0	O	The movie opens with the invisible Nick Halloway  dictating his memoirs into a video camera.
1	O	To prove it is not a camera trick, he chews some bubble gum.
2	O	Nick narrates the story of how he came to be invisible, beginning a few days earlier at his job as a stock analyst.
3	O	His secretary refers to him as a "bullshit artist", and he spends most of his life avoiding responsibility and connections with other people.
4	O	At his favorite bar, the Academy Club, his friend George Talbot  invites him to join his table where Nick meets Alice Monroe .
5	O	Sharing an instant attraction, Nick and Alice make out in the ladies room.
6	O	When Alice has to leave, Nick drinks heavily to console himself, although the pair set a lunch date for Friday.
7	O	The following morning, Nick is unable to avoid going to a shareholder's meeting at Magnascopic Labaratories.
8	O	Unable to endure the droning presentation by Dr. Bernard Wachs ([[Jim Norton , Nick leaves in search of a bathroom.
9	O	When he asks a lab technician for directions, the technician spills his coffee onto a computer console.
10	O	Nick eventually finds an empty sauna and lies down for a nap.
11	B	Meanwhile, the coffee has caused a meltdown, and the entire building is evacuated.
12	O	The building seems to explode, but there is no debris.
13	B	Instead, much of the building is rendered invisible, including Nick.
14	O	CIA operative David Jenkins , who has a shady past, arrives on the scene to contain the damage, and he discovers Nick's condition.
15	O	While they are transferring him to an ambulance, the agents joke about how Nick will spend the rest of his life hooked up to machines and being studied by scientists.
16	O	In a panic, Nick flees.
17	O	Jenkins convinces his supervisor Warren Singleton  not to notify CIA headquarters so that they can capture and take credit for Nick, who could become the greatest secret agent in the world.
18	O	Nick holes up in his apartment, but Jenkins tracks him down using the guest list for the meeting.
19	O	Nick decides to hide at the Academy Club.
20	O	He locates Dr. Wachs in the hope that he can restore Nick's visibility.
21	O	The physicist has no idea how to help, however.
22	B	Jenkins interrogates Dr. Wachs and eventually has him killed to keep Nick's invisibility a secret.
23	O	After a confrontation at Jenkins' office, Nick decides to flee San Francisco to George's remote beach house.
24	B	Unfortunately, George arrives with his wife, Alice and Richard, another friend, to spend the weekend.
25	B	Nick reveals his condition to Alice, who decides to help him.
26	B	The pair board a train for Mexico, where Nick wants to set up a new life, trading stocks through Alice as a proxy.
27	B	Jenkins tracks them down on the train, and during the ensuing confrontation, Nick is shot with a tranquilizer dart, loses consciousness and falls off the train and into a river.
28	O	He makes his way to the video store, where he tapes his memoirs.
29	O	At the end of the tape, he records an ultimatum for Jenkins: exchange Alice for the tape, or Nick will give it to the CIA and the press.
30	O	Jenkins agrees, putting Alice into a cab as his men surround Nick at the phone booth, across the street.
31	B	However, Nick has disguised himself as the cab driver, and George is standing in for Nick in the exchange.
32	O	Jenkins pursues the cab, eventually cornering Nick on top of a building.
33	O	Using his suit jacket  as a decoy, Nick lures Jenkins to the edge, threatening to jump and sends his nemesis to his death.
34	O	Believing Nick to be dead, along with Jenkins, Singleton tells Alice to forget everything that's happened.
35	O	Nick comes to Alice, who's looking for his body, and the two walk off in secret.
36	O	They move to Switzerland, and the film closes with shots of a still invisible Nick skiing down to their chalet, where a pregnant Alice greets him with a kiss.
37	O	{{Expand section}} Happily Ever After dissects the viability of fidelity via the story of three buddies and their tumultuous relationships with the opposite sex.
38	O	The film opens with the central characters, Vincent  and Gabrielle  capriciously flirting in a bar.
39	B	Vincent appears to win the affection of Gabrielle over many other potential courters, but the entire exercise is a ruse; they are actually married with a child.
40	O	The rest of the film explores the nature of romance, marriage, happiness, expectations in life, how love and sex interrelate, and ultimately, why no one can feel fulfilled.
41	O	Mike Dixon  is an agent working linewatch for the United States Border Patrol on the US/Mexico Border in New Mexico.
42	O	He's well respected by his peers at US Border Patrol, and loved by his wife Angela  and 5-year-old daughter Emily .
43	B	Mike and his partner Luis DeSanto  discover a van full of dead illegal immigrants, and they go in search of the "coyote" who was leading them across before he left them for dead.
44	O	At the same time, Mike has to deal with a ‘Minute Men’ style militia led by Ron Spencer .
45	B	The search for the coyote leads Mike and Luis to a trailer, and results in a shootout where Luis gets shot.
46	B	During the ensuing chaos, Mike recognizes one of the suspects as Cook , a member of the High Noon Gang  from Los Angeles.
47	O	Years ago, Mike was a member of the HNG, until he turned his back on the gang.
48	O	The encounter with Cook, who escapes, leads the HNG and its leader, Kimo , to Mike.
49	B	It turns out that Mike has interfered with an HNG plot to bring drugs into the United States, and Kimo threatens to kill Angela and Emily unless Mike agrees to use his Border Patrol connections to help the HNG bring in a drug shipment.
50	I	Mike would rather not help Kimo, but he realizes that, through the threats made against his family, that he has little choice.
51	O	Mike is forced to find a way to protect his family from the High Noon Gang.
52	O	Shirley, a fiery Bronx bombshell, has become the target of kidnappers — though she can't figure out why.TV Guide, May 6-12, 1972, p A-55
53	O	The film portrays the fictional story of Lúcia, a widowed middle class piano teacher whose 18-year-old son Rafael is imprisoned before the riots because of his participation in a car accident which resulted in the death of a girl.
54	O	While visiting her son at jail, Lúcia meets Ruiva , lawyer of "the Professor", leader of the PCC .
55	O	The two women soon bond, and Ruiva starts using Lúcia in tasks for the criminal organization.
56	O	Lúcia needs the money so she ends up accepting the mission, putting herself in the boundary between legality and crime.
57	O	Meanwhile, The Command is experiencing a turbulent internal dispute for power, while facing a common enemy: the prison system.
58	O	{{pt}} Salve Geral official website - "Sobre o filme" Salve Geral lampoons the mass media for generating panic among the population of São Paulo with its sensationalistic coverage of the riot and not revealing the real cause of the revolt, which was the degrading situation of the state prison system.
59	O	The plot revolves around two father and sons.
60	O	Raghuvaran was a smuggler,who lives in a house nearby S.P.Balasubramaniam, father of Ajith.
61	O	In his childhood days, getting attracted by Raghuvaran's activities, Ajith remains to stay with him always.
62	O	While SPB tries to convince his son, it is all in vain.
63	O	He got vexed, and started to grow up Vikram, son of Raghuvaran as a good man.
64	O	In college days, Vikram becomes a singer, and becomes a lover boy in the college.
65	O	While Ajith studying in the same college becomes a dancer, and turns out to be a local dada, who helps Raghuvaran in his business.
66	O	In the meanwhile, Ajith and Vikram love the same girl , who in turn loves Ajith.
67	O	SPB comes to know about Vikram's love affair and begs Ajith to leave his love for Vikram, since he won't be able to lead a peaceful life in the shape he is.
68	O	The film ends with Ajith having to choose between his lady love and the dark world.
69	B	After being falsely accused of his brother Harry's murder Carl Pearson escapes from prison with the aid of another prisoner Duke Williams.
70	O	Meanwhile wealthy aircraft manufacturer Roger Morgan makes plans to adopt Harry's son Bobby who is currently in the care of Ruth Adams, who is also Carl's fiancee.
71	O	With his father dead young Bobby is the legal owner of valuable aircraft plans that Morgan wants to acquire.
72	O	Carl's son is Johnny who is the owner of Rinty a prize tracking dog.
73	O	The Police borrow Rinty in order to try to track Carl and Duke; but Rinty is less than cooperative in this effort.
74	B	After a car accident leaves Ruth temporarily incapacitated, young Bobby wanders off.
75	O	A canoe rescue and an encounter with a wild cougar follow.
76	B	Arriving at the Pearson's cabin Carl recovers the plans, but Duke steals them in order to sell them.
77	B	Eventually everyone else ends up at the cabin and the real killer is revealed.
78	I	The killer tries to escape followed by Carl and Rinty in a climactic chase.
79	O	Head counselor T.C is at a campfire with the male campers Sean, Rob, Anthony, Judd, Charlie and Emilio.
80	O	Also there is Phoebe, who has sneaked away from her cabin to be with the boys.
81	O	As Phoebe tells the story about the killings of the previous film at Camp Arawak, her head counselor Angela appears and forces her to go back to the cabin.
82	B	After the pair get into an argument, Phoebe becomes lost, only to be attacked by Angela who hits her over the head with a log before cutting her tongue out.
83	I	The next day, the campers in Phoebe's cabin, including Molly, Ally, Mare, Demi, Lea and twins Brooke and Jodi, question Angela on the whereabouts of Phoebe, however she tells them she had to be sent home due to bad behavior.
84	O	At breakfast, the head of camp Uncle John gives Angela "the counselor of the week award".
85	O	Afterwards, Angela discovers Brooke and Jodi smoking marijuana and drinking, so interrupts them.
86	O	Later, Brooke awakens on a grill only to see the skeleton of her already cremated sister.
87	B	Angela then pours gasoline over Brooke and burns her alive.
88	O	Meanwhile, Molly and Sean start a relationship, despite Ally's attempts to seduce Sean.
89	O	That night, the boys throw a panty raid in the girl's cabin until Angela comes in, throwing them out.
90	O	Later, the girls raid the boys cabin.
91	B	T.C allows the fun to go on, but Angela appears and witnesses Mare showing off her breasts.
92	O	Mare decides she wants to leave the camp, so gets Angela to drive her.
93	B	While traveling, Angela gives Mare one last chance to apologize, however when she fails to do so Angela murders her with an electric drill.
94	O	The following day, Angela discovers Charlie and Emilio looking at naked pictures of various campers they had taken in secret.
95	O	That night, the girls go camping, giving Anthony and Judd a chance to scare Angela, dressed as Freddy Krueger and Jason Voorhees.
96	B	The plan backfires however, when Angela dressed as Leatherface slashes Anthony's throat before murdering Judd with a chainsaw.
97	B	After finding out Ally has walked away to have sex with Rob, Angela plans to murder the pair but her plan fails.
98	O	The next day, Angela sets up a trap for Ally, leaving her a fake note from Sean.
99	B	Ally goes to meet Sean, but instead meets Angela, who stabs Ally in the back before forcing her down the outhouse toilet hole, drowning her in feces.
100	B	That night, Demi reveals to Angela that she phoned the families of the girls who had been sent home by Angela, but they denied the girls being sent home.
101	I	Realizing she could be caught, Angela strangles Demi to death with a guitar string, before stabbing Lea to death when she finds Demi's body.
102	O	The next day, Uncle John and T.C fire Angela for not telling Uncle John about sending the many campers home.
103	O	Feeling sad for an upset Angela, Molly and Sean go into the woods to cheer her up.
104	B	However the pair discover the bodies of the other campers in a cabin, before Angela ties them up.
105	O	Back at camp, Rob tells T.C the whereabouts of Molly and Sean, prompting T.C to go off to fetch them.
106	B	He enters the cabin, only for Angela to throw battery acid on his face, killing him.
107	B	Sean realizes Angela is Peter Baker, the murderer from the previous movie.
108	I	Angela reveals that after two years of electroshock therapy and a sex change, she was released for having good records from doctors.
109	B	She then proceeds to decapitate Sean.
110	B	Angela leaves the cabin, allowing Molly to free herself and upon Angela entering, knock her out and escape.
111	O	Angela chases after Molly through the woods, who finally falls off a rock and is presumed dead.
112	B	Later that night, camp counselor Diane discovers the dead bodies of Charlie, Emilio, Uncle John and Rob, before she is stabbed to death by Angela.
113	O	Meanwhile, Molly regains consciousness and begins to make her way out of the forest.
114	O	Angela hitchhikes with a truck driver, who quickly annoys her, making Angela stab her to death.
115	B	As Molly makes it out of the woods, she finds the truck, but is horrified to find Angela is the driver.
116	O	The movie ends with Molly screaming.
117	B	At Wellman College, thousands of hamsters are overrunning the entire campus, causing general chaos.
118	O	This is due to the massively obese, yet loving and kind-hearted, professor Sherman Klump, who accidentally released them by grazing the switch that opens the hamster's cages.
119	O	Meanwhile, Sherman has constructed an experimental formula that reconstructs the DNA of an obese person in a way that will allow them to lose weight more easily.
120	O	After class, Sherman meets and instantly falls in love with Carla Purty, a chemistry graduate student who is a big fan of his work.
121	O	After dinner with his obese, impolite family, Sherman asks Carla out on a date, which she accepts, much to Sherman's pleasant surprise.
122	O	At the date, it begins well with Carla showing admiration for Sherman's work, but the club's wicked comic Reggie Warrington heckles him about his obesity.
123	O	Sherman becomes depressed and has a nightmare in which he becomes a giant and wrecks the city with just a single fart, which is then accidentally lit on fire.
124	B	He tests the serum on himself, and loses 250 pounds in seconds.
125	O	Overwhelmed, he goes out and buys many normal size clothing as a celebration.
126	O	Calling himself Buddy Love, he invites Carla out on a date at the same club again .
127	B	Reggie is present again, and Buddy takes revenge and heckles him mercilessly; during which Buddy develops a personality of his own, as the high testosterone levels causes him to be overly assertive and confident and then stuffs him into a grand piano.
128	O	The next morning, Dean Richmond has set up a meeting with Harlan Hartley at The Ritz to have Sherman describe the serum.
129	O	Sherman arrives at The Ritz as Buddy with Carla.
130	O	When the dean spots him, Carla asks Buddy if he will take Sherman's place.
131	O	He does, and he takes all the credit of his work to Hartley.
132	O	Hartley and the dean are very impressed with his work, and the dean invites him to the alumni ball.
133	O	Meanwhile, Buddy picks up three beautiful women and invites them both back to his place for the night.
134	B	After a falling out with Carla and Richmond gleefully telling Sherman that Buddy will be taking his place at the Alumni Ball, Sherman, having enough of his alter ego, destroys all of the serum samples.
135	B	Unfortunately, Buddy has planned for this and hidden a sample in one of Sherman's diet shake cans, which Sherman drinks, causing him to transform into Buddy again.
136	O	Sherman's young assistant Jason tries to stop him from going to the ball, but Buddy knocks him out and departs.
137	O	At the ball, Buddy demonstrates the effects of the serum to the audience, but Jason arrives in time, as he has found out that Buddy's testosterone levels are at a lethally high 60,000%.
138	O	The two of them get into a brief fist fight, but Sherman begins to fight Buddy from within.
139	O	Sherman eventually transforms into his regular self and admits to the alumni of his misdeeds, that Buddy was who he thought he and everybody else wanted him to be, and that he should accept himself for who he is.
140	O	As he leaves, Carla stops him and asks why he lied; he says he did not believe that she would accept him, but she says it doesn't matter if he is overweight or not.
141	O	The film ends with Sherman and Carla dancing, and Hartley giving the grant to Sherman because he is "a brilliant scientist and a gentleman."
142	O	Pierre Brossard , a French Nazi collaborator, orders seven Jews executed during World War II.
143	O	Some 40 years later, he is pursued by "David Manenbaum" , a hitman who is under orders to kill Brossard and leave a printed 'Statement' on his body proclaiming the assassination was vengeance for the Jews executed in 1944.
144	O	Brossard sees "Manenbaum" at a local bar, becomes concerned about possible trouble, and begins to run from him.
145	B	Brossard kills "Manenbaum", then realizes he must now run from the law to save his life.
146	O	Brossard hides "Manenbaum's" body and car, after robbing the dead body, finding the printed 'Statement', and discovering that his pursuer was travelling on a Canadian passport.
147	O	Brossard spends the rest of the film running between short-term sanctuaries in southern France within the Traditional Catholic community, appealing to long-time allies who have operated in great secrecy to shield him and provide him with funds for years, but now bring increased scrutiny to themselves for continuing to do so.
148	O	The murder of "Manenbaum" attracts the interest of local police, and eventually the persistent Investigating Judge Anne-Marie Levi .
149	O	She becomes absorbed by the case, and is not discouraged by the lack of assistance she encounters from official sectors she believes should be helping her.
150	O	Levy forms an alliance with the similarly dedicated Colonel Roux , a senior French Gendarmerie's investigator, and the pair initially suspect that "Manenbaum" was part of a Jewish assassination plot.
151	O	The pair dig deeply into the case, and discover that Brossard has been the subject of several previous investigations, dating back more than 40 years, which have all failed.
152	O	Just how has Brossard been able to escape justice for so long?
153	O	Levi and Roux discover hidden resources and build up the pressure, tightening the noose around Brossard, who finds his allies increasingly reluctant to help him.
154	O	Meanwhile, doubts begin to arise over the theory of a Jewish hit squad, but it is clear that someone wants Brossard dead, and the elimination of "Manenbaum" does not put an end to their efforts.
155	O	Brossard in desperation secretly pays a surprise visit to his estranged wife Nicole , a maid who is living in lower-middle-class circumstances in Marseille and is very apprehensive about seeing him again.
156	O	Brossard's allies, including certain priests and a wartime colleague, who has risen into a position of great power within the French government, are feeling the heat from the relentless questioning of Levy and Roux.
157	O	As the story approaches its climax, Brossard, desperate and unsure whom to trust, seeks new identity papers and money, so he can escape France forever.
158	O	He knows far too much for the safety of his protectors, and has relied upon this fact for years.
159	O	But Brossard is now living on borrowed time, and it becomes a question of not only whether he can avoid capture and flee France, but also of which pursuer will find him first.
160	O	In Madrid, during the bombing of November 1936, in the Spanish Civil War, the Republican Government decided on the evacuation of paintings from the Prado Museum.
161	O	Manuel , a 28 year old security guard, finds a self-portrait of Goya abandoned in one corner.
162	O	He hides the painting and flees the bombing of his house.
163	O	Scott stars as Dr. John Russell, a composer living in New York City who moves cross-country to Washington state following the deaths of his wife and daughter in a traffic accident while on a winter vacation in upstate New York.
164	O	In suburban Seattle, Russell rents a large, old and eerie Victorian-era mansion and begins piecing his life back together.
165	B	However, Dr. Russell soon discovers that he has unexpected company in his new home - the ghost of a murdered child.
166	I	It shatters windows, abruptly opens and shuts doors, and manifests itself during a seance.
167	O	Russell investigates and finds that the mystery is linked to a powerful local family, the heir of which is a wealthy United States senator, Joseph Carmichael.
168	O	Dr. Russell learns that the real Joseph Carmichael was murdered by his father.
169	O	Joseph was a crippled, sickly child, and in the event of his death, the family fortune would pass to his mother's side of the family.
170	B	Desperate to keep control of the fortune, Joseph's father drowned young Joseph in the bathtub, secretly replaced him with a healthy orphan, and took him to Europe in the guise of seeking a treatment or cure.
171	I	He returned several years later with the imposter, now grown and "cured" of his illness, and continued as if nothing had happened.
172	I	But now the ghost of the real Joseph was haunting the house to get Dr. Russell to investigate the murder, and bring forth justice.
173	O	The movie starts with Aalavandhar  a corrupt politician who holds the post as Education minister and wants to become the chief minister.
174	O	He is supported by his son-in-laws, Sathya  IPS Officer who runs a finance company and Ilamaran  IAS officer, the district collector.
175	O	With the idea of his in-laws, Aalavandhar tries to disturb peace in state and make situation against the CM.
176	O	Muthazhagu  an honest youth wing leader of the same ruling party learns and opposes the move of his father and he stands by and for the people.
177	O	Sathya, Ilamaran and Aalavandhar allocates a land space in a village for a cool drink company.
178	O	The village is rich in land water and the people oppose for the governments move against them.
179	O	But these corrupt personalities issue an order for the start of the factory.
180	O	Muthazhagu tries to meet the collector  with the people of the locality and fails to get a reason for it.
181	O	So he moves on to the court and with the court's order he gets a stay for the project.
182	O	In order to save and work for the people he plans to contest in the elections as an independent candidate.
183	O	He stands opposite his father Aalavandhar.
184	O	He wins the elections and extends his support to the party and gets a place in the ministry.
185	O	He takes charge of the high profile department as HOME MINISTER.
186	O	Muthazhagu commands and passes orders to all the departments to work for the welfare of the public and he would take care of all the other issues within the departments.
187	O	He threatens the CM and takes orders for effective governance.
188	O	Aalavandhar gets irritated by the moves of Muthazhagu and discusses the same with his in-laws.
189	O	Sathya plans to wipe him off.
190	B	This brings Aalavandhar to realize his misdoings in the past and meets Muthazhagu and confesses his mistake and asks him to return back to their home.
191	I	Muthazhagu accepts to return back to their home along with his wife Gauri .
192	O	On an official call he goes to Delhi.
193	B	Aalavandhar meets up in an accident ands passes away.
194	B	Muthazagu's mom thinks Muthazagu killed his dad and bans him from the house.
195	B	Muthazaghu finds that Sathya was the master-mind for the murder as his dad  said to him about the public confession of their crimes.
196	I	Muthazaghu killls his brother-in-law in the climax.
197	O	The film depicts the tough period in the life of Masako Fukuhara  who struggles to look after ill son, failing from dust of velvet making workshop, ill husband from overwork in the war, young girl, younger boy cousin and teenage daughter Toshiko .
198	O	Forced to take over the family dry-cleaning business after the death of her husband, Masako also attempts to cope with her daughter's rebellious behavior.
199	O	Toshiko, meanwhile, harbors suspicions that her mother is falling for her Uncle Kimura , even as she herself starts to feel the first stirrings of love and passion.
200	O	Through it all, Masako works on uncomplaining and efficient, while enjoying the pleasures of watching her children grow up.
201	O	This film is a narrative by Sufi , a Muslim scholar.
202	O	Karthy  belongs to a prestigious Hindu tharavadu.
203	O	She falls in love with a Muslim trader named Maamootty  and starts living in Maamootty's house after converting to Islam.
204	O	But she doesn't give up her original beliefs of her original religion Hinduism.
205	O	To save Karthy from the need to go to the temple, Maamootty builds one inside his house.
206	B	When the local Muslim people came to know about this, they create problems and this forces the couple to move apart.
207	O	This is the story of two con-artists Jerry  and Ravi Varma , and Jerry's sister.
208	O	Jerry has been a con-man from childhood.
209	O	He and his sister are separated due to Jerry's idea to bring the family house under his own name.
210	B	His father finds out about his plot, though, and his sister does not approve of his fraudulent activities.
211	O	Ravi Varma, another conman, enters the scene.
212	O	Jerry is impressed by Ravi's smartness, and both of them plan a big heist.
213	O	They get the idea from a thief, Bose.
214	O	Both plan to trick an NRI played by Devan.
215	O	The story starts with the arrest of Ravi Varma , whose father has just been arrested due to a fraud case.
216	O	He plans, along with a skilled conman to steal money from a petrol station, and is caught, but he escapes with the help of Jerry , who has also been trying to pull off a similar act.
217	O	After Ravi Varma proves himself to Jerry, an old acquaintance  tells Jerry of a copy painting that he could possibly trick an NRI into for {{INR}}50 lakhs.
218	O	This information creates a rift in the newly formed friendship as they go out and try to outdo each other to get the money.
219	B	To add a twist to the story, Jerry's sister, who has been against him because of a court case, works at the hotel that the NRI is staying at.
220	I	Both Ravi Varma and the NRI fall in love with her.
221	B	They eventually lose the painting and have to buy the original out of fear.
222	O	They eventually do so, pooling in money they had decided not to use , buy the original and sell it to the NRI for {{INR}}3 crore.
223	B	Another incident on the same night separates Jerry and his sister further, and then the duo  learn that the cheque given to them is not valid.
224	I	They fall into a fight and decide to split up and part ways.
225	O	The story follows with Jerry, who runs into the master fraud from the beginning of the story, whom he had not known initially.
226	O	The master fraud brings him to resolve out the story, at which point the plot takes an interesting twist.
227	B	Jerry realizes he has arrived at the wedding of Ravi Varma and his sister!
228	B	He also finds out that the entire sequence of events starting from the gas station incident had been completely staged as a form of gentle revenge in return for the scam which had sent Ravi Varma's father to jail.
229	O	Jerry asks for forgiveness from everyone and leaves the wedding thereafter.
230	O	As the credits roll out, Jerry is seen pondering into another possible scam, leaving an open end for a possible sequel to the movie.
231	O	The film depicts the construction and ultimate demolition of a metaphorical wall; alienation.
232	O	Pink, the protagonist  of the film, is a rock star, one of several reasons behind his apparent depressive and detached emotional state.
233	O	He is first seen in a quiet hotel room, having trashed it.
234	O	The opening music is not by Pink Floyd, but is the Vera Lynn recording of "The Little Boy that Santa Claus Forgot".
235	O	{{Cite book}} During the following scenes, it is revealed that Pink's father, a British soldier, was killed in action in the course of World War II in Pink's infancy, a reference to the death of Roger Waters' real-life father, Eric Fletcher Waters, in combat in Italy during Operation Shingle  in February 1944.
236	O	The film then flashes back to Pink as a young English boy growing up in the early 1950s.
237	O	Throughout his childhood, Pink longs for a father figure after he learns his father died in the war.
238	O	At school, he is humiliated for writing poems in class.
239	O	The poems that the teacher seizes from him and reads aloud are lyrics from "Money" from The Dark Side of the Moon.
240	O	After the teacher reads the poem out loud, Pink starts hallucinating the music video of "Another Brick in the Wall".
241	O	Pink is also affected by his overprotective mother.
242	B	He eventually gets married, but he and his wife grow apart and she has an affair while Pink is on tour.
243	O	When Pink learns of the affair, he compensates with expensive materialistic possessions and turns to a willing groupie, whom he brings back to his hotel room only to trash it in a fit of violence, causing the groupie to flee in terror.
244	O	Pink slowly begins to lose his mind to metaphorical "worms".
245	O	He shaves off all of his body hair and his eyebrows (an incident inspired by former bandmate Syd Barrett, who appeared at a 1975 recording session of [[Wish You Were Here  and, while watching The Dam Busters on television, morphs into his neo-Nazi alter-ego.
246	B	Pink's manager, along with the hotel manager and some paramedics, discover Pink and inject him with drugs to enable him to perform.
247	I	The drugs cause Pink to hallucinate and he fantasises that he is a dictator and his concert a neo-Nazi rally.
248	O	His followers proceed to attack ethnic minorities, and Pink holds a rally in suburban London, singing "Waiting for the Worms".
249	O	The scene is intercut with images of animated marching hammers that goose-step across ruins.
250	O	Pink screams "Stop!"
251	O	and takes refuge in a bathroom stall at the concert venue, reciting poems which would later be used as lyrics on Pink Floyd's "Your Possible Pasts" from The Final Cut album and "5:11 AM " from Roger Waters' The Pros and Cons of Hitch Hiking.
252	O	In an animated sequence, Pink puts himself on trial.
253	O	He is depicted as a small, pink rag doll that rarely moves.
254	O	The film concludes with several children cleaning up a pile of debris after an earlier riot, with a freeze-frame on one of the children emptying a Molotov cocktail lasting until the credits.
255	O	May  is an ordinary grandmother from Northern England.
256	B	When her husband dies on a family visit to London, she recedes into the background of her busy, metropolitan children's lives.
257	O	Trapped in an unfamiliar city, far from home, May fears that she has become another invisible old lady whose life is more or less over.
258	B	She embarks on a sexual affair with Darren , a married handyman half her age who is renovating her son's house and is also her daughter's lover.
259	I	As her sexual desire soon turns to emotional longing, May unwittingly embroils herself into a point-of-no-return situation with devastating results for all those surrounding her.
260	O	Back in L.A. after serving time on drug charges, Daryl Allen , who narrates, plans to open a nightclub, and a pal offers to bankroll the business.
261	B	Daryl drives his buddy to the bank, unaware he's taking part in a robbery.
262	I	He's sent back to the slammer for a long stretch, and during that period his girlfriend  marries.
263	O	Released after five years, Daryl is unemployed when he meets Vanessa Dietrich , who gets him work as a limo driver.
264	B	Vanessa and Daryl are targets of a hitman, and Vanessa tells Daryl she suspects her ex-lover Ahmad .
265	O	What Daryl doesn't know about Ahmad and Vanessa may turn out to be his undoing.
266	O	Ichiro Aoye , an artist, meets a famous young classical singer, Miyako Saijo  whilst working on his paintings in the mountains.
267	O	After discovering they are both heading for the same location he offers to give her a motorcycle ride to where they are staying.
268	O	On the way, they are spotted by paparazzi for the tabloid magazine Amour, who track the two down.
269	B	As Saijo refuses to grant the photographers an interview, they plot their revenge by taking a picture of the couple having breakfast on a balcony and print it under the headline 'The Love Story of Miyako Saijo'.
270	I	Aoye is outraged by this false scandal and plans to sue the magazine.
271	O	During the subsequent media circus, Aoye is approached by a down-and-out lawyer, Hiruta , who claims to share Aoye's anger with the press.
272	B	Aoye takes him for his attorney, but Hiruta, desperate for money to cure his daughter with terminal tuberculosis, Masako , accepts a bribe from the editor of the magazine to throw the trial.
273	O	The trial proceeds badly for the plaintiffs.
274	O	Struck by the kindness of Aoye and Saijo towards his Masako, and Masako's own disgust at the way he is handling the case, Hiruta becomes ridden with guilt.
275	B	As the trial draws to an end, Masako dies, convinced that Aoye and Saijo will win the case.
276	B	On the final day of the trial Hiruta, prodded by his conscience, confesses all and though he is disbarred, his reputation is saved and Amour loses the case.
277	O	Bill Pullman plays a top neurosurgeon, Dr. Rex Martin, who is active in studying brain malfunctions that cause mental illnesses.
278	O	High school friend Jim Reston, a successful businessman at Eunice, requires Martin's aid in reaching the mind of John Halsey, a former genius mathematician who once worked for the company and is now a paranoid psychotic at a nearby asylum.
279	O	Dr. Martin's surgery is intended to successfully alter the patient's mental attitude, either unlocking the corporate secrets within Halsey's brain or else leaving Halsey unable to accidentally share them with anyone else.
280	B	As Martin begins the surgical procedure, he starts to experience the same paranoid dreams as Halsey.
281	I	The episodes grow in intensity until it becomes unclear whether Martin is a doctor imagining he's the patient, or a mental patient who succumbed to the delusion that he was a brain surgeon.
282	O	Martin floats farther and farther from reality, caught between his loyalty to his business colleagues and his own humanity.
283	B	Naoki Ono, a 14-year-old boy murders a young girl in the suburbs of Tokyo.
284	O	As a result, the large family change their names and live apart, while Naoki goes to a reformatory.
285	O	Towako, his mother, stays away with her youngest son and youngest daughter, while her husband lives with other family.
286	O	Three years later, Towako requests that the families reunites and go the island of her birth to be with her dying mother.
287	O	Thus, the family are back together.
288	O	But things aren't so simple.
289	O	Katsumi, Naoki's sister hasn't been able to speak since her brother murdered the girl.
290	O	Little Subaru  has also suffered from the selfishness of his brother.
291	O	And what of their uncle Satoshi and his family, his own son was killed.
292	O	The family have never been a 'family' before... Could Grandmother bring them all together?
293	O	Temüjin  as a prisoner in the Tangut kingdom, conveys his memories about his earlier life through a series of flashbacks.
294	O	Embarking on an expedition as a young boy, Temüjin  is accompanied by his father Yesügei  to select a girl as his future wife.
295	O	Temüjin meets and chooses Börte , although his father wishes him to choose a mate from the Merkit tribe.
296	O	Temüjin convinces his father to allow him to choose Börte.
297	O	He promises to return after five years to marry her.
298	B	On their way home, Temüjin's father is poisoned by an enemy tribe.
299	I	As he lies dying, he tells Temüjin that he is now Khan.
300	B	However, one of his father's warriors, Targutai , orders the other tribesmen to loot the dead Khan's camp.
301	I	Targutai spares Temüjin's life, declaring a Mongol does not kill children.
302	B	After falling through the ice of a frozen lake, Temüjin is found lying down in the snow by a young boy called Jamukha .
303	O	The two quickly become friends and perform a traditional ceremony declaring themselves blood brothers.
304	B	Targutai later captures Temüjin, holding him in captivity.
305	I	Temüjin however, escapes late one night and roams the countryside.
306	O	Temüjin is later seen again as a young man  in 1186.
307	B	He once again is apprehended by Targutai, who wishes to kill him now that he is grown.
308	I	Temüjin escapes a second time finding Börte , and brings her back to his family.
309	B	Later that night, they are attacked by the Merkit tribe led by Chiledu , since Temüjin's father had years before stolen his wife from one of their tribesmen.
310	I	While being chased on horseback, Temüjin is shot with an arrow.
311	O	Börte whips the horse which Temüjin is on, telling it to go home.
312	B	Börte is captured by the Merkit leader, as Temüjin returns safely to his family.
313	B	Temüjin is sold to a Tangut Garrison Chief , despite the dire warning given to the man by a Buddhist monk  acting as his advisor, who senses the great potential the warrior carries and his future role in subjugating the Tangut state.
314	O	While imprisoned, the monk pleads with Temüjin to save his monastery when he is set free sometime in the future.
315	O	In exchange for delivering a bone fragment to Börte indicating that he is still alive, Temüjin agrees.
316	B	Thereafter, the monk succeeds in delivering the bone and the message, though at the cost of his life.
317	B	As a means of getting to Tangut, Börte becomes a merchant's concubine, bearing a daughter along the way.
318	B	Once Börte arrives in Tangut, she abandons the merchant and bribes the guard for the key to Temüjin's cell, and the two manage to escape back to their homeland.
319	B	Temüjin, upset by the increasing loss of traditional values in Mongol society, leaves his family once more and pledges to make the Mongols abide by the law.
320	O	Visiting a holy site in the mountains, he drafts an early version of the Jasagh and prays to "The Lord of the Great Blue Sky" for assistance.
321	O	Subsequently, he gathers an army to unify all of the Mongols.
322	O	In 1196, Temüjin declares war over Jamukha.
323	O	By 1206, Temüjin engages Jamukha, in league with his old enemy, Targutai, in battle.
324	B	However, a thunderstorm arises on the steppe, terrifying Jamukha's troops and causing their unconditional surrender, as Temüjin stands triumphant .
325	B	Having defeated his "blood brother", Temüjin allows Jamukha to live, while Targutai is killed by his own soldiers while attempting to flee the battle.
326	O	The traitorous men are ordered to be executed by Temüjin, who surprises them when he informs them that they broke his primary tenet: "Never betray your Khan."
327	O	Afterwards, Temüjin is designated the Khan of all the Mongols – Genghis Khan of the Great Steppe.
328	O	The final pre-credits sequence indicates that Genghis Khan would later go on to invade and conquer the Tangut Empire by 1227, fulfilling the monk's prophecy.
329	O	However, the film clarifies that, while the entire civilization was ravaged by the Mongol horde, the Buddhist monastery Temüjin pledged never to destroy remained intact, thereby indicating the great integrity and honesty of the Khan.
330	O	The gang, except for Muggs, works at an aviation factory where spies are present.
331	B	However, Muggs hangs out there all day long and begins to suspect the doctor of the 'Flying Ambulance' to be the one stealing blueprints and smuggling them to secret agents.
332	O	A man must traverse the city of Manhattan to get the keys to a friend’s apartment while coming in contact with various New Yorkers along the way.
333	O	Thirteen-year-old Ernest Chin's life is devoted to working at his family's hourly-rate motel, where a steady stream of prostitutes, johns, and various other shady characters come and go.
334	O	Abandoned by his father, he lives with his mother, grandfather, and younger sister Katie.
335	O	The film is a loosely assembled series of vignettes examining the difficulty of adolescence.
336	O	Recurring themes include painful encounters with a bully named Roy and Ernest's persistent feelings of being misunderstood by his family.
337	O	Ernest also blindly explores his incipient sexuality, which includes nursing a crush on Christine, an older girl who works at a Chinese restaurant nearby.
338	B	Ernest's life changes after he meets the newest guest at the motel: a self-destructive yet charming Korean-American man named Sam Kim , who is caught in a downward spiral after estrangement from his wife.
339	O	The movie portrays the story of an Italian family emigrated in Germany in the 1970s.
340	O	Romano , the father, decides to open a pizzeria which, by mutual decision with the wife Rosa , will call Solino, leaving his sons Gigi and Giancarlo to work there.
341	O	A hostile relationship comes to life between the father and his sons, which will end up in the escape of the boys from family.
342	O	The story follows Fam and Ihrie, who are searching for the legendary Ultimate Power, which is said to grant any wishes the finder may have.
343	O	After obtaining a map from the merchant Galuff, they find the "Proof of Royalty" in an ancient castle, where they fight off fellow treasure hunters Miguel and Rasha, along with the treacherous Galuff.
344	O	Fam and Ihrie learn that alongside the Proof of Royalty, they need the Sword of Sargus and Mirror of Truth to obtain the Ultimate Power.
345	B	Later, Ihrie scolds Fam for being so slow at memorizing new spells, which causes Fam to run away on her own.
346	B	She encounters Lyle in the woods, and falls deeply in love with him.
347	O	Lyle is also looking for the Ultimate Power, and the two partner up to find the rest of the treasures.
348	O	Eventually Fam, Lyle, Ihrie, Miguel, Rash and Galuff all end up at a ruined city; the location of the Sword of Sargus.
349	B	However, there they run into Ruguduroll, who taunts Lyle and proves invulnerable to both swords and magic before vanishing, leaving the sword behind.
350	O	Lyle reveals that Ruguduroll was once a priest in his homeland, but was corrupted by magic and destroyed the entire kingdom, along with Lyle's fiancee, Meria.
351	O	This is why Lyle wants the Ultimate Power; for revenge.
352	O	As Ihrie tries to grab the Sword of Sargus, it is revealed that the spirit inside it, Sargus, only lets people who are without materialistic wishes touch it.
353	O	As such, Fam is the only person in the group allowed to touch the sword, and her wish is to help Lyle on his quest.
354	O	As Fam is determined to help the prince, Ihrie decides to come with them, and since Rasha has fallen in love with Lyle as well , she follows them as well and forces Miguel along.
355	O	With Galuff in tow, the group goes to find the Mirror of Truth.
356	B	This quest doesn't go on for long, however, as Ruguduroll finds it first, then attacks the group and steals the Proof of Royalty and Sword of Sargus.
357	B	At the same time, it is revealed that Ihrie's magic is the same type as Ruguduroll's, and therefore she can harm him.
358	O	However, Ruguduroll is unable to get the Ultimate Power, as the sword belongs to Lyle as per Fam's wishes, and Sargus refuses Ruguduroll's wishes.
359	O	The group make their way to Ruguduroll's castle, and on their way they find a magical stone where his memories are inscribed.
360	O	Tapping into it, they see that Ruguduroll was corrupted by all the poverty and misery in the land that went unseen by the royal family.
361	O	He wanted the power to stop it, and accessed the powerful magic hidden by the king.
362	B	The group break into his castle, and Fam and Ihrie manage to hold him back with their magic as Lyle attacks him with the reclaimed Sword of Sargus.
363	B	Ruguduroll is killed, and Lyle begins rebuilding his kingdom as Fam says goodbye and runs to Ihrie.
364	B	{{plot}} In the kingdom of Frell, baby Ella  is given the "gift of obedience" by her obnoxious and misguided fairy godmother, Lucinda .
365	I	This turns out to be more of a curse, making Ella do anything she is told to do, no matter how terrible or physically impossible.
366	B	Some years later, Ella's mother dies after instructing Ella to tell no one of the curse, not even her father.
367	O	Eventually Ella's father  , in need of money, remarries a wealthy socialite.
368	O	His greedy new wife, Dame Olga , and her two spoiled daughters Hattie and Olive  treat Ella poorly.
369	O	They eventually realize Ella's obedience to commands, and begin making her life miserable.
370	O	Ella, now a beautiful young woman, happens to meet Prince Charmont , the young, attractive, and very popular heir to the kingdom; they began to like each other, but Hattie and Olive decide to pursue "Char" themselves.
371	O	Ella cannot bear to live under the obedience spell and Hattie's jealousy a moment longer, so she resolves to find Lucinda, the only one who can remove the spell.
372	O	Mandy , the household fairy and the only other person who knows of the curse, introduces her boyfriend to Ella; he is in the form of a book but can help Ella by showing things such as pictures of people in their current surroundings.
373	O	During her journey, Ella encounters an elf named Slannen , who wants to be a lawyer instead of an entertainer as the kingdom's laws now require.
374	B	Slannen joins Ella on her quest, but they are captured by a group of ogres, who prepare to cook and eat them.
375	B	They are rescued by Prince Charmont.
376	O	He then accompanies her to a wedding in the land of giants, where Ella hopes to find Lucinda.
377	O	As they make their way there, the prince and Ella begin to fall in love.
378	O	They pass a plantation where giants are working as slaves, and Ella tries to open Char's eyes to the cruelty of the new laws oppressing elves and giants.
379	O	There, Ella is forced to perform a rendition of Queen's "Somebody to Love", performed by Freddie Mercury.
380	O	Char then suggests that Ella should come with him to his palace to visit the Hall of Records and track down Lucinda faster.
381	B	At the palace, Charmont's uncle, Sir Edgar , has Ella's "gift" called to his attention by his talking snake, Heston, voiced by , who has been spying on the prince.
382	I	When Edgar offers them Char's hand in marriage, Ella's stepsisters explain that she does everything she is told.
383	B	Edgar knows that Prince Charmont intends to propose marriage to Ella, and he orders her to stab him to death and not to tell anyone of the plan.
384	B	Sir Edgar also reveals that he murdered Prince Charmont's father.
385	O	To prevent the murder of Char, Ella asks Slannen to tie her to a tree outside the city and to find the giants so they can help.
386	O	Lucinda now appears before Ella, who asks her to undo the "gift" of obedience.
387	O	Offended by the request, Lucinda refuses, saying that if Ella no longer wants the spell, she must remove it herself.
388	O	She unties Ella from the tree and gives her a fancy dress and tells her to attend the ball.
389	O	When Ella gets to the ball, Charmont almost immediately takes her to the Hall of Mirrors and asks her to marry him.
390	B	Ella is about to stab him with the dagger Edgar provided, when she realizes how to free herself from the curse: looking into a mirror, she orders herself to no longer be obedient.
391	I	This saves Prince Charmont from his uncle's treachery.
392	B	But Edgar is watching the entire scene behind a two-way mirror, and before Ella can explain to Char why she tried to kill him, he orders the guards in, to lock her up and have her executed in a few days.
393	B	Meanwhile, Slannen gets the giants, and the ogres come to help as well.
394	I	They sneak into the castle just before the coronation.
395	B	They rescue Ella and find out that Sir Edgar is poisoning the crown that is to be put on Char's head in the ceremony.
396	B	When the crown is just inches above his head, Ella barges in along with Slannen and the ogres and screams, "Drop that crown!"
397	I	Edgar and Heston call for knights and the ninja-like Red Guards, and they all battle in the hall against Prince Char, Ella, the ogres, the giants, and Slannen.
398	O	During the fight, Ella has time to explain to Char everything that has happened.
399	O	When Sir Edgar's forces lose the battle, Heston tries to bite Char, but is stopped by Ella and trampled by members of Char's fan club.
400	B	This shows that Ella was telling the truth, and Edgar admits everything to the assembled crowd, saying it was justified because he is the only one fit to wear the crown.
401	B	Then, carried away by his own rhetoric, he puts it dramatically on his own head, and promptly collapses from the poison, although he survives.
402	O	Char and Ella kiss; her stepsisters arrive and order her to stop kissing, and she is delighted to refuse.
403	O	Ella then walks up to Hattie and takes her mother's necklace back from her .
404	O	Char once again asks Ella to marry him, and she agrees.
405	O	The movie ends with their wedding and a musical number .
406	O	The story is told from the viewpoint of Lt. Werner , who has been assigned as a war correspondent on the German submarine U-96 in October 1941.
407	O	He meets its captain , chief engineer , and the crew in a French nightclub.
408	O	Thomsen , another captain, gives a crude drunken speech to celebrate his Ritterkreuz award, in which he openly mocks Winston Churchill and implicitly Adolf Hitler.
409	O	The next morning, they sail out of the harbour of La Rochelle to cheering crowds and a playing band.
410	O	Werner is given a tour of the boat.
411	O	As time passes, he observes ideological differences between the new crew members and the hardened veterans, particularly the captain, who is embittered and cynical about the war.
412	O	The new men, including Werner, are often mocked by the rest of the crew, who share a tight bond.
413	O	After days of boredom, the crew is excited by another U-boat's spotting of an enemy convoy.
414	B	They soon locate a British destroyer, but are bombarded with depth charges.
415	I	They narrowly escape with only light damage.
416	O	The next three weeks are spent enduring a relentless storm.
417	O	Morale drops after what seems like an endless series of misfortunes, but the crew is cheered temporarily by a chance encounter with Thomsen's boat.
418	O	Shortly after the storm ends, the boat encounters a British convoy and quickly launches four torpedoes, sinking two ships.
419	B	However, they are spotted by a destroyer and have to dive below the submarine's rated limit.
420	B	During the depth-charge attack, the chief mechanic, Johann, panics and has to be restrained.
421	O	The boat sustains heavy damage, but is eventually able to safely surface in darkness.
422	B	An enemy tanker remains afloat and on fire, so they torpedo the ship, only to realize that there are still sailors aboard; they watch in horror as the sailors, some on fire, leap overboard and swim towards them.
423	I	Following orders not to take prisoners, the captain gives the command to back the ship away.
424	B	The worn-out U-boat crew looks forward to returning home to La Rochelle in time for Christmas, but the ship is ordered to La Spezia, Italy, which means passing through the Strait of Gibraltar &mdash; an area heavily defended by the Royal Navy.
425	O	The U-boat makes a secret night rendezvous at the harbour of Vigo, in neutral Spain, with the SS Weser, an interned German merchant ship that clandestinely provides U-boats with fuel, torpedoes, and other supplies.
426	O	The filthy officers seem out of place on the opulent luxury liner, but are warmly greeted by enthusiastic officers eager to hear their exploits.
427	B	The captain learns from an envoy of the German consulate that his request for Werner and the chief engineer to be sent back to Germany has been denied.
428	O	The crew finishes resupplying and departs for Italy.
429	B	As they carefully approach Gibraltar and are just about to dive, they are suddenly attacked by a British fighter plane, wounding the navigator.
430	O	The captain orders the boat directly south towards the African coast at full speed.
431	O	British ships begin closing in and she is forced to dive; it is later implied that the ships used HF/DF  to locate the sub.
432	B	When attempting to level off, the boat does not respond and continues to sink until, just before being crushed by the pressure, it lands on a sea shelf, at the staggering depth of 280 metres.
433	I	The crew works desperately to make numerous repairs before running out of oxygen.
434	O	After over 16 hours, they are miraculously able to surface by blowing out their ballast of water, and limp back to La Rochelle under the cover of darkness.
435	O	The crew is pale and weary upon reaching the alternative harbour of La Rochelle on Christmas Eve.
436	B	Shortly after the wounded navigator is taken ashore to a waiting ambulance, Allied planes bomb and strafe the facilities, wounding or killing most of the men.
437	I	Ullmann, Johann and the 2nd Watch Officer are killed.
438	I	Frenssen, Bootsmann Lamprecht and Hinrich are badly wounded.
439	B	After the raid, Werner leaves the U-boat bunker in which he had taken shelter and finds the captain, with multiple bullet wounds and bleeding from the mouth, watching the U-boat sink at the dock.
440	I	The captain collapses after the boat disappears under the water.
441	O	Werner runs to the captain's lifeless body , recoils, and quickly glances around at the destruction, his face frozen with horror.
442	O	Jilian , Carol  and Meg  share a devastating ordeal, they were all rape victims of a vicious killer.
443	O	They decide to help the police in their hunt for the perpetrator.
444	B	However on the first day of his trial he is assassinated by a sniper.
445	O	His death makes suspects of the three women as a murder case enfolds.The Survivor's Club Locate TV.
446	O	Retrieved on 9 October 2010
447	O	The wife of a bookseller gives advice about picking up woman to her husband's friend  over the phone.
448	O	She advises him simply to follow the first pretty woman he sees.
449	B	Unfortunately, when he takes her advice, she is the girl in the crowd he ends up following, leading to his arrest.
450	O	Don Quixote  is a don who plans on selling India in a widely publicized auction.
451	O	His plan is simple &mdash; kidnap the president , replace him with a lookalike , throw a scare and "force" the fake president to sell India.
452	O	Hero  is new to Mumbai and broke.
453	O	Miss India  is busy living it up the night she meets Hero.
454	O	They meet and decide to spend the night entertaining each other in any way possible &mdash; joking, dancing or doing anything they can think of.
455	O	Meanwhile, Don Quixote's son Prince  has set his eyes on Miss India, who thwarts all his overtures.
456	O	The night turns out to be an adventurous one for Hero and Miss India.
457	B	Hero discovers that Miss India's father is a drunkard who wants her to enter prostitution, while Miss India discovers that Hero has brain tumor.
458	O	When they find out Quixote's plans, they decide to save the president.
459	B	Quixote gets killed and Prince takes his throne.
460	B	Prince decides to continue his father's plan.
461	B	Some people previously rescued by Hero and Miss India kill the fake president.
462	B	Prince suddenly makes an entry with his henchmen.
463	O	Hero, Miss India and their friends successfully overpower the cronies while Hero kills Prince.
464	O	Finally, Hero makes a makeshift parachute and jumps from the building with Miss India.
465	O	During the jump, Hero declares that he is glad to be alive.
466	B	When Miss India reminds him that he has brain tumor, Hero tells her that the X-ray she saw was taken eight years ago.
467	O	Photographer Bob Griffioen  is in Afghanistan with his girlfriend when they witness rebels attacking a car.
468	B	His girlfriend wants to flee the scene but he wants to photograph it, resulting in his girlfriend being killed.
469	O	Later, Bob is doing nature photography in the dunes near a beach on the island of Texel.
470	O	The beach appears to be deserted, until he sees the naked Kathleen  emerging from the sea.
471	O	He boldly photographs her.
472	O	A little disturbed she asks whether he has photographed her.
473	O	He denies it, but she sees the photographs on his camera screen.
474	O	She says he should undress too because it is a nude beach, just like one should be dressed when in the street.
475	O	He takes off his shirt only.
476	O	Kathleen is paid by an older man  for allowing him to watch her fingering herself.
477	O	She also socialises with the gang.
478	O	Bob meddles with the gang's affairs and uninvitedly comes to their parties.
479	B	This causes the gang to get hostile to him: they throw him into the water, damage his belongings in the house where he is staying, and kidnap him.
480	B	Accidentally the kidnapper gets killed.
481	O	Bob throws him into a shallow lake in the dunes, with a heavy bag with drugs strapped to his body to keep him underwater.
482	B	Bob and Kathleen have sex, although he is not sure on which side she is, especially when she steals the gun Bob had taken from his kidnapper.
483	I	Later she lies to Bob that she has got rid of it.
484	B	Kathleen refuses fingering herself in front of the older man anymore, after which he forces her, threatening with a gun.
485	B	A moment later he has been shot.
486	O	According to Kathleen it was suicide.
487	B	Bob and Kathleen are both kidnapped, but due to the gun Kathleen has with her they can escape.
488	O	Bob now trusts her.
489	O	Together they flee the island: Kathleen pretends to have a stroke , and they are taken off the island by a medical emergency helicopter.
490	O	Later they live together abroad, and a suitcase with money is brought to them as a reward for what they did on Texel.
491	O	A melodrama about a man who chooses the career of a police officer in spite of his girlfriend's objection and social stigma.
492	O	After he is injured in the line of duty, he and his girlfriend get married.Synopsis based on {{cite web}}
493	O	The story is told in flashback.
494	O	CIA agent Marcus Jones recounts his final mission in the form of a confession to a Catholic priest .
495	O	The mission begins when Jones's mentor in the CIA, Dietrich, informs him that his next assignment is to gather intelligence for the possible prosecution of American citizens Frank Smith, an arms dealer, and John Redvale, a hedge fund manager.
496	O	Jones succeeds in being hired as Smith's bodyguard and accompanies Smith to the Redvale building, where Smith is supposed to obtain $100,000,000 in cash.
497	B	Unknown assailants attack the vehicle in which Smith and Jones are travelling.
498	B	While Jones is distracted, Dietrich, flying above them in a helicopter with several other CIA agents, discovers that the others are traitors when they kill him.
499	O	They are after the $100,000,000.
500	B	Jones and Smith survive the attack partly because Smith has a heart attack just as it begins.
501	B	The driver is killed; Jones takes the wheel, loses the killers, and drives Smith to Detroit Medical Center, where he is provided with lifesaving care.
502	B	The CIA traitors show up and begin killing hospital staff.
503	O	Jones, the primary target of the killers, eludes them and manages to take several of them out until Floria  takes him prisoner and takes him to new team leader Zander .
504	B	Jones is knocked unconscious and left to take the blame for deaths, while Smith is taken, along with a doctor  to meet Redvale  so that the killers can get his $100,000,000.
505	O	Redvale decides the best course of action is to let the killers have the money, then hunt them down and kill them many years later.
506	O	Meanwhile, Jones steals an ambulance and drives to Redvale's building to save the doctor and eliminate his former team members.
507	O	Accomplishing both of these missions, Jones then eludes scores of Detroit Police Department officers and escapes with a bag which contains approximately $25,000,000.
508	O	As Jones leaves the cathedral and the priest to whom he made confession, he leaves the bag behind.
509	O	Walking past the basketball court, a young man tosses a basketball to him, which reminds Jones that God isn't through with him yet.
510	B	Peter Huber , the proprietor of a Bavarian corner newsstand, wins a free trip to New York City in a magazine contest, he is overjoyed.
511	O	Filled with romantic ideas from the movies, his actual encounter with the gritty realities of the Big Apple are sobering.
512	O	Nonetheless, he is in for the adventure of his life.
513	O	First, he meets Karola Faber , the German wife of a U.S. G.I.
514	O	who has found life in the States not all it’s cracked up to be: she has left her husband and makes her living through prostitution.
515	O	Peter and Karola visit the local German émigré community’s Oktoberfest, and win the festival’s King and Queen crown.
516	B	Their prize is a cow, which accompanies them on their further journeys in New York City.
517	O	The movie is a contemporary take on the life of a couple and their journey through time and how they have to fight the eternal battle of good over evil and how they win with support from a set of dear friends.The protagonist of the film is Sawanth , a radio jockey.
518	O	His wife is a teacher and a social worker.
519	B	On returning from a three week foreign trip, he is shocked to discover that his wife and her co-worker had died in an accident.
520	O	Sawanth cannot convince himself this is merely an accident and commences an investigation.The film is a very interesting thriller.It is one of the most critically acclaimed films of the decade in Kannada cinema.
521	O	In Northern Italy in 1944, the entire population of the village of Reanoto is massacred by the SS for helping the Italian resistance movement.
522	O	The only survivors are a group of young boys in ages from 7 to 14 led by Aldo  who witness the mass execution and vow revenge.
523	O	That night, a detachment of US Army paratrooper saboteurs jump into the area with a mission to destroy a strategic dam with the partisans prior to the Fifth United States Army's advance into the area.
524	B	Their drop zone has been discovered by the Germans, who kill them all except the leader of the paratroopers, Captain Turner , who is rendered unconscious and goes unnoticed by the Germans when he lands in the branches of a tree.
525	I	The Germans capture the demolition equipment from the dead Americans.
526	O	Aldo and his friends rescue Turner by spiriting him away from the ambush.
527	O	Realising that Turner needs medical attention, they kidnap a German female doctor  to nurse him to health, and keeping her captive even after Turner's recovery.
528	O	In order to avenge the massacre, Aldo wants the American Captain to train him and his friends in the use of military weapons and tactics.
529	O	Turner uses the opportunity as a second chance to complete his sabotage mission, using the boys instead of his late command.
530	O	He has the boys steal the captured American demolition gear from the Germans, but Aldo hides the detonators until Turner leads them in their revenge.
531	O	Turner and his "Dead End Kids" are pursued by Wehrmacht Captain Von Hecht , a professional soldier who is against the methods of the SS, which he considers to be counter-productive.
532	O	{{main}} The film is a biopic on life on Balgandharva showing his struggles through poverty to riches and fame.
533	O	Narayan Rajhans while in a public performance of his singing at Pune receives his new honour and name "Balgandharva".
534	O	On advise of Shahu Maharaj, the king of Kolhapur state, he starts his formal training and joins Kirloskar Natak Mandali.
535	O	Narayan wins claps of his audiences and becomes the key performer of all Sangeet Nataks.
536	O	To please his insistent mother Narayan marries Laxmi.
537	B	On the opening day  of his play Sangeet Manapamaan, his infant daughter dies.
538	B	But he goes ahead with the performance and enthralls the audience.
539	O	Due to disputes in the company Narayan decides to start his own company named Gandharva Sangeet Mandali.
540	O	Fully devoting himself towards his passion of drama and singing he overlooks his family.
541	O	Giving audience's satisfaction key priority he starts spending money without any considerations.
542	O	He looses many of his friends because of such attitude.
543	O	He blindly believes in Balasaheb Pandit, who keeps his company's accounts.
544	O	Narayan's carefree nature results in his bankruptcy.
545	O	Meeting Gohar Bai, who is his fan, he falls in love with her and leaves his wife and family.
546	O	With his old age, he also looses the charm of holding audiences.
547	O	When cinema is introduced, theatre fails to grab audiences.
548	O	Balgandharva also signs contract with V. Shantaram's Prabhat Film Company to act in films.
549	O	Money in films would also reduce his economic burden.
550	O	But he never likes the methodologies of film production and abandons it after only one film where he plays the lead role of Sant Eknath.
551	O	Looking at his poverty many Royalties pay him honorary amounts in order to repay his debts.
552	B	But he in turn donates this money to other charities.
553	O	A Los Angeles District Attorney  is attempting to take an unwilling murder witness  back to the United States from Canada to testify against a top-level mob boss.
554	B	Frantically attempting to escape two deadly hit men sent to silence her, they board a Vancouver-bound train only to find the killers are on board with them.
555	O	For the next 20 hours, as the train hurls through the beautiful but isolated Canadian wilderness, a deadly game of cat and mouse ensues in which their ability to tell friend from foe is a matter of life and death.
556	O	The film opens with a brief glimpse of a copper refinery owned by Thor Carlsson .
557	O	The metal is shipped out on Carlsson Copper trains that run right behind a young boy's house, who stares out forlornly at the tracks.
558	O	The film resumes at the University of Pennsylvania in 1987.
559	O	A blonde student, Dorothy Carlsson  doodles in her notebook during class, drawing herself being married to a suitor.
560	O	After class, she changes into a more formal outfit, and runs into her friend Patricia Farren  on her way out.
561	O	Patricia asks if she is going to meet her "mystery man", but Dorothy claims she is just going to meet her father for lunch.
562	O	On her way across town, Dorothy asks the cab to wait while she buys a new pair of shoes.
563	O	At city hall, she meets Jonathan Corliss .
564	O	The couple go up to the marriage license bureau, but it is closed for lunch.
565	O	They discuss how her father would disown her if he knew what she was doing.
566	O	Jonathan convinces her to wait for the office to reopen on the roof of the building.
567	B	Eventually, he tosses her over the edge, taking her gold lighter and cigarettes, leaving her purse and tossing her new shoes after her plunging body.
568	O	In the lobby, he mails a letter and calmly walks past her body as the crowd gathers.
569	B	Thor and his daughter Ellen, Dorothy's twin sister, are shocked to find out Dorothy was pregnant and to read Dorothy's suicide note, which was mailed the day she died.
570	I	Ellen cannot believe that her sister would kill herself.
571	O	Jonathan returns to his working class home in Pittsburgh.
572	O	He has a portfolio of clippings regarding the Carlsson family and fortunes, particularly the suicides of Thor's wife and son.
573	O	He promises his mother that he will make something of his life, and then he hitches to New York.
574	O	He gets a ride from Jay Farraday  who reveals that he is a bohemian drifter whose parents had died on Korean Air Lines Flight 007.
575	O	The film jumps forward four months and follows Ellen as she works at Castle House, a shelter and outreach program working to help troubled kids and prostitutes.
576	O	Ellen takes off from the night shift to visit Philadelphia and investigate Dorothy's death.
577	O	She meets with Detective Dan Corelli  and shows her the drawing Dorothy had made in class of her wedding.
578	O	Because the drawing is dated on the day she died, and given the fact that the building houses a marriage license bureau, Ellen believes Dorothy had no motive to kill herself, and that the suicide note must have been mailed as a cover.
579	O	She believes that Dorothy must have been lured to her death with the promise of marriage, and that her killer was her boyfriend.
580	O	Det.
581	O	Corelli dismisses her theory, and Ellen returns to the UPenn campus, speaking with Patricia, who reveals that Dorothy had been dating some mystery man.
582	O	Patricia's tip leads Ellen to the law library where she meets Dorothy's ex-boyfriend Tommy Roussell .
583	O	Tommy explains that he had a breakdown after his relationship with Dorothy ended, and he was out of school when she died.
584	O	He remembered that she was dating a new man, and he takes her back to his apartment in order to show her the yearbook photo of the man she was dating.
585	O	Ellen waits outside Tommy's building, while Jonathan silently stalks her in his car.
586	B	Tommy finds Jonathan's photo in the yearbook, but as he heads downstairs, Jonathan surprises him and strangles Tommy with his belt.
587	I	He types a suicide note that admits to killing Dorothy on Tommy's computer and strings his body up.
588	O	Ellen seems convinced that Tommy must have killed Dorothy.
589	O	Back in New York, she gets ready for bed, when her boyfriend comes over.
590	B	Jonathan has assumed the identity of Jay Faraday and begun a relationship with Ellen.
591	O	The pair seem quite happy, and she has no idea who he really is.
592	O	As their relationship develops, they work together at Castle House, and Jay manages to impress Thor with his ambition and good nature.
593	O	Ellen and Jay marry, and he begins to work for Carlsson Copper.
594	B	One day, he intercepts a phone call from Patricia, who is heading to New York because she has remembered the identity of Dorothy's boyfriend at the time that she died.
595	B	Jay claims that Ellen is out of town, but arranges for Patricia to wait in her hotel room for a call from Ellen the next day at 6:30 p.m. At that time, he attacks Patricia, strangling her and dismembering her body in the bathtub.
596	O	He stuffs her carcass in a suitcase, and packs it in the trunk of his car, before going out on a date with Ellen.
597	O	After dropping Ellen off back home, he dumps the suitcase off of a bridge into the East River.
598	O	A police detective visits Ellen to ask if Patricia had contacted her.
599	O	He is investigating her disappearance, and Ellen's name and number were in Patricia's diary.
600	O	The disappearance strikes Ellen as one coincidence too many.
601	O	She calls Tommy's parents and confirms that he was institutionalized at the time of Dorothy's death.
602	O	She then asks Det.
603	O	Corelli to reopen the investigation, but he turns up nothing new.
604	B	One night when she is at a bar with Jay, one of his co-workers from a burger joint back at UPenn recognizes him as Jonathan Corliss.
605	O	Jay insists that he is mistaken, eventually hitting him.
606	O	The incident deeply unsettles Ellen, who digs up an old UPenn yearbook, where she finds a picture of Jonathan, confirming that he looks identical to Jay.
607	O	She tracks down Jonathan's mother, who explains that Jonathan died three years ago.
608	O	Ellen visits Jonathan's mother in the house where he grew up, and hears about his childhood.
609	O	After the mother leaves, Ellen sneaks back into the house to snoop around Jonathan's room.
610	O	She finds his suitcase of clippings about her family, which also contains her sister's lighter.
611	B	Jonathan has followed her back to his home, and he confesses that he killed Jay Faraday and assumed his identity since no one would miss him.
612	O	He had planned to position himself in the Carlsson lineage by marrying Dorothy, but her unplanned pregnancy had meant that she would be disinherited.
613	O	He unties his belt and approaches Ellen explaining that he will simply have to comfort her father as he loses another child.
614	B	Ellen manages to escape, fleeing out the back of the house and up to the train tracks.
615	B	Jonathan pursues her and is run over by a Carlsson train.
616	B	The film circles around four medical students who, while out partying one night, spike the drink of an unknowing and loner colleague nicknamed "Freakdog"; it turned out to be a very powerful sedative that accidentally puts him into a coma.
617	I	The students, not wanting to be involved or else risk their futures for their crime, abandon his body on a road and drive off as fast as they can, hoping someone will come across his body and help him.
618	B	When they learn about his condition becoming fatal, one of the students  attempts to revive him using an experimental drug.
619	I	The result has horrible and unintended consequences which leads to the colleague having out of body experiences that seem to possess the students who poisoned him and abandoned him, which he is using as means to exact vengeance by possessing their bodies and through them, framing them for murdering each other while they desperately find a way to stop him.
620	O	{{Anchor}} Nick Brady and Shawn Colfax  are two popular football players at the fictional Gerald R. Ford High School who manage to get out of football camp and con their way into the cheerleading squad after overhearing a conversation about the camp's abundant female population of 300 cheerleaders.
621	O	Their objective is to infiltrate the cheerleading camp in order to meet girls.
622	B	While at cheer camp, Nick and Shawn realize that they actually enjoy cheering and they start to care about their squad as well as the cheer competition.
623	O	Shawn develops feelings for the head cheerleader, Carly Davidson  and Nick chases after Diora , their camp coach's wife.
624	B	Carly and the rest of the squad find out about the boys' true motives for attending cheer camp.
625	I	Carly's boyfriend, Dr. Rick ([[David Walton , also reveals that Nick and Shawn initially planned to leave cheer camp before the cheer competition.
626	O	Nick and Shawn leave camp after being ejected from the squad.
627	O	While attending a party at their friend's house, Nick and Shawn finds out that they are genuinely fond of cheer camp and want their squad to succeed.
628	O	Nick and Shawn decide to return to cheer camp and help the squad in the cheer competition.
629	B	While Nick and Shawn are doing their routine, Carly notices Rick is cheating on her with their rivals' head cheerleader.
630	O	Shawn and Carly later focus all of their attention to the routine.
631	O	The squad's routine results in their best finish yet, despite a botched attempt to execute the "Fountain of Troy" maneuver.
632	O	When the squad go for executing the forbidden maneuver, Shawn accidentally goes for a triple backflip instead of a double like Carly and backflips into the water in front of them.
633	B	The crowd gasps at the impact and the squad rushes to help, but Shawn manages to emerge and yells "Tigers!"
634	I	before losing consciousness.
635	O	Although the squad did not win the contest, they place ten spots better than they did last year.
636	O	The film ends when Nick and Shawn ends up with their girls with Shawn and Carly sharing their kiss.
637	O	 In the 1930's, James Henry Trotter is a young boy who lives with his parents by the sea in the United Kingdom.
638	O	On James's birthday, they plan to go to New York City and visit the Empire State Building, the tallest building in the world.
639	B	However, his parents are later killed by a ghostly rhinoceros from the sky and finds himself living with his two cruel aunts, Spiker and Sponge.
640	I	He is forced to work all day and they threaten him with beatings to keep him in line and taunt him about the mysterious rhino and other hazards if he tries to leave.
641	B	While rescuing a spider from being squashed by his aunts, James meets a mysterious man with a bag of magic green "crocodile tongues", which he gives to James to make his life better.
642	I	The soldier warns him not to lose the "tongues" and disappears.
643	B	When James is returning to the house, he trips and the "tongues" escape into the ground.
644	B	One peach is soon found on a withered old tree, and grows into immense proportions.
645	I	Spiker and Sponge use the giant peach as an attraction, making lots of money as James watches from the house, not allowed to leave.
646	O	That night, James is sent to pick up the garbage.
647	O	While doing so, he grabs a chunk of the peach to eat as one of the "crocodile tongues" jumps into it.
648	B	A large hole appears inside the peach and James crawls inside, where he finds and befriends a group of life-size anthropomorphic bugs who also dream of an ideal home .
649	B	As they hear the aunts search for James, Centipede manages to cut the stem holding the giant peach to the tree and the peach rolls away to the Atlantic Ocean with James and his friends inside it, seemingly squashing Spiker and Sponge's antique car as they try to chase it.
650	O	Remembering his dream to visit New York City, James and the insects decide to go there.
651	O	They use Miss Spider's silk to capture and tie a hundred seagulls to the peach stem, while battling against a giant robotic shark.
652	O	They escape just in time.
653	O	While flying, James and his friends eventually find themselves hungry and soon realize that "their whole ship is made out of food".
654	B	After gorging most of the inside of the peach, Miss Spider, while using her web to tuck in James, reveals to him that she was the spider he saved from Spiker and Sponge.
655	O	James then has a nightmare of him as a caterpillar attacked by Spiker, Sponge, and the rhino.
656	B	When he wakes up, he and his friends find themselves in Antarctica, lost and cold.
657	I	The Centipede has fallen asleep while keeping watch, resulting in them further away from their destination than ever.
658	O	After hearing the Grasshoper wishing they had a compass, Centipede jumps off the peach into the icy water below and searches a sunken ship.
659	B	He finds a compass but is taken prisoner by a group of skeletal pirates.
660	O	James and Miss Spider rescue him and the journey continues.
661	O	As the group finally reaches New York City, a storm appears.
662	B	A flash of lightning reveals the rhino approaching towards them.
663	I	James is terrified but faces his fears and gets his friends to safety before the rhino strikes the peach with lightning; The strings keeping the seagulls attached to the peach are cut and the peach falls to the city, dragging James with it.
664	I	James coughs up the crocodile tongue as he reawakens, and emerges from the peach realizing it has landed right on top of the Empire State Building.
665	O	After being rescued by the police and firefighters, Spiker and Sponge arrive, supposedly having driven their car across the seabed, and attempt to take back James and the peach.
666	O	James stands up to Spiker and Sponge, and they attempt to kill James.
667	O	Using the remaining seagulls, the bugs arrive in New York City.
668	O	They tie up Spiker and Sponge with Miss Spider's silk and the police arrest them both.
669	O	James introduces his friends and allows the children of New York to eat up the peach.
670	O	The peach stone is made into a house in Central Park, where James lives with the bugs and has the friends he could wish for.
671	O	Centipede runs for New York mayor, Grasshopper becomes a professional violinist, Earthworm becomes a mascot for a new cream, Ladybug becomes a nurse, Glowworm lights up the Statue of Liberty, Miss Spider owns a club called "Spider Club", and James celebrates his 8th birthday with his new family.
672	O	In a post-credits scene, a new arcade game called "Spike the Aunts" is shown, featuring the rhino.
673	B	After last robbery, Olsen Gang went to Majorca, but without any money, as Benny and Kjeld accidentally threw loot to the garbage bin.
674	B	Egon breaks to the local restaurant to get back on track with the finances, unfortunately he's caught and whole gang returns to Denmark.
675	B	After some time Egon is released; Kjeld and Benny are waiting for him but Egon abandons them: He has been hired by Stock Broker Holm Hansen to open a safe in Switzerland belonging to his deceased associate.
676	O	Egon demands 25% of the value equivalent of the contents of the safe as payment for his work.
677	B	Holm Hansen agree, but has his Swiss henchman double-cross Egon once the safe is open and leave him at the mercy of the Swiss police.
678	B	Egon escapes though, and makes it back to Denmark, where he reunites with Benny and Kjeld with a new plan to exact revenge and claim his payment.
679	O	The safe held the Bedford Diamonds, an extremely valuable collection of jewelry, much sought-after as an inflation-proof investment for cash and wanted by police all over the world.
680	O	Holm Hansen sells the diamonds to an Arabian Oil Sheikh for 15 million dollars.
681	O	Using a boat, a bus and one hundred balloons, the Gang manage to snatch the diamonds under the very nose of the Sheikh and his police escort.
682	B	Egon, knowing that the diamonds cannot legally be sold, plan instead to use them to extort 50% of the 15 million from Holm Hansen, but is foiled by Yvonne, who has hidden the diamonds and replaced them with worthless souvenirs.
683	O	Holm Hansen concludes that Egon is raving mad, but far too knowledgeable about his businesses and orders his henchman "Bøffen" to make Egon "disappear and stay gone forever".
684	B	Bøffen captures Egon and attempts to drown him in the Copenhagen harbor, but Egon is saved in the nick of time by Benny and Kjeld.
685	O	Egon how has a final plan.
686	O	With Benny and Kjeld disguised as police officers and Egon playing captive, the Gang confronts Holm Hansen.
687	O	With Holm Hansen distracted by Benny, Egon and Kjeld open his safe and replace the 15 million dollars with the diamonds.
688	B	Realizing he has been played, Holm Hansen calls the real police, which promptly arrest him on finding the Bedford Diamonds in his possession.
689	O	The Gang subsequently escapes to Majorca with the money.
690	O	Jon Jon  sees a ripe opportunity for a major party when he snags the job house-sitting for his rich Uncle Charles.
691	O	The mansion comes with a platinum colored Mercedes-Benz 430 and, although Uncle Charles has told him not to drive the car or have people over, Jon Jon wastes no time in doing both; Jon Jon is not only having an "entertainment party", but he's auditioning his hip-hop band  for a record executive.
692	B	When Jon Jon finds out his uncle is coming home earlier than announced, he has to race against time to try to put everything back the way he found it.
693	B	{{plot}} A tourist, Vera Brandt , is chased and beheaded in the Swiss countryside.
694	O	Eight months later Jennifer Corvino , arrives at the Swiss Richard Wagner Academy for Girls, chaperoned by Frau Brückner , who places her with roommate Sophie .
695	B	While sleepwalking through the academy and out onto the roof, Jennifer witnesses a student being murdered.
696	I	She awakens and falls, fleeing and eventually becoming lost in the woods.
697	O	Forensic entomologist John McGregor 's chimpanzee attendant Inga ([[Tanga  finds her and leads her to him.
698	O	Witnessing her apparent interaction with his insects, McGregor comes to believe she has a special gift for telepathy with them.
699	B	Following an ilicit tryst the same night, Sophie is murdered.
700	B	When other students taunt Jennifer for her connection to insects, she summons a swarm of flies which covers the entire building, then faints.
701	B	Convinced that Jennifer is insane and possibly responsible for the killings, the headmistress arranges for her to be transferred to a mental hospital for the criminally insane.
702	I	Jennifer flees to McGregor's home just in time to evade the transfer.
703	O	McGregor gives to Jennifer a glass case with a Great Sarcophagus fly, which is drawn to decaying human flesh, and suggests she use it to help track the murderer.
704	B	Later that night, McGregor is murdered in his home after Inga is distracted and locked outside.
705	O	With nowhere left to go, Jennifer calls her father's lawyer Morris Shapiro for help.
706	O	He alerts Brückner, who finds Jennifer and offers the girl to stay at her house overnight.
707	B	Once there Brückner whacks Jennifer unconscious with a piece of wood and incarcerates her in the house.
708	B	Jennifer engineers her escape through a large hole in the floor that leads through a tunnel to a dungeon and in the basement, she finds Brückner's son, Patua , with a hideously deformed face.
709	O	He chases Jennifer onto a motorboat and attempts to kill her, but she summons a swarm of flies that attack him.
710	B	Brückner exposes that her son was the one killing the school girls and that she killed McGregor to try to stop the girl's investigation.
711	B	Suddenly McGregor's chimpanzee Inga attacks Brückner and kills her with a razor.
712	O	In the medival era, a witch named Mamba is tortured and skinned alive in punishment for her crimes.
713	O	Her skin and organs are then used to make a cursed game.
714	O	If a player wins the game they are granted a wish, however if a player loses the game they are killed in a fashion predicted by the game.
715	O	Present day, Jason , while shopping with his friend Tomas  and Tomas' girlfriend Lisa , acquires the board game from a handicapped shop owner called Malek .
716	O	The three friends travel back to Tomas' beachfront house, and at night a party occurs on the beach.
717	O	Jason meets Erica , before it begins to rain, causing most of the partiers to leave, leaving behind only Jason, Erica, Tomas, Lisa, Elena , Miguel  and Pablo .
718	O	Erica suggests that the group should play the game, to which they all agree.
719	O	However, Pablo is soon eliminated and takes Tomas' car to go to the shop and get beer.
720	B	On his travel, Pablo stops to urinate, but falls over the edge of a cliff.
721	I	He survives the fall, but is barely alive.
722	B	A group of crabs then attack Pablo, gouging out his eyes and killing him.
723	O	Meanwhile, Miguel, Lisa, Elena and Tomas also lose the game, before Detective Izar  arrives and alerts the group of Pablo's death, cutting the game short.
724	O	The group attend Pablo's funeral, where Erica realizes his death mirrors the games prediction.
725	O	Soon after, Tomas, Lisa and Miguel travel to a wood-cutting factory, that belongs to Miguel's family but is currently empty, to have a photo shoot.
726	O	While Lisa models, she feels unwell and stops the photo shoot and leaves with Tomas.
727	B	After their departure, Miguel is attacked by snakes.
728	I	He attempts to climb a stack of logs, but a snake bites him and he falls into a large group of snakes that kill him with their venomous bites.
729	O	Meanwhile, Jason and Erica start up a romance.
730	B	While they are in Jason's car they witness ghostly versions of Pablo and Miguel, before they receive a call from Tomas telling them of Miguel's death.
731	O	Jason and Erica meet Tomas, Lisa and Elena at Tomas' apartment where they tell the others they suspect the group are dying because of the game.
732	O	Tomas, Lisa and Elena remain skeptical to the idea however.
733	O	After Jason, Erica and Elena have left, Lisa becomes more ill. Tomas tends to her, before the pair go to bed.
734	B	The following morning, Lisa has aged significantly into an old woman and is rushed to hospital.
735	O	Jason, Erica and Elena arrive at the hospital and tell Detective Izar their theory about the game.
736	O	They then go in to see Lisa.
737	O	Elena becomes distraught at her appearance and about her friends deaths, leaving despite Tomas' attempts to get her to stay.
738	O	Lisa soon dies, prompting Jason, Erica and Tomas to seek answers from Malek.
739	B	They find Malek at his home where he is no longer handicapped.
740	O	He explains to them that he won the game and wished to no longer be handicapped.
741	B	Meanwhile, Elena is traveling home to Milan in her car when she is involved in a car accident.
742	I	Her car leaks gas, and a broken electrical wire ignites it, burning Elena to death.
743	O	Jason, Erica and Tomas go to Jason's house where they find Detective Izar looking for the game.
744	O	Jason and Erica escape with it, but Tomas is caught by the Detective, who puts him in the trunk of his car.
745	B	Later, Jason receives a call from the Detective demanding the game in return for Tomas, but Tomas attempts to escape and the Detective shoots him dead.
746	O	At Tomas' beachfront house, Jason and Erica decide to play the game in hope that they can win and wish for it to be a week in the past, so their friends would be alive.
747	O	Erica is eliminated, and realizes her death will involve the sea.
748	O	Jason wins the game, and will get his wish as long as he passes the game onto another person.
749	B	Jason and Erica go to bed, but Erica discovers she must die for Jason to get his wish, so she enters the sea.
750	O	Jason wakes up and rushes out to save her, but Detective Izar shows up and takes the game away and leaves.
751	B	Erica then emerges from the sea and reveals herself to be Mamba, granting Jason his wish.
752	B	However, Jason and his friends then become trapped, forced to relive the week again and again.
753	O	The story, set during the Cold War, involves the conflict between the Norwegian ninjas, King Olav V's secret army tasked to maintain Norway's independence, and a clandestine stay-behind group who carry out false flag operations that get blamed on Communists.
754	O	Peter Hale  is returning to America from overseas via steamship to receive his inheritance.
755	O	On board, he receives a telegram warning him to beware the Double Cross.
756	O	He doesn't know what it means, until he becomes enamored of a mysterious woman occupying cabin no.7.
757	B	When a submarine is sighted, there is panic on shipboard.
758	B	Peter and the mysterious woman are thrown together, and in the ensuing action, he sees a double cross symbol on her right arm, just below the shoulder.
759	O	When the ship arrives in New York, Peter loses track of the woman.
760	O	His father's will stipulates that he is to marry a woman, "perfect in mind and body," who has been selected for him.
761	B	She will reveal herself to him when the time comes, and he will know her by the sign of thee double cross on her arm.
762	I	If anyone else marries her, then that person will inherit the Hale fortune.
763	B	Pondering this in his hotel room, Peter overhears Bridgely Bentley , a gangster and social pirate, reveal a plan to bilk Herbert Brewster out of some valuable land.
764	O	Brewster is unaware that there are valuable oil reserves beneath the land.
765	O	Peter knows Brewster, who was a friend of Pete's father.
766	O	Peter races ahead and obtains an option on the property to keep Bridgely from carrying out his scheme, thereby earning his enmity.
767	B	But Peter also finds that Brewster's daughter, Phillipa, is the woman he met on board the ship.
768	B	He begins to woo her, but is puzzled by how she at times accepts his courtship, and the next minute, rejects him, claiming that they have never met.
769	B	When he tries to confront her, a Masked Stranger intervenes, telling him he must be true to the girl of the Double Cross.
770	B	Bentley finds the original letter sent to Peter and realizes that if he can marry the girl of the Double Cross, the Hale fortune will be his.
771	O	The rest of the serial plays variations on these conflicts.
772	O	Rather than traditional cliffhangers—the death traps are usually foiled in the course of each episode—the chapters end on an air of mystery or tension about what exactly is going on.
773	O	The story of Ji-su who life was torn by two women in his life.
774	O	One of them is his step-sister and the other is a barroom dancer named Kyung-ja.
775	O	Elwood P. Dowd  is a middle-aged, amiable  individual whose best friend is an invisible 6' 3.5" tall rabbit named Harvey.
776	O	As described by Dowd, Harvey is a pooka, a benign but mischievous creature from Celtic mythology who is especially fond of social outcasts .
777	O	Elwood has driven his sister and niece  to distraction by introducing everyone he meets to his friend, Harvey.
778	O	His family seems to be unsure whether Dowd's obsession with Harvey is a product of his  propensity to drink or perhaps mental illness.
779	O	Elwood spends most of his time in the local bar, and throughout the film invites new acquaintances to join him for a drink .
780	O	Interestingly, the barman and all regulars accept the existence of Harvey, and the barman asks how they both are and unflinchingly accepts an order from Elwood for two Martinis.
781	O	His sister, Veta Louise Simmons , tries to have Elwood committed to a sanatorium.
782	B	In exasperation, she admits to the attending psychiatrist Dr. Lyman Sanderson  that, after so many years of putting up with the invisible rabbit, she sees Harvey every once in a while.
783	I	This causes Dr. Sanderson to let Elwood out and lock Veta up.
784	O	After sorting out the mistake, Dr. Chumley, head of the sanatorium  decides that to save the reputation of the sanatorium he must bring Elwood back.
785	O	At one point, when her daughter asks how someone possibly could imagine a rabbit, Veta says to her "Myrtle Mae, you have a lot to learn and I hope you never learn it".
786	O	When tracked down, Elwood goes through several ordeals, although he remains largely oblivious to the plans put in place for him by Dr. Chumley, Judge Gaffney  and Veta Louise.
787	O	In a poignant scene where Dr. Sanderson and his nurse Miss Kelly  follow Elwood into an alley at the back of his and Harvey's favorite bar, Charlie's, Elwood tells the incredible story of how he came to meet Harvey, and explains the way in which people react when they meet them.
788	O	In a later scene, he gives Dr. Chumley an insight into his philosophy of life: {{Quote}} Elwood also explains that Harvey has the power to stop time: "Did I tell you he could stop clocks?
789	O	Well, you've heard the expression 'His face would stop a clock'?
790	O	Well, Harvey can look at your clock and stop it.
791	O	And you can go anywhere you like — with anyone you like — and stay as long as you like.
792	O	And when you get back, not one minute will have ticked by.
793	O	... You see, science has overcome time and space.
794	O	Well, Harvey has overcome not only time and space — but any objections."
795	O	In the final scene of the film, Elwood  arrives back at the hospital.
796	O	By this point, Dr. Chumley is not only convinced of Harvey's existence, but has begun spending time with him on his own, with a mixture of admiration and fear.
797	O	Dr. Sanderson convinces Elwood to come into his office where he will receive a serum called Formula 977 that will stop Dowd from "seeing the rabbit".
798	O	As they are preparing for the injection, Elwood's sister is told by their cab driver about all the other people he has driven to the sanatorium to receive the same medicine, warning her that Elwood will become "just a normal human being.
799	O	And you know what stinkers they are."
800	B	Upset by the very thought of this, Veta halts the procedure by banging on the examining room door, at which point Elwood comforts her and explains her tears to others with, "Veta's all tired out, she's done a lot today".
801	O	As Elwood is leaving, Dr Chumley asks Elwood for Harvey's help, and Elwood, being the obliging fellow he is, makes no objection.
802	B	Dr Chumley, arm in arm with an invisible companion, asks 'Have you ever been to Akron?'.
803	O	This implied that Harvey will now use his power to stop clocks and mystically transport Dr Chumley to a personal paradise, in Akron, Ohio.
804	O	After the gates to 'Chumley's Rest' are closed, and Elwood is leaving, he stops, turns around and has a conversation with an invisible Harvey, who is already back from his trip to Akron and reaffirms their friendship.
805	O	Elwood and his invisible companion saunter off towards the bus stop, following Veta and Myrtle Mae, towards the planned last stop of Charlie's Bar and another drink.
806	B	Lynn Schaffer is a loving mother and wife, who gets arrested for a crime she did not realize she had committed.
807	O	She does not take the arrest seriously at first.
808	O	Viewing herself as innocent, she goes against the advice of her lawyer to take a plea-bargain.
809	O	Instead she opts for a trial.
810	B	Coming as a complete surprise to her, she is convicted, receives the maximum sentence of 10 years and is and sent to a women's prison, leaving behind her husband Larry and daughter Carey.
811	O	In prison, she has difficulty adjusting to not having any privacy and having to deal with drug addicts and prostitutes but soon finds out that the prison is corrupt, with Sergeant Ed Crang and other prison guards often sexually abusing inmates.
812	O	Lynn is determined to stop this, but Larry advises her to not interfere, pointing out that she could be free soon on probation.
813	O	Lynn tries to take his advice, knowing that tough Angie and Betsy are the only people who are raped.
814	B	However, when Frannie, one of the few women Lynn befriended, becomes the third victim, she realizes that nobody is safe and decides to fight back.
815	O	With the help of her husband, who runs a radio station, she informs the media about the corruption.
816	O	Sergeant Crang, determined to keep Lynn silent, watches her every move, prohibits her from receiving visits from her husband and even physically assaults her.
817	O	To collect proof, Lynn tries to convince fellow inmates to support her, but at first no one is willing to cooperate because they are either afraid of Crang or Angie, who forces the girls to remain silent.
818	O	Angie has always been profiting from the corrupt system, getting drugs from the police and being released on supervision once a week to prostitute herself.
819	O	In the end, Lynn receives a file from a sympathizing female guard with all the evidence she needs.
820	O	She tries to give it to a senator who is visiting to find out if the rape accusations are true.
821	O	Crang and Angie try to stop Lynn, but with the help of fellow inmates and the female guard, Sheila, Lynn is able to reach the senator.
822	O	Eventually, more than 20 guards are fired and replaced by female guards.
823	O	Lynn is allowed to serve the rest of her sentence on house arrest.
824	O	A foreigner, Von Haeke, seduces a mine-owner's daughter in order to gain access to her house and her father's money.
825	B	He is about to marry the girl when his deserted wife arrives and exposes him.
826	B	In revenge, Von Haeke induces the miners to go on strike, abducts the gig and imprisons her in a mineshaft which is flooded.
827	B	The hero, Jack, arrives in time to save the girl and beats Von Haeke in a fight.
828	I	Von Haeke falls to his death from a cliff and Jack marries the girl.Andrew Pike and Ross Cooper, Australian Film 1900–1977: A Guide to Feature Film Production, Melbourne: Oxford University Press, 1998, p33
829	O	Venu  is a high profile news cameraman working in Reuters.
830	O	He graduated from a premier film institute but preferred to shoot news rather than the manipulated visuals for movies.
831	O	He is mostly based in Delhi but has come to Kochi to appear for a case in which he happened to involve.
832	O	He is assigned to cover a sex scandal involving a local politician where he gets to meets Renuka .
833	O	Renuka is the executive editor of Bharath Vision and Venu and Renuka have a story to tell of their own.
834	O	We go into a flashback to know the story about how two lovers turned into foes; an eventful story which involves misunderstandings, blackmail, and double crossing.
835	O	Rishikesh  is another channel head, who is going through some difficult times, as some of his star performers have gone in search of greener pastures.
836	O	Venu and Renuka come together to investigate a particular story about a murder planned by Bharathan Pillai ([[Saikumar , a major politician who had lost his fame and name before many years when Venu and Renuka exposed a scam involving him.
837	O	How Bharathan Pillai uses a decoy to trap Venu and Renuka and how they find a way to escape form the crux of the story.
838	O	Bernice Lee, a young woman of mixed African and European ancestry, living in Chicago with her family travels to New York and starts a new life passing as a white woman.
839	O	The film begins with her being mistaken for a purely white woman by a white man who tries to hit on her repeatedly.
840	O	Her brother, more obviously of mixed heritage, fights off the man.
841	O	Bernice's grandmother consoles her when she confides her troubles.
842	O	Later in the film, after a failed attempted at looking for employment as a black, she decides to leave town, use the name Lila Brownell and live as a white woman.
843	O	On the plane to New York she meets and eventually marries the man of her dreams – Rick Leyton – only she hasn't told him she is part black.
844	O	He and his rich family and friends are white.
845	O	Her white friend Sally, and black maid Bertha both advise her not to tell him.
846	B	She becomes pregnant, and fears the child will have black features or coloring – and gets a book to read about this unlikely possibility, which she hides, but Rick eventually discovers it, although their maid claims the book belongs to her.
847	B	Bernice/Lila goes into premature labor and has a stillborn child, but cries out "Is the baby black?"
848	I	after she awakens from anesthesia.
849	B	This leads Rick to suspect that his wife has been unfaithful.
850	O	Eventually, she and her husband divorce without Bernice ever having revealed her true name or past.
851	O	She then returns to her family in Chicago and her original identity.
852	O	Assunta Spina is a laundress living in Naples, engaged to a violent butcher named Michele Mangiafuoco.
853	O	She is also courted intensely by Raffaele.
854	O	When she accepts Raffaele's offer to dance during an open air feast in Posillipo because she feels Michele is ignoring her, tragedy strikes.
855	B	Michele, blinded by rage, slashes her face and is subsequently arrested.
856	O	During the trial she bears witness in order to rescue him, saying he never wounded her, but the jury does not believe her.
857	B	She is enticed by the court vice-chancellor to strike a bargain—Michele will stay in the nearby prison of Naples instead of Avellino, and at the end of the punishment Michele will kill the vice-chancellor before Assunta's eyes.
858	I	She must take responsibility for the act before the eyes of the police in order to save her man.
859	O	Raleigh has leukemia, and he and Iris cannot afford to pay for treatment.
860	O	They are introduced to Shepard Lambrick, who offers them a deal; if Iris competes and wins in a game, his charitable foundation will pay for Raleigh's treatment and find him a bone marrow donor.
861	O	The game turns out to be a version of the party game "Would You Rather," but players must instantly act on their choices, rather than simply explaining them, and the game's stakes are lethal.<ref nameTurek|firstSasha Grey, Brittany Snow & Jeffrey Combs Play a Game of Would You Rather|url1 February 2012}}
862	O	In 1881 in Old Fort Sumner, New Mexico, William H. Bonney, known as Billy the Kid , is passing the time with friends shooting chickens for fun.
863	O	An old friend of Billy's, Pat Garrett , rides into town with Deputy Sheriff J.W.
864	O	Bell ([[Matt Clark  and joins the diversion.
865	B	Later, over drinks, Garrett informs Billy that the electorate want him out of the country, and that in five days, when he becomes Sheriff of Lincoln County, he'll make him leave.
866	O	Six days later, Garrett and his deputies surround the small farmhouse where Billy and his gang are holed up.
867	B	In the ensuing gun battle, Charlie Bowdre  and several other men on both sides are killed, and Billy is taken prisoner.
868	O	As Billy awaits his execution in the Lincoln County Jail for the killing of Buckshot Roberts, he is taunted and beaten by self-righteous Deputy Sheriff Bob Ollinger  while the hangman's gallows are being built nearby.
869	O	After J.W.
870	O	Bell intervenes, Ollinger leaves to get a drink.
871	B	Billy finds a gun hidden for him in the outhouse and gets the drop on Bell, shooting him in the back.
872	I	He quickly retrieves Ollinger's shotgun loaded with "sixteen thin dimes" and shoots Ollinger dead in the street, saying, "Keep the change, Bob."
873	O	After Garrett recruits a new deputy sheriff named Alamosa Bill Kermit , he rides to Santa Fe to meet with Gov.
874	O	Lew Wallace  who introduces him to several powerful men from the Santa Fe Ring.
875	O	They offer him a thousand dollars for the capture of Billy the Kid, but Garrett rejects their money, saying he will bring him in anyway.
876	O	Meanwhile, Bill returns to his gang at Old Fort Sumner where he decides to lay back for a few days.
877	B	Soon after his arrival, Billy is confronted by three strangers looking to kill him; all three are killed in the subsequent shootout, helped by another stranger named Alias  who kills one of the men with a knife through the neck.
878	O	Alias had witnessed Billy's escape from the Lincoln County Jail.
879	O	Meanwhile, Garrett meets up with Sheriff Colin Baker  hoping he can provide information on Billy's whereabouts.
880	B	Garrett, Baker, and his wife  go to arrest some of Billy's old gang, and in the gunfight that follows, the gang members are killed and Baker is mortally wounded.
881	O	Garrett looks on as Baker's wife comforts the dying lawman as he waits to die by a river.
882	O	Later that evening, Garrett watches a barge floating down a river with a man shooting bottles in the water.
883	O	Garrett shoots at one bottle and the two face each other briefly from a distance before lowering their rifles.
884	O	Soon after, Garrett is joined by John W. Poe ([[John Beck  who works for the Santa Fe Ring.
885	O	The two ride southwest to meet John Chisum, a wealthy cattle baron in the region, who informs them that Billy has been rustling his cattle again and killed some of his men.
886	O	Billy once worked for Chisum.
887	O	Anticipating Garrett's arrival in Old Fort Sumner, Billy's friend Paco  and his family leave for Old Mexico, soon followed by Billy.
888	O	Along the way, he stops at the Horrell Trading Post, which is owned by an old friend.
889	O	By chance, Horrell is hosting Garrett's new deputy, Alamosa Bill.
890	B	After they finish eating, Billy and Alamosa step outside and take the ten paces, and Billy shoots Alamosa dead.
891	O	The deputy's last words are, "At least I'll be remembered."
892	B	As Billy continues south toward Old Mexico, he comes across some of Chisum's men murdering his friend Paco and raping his wife.
893	I	Billy shoots them dead, and after Paco dies in his arms, Billy heads back to Old Fort Sumner.
894	O	Garrett meets up with three members of Billy's gang at a saloon owned by Lemuel Jones .
895	O	After killing Holly ([[Richard Bright , he tells Alias to give Billy a message that they had "a little drink together."
896	O	Sometime later, at a brothel in Roswell, Garrett learns that Billy is back in Old Fort Sumner.
897	O	Garrett enlists the help of Roswell Sheriff Kip McKinney  and together with John W. Poe, the three men ride north.
898	O	Garrett, McKinney, and Poe arrive outside Old Fort Sumner and wait until dark before moving in.
899	O	Billy and Maria  bed down in Pete Maxwell's extra bunk.
900	O	While McKinney and Poe wait nearby, Garrett approaches the house, and hearing them make love, he waits outside on the porch.
901	O	Later when Billy steps outside to get something to eat, Garrett enters Maxwell's house from a side door and waits in the darkness for his prey.
902	O	After spotting the strangers outside the house, Billy goes back inside, sees Garrett and smiles.
903	B	Garrett raises his gun and fires a bullet at Billy hitting him above the heart killing him, and then shoots his own image in a mirror.
904	O	Garrett spends the night watching over the body of his old friend.
905	O	The next morning, the townspeople of Old Fort Sumner gather to see the lifeless body of William H. Bonney.
906	O	Sheriff Pat Garrett mounts his horse and rides out of town, with a small boy throwing stones at him.
907	B	Twenty-eight years later in 1909 near Las Cruces, New Mexico, Garrett is riding with some associates when he is ambushed and killed by men working for the Santa Fe Ring, a group of powerful attorneys and land speculators.This framing device was not included in the theatrical version of the film.
908	O	Blanche DuBois  is a fading, but nevertheless attractive Southern belle, whose pretensions to virtue and culture only thinly mask her alcoholism and delusions of grandeur.
909	O	Her poise is an illusion she presents to shield others, and most of all herself, from reality to try to make herself still attractive to new male suitors.
910	O	Blanche arrives from her hometown of Auriol, Mississippi at the apartment of her sister, Stella Kowalski , in the French Quarter of New Orleans, on Elysian Fields Avenue.
911	O	The local transportation that she takes to arrive there includes a streetcar route named "Desire."
912	O	The steamy, urban ambiance is a shock to Blanche's nerves.
913	O	Explaining that her ancestral southern plantation, Belle Reve in Auriol, Mississippi, has been "lost" due to the "epic debauchery" of her ancestors, Blanche is welcomed with some trepidation by Stella, who fears the reaction of her husband, Stanley Kowalski .
914	O	Blanche says her supervisor gave her time off her job as an English teacher because of her upset nerves.
915	B	In truth, however, she was fired for having an affair with a 17-year-old male student.
916	I	This turns out not to be the only seduction she had engaged in — and these problems led Blanche to run away from Auriol.
917	O	A brief marriage scarred by the suicide of her spouse, Allan Grey, has led Blanche to live in a world in which her fantasies and illusions are seamlessly mixed with her reality.
918	O	In contrast to both the self-effacing and deferential Stella and the pretentious refinement of Blanche, Stanley is a force of nature: primal, rough-hewn, brutish and sensual.
919	O	He dominates Stella in every way and is physically and emotionally abusive.
920	O	Stella tolerates his behavior as this is part of what attracted her in the first place.
921	O	Their love and relationship is heavily based on powerful, even animalistic, sexual chemistry - something that Blanche says that she finds impossible to understand, despite long glances of admiration and lust towards Stanley.
922	O	The arrival of Blanche upsets her sister's and brother-in-law's system of mutual dependence.
923	O	Stella's concern for her sister's well-being emboldens Blanche to hold court in the Kowalski apartment, infuriating Stanley and leading to conflict in his relationship with his wife.
924	O	Stanley's friend and Blanche's would-be suitor, Harold "Mitch" Mitchell , is trampled as Blanche and Stanley head for a collision course.
925	O	Stanley discovers Blanche's past through a co-worker who travels to Auriol frequently.
926	O	He confronts Blanche with the things she has been trying to put behind her, partly out of concern that her character flaws may be damaging to the lives of those in her new home , and partly due to resentment of her airs of superiority toward him and a distaste for pretense in general.
927	O	However, his attempts to "unmask" her are predictably cruel and violent.
928	B	Their final confrontation — a rape — results in Blanche's nervous breakdown.
929	B	Stanley has her committed to a mental institution.
930	O	Mitch, knowing that Stanley raped Blanche and had her committed to a mental institution, lashes out and punches Stanley but is then held back by the other men, and he starts to weep.
931	O	As the other men stare at Stanley, he claims he "never once touched her".
932	O	Devastated with her sister's fate, Stella weeps and rejects Stanley's intention to comfort her and pushes him away.
933	O	Stella runs out to see Blanche off, but is too late, as the car Blanche left in has already gone.
934	O	As he cries her name once more , Stella clings to her child and vows that she is "never going back" to Stanley again.
935	O	She goes upstairs once more in order to seek refuge with her neighbor, Eunice , as Stanley continues to call her name.
936	O	Raja was adopted by a criminal don  at a very young age.
937	O	After the death of the don, Raja inherits the property, and refrains from crime.
938	O	However, the wealth and the power associated with it, make him arrogant.
939	O	He desires Radha, the daughter of his servant, Ramu, and Raja asks his permission to marry her, Ramu accepts, but Radha refuses as she loves Kishan.
940	O	Raja finds out that Radha is meeting with Kishan on the sly, and complains to Ramu, who forbids her from meeting with Kishan.
941	B	Then Raja finds out a secret from Kishan's past, meets with him, hires him, and even arranges a lavish marriage for Kishan with Radha, resulting in Kishan being indebted to Raja.
942	O	Raja entrusts him with more important and responsible work, which must get Kishan to travel a lot.
943	O	Kishan eventually finds out the real reason for Raja's kindness.
944	O	Was it that Raja wants Kishan out of the way so he can be near Radha, or is there another reason?
945	O	As summer draws to a close, a violent downpour interrupts a beach-side beauty pageant in a provincial town on the Adriatic coast.
946	O	Sandra Rubini , elected "Miss Siren of 1953", suddenly grows upset and faints: rumours fly that she’s expecting a baby by inveterate skirt chaser Fausto Moretti .
947	O	Under pressure from Francesco , his respectable father, Fausto agrees to a shotgun wedding.
948	O	After the sparsely attended middle-class ceremony, the newlyweds leave town on their honeymoon.
949	O	Unemployed and living off their parents, Fausto's twenty-something“The five youthful characters range in age between nineteen and the early twenties.” Alpert, 81-82 friends kill time shuffling from empty cafés to seedy pool halls to aimless walks across desolate windswept beaches.
950	O	During the interim, they perform immature pranks.
951	O	Taunting honest road workers from the safety of a luxury car they never earned, they're given a sound thrashing when it runs out of gas.
952	O	Moraldo Rubini , Sandra's brother and the youngest of the five vitelloni, uncomfortably observes Fausto's womanizing as he ponders his own existence, dreaming of ways to escape to the big city.
953	O	Riccardo , the baritone, nourishes unrealistic ambitions to sing and act.
954	O	Alberto , the daydreamer, is supported by his mother and self-reliant sister, Olga .
955	O	Vulnerable and effeminate, he's unhappy that Olga is secretly dating a married man.
956	O	Leopoldo , the aspiring dramatist, writes a play that he discusses with Sergio Natali , an eccentric stage actor he hopes will perform in it.
957	O	Back from his honeymoon and settled in with Sandra, Fausto is forced to accept a job as a stockroom assistant in a religious-articles shop owned by Michele Curti , a friend of his father-in-law's.
958	O	Incorrigible, he pursues other women even in his wife's presence.
959	O	At the annual masquerade ball, Fausto is bedazzled by the mature beauty of Giulia Curti , his employer’s wife.
960	O	Alberto, in drag and half-drunk, executes a surrealistic dance across the ballroom floor with a goofy carnival head made of papier-mâché.
961	B	Returning home at dawn, Alberto is devastated to find his sister running off for good with her sinister lover.
962	B	Fausto’s naive attempt to seduce Giulia results in his being humiliated and then fired by her husband.
963	O	In revenge, he steals the statue of an angel in gold paint from his former employer, enlisting the loyal Moraldo to help him sell it to a monk.
964	O	Suspicious, the monk turns down the offer.
965	O	Fausto ends up giving the statue to a simple-minded peasant  who sets the angel on a mound outside his hovel, admiring it from afar.
966	O	One evening after a variety show, Leopoldo agrees to accompany old Sergio for a walk along the seashore to discuss the merits of his play but when the actor propositions him, he takes to his heels in horror.
967	B	Learning of Fausto’s one-night stand with an actress, Sandra runs away from home, taking the baby with her.
968	O	Riccardo, Alberto, Leopoldo, and Moraldo all join in Fausto’s desperate search to retrieve his wife and child.
969	O	When they find her at the home of Fausto’s father, Francesco pulls off his belt in a rage and finally whips his son.
970	O	Resolved to abandon the provincial monotony of his dead-end town, Moraldo boards the train for Rome, imagining his vitelloni friends sleeping their lives away.
971	O	Clark and McCullough are Flash and Blodgett, a pair of "alibi photographers" operating a studio in Atlantic City, New Jersey.
972	O	The pair cater to a clientele who require fraudulent tourist photographs using fake backdrops, which can later be used as evidence that the person in the photograph was at any location in the country.
973	O	One day, a married couple  turn up separately in need of alibi photographs: the man wants evidence of being on a Maine moose hunt while the woman needs photographic proof of being in Washington, D.C.
974	B	The photographers, unaware that the man and woman are married, decide to play matchmaker with the pair.
975	O	By coincidence, the man and woman have rooms opposite each other in the same hotel.
976	O	The hotel’s manager and the staff detective become suspicious of what is transpiring when the photographers and the couple zigzag between the rooms.
977	O	Eventually, the husband and wife discover the truth of their activities and leave the hotel together.
978	B	The photographers, however, attempt to leave the hotel disguised as a moose, only to be chased amidst gunfire from the hotel manager.
979	O	The classic Arabian Nights tale "The Thief of Bagdad" is retold and relocated to ancient China.
980	O	D.B.
981	O	was abandoned at birth and rescued from the docks of Shanghai to grow into an impetuous thief who steals to provide food for the street children he considers his family.
982	O	Now the young man and his wise partner Bird , have their eyes on stealing the royal court's jewels.
983	O	They devise a plan to get in to the court by wooing the Governor's daughter, Princess Li Wei  with whom he is immediately attracted to.
984	O	However, they are met with strong competition from other potential suitors, especially the Prince of the North  who is the Governor's personal choice.
985	O	The Princess, however, finds D.B.
986	O	most intriguing and manages to convince her father to challenge all her suitors with rigorous trials to prove their worth.
987	O	As various suitors proceed with the tests put before them, the Princess sends along her lady-in-waiting, Ting Ting , disguised as a man to keep D.B.
988	O	safe.
989	O	However, the Princess doesn't know that Ting Ting already knows D.B.
990	O	and has her own secret feelings for him.
991	O	Fritz Haarmann  uses his position as a government inspector to rape and murder young boys in war-torn Germany.
992	O	After killing his victims, he shares the meat with his circle of cannibal friends.
993	O	After spending a few years in Los Angeles, Sarah Tyler  returns to her home in England.
994	O	She arrives to find her brothers having a party in the barn, among which are Stephen Moore , his girlfriend Emily , Charlie Moore , Gary Ashby , Doug Walker , their youngest brother Luke Moore  and their dog, Stoner.
995	O	Luke tells Sarah about their parents' arguments over bills, and their mother's supposed love affair.
996	O	When Sarah inquires about this, Stephen reveals that her stepfather has accused her mother of having an affair with a man to whom she is paying large sums of money.
997	O	The brewing storm outside causes a power outage.
998	B	The group notice blood at the top of the stairs.
999	I	Gary leaves the group to look for candles; meanwhile the group sees that the blood is coming from their father's room.
1000	B	They find his lifeless body, which appears to have been attacked by some wild animal.
1001	B	At the same time, Gary discovers Stoner's bloody remains.
1002	B	The group encounters a beast-like creature and narrowly escape.
1003	I	When Gary calls to them, it catches and kills him.
1004	O	The group flees to the bathroom, and Sarah discovers a passageway leading up to the attic.
1005	O	Momentarily safe, the group contemplate their situation.
1006	O	Emily sees a pathway leading to another room, and the group decides that Sarah shall go down and distract the beast while Charlie goes to call for help on their father's phone.
1007	O	While Sarah distracts the monster, Charlie contacts the police.
1008	B	However, the beast kills and devours him.
1009	I	When Sarah witnesses this, the monster pursues her, and manages to bite her leg.
1010	O	On the other side of town, McRae, a trained dog-catcher, is picked up by police officer May, who believes the call is a hoax, on the way to investigate Charlie's call.
1011	O	Back in the attic, as Doug tends to Sarah's leg, Stephen and Emily discover another passageway into a room containing a shotgun.
1012	O	Armed with a stake, Sarah makes her way down and injures the beast before it attacks Emily.
1013	B	She attempts to kill the beast with the gun, but accidentally shoots herself.
1014	O	McRae and May find an abandoned car in the middle of the road, and upon discovering several evidences, conclude that Charlie's call might not have been a hoax.
1015	O	Luke returns to the house, unaware of what's happening.
1016	O	He finds Gary's body and is soon pursued by the beast.
1017	O	After falling through the ceiling, Sarah takes Luke and the remaining survivors to the roof.
1018	B	McRae and May arrive but are both slain by the beast.
1019	O	Sarah reaches their vehicle and takes the handbag inside, which she realizes is her mother's.
1020	O	At the barn, Stephen tries to fix the Jeep, which he had tampered with to prevent their mother from seeing her lover.
1021	O	Sarah blames Stephen for the possible death of her mother, and they get into a fight.
1022	B	He then runs out of the barn and is attacked by the beast, while Sarah begins to transform into one as well.
1023	O	Luke and Doug return to the house and hide from the beast.
1024	O	A beast-like Sarah attacks and fights with the other beast.
1025	B	Doug, trying to shoot at the beast, is killed by Sarah; Luke runs back to the car.
1026	B	In the morning, Sarah is human again, and it is revealed that the other beast is their mother who had left to go somewhere where she could not hurt anyone, not to have a love affair.
1027	B	Sarah and Luke leave to go somewhere safe, while it is revealed that Gary is still alive.
1028	O	Upper-class Mrs. Barrington  takes in two child evacuees from London, including cocky teenager Ronald ([[George Cole , lodging them in a cottage she owns.
1029	O	However, it has already been let to annoyingly inquisitive Charles Dimble .
1030	O	To compound the confusion, Mrs. Barrington had also agreed to allow it to be converted into a military hospital.
1031	O	Spitfire pilot Flight Lieutenant Perry  parachutes into the nearby loch and becomes the first patient, tended by Mrs. Barrington's pretty daughter Helen .
1032	O	Mrs. Barrington relocates Ronald to the main house, while Dimble and Perry remain in the cottage.
1033	O	Ronald makes friends with Mrs. Barrington's husband John , a brilliant but eccentric inventor, currently working on a bombsight for the Royal Air Force.
1034	O	However, he insists on working on his own.
1035	B	His assistant, Alan Trently ([[Michael Wilding , becomes jealous when Helen starts spending too much time with Perry.
1036	O	Eventually though, Helen lets Trently know that she prefers him.
1037	O	Meanwhile, the government grows concerned about Barrington's security; his last invention, a self-sealing fuel tank, was copied by the Germans within a month of its mass production.
1038	O	Trently comes under suspicion, as he had been educated in Germany.
1039	B	It turns out that there is cause for concern; German agents kidnap Barrington.
1040	O	Ronald stows away in the car used to take the captive to an isolated water mill.
1041	O	When Perry shows up, Ronald attacks one of the spies to help in the "rescue".
1042	B	Unfortunately, it is all in vain, as Perry is revealed to be the ringleader.
1043	O	Perry intends to take Barrington to Berlin on a seaplane which is due to arrive the next night.
1044	B	However, Dimble turns out to be a British counterintelligence officer.
1045	I	He manages to infiltrate the ring and learn where Barrington is being held.
1046	O	All but one of the spies are captured and the prisoners are freed.
1047	B	Perry initially escapes, but is eventually tracked down and killed in a shootout with Dimble.
1048	O	The young Wehrmacht Lieutenant Wisse is sent to serve as a liaison officer with the Romanian Army at Stalingrad.
1049	O	His new commander, Major Linkmann, is a rigid officer who looks down on their allies, contrary to Wisse.
1050	B	Soon after his arrival, the Red Army encircles the Germans, and they retreat into the city of Stalingrad.
1051	B	During the flight, Linkmann tries to abandon them.
1052	O	Wisse convinces a sergeant to ignore the orders obliging him to burn the supply depot, thus procuring provisions for the soldiers.
1053	O	In Stalingrad, he is again put under Linkmann's command.
1054	O	The tensions between them soar while their soldiers become desperate with hunger, as the 6th Army is ordered to hold on.
1055	O	Wisse is nearly captured by the Soviets, but a Russian woman whom he once helped leads him back to the German lines.
1056	B	Eventually, Linkmann tries to surrender by himself, but is shot dead by two of his own men.
1057	B	When the 6th Army commander, Field Marshal Friedrich Paulus, orders the remaining German troops in Stalingrad to surrender, Wisse and his soldiers are sent to a POW camp.
1058	O	Martin Beck and his colleagues linked the discovery of a burned female body in the hunt for a group of peaceful environmentalists who instead turns out to be minted to engage in terrorism across borders.
1059	O	The investigation is complicated by the Gunvald Larsson, in turn, is suspected by SÄPO of being behind the assassination, as he is acquainted with the woman who is suspected to have been murdered.
1060	O	Gunvald forced to stay away while he was chasing the real killers, whose new goal is an attack that could make a disaster with dire consequences.
1061	O	Julian Rolfe has an affair with Clare Foster as a young man, but then settles down to marriage with Margaret.
1062	B	Clare tries to blackmail Julian but Margaret destroys the letters.
1063	B	Clare murders Julian's ward, Phillip, and tries to frame Julian for it.
1064	B	Julian is sentenced to death but Margaret manages to get Clare to confess.
1065	O	Indian Air Force pilot Bhagat lives with his wife, Raksha and a young son.
1066	B	While going to the bank one day, the family find that the bank is being held up.
1067	B	The bank-robbers panic at the arrival of the police, and fire randomly killing Raksha instantly.
1068	O	Bhagat witnesses this horrific spectacle and is unable to do anything to save his wife.
1069	O	The robbers were masked, but one of them had a tear in his shoe and another was wearing a locket, very similar to the worn by his wife.
1070	O	Bhagat's inquiries take him to the Northern most hilly regions of India, where he must confront the past, as well as seek out the elusive killers and bring them to justice, not knowing that in so doing he will be endangering the life of his son.
1071	O	In a small Southern town, John Little and Jimmy Price are police officers charged with enforcing the law.
1072	O	In a local election, Jimmy is chosen as Sheriff to the dislike of a few in town.
1073	O	With many counting on a good Sheriff, Jimmy works as hard as he can, although time and the town may be against him.
1074	O	A radio ad for the film summizes the story simply: "tick...tick...tick is the sound of time...running out".
1075	O	Paul ([[James Caan  and Jennifer  are a pair of wealthy but blasé Upper East Side New York socialites with an attitude sometimes accompanying the overprivileged: a propensity to amuse themselves in a bizarre, chic, and upscale fashion, in this case playing socialite games for their peers, and occasionally revealing what appears to be a playfully sadistic streak.
1076	O	Lisa , an older woman from France, arrives at their door one day selling cosmetics; the couple invite her in, and when the conversation reveals that Lisa is believed to have psychic abilities, Paul and Jennifer ask her to arrange some "games" for their amusement.
1077	O	Lisa proceeds to set up several situations of simulated domestic discord that the couple can react to.
1078	B	The plot turns deadly when an acquaintance is accidentally killed during a so-called "game."
1079	O	Paul has to go to enormous lengths to conceal any evidence.
1080	O	He fears being blackmailed by Lisa, whose psychic activities continue and intensify during her stay.
1081	O	Ultimately, at the request of Paul, Lisa leaves, for the welfare of an ever more anxious Jennifer.
1082	B	In the end, after a tense confrontation between Jennifer and the supposedly murdered man, Jennifer actually does shoot and kill him, at which point Paul walks in and calmly calls the police to report that his wife has committed murder.
1083	B	It is revealed that the events of the film were orchestrated by Paul and Lisa in order to trick Jennifer into killing someone, so that Paul could get her fortune.
1084	O	The murdered man had been in on the "game," but was double-crossed.
1085	O	Paul and Lisa share a celebratory drink as Paul pays Lisa her ten-percent cut and they prepare to go their separate ways.
1086	B	But it turns out that Lisa has poisoned Paul's drink.
1087	I	After Paul collapses and dies, Lisa takes the briefcase containing all of the money, leaves the house, and walks down the street, ending the film.
1088	O	A woman in a fishing village is widowed when her husband dies in a fishing boat.
1089	O	She has a liaison with a mainland man who is drafted.
1090	B	She goes insane and waits on a mountain for the return of her husband.
1091	O	Based on a novel.Synopsis based on {{cite web}}
1092	O	Moon Siu is a horror story writer who got refractive surgery the day before her wedding.
1093	O	That night she stays at an unfurnished house in the suburb with her sister Yan.
1094	B	When Moon was sleeping, three robbers Pau, Kei and Man, who were hiding out there, kills Yan and her boyfriend and stuffs her corpse in the refrigerator.
1095	I	Later Moon finds Yan's corpse and arrested Kei when her fiance Ted arrived.
1096	B	While unknown to Moon, Ted actually belongs to the same gang.
1097	O	{{Plot}} The film opens with Bill Kincaid  lecturing his Latin class at Brown University about Socrates’ dialogues, and discussing Greek tragedies .
1098	O	He dismisses the class and then meets up with his student, Anne .
1099	B	Anne attempts to have sex with Bill, which he refuses.
1100	O	A coworker enters the room, and talks to Bill about an upcoming meeting he is having with Harvard associates.
1101	O	Brady Kincaid  is down South lecturing two drug dealers who work for Pug Rothbaum .
1102	O	Brady grows and sells all natural marijuana.
1103	O	He explains that he has no intention of expanding his sales, despite needing money to repay a debt to Rothbaum.
1104	O	Meanwhile, Bill talks with Dean Sorensen  about a job at Harvard in which philosophy would be included in their law school.
1105	B	Bill leaves, and on his way back to Brown, his brother's partner Bolger  tells Bill that Brady has died from a crossbow arrow.
1106	O	Bill flies to Tulsa, meeting a Jewish orthodontist on the plane.
1107	O	Bill arrives in Tulsa, and Bolger is waiting outside to pick him up.
1108	B	Bill is mistaken for Brady at the Broken Bow Market, and is beat up and knocked unconscious by marijuana dealers angry that Brady has taken half their territory.
1109	B	When Bill wakes, he is being looked after by Brady.
1110	O	Brady tells Bill that he is getting married and having a baby, and guilts Bill into staying.
1111	O	Brady persuades Bill to try his marijuana.
1112	O	Brady asks Bill to pretend to be Brady while he goes up state to take care of Rothbaum.
1113	O	Bill meets Janet  at a party at Brady's, and is immediately smitten with her.
1114	O	Later that night, Bill agrees to Brady's proposal.
1115	O	Bill accompanies Janet catching catfish.
1116	O	Janet drives Bill to the old folks home to make amends with his mother.
1117	O	Bill argues with his mother about her lack of mothering.
1118	O	Bolger and Brady go to Rothbaum's synagogue in Tulsa, where Rabbi Zimmerman  is giving a sermon.
1119	O	Ken Feinman , the orthodontist Bill met on the plane, mistakes Brady for Bill.
1120	O	Rothbaum spots Brady, and tells him they will talk elsewhere.
1121	O	Brady and Bolger meet with Rothbaum at his compound, where Rothbaum demands his money.
1122	B	When Rothbaum threatens to kill them if they don't have his money, Bolger shoots Rothbaum's thugs, and Brady stabs Rothbaum.
1123	O	They head to the Broken Bow Market, and attack the people who beat up Bill.
1124	O	Upon returning home, Bill has figured out that Brady killed Rothbaum.
1125	B	After an argument, Bill is called and told that his teaching is suspended, due to the earlier situation with Anne.
1126	O	In Tulsa, Ken Feinman  hears of Rothbaum’s murder and figures everything out.
1127	O	He purchases a gun and sets off for Brady's house.
1128	O	Ken accuses Brady of the murder.
1129	O	He tells Bill and Brady that he needs money, as his orthodontist career is failing.
1130	O	Bill stares the gun-wielding Ken down, and both prepare to leave.
1131	B	Brady and Bolger won't let Ken leave, and Ken shoots Brady in the chest.
1132	I	Bill shoots Ken in retaliation.
1133	O	The police arrive.
1134	B	Brady takes the gun so Bill isn't blamed for the murder.
1135	B	Brady dies.
1136	O	At Brady's funeral, Bill shares that Brady was responsible for the best times of his life, and explains the regret and difficulty of leaving everything behind.
1137	O	Bolger takes Bill up to Tulsa to see Rabbi Zimmerman, as Brady wanted her to know that Rothbaum's murder was not a hate crime.
1138	B	Bill tries to sell Brady’s marijuana growing system to the Broken Bow Market, but Bill is shot through the chest by a crossbow, and Bolger kills the thug and takes Bill to the hospital.
1139	O	Janet visits him.
1140	O	Bolger is told that he saved Bill’s life, repaying his debt to Brady .
1141	O	A few weeks later, Bill is sitting outside of Brady and Colleen’s house while Daisy takes care of the baby.
1142	O	Janet and Bill hold hands over a copy of Walt Whitman’s Leaves of Grass as it starts to rain.
1143	O	{{Plot}} Lawyer Erin Bruner defends a priest, Father Richard Moore, who is charged in connection with an exorcism that lead to the death of Emily Rose.
1144	O	The trial begins with the calling of several medical experts by the prosecutor, Ethan Thomas.
1145	O	One expert testifies that Emily was suffering from both epilepsy and psychosis.
1146	O	The defense contests that she may have actually been possessed, though Bruner is careful never to say that in so many words.
1147	O	Indeed, Bruner explains that Emily was suffering from something that neither medicine nor psychology could explain, and that Moore as well as her family realized this and tried to help in another way.
1148	O	Several flashbacks show how this began.
1149	O	In a flashback, Emily's ordeal is shown.
1150	B	Alone in her dorm room one night, at 3:00 AM, Emily notices a strange burning smell coming from the hallway.
1151	B	When she checks on it, she sees the door open and shut by itself several times.
1152	I	When she goes back to her room, she sees a jar of pencils and pens move by itself.
1153	I	Additionally, her bedclothes roll themselves down and a great weight seems to press down on her, a force which also proceeds to choke her.
1154	O	Through these episodes, she wonders if they are really happening or if they are just hallucinations.
1155	O	She suffers more visions, is hospitalized, and diagnosed with epilepsy.
1156	O	She is given anti-seizure medications, which she claims do not work.
1157	O	Her visions continue, as do her severe bodily contortions.
1158	O	She leaves school and returns to live with her parents.
1159	O	She and her parents become convinced she is neither epileptic nor mentally ill, but is possessed by demons.
1160	O	They ask for their local parish priest to be called in to perform an exorcism, and the Church agrees.
1161	O	The prosecution argues that all this could be explained by a combination of epilepsy  and psychosis .
1162	B	As the trial proceeds, Bruner begins to experience strange occurrences in her apartment at 3:00 AM, including strange smells and sounds.
1163	O	Moore warns her that she may be targeted by demons for possibly exposing them.
1164	O	Later in the film, he explains that 3:00 AM is the "devil's hour," which evil spirits use to mock the Holy Trinity.
1165	O	Significantly, it is the opposite of 3:00 PM, traditionally taken to be the hour at which Jesus died.
1166	O	Seeing that the prosecution is putting up a seemingly solid medical case, Bruner decides to try to show that Emily may have actually been possessed.
1167	O	She calls in Dr. Sadira Adani, a professor in anthropology and psychiatry, to testify about various cultures' beliefs about spiritual possession.
1168	O	Adani quotes Carlos Castaneda's A Separate Reality as means to understand the subject, and suggests that Emily was a hypersensitive.
1169	B	Thomas objects, and dismisses the testimony as pseudoscience.
1170	B	Dr. Cartwright, a medical doctor present during the exorcism, comes forward to reveal an audio recording made during the rite.
1171	O	Moore is then called to the stand to testify.
1172	O	The recording is played, and the film then flashes back to the exorcism.
1173	O	It is performed on Halloween night, because Moore believes it might be easier to draw out the demons on that night.
1174	O	Emily breaks her ties and jumps out a window, running into a barn.
1175	B	They follow her, and inside the barn, they are subjected to such phenomena as unnatural gusts of wind and demonic screams and voices.
1176	B	The demon inside Emily refuses to name itself after repeated demands from the presiding Father, but finally reveals contemptuously that there are not one but six demons.
1177	O	They go on to identify themselves in dramatic fashion, naming themselves one after another in dual voices from Emily.
1178	O	They identify themselves as the demons who possessed Cain, Nero, and Judas Iscariot, as well as the demons Legion, Belial, and Lucifer himself.
1179	O	Each manifests himself in corresponding native language: Hebrew , Latin ("Ego sum qui , ancient Greek , German  and Aramaic  consecutively.
1180	O	Emily then finally utters in English "And I am Lucifer, devil in the flesh".
1181	O	Bruner calls Moore back to the stand the next day.
1182	O	He reads a letter that Emily wrote before she died.
1183	O	In the letter, Emily describes another vision she had the morning after the exorcism.
1184	O	She walks out of the house and experiences a Marian apparition, in which she is told that although the demons will not leave her, she can leave her body and end her suffering.
1185	O	However, the apparition goes on to say that, if Emily returns to her body, she will help to prove to the world that God and the devil are real.
1186	O	Emily chooses to return, concluding the letter by saying: "People say that God is dead.
1187	O	But how can they think that if I show them the devil?"
1188	B	She then receives stigmata, which Moore believes is a sign of God's love for her.
1189	O	Thomas counters that she could have incurred the wounds by self-injury.
1190	B	Father Moore is ultimately found guilty; however, on a recommendation from the jury, the judge agrees to a sentence of time served.
1191	B	Bruner is offered a partnership at her firm, but she refuses and instead, she resigns.
1192	O	She goes with Moore to Emily's grave, where he has put a quote  from the second chapter twelfth verse of Philippians on her grave: "Work out your own salvation, with fear and trembling."
1193	O	The plot of Hell Drivers circles around Joe 'Tom' Yateley  who is an ex-convict.
1194	O	Trying to leave his past behind, he decides to start working for Hawlett's Trucking Company, which transports gravel.
1195	B	Trouble begins when he tries to expose his boss's rackets.
1196	O	Baker's character, Yateley, comes from Blaenllechau in the Rhondda, very close to Baker's own birthplace of Ferndale.
1197	O	Widower farmer, Dayal Singh , based in Palheri in the Chandigarh district, witnesses the exploitation of farmers at the hands of zamindars.
1198	O	He decides to send his elder son, Aman , to the city to study and become a lawyer, while his second son, Jiggar, would live with him and assist him in farming.
1199	O	Years later, the district gets a visit from Sohan Seth , who wants to buy the farm and turn the area into a commercial zone.
1200	O	Aman (an elder [[Arbaaz Khan  returns home and is able to join hands with his father and brother in advising the locals against Sohan.
1201	B	Things get out of hand when Jiggar  is arrested for Assault, and even though Aman defends him, is sentenced to five years in prison.
1202	B	After his discharge, Jiggar returns home to find his father bed-ridden, half of his body paralyzed, and that a number of farmers have committed suicide, while Aman, who has married his sweetheart-fellow lawyer, Priya , lives in the city, works for Sohan, and has been putting pressure on Dayal as well as other farmers to sell their farmlands.
1203	B	Aman starts to distance from his father due to Sohan Seth, Priya promises Dayal Singh that he will bring Aman back; suddenly a fire takes place in the village burning everything; the villain of the town throws Priya in the fire and she is burned to death.
1204	B	Aman finds out that Priya was working on a project  and reading the file he finds out that Sohan Seth was wrong and sends him to jail for the bad things that he done.
1205	O	Aman comes to live in the village with Jigar, Titli, , and his father, and there all are seen working together on the farm.
1206	O	As the Griffin family is watching television, the power suddenly goes out, leading Peter to retell the story of The Empire Strikes Back.
1207	O	After the "opening crawl" an Imperial Star Destroyer deploys a series of probe droids in search of the Rebel Alliance.
1208	O	One of the probe droids  lands on the ice planet Hoth, where the Rebels have set up a base.
1209	B	Rebel commander Luke Skywalker  is patrolling when he is attacked by a large wampa  and taken back to its lair.
1210	O	At the base, Han Solo  announces his intention to leave the Rebellion to Princess Leia  and Carlist Rieekan , with Leia objecting to his decision, however she denies it when confronted, saying she would rather kiss George Takei.
1211	O	When he finds out that Luke has not yet returned, Han sets out on his "Dondon" to find him.
1212	B	Luke escapes the wampa lair and has a vision of his late mentor Obi-Wan Kenobi ([[Herbert , who tells him to go to the Dagobah system to learn the ways of the Force from Jedi Master Yoda, after offering him a bowl of Zima soup.
1213	O	Han soon locates Luke and the two are rescued.
1214	B	Soon after, the Empire discovers the Rebel base, and Darth Vader  orders an attack.
1215	O	The Imperial fleet exits hyperspace too early, giving the Rebels time to evacuate the base while Luke leads his squadron of snowspeeders to hold off the Empire's battalion of Imperial Walkers.
1216	O	Imperial stormtroopers break into the base, forcing Han to escape in the Millennium Falcon with Leia, C-3PO  and Chewbacca , while Luke escapes in his X-wing with R2-D2 , stopping to see R2's niece's violin recital.
1217	O	The Millennium Falcon enters an asteroid field and Han decides to dock inside a cave to repair the ship.
1218	B	They flee when they discover they have actually landed in the belly of a space slug .
1219	O	Meanwhile, Luke crash-lands in the swamps of Dagobah and finds Yoda  amid the foggy landscape.
1220	O	Yoda trains Luke, guiding him through a series of training exercises, including watching "sweet-ass DVD releases", and a training montage that parodies Rocky IV.
1221	O	Darth Vader is ordered by the Emperor  to capture Luke and turn him to the dark side of the Force.
1222	O	Vader recruits bounty hunters to track down and capture Luke's friends, intending to use them as bait to trap Luke, including Raggedy Andy, whom he orders to leave.
1223	B	With the Millennium Falcon{{'}}s hyperdrive broken, Han and company escape by hiding amongst a field of disposed trash, but are tracked by Boba Fett , after hitting a "space bum" collecting some of the garbage.
1224	B	Luke has a premonition that his friends are in danger and leaves Dagobah to save them, although he has not finished his Jedi training.
1225	O	Yoda initially doesn't want him to go, but encourages it after Luke suggests Yoda fight Vader himself.
1226	B	Han and the others go to Cloud City on the planet Bespin to obtain help from Han's friend Lando Calrissian , "the only black guy in the galaxy", only to be turned over to Darth Vader.
1227	B	Han willingly reveals the location of Luke and the Rebel base but is tortured by being forced to listen to Paula Cole's "Where Have All the Cowboys Gone?
1228	O	", as punishment for clogging a toilet on the 16th floor of Cloud City, which forced Vader to use the "little pig people's" bathroom.
1229	B	Han is used to test a carbon freezing chamber Vader intends to use on Luke to take him to the Emperor.
1230	I	Leia professes her love to Han, but Han tells her to fuck off and is then frozen in carbonite for posterity.
1231	B	Lando later double-crosses the Empire, freeing Leia, Chewbacca and C-3PO, motivating the guards with a pizza party.
1232	O	Despite R2-D2 having sex with the combination lock, and subsequently being discovered by her husband, to get the door open, they are too late to stop Boba Fett from flying off with Han.
1233	O	Luke arrives at Cloud City and, after being briefly interrupted by Ryan Seacrest on American Idol, engages Vader in a lightsaber duel.
1234	B	Vader cuts off Luke's right hand.
1235	B	With Luke cornered and defenseless, Vader goads Luke to join the dark side, revealing that he is his father.
1236	O	Luke casts himself into an air shaft and, after discovering that a worker has shoved his severed hand down his pants, ends up hanging on an antenna beneath the city, calling out to Ben, Leia, and Tom Selleck.
1237	O	Leia senses Luke's call from within the Millennium Falcon and has him rescued.
1238	O	On board a Nebulon-B frigate, Luke is fitted with an artificial hand, but told to practice masturbating with a hot dog first, while Lando, dressed in Han's clothes, sets off with Chewbacca on the Millennium Falcon to rescue Han.
1239	O	Before the story ends, Luke is angry because of the way the story ends.
1240	O	Then he receives a letter from Doc Brown, a reference to the ending of Back to the Future Part II.
1241	O	In the Griffins' home, the power returns as Peter finishes his story, only to get into another argument with Chris over Robot Chicken.
1242	O	Chris vows to not let Peter get his goat this time, but eventually storms off when Peter brings up Without a Paddle.
1243	O	Bhadra  is a nurse who is living with her widowed mother, grandmother and twin sister Bhama, a medical student.
1244	O	Her older brother Achuthankutty  is a politician.
1245	O	Bhama falls in love with Arun , a doctor who works with her.
1246	O	Arun has a Muslim father and a Hindu mother who agrees to have Bhadra as their daughter in law, but Achuthankutty hates him because his father is a Muslim, causing Arun and Bhama to break up.
1247	B	Meanwhile, Achuthankutty has troubles with a ruthless businessman and moneylender named Krishnakumar([[Dileep  who forces Achuthankutty to sell the family house to him.
1248	O	Bhadra and Bhama are left to be take care of by their sister-in-law.
1249	O	She meets Krishakumar's sister Sridevi who was paralyzed after the death of her parents.
1250	O	Bhadra was unaware that Krishakumar had a childhood crush on her.
1251	B	Bhadra's life takes a tragic turn when Arun gets killed by a train accident, and Bhadra goes into mental shock.
1252	O	Krishnakumar decides to take care of the traumatized Bhadra.
1253	O	Wong Kai Joe  had kept hatred of his uncle Wong Ping Yee  in his heart for a very long time and did what he could to oust his uncle from the village and to claim the rights to the Dragon Head Cleaver, a symbol of power to the clan.
1255	O	He trains a young chef, Ken'ichi Lung Kin Yat  to compete against Chef Tin , the head chef at "Imperial Palace", for the title of "Top Chef".
1256	O	A rich but disliked elderly man invites his relatives to a family reunion at his home.
1257	O	Once the gathering is complete, he announces enigmatically that he intends to change his will before he dies.
1258	B	Before he can do this, he is murdered.
1259	O	His niece , a detective story writer, has to put her theories into practice by solving a real-life murder mystery.
1260	O	After losing a court case to Mickey, Stinkie Davis has to let Mickey and the Scorpions put on a show in his mother's parlor.
1261	O	Cameras follow the day-to-day life of model/actress/businesswoman/heiress/icon Paris Hilton.
1262	B	Hilton reveals the truth about her scandalous lifestyle and comes clean about many tabloid speculations and rumors.
1263	O	 The film follows the adventures of Murat  and Ali , whose spaceships crash on a desert planet following a battle, shown by using footage from Star Wars as well as Soviet and American space program newsreel clips.
1264	O	While hiking across the desert, they speculate that the planet is inhabited only by women.
1265	O	Murat does his "wolf whistle", which he uses on attractive women.
1266	B	However, he blows the wrong whistle and they are attacked by skeletons on horseback, which they defeat in hand-to-hand combat.
1267	B	The main villain soon shows up and captures the heroes, bringing them to his gladiatorial arena so they can fight.
1268	O	The villain tells them he is actually from Earth and is a 1,000 year old wizard.
1269	O	He tried to defeat Earth, but was always repelled by a shield of concentrated human brain molecules, which looks like the Death Star from Star Wars.
1270	O	The only way he can bypass this impenetrable defense is to use a human brain against it.
1271	O	The heroes escape and hide in a cave full of refugees who already fled villain's tyrannical rule.
1272	O	Murat develops a romantic connection with the only woman there , who looks after the children .
1273	B	Zombies of the dark lord attack the cave and turn several of the children into zombies.
1274	O	The three then flee the cave and find a local bar, lifted directly from Star Wars .
1275	O	The two men quickly start a bar brawl, but the villain suddenly appears and captures them again.
1276	O	The wizard separates the men and tries to convince them to join him.
1277	O	He sends his queen to seduce Ali, while he orders Murat to be brought before him.
1278	O	He offers Murat the chance to rule over the earth and stars if he joins him.
1279	O	He possesses the power of Earth's ancestry in the form of a golden brain, and all he needs to conquer Earth is a real human brain.
1280	O	After Murat declines, the wizard shows that he has the woman and children in captivity.
1281	O	Enraged, Murat fights the wizard's monsters and skeleton guardians.
1282	O	The noise causes Ali to abandon the queen and join the fight.
1283	B	They are disabled by laser-armed guards and are unsuccessfully tortured by the wizard.
1284	O	Finally, the wizard pits Murat against a giant monster in the arena.
1285	B	Murat defeats the monster and flees, taking the woman and the child with him.
1286	O	Ali is left in captivity.
1287	B	Murat finds out about a sword made by "the 13th clan," who melted a mountain thousands of "space years" ago.
1288	B	Murat later finds this sword, shaped like a lightning bolt, in a cave defended by two golden ninjas.
1289	I	He quickly dispatches the guards and takes the sword.
1290	O	Renewed by the sword's power, Murat goes to free his friend from the sorcerer's dungeon.
1291	B	Unfortunately, Ali is killed during the rescue.
1292	B	Grief-stricken, Murat decides to melt down his golden sword and the golden human brain and forge them into a pair of gauntlets and boots.
1293	O	Girded with magical gloves and super-jumping boots, he searches for the sorcerer to avenge his friend's death.
1294	O	After fighting monsters and skeletons, he comes face-to-face with his nemesis and karate chops him in half.
1295	O	The film ends with a speech about the human brain being the strongest weapon in the universe.
1296	B	The adventure when a spy breaks into Professor Bacterio's lab and steals some of his inventions from T.I.A.
1297	O	HQ .
1298	O	Mortadelo and Filemón who work for T.I.A.
1299	O	are put on the case but Fredy, another agent, decides to beat them to it.
1300	O	One of the inventions is a weather control machine which the spy decides to sell to the President of Tirania, a small Eastern European dictatorship.
1301	O	There are numerous clashes between the spy, Fredy, and Mortadelo and Filemón .
1302	B	Our heroes end up in prison after accidentally beating up the local cop once too often.
1303	B	They escape, Filemon's mother gets kidnapped by Fredy and taken to Tirania.
1304	B	The spy is killed in Fredy's place as Fredy ingratiates himself with the President, while having Filemon's mother tortured.
1305	B	The heroes arrive and there is a big battle where Filemon is apparently killed.
1306	B	Then Mortadelo receives a mortal wound but is saved by the Holy Grail while Fredy gets his just deserts.
1307	O	They return home to a heroes welcome.
1308	O	The film tries to work on the old saying "hell hath no fury like a woman scorned".
1309	O	Divya  is an upcoming model in London who meets Sriram  an IT guy and falls in love.
1310	B	They sleep together but Sriram leaves her when Divya's boss tells him to stay out of her life if he wants to see her make it big.
1311	O	Divya feels betrayed when she finds out but does not know that her boss is the reason behind the split.Divya does achieve her dream and becomes a top model but is on a revenge romp to wreak havoc in Sriram’s happily married life to Anjali ([[Sandhya .
1312	O	Sandhya, is a cheerful girl whose only sorrow in life is that she doesn't have a child.
1313	B	And when she finally has a baby after 4 years of marriage to Sriram, Divya comes into her life and takes the baby away, saying that that is her baby.
1314	O	What happens after that forms the climax of the movie.
1315	O	The telepathy between identical twins: conventional Caroline lives with her father and is engaged; Lisa is hard-drinking, devil-may-care, living in London as a high-class call girl.
1316	O	Caroline has horrid dreams of Lisa dying, so she flies to London to help.
1317	O	To find out what befell Lisa, Caroline submerges herself in Lisa's dangerous milieu, seeking help from an East Indian cabdriver who loved Lisa, and continuing to have dreams and visions.
1318	O	Then, while staying in Lisa's flat, wearing Lisa's clothes, and avoiding her own fiance, who has followed her over from the States, Caroline follows her instincts to confront what did happen in her sister's last minutes of life.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0104136/
1319	O	Harry Dunne  is home schooled throughout his life and finally gets his chance to go to regular school.
1320	O	At the same time, another guy named Lloyd Christmas([[Derek Richardson  , who has been adopted and exchanged several times until he was accepted by Ray , the school janitor, as shown in the deleted scenes - becomes overeager, and gets out of school to get into school.
1321	O	Harry bumps into Lloyd on the way, in search for a treasure his mother  asked him to find, and as if it were destiny, the two instantly became the best of friends.
1322	O	Lloyd introduces Harry to his 'friend', Turk , the school bully whose main function in life appears to be making Lloyd's life hell.
1323	O	After putting Lloyd in a dustbin, he hoists the two friends up a flagpole.
1324	O	Meanwhile, the corrupt Principal Collins  is searching for a way to get a large amount of money to get a condominium in Waikiki.
1325	O	Seeing Harry and Lloyd getting hoisted on a flagpole makes Principal Collins establish a 'special needs' class to swindle $100,000 from the local community.
1326	O	Obviously, Harry and Lloyd are more than thrilled to help, and thus find themselves signing up people who are 'different' for the class.
1327	O	These include a reluctant Turk; a teen named Toby  who broke his leg in a skateboarding accident - and whom Lloyd believes is a 'little crippled boy'; Toby's gorgeous girlfriend, Terri ; geeky Lewis , whom Harry and Lloyd believe is a centaur after seeing him half-dressed in his horse mascot costume; Cindy , also known as Ching-Chong, an Asian exchange student who later becomes Turk's girlfriend; and Carl , a badly injured football player obsessed with his sport.
1328	O	Jessica ([[Rachel Nichols , a headstrong student, is suspicious of Principal Collins' sudden contribution.
1329	O	Jessica asks Harry for information.
1330	O	Harry, who thinks that she is flirting with him, turns to Lloyd for courtship tips.
1331	O	A repulsive disaster involving Jessica's bathroom and a melted chocolate bar scares her father  and directs her attention to Lloyd.
1332	O	Soon, Harry and Lloyd get into a fight over Jessica, without her knowing it.
1333	O	Inevitably, the two make amends when Harry and Lloyd realize that they were nothing without each other .
1334	B	It so happens that the Special Needs class was asked to build a float for President's Day at that time; instead of building a float with George Washington as the main attraction, they change it to look like Principal Collins with repeated recordings of his evidence.
1335	I	Principal Collins is arrested before he can get away, and Harry and Lloyd are regarded as heroes.
1336	B	However, just like in the original film, the duo's advances to Jessica were in vain, since it turned out that she had a boyfriend.
1337	O	As the couple rode off, Harry and Lloyd vowed never to fight and risk their friendship over a woman, again; that vow was repeatedly broken.
1338	O	As the guys head home, they are approached by the Felcher Twins  in a sports car, who offer to take them to a huge party.
1339	O	Harry and Lloyd turn them down, and Harry gets covered in mud and dirties Jessica's father's car at the end of the film.
1340	O	At a secret aviation research station in the English countryside, an international group of scientists are working on the prototype of a revolutionary new aircraft, known as the M7, capable of flying at up to 2,000 miles per hour.
1341	O	The atmosphere is competitive rather than co-operative, with fierce rivalry between the various scientists.
1342	O	The project leader Michael Heathley  is so wrapped up with the M7 that his wife Lydia  feels neglected and that she is being sidelined in favour of her husband's work.
1343	O	At a social gathering she strikes up a conversation with Heathley's colleague Alex Leon , and the pair are soon circling one another.
1344	O	Meanwhile Heathley is desperate to test the M7, but is continually stonewalled by facility director Carrington .
1345	B	Matters take a sinister turn when Carrington is killed, and the project members realise there is a spy in their midst.
1346	O	The M7 is finally given its first tense test flight, and emerges intact.
1347	O	The group continue to work on modifications to iron out minor problems identified on the test flight.
1348	B	The finished version then takes to the sky, but this time the spy shows his hand and tries to hijack the aircraft.
1349	O	Chander  helps his friend marry his lover  against Sapna's brother's wishes.
1350	O	Sapna's friend Pooja  is with Sapna when Chander helps Sapna run away from home.
1351	O	From that moment Pooja falls madly in love with Chander.
1352	O	Sapna and Chander's friend get married.
1353	O	This enrages Sapna's brother who harbors a grudge against Chander & hence creates trouble for him.
1354	O	Pooja was living in a big house with unlovely parents.
1355	O	Every time her parents met they argued and fought; thinking of Chander made her happy.
1356	O	Pooja secretly called Chandler as a "dream girl" and flirted with him, making him happy and curious to find out who she is.
1357	O	Chander's father  was an advocate and loved his only son.
1358	O	It just two of them in the house so their relationship was really close.
1359	O	Chander's father helped him to find out who was the "dream girl" by tricking her to come to a venue.
1360	O	Chander was happy when he learned that the dream girl is Pooja; from then on they were dating.
1361	O	When Pooja's parents come to know their relationship, they don't approve and force Pooja to be engaged with somebody else.
1362	O	There was a misunderstanding between Pooja and Chander when she saw him hit her father.
1363	O	It was an accident, but it made her said harsh things to him.
1364	O	Chander was insulted and angry.
1365	O	When Pooja learned the truth she wanted to make it up to Chander.
1366	O	She asked his childhood friend Jai to bring her to Chander.
1367	B	Jai sold her to a brothel instead.
1368	O	Pooja was missing and the police asked Chander where he's hiding Pooja.
1369	O	Chander didn't know anything and tried to find Pooja until he learned that Jai sold her to a brothel.
1370	B	Chander saves Pooja when she was almost boarding a plane after being bought by a boss from a Middle East country.
1371	B	Chander fought the ruthless brothel's owner, then the brothel's owner shoots Chander.
1372	I	Chander could move faster so Jai got shot.
1373	B	The brothel's owner was shot by the police inspector, Sapna's brother, who separated duty from personal matters.
1374	O	The film begins with a shot at a loading dock in Cleveland, Ohio in 1937.
1375	O	The supervisor is Mr. Gant, who welcomes a new worker, Lincoln Dombrowsky .
1376	O	Gant tells him the job requirements and pay rules.
1377	O	He'll be paid for working 8 hours and if he has to work overtime, he still gets paid only for 8 hours.
1378	O	If he drops any of the merchandise, the cost comes directly out of his pay.
1379	O	These are examples of unfair working practices faced by the laborers.
1380	O	Later Dombrowsky drops a few carts of tomatoes, which is taken out of his pay; another worker is fired for helping him pick it up.
1381	O	Johnny Kovak , another worker resentful of mistreatment, leads a riot.
1382	O	Afterward, the workers go to the office of Boss Andrews.
1383	B	Kovak believes he negotiates a deal for the workers, but the next day he and his friend Abe Belkin  are told they are fired.
1384	O	While commiserating in bars, Kovak and Belkin are approached by Mike Monahan, who saw Kovak's leadership.
1385	O	He offers them positions in the Federation of Interstate Truckers .
1386	O	They will be paid according to how many members they can recruit, and they reluctantly join.
1387	O	Given a car for recruiting, Kovak tries to meet a woman, Anna Zarinka .
1388	O	They begin to see each other.
1389	O	At the same time, he starts to gain some members, which attracts attention from business owners.
1390	O	They offer him a deal to join them and be a voice in helping bring more workers to trucking.
1391	B	After rejecting the offer, Kovak is physically attacked.
1392	O	He continues to work on union recruiting.
1393	O	Another leader of F.I.S.T., Max Graham , is known by many workers as a hothead.
1394	O	He and Kovak compete for superiority.
1395	O	Soon Monahan, Kovak and Abe begin working to get the F.I.S.T.
1396	O	members at Consolidated Trucking covered by a labor agreement.
1397	O	When management refuses to deal with them, the F.I.S.T.
1398	O	workers strike.
1399	O	They set up camp outside Consolidated Trucking's gates, but are pushed out by strikebreakers and hired security.
1400	B	Monahan tries to ram the gates in a truck, but is shot and killed.
1401	B	At his funeral, Kovak decides to "get some muscle" and accepts help from Vince Doyle ([[Kevin Conway , a local gangster.
1402	O	Doyle's men attack trucks trying to make deliveries.
1403	O	Local mobsters and the members of F.I.S.T.
1404	O	join forces to storm the gates of Consolidated Trucking.
1405	O	In the end the President of Consolidated Trucking signs a labor agreement.
1406	O	After the strike, Kovak and Abe travel throughout the Midwest to recruit more workers.
1407	O	Kovak becomes wealthier and marries Anna.
1408	O	A new crime figure, Babe Milano , comes on the scene and wants some piece of the action.
1409	O	Kovak meets Milano with Doyle and, although reluctant to involve him in his business, decides it will be best for now.
1410	O	Twenty years later, F.I.S.T.
1411	O	has become a large and important union, with about two million members and a fancy headquarters.
1412	O	When Kovak visits Max Graham at the headquarters, he is displeased to see how luxurious the building and Graham's offices are.
1413	O	Located on the west coast, Belkin is still important in the union.
1414	O	As Kovak visits with Belkin, the latter tells him that Graham has made money unethically off the union.
1415	O	In his investigation, Kovak finds that Graham used his influence to steer union businesses and funds to shell companies owned by him or his wife.
1416	O	The violent ways of the union are shown by a physical assault against the wife of a trucking company owner who resisted union organizing of his workers.
1417	O	At the F.I.S.T.
1418	O	convention, a new union president is to be elected, with Graham a strong favorite.
1419	B	At a private meeting, Kovak tells Belkin of Graham's criminal deeds.
1420	O	Belkin encourages turning the man in to the authorities.
1421	O	Disagreeing, Kovak is worried about the effects of a scandal on the union, which he wants to protect.
1422	O	Meeting with Graham, Kovak confronts him and suggests he quit his run for union president to support Kovak.
1423	O	Elected president of F.I.S.T., Kovak is investigated by Senator Madison , who suspects the labor leader of ties with the Mafia.
1424	O	When Belkin visits Kovak again, he urges the president to cut off Milano and make the union "clean again".
1425	B	Kovak ignores his request.
1426	O	Doyle later tells Kovak that Belkin will testify against him, Milano and everyone else, but Kovak insists that Abe be protected.
1427	B	Called in to testify in a hearing led by Senator Madison, Kovak is told that Abe Belkin has been killed and the senator believes Kovak is responsible.
1428	I	Shocked, Kovak has an emotional outburst and storms out of the hearing.
1429	B	That night when he returns home, he finds Anna and his children are missing.
1430	B	He gets his pistol but is shot and killed in the house by Milano's men.
1431	O	They feared that Kovak would cut the mob out and testify against Milano.
1432	O	The movie ends with a shot of a bumper sticker on a truck, which reads, "Where's Johnny?"
1433	O	Dangerous Diana Medford  is outwardly flamboyant and popular but inwardly virtuous and idealistic, patronizing her parents  by telling them not to stay out late.
1434	O	Her friend Ann  chases boys for their money and is as amoral as her mother .
1435	O	Diana and Ann are both attracted to Ben Blaine .
1436	O	He takes Diana's flirtatious behavior with other boys as a sign of uninterest in him and marries Ann.
1437	O	Diana becomes distraught for a while.
1438	O	Later, Diana throws a party which Ann hopes to attend with her lover, Freddie .
1439	O	She gets into an argument with her husband about the party but attends anyway; Ben attends behind Ann's back.
1440	B	Ben and Diana realize their love for each other, and, when Ann falls to her death due to drunkenness, the two are free to unite.
1441	O	Others in the cast include Nils Asther as Norman, Dorothy Sebastian as Beatrice, and Evelyn Hall and Sam De Grasse as Freddie's parents.
1442	O	A legendary statue has seven gold needles inserted in it, and an adult man will become a sexual superman when the needles are placed in the same position in his body.
1443	O	A colorful group of characters is all in on the hunt for the mysterious statue.
1444	O	A man  is found wounded on railway tracks and when he awakens he has no memory of who he is and doesn't remember anything about his life.
1445	O	Six years later he is living with a wealthy couple and is now named Naresh Dutt.
1446	B	One day he begins to regain his memory when he watches a film and realises that the actress in the film is related to him somehow.
1447	I	It is then that he discovers the actress in the film is none other than his wife Rekha Roy .
1448	I	He finds out that she is now a very successful film actress changing her name to Sunita Devi and her manager is none other than Ranjeet Malik  who was once his best friend.
1449	B	In flashbacks he remembers that his real name is Amit Roy and Ranjit was the one who attempted to kill him six years earlier by throwing him off the train he was travelling on with Rekha.
1450	B	Amit also discovers that his young son who is now 10 years old has been sent to a boarding school and sets out a plan to regain custody of his son.
1451	O	First however he plans on taking revenge against Ranjit.
1452	O	Amit comes up with a plan to re-enter Rekha and Ranjit's lives by disguising himself as a film producer.
1453	O	He meets with Rekha and Ranjit and offers Rekha the opportunity to act in his new film titled Do Anjaane.
1454	O	Rekha and Ranjit grow suspicious of Naresh Dutt as they start to realise that he bears a striking resemblance to Rekha's supposedly deceased husband Amit Roy and the storyline of his film eerily mirrors Rekha's past life.
1455	O	Will she discover the true identity of Naresh Dutt?
1456	O	and what revenge has Amit/Naresh got planned for Ranjit?
1457	O	Six-year-old Johan, nicknamed "Fimpen", is an extraordinary talented football  player.
1458	O	He is discovered and recruited to Hammarby IF and the Swedish national team.
1459	O	Performing in the 1974 World Cup qualification, he is promoted to idol status but finds it difficult to keep up in school.
1460	O	Sombat is a taxicab driver in Bangkok.
1461	O	A loner, only seeks companionship through the melodramatic soap operas and old-time Thai pop ballads on his favorite AM radio station.
1462	O	He's picky about the fares he takes, and those passengers he does pick up invariably complain about the "Golden Oldies" radio show he's listening to.
1463	O	For those few co-workers that actually notice him, he's a source of amusement, a luddite who doesn't even own a mobile phone.
1464	O	He follows a routine that has him driving the cab by night and sleeping by day in his small apartment.
1465	O	He eats at the same food stall and orders the same meal each day.
1466	O	Sometimes he'll visit a ballroom where big band music is played and there is dancing, but he always sits by himself and sips a Coke.
1467	O	He also writes letters to his radio station, hoping one night he'll hear his letter read on air.
1468	O	For part of his evenings at work, he parks his cab in a queue outside a massage parlor.
1469	O	One night he picks up four "masseuses" as they are getting off work.
1470	O	Three of them tease him for listening to the old radio station, but the fourth, Nual, sits quietly, which catches Sombat's attention.
1471	O	The next night, Nual rides with Sombat again.
1472	O	She becomes a regular fare and the pair begin a friendship.
1473	O	The homely, middle-aged Sombat thinks he and the beautiful, young Nual are actually a lot alike.
1474	O	In one of his letters to the radio station, he writes about the relationship and points out that he takes people to their destinations, but he never gets anywhere himself.
1475	O	And Nual, in her job, takes men to their destinations, but never to where she needs to be.
1476	O	She's stuck there, working to send money home to her family in the rural provinces.
1477	O	Nual is being pushed by her pimp to become the mistress for a gangster, but Sombat remains a loyal friend and continues to ferry her home each night.
1478	B	The story starts to take a strange turn when Sombat is held by the police for questioning, and he misses his appointment pick-up time with Nual.
1479	B	Sombat has a dark past that he's never let on about, and he grows distant from Nual, which pushes her closer to the gangster.
1480	O	At the end of World War II, the promise of jobs and a chance to start a new life induced tens of thousands of young Italians to join the post-war immigration to Australia.
1481	O	In 1971, having lived about twenty-five years Down Under, one of those immigrants, middle-aged Amedeo Battipaglia, a lineman in the remote New South Wales settlement bearing the  name of Bun Bun Ga, several kilometers from the outback city of Broken Hill, is about to meet Carmela, his prospective bride from Rome, with whom he has been corresponding.
1482	O	Each of them misrepresented facts to the other — Carmela, a very attractive woman in her early thirties, is a semiliterate prostitute seeking an opportunity to get away from her abusive pimp, with the letters to Amedeo ghostwritten by her friend Rosalba, while Amedeo, feeling inadequate about his ordinary appearance, sent Carmela a photograph, taken about twenty years earlier, of himself between two Italian immigrant friends, Giuseppe Bartoni and Bampo.
1483	O	The arrow in the photo, however, is over Giuseppe because, when Amedeo visited his tall, handsome friend for advice, Giuseppe erased the arrow over Amedeo's head and pencilled it over his own head.
1484	O	In Rome, getting a ride to the airport on the back of a friend's motorcycle, with her pimp in pursuit, Carmela arrives at the boarding gate, meets Rosalba who hands her the travel documents, has a final across-the-gate shouting match with her pimp, and takes a seat in Qantas first class next to a turbaned passenger perusing LIFE .Cover of February 19, 1971 issue of LIFE Magazine, as displayed in the scene A stewardess points out that her ticket is for tourist class with special discount for immigrants.
1485	O	Meanwhile, Amedeo drives his substandard auto nearly 1600 kilometers to Brisbane Airport, where Carmela's flight, filled with other Italian mail-order brides  will land.
1486	O	Sitting at the airport lounge with numerous Italian men awaiting their future wives, they pass around outdated photographs that the women had sent to their prospective mates and speculate whether their appearances had changed.
1487	O	Still uncertain of recognizing Carmela from the black-and-white photo of her as a young peasant girl, he examines and questions a few of the newly-arrived women and then is hit with realization as she slowly comes into view on the down escalator.
1488	O	Becoming disconcerted by her beauty, he retreats to the airport's bar where, sharing a drink with a balding Italian who sent a photo of himself with a full head of hair, he expresses his own self-doubts.
1489	O	Convinced that she will reject him, he returns to the arrivals area, introduces himself as Giuseppe and hands her a note, purportedly written by Amedeo, explaining that he is ill with the flu and requesting that Giuseppe, a trusted friend, provide an escort to her new home.
1490	B	Unable to decide how to resolve this situation, Amedeo tells Carmela that driving to Giuseppe's home in Broken Hill would take three days, but as the trip starts, they are seen riding not southwest of Brisbane, but thousands of kilometers off-course in the city of Cairns, a gateway to the Great Barrier Reef in Queensland's tropical far north.
1491	O	The brightly-colored lush greenery provides a picturesque background for an eventful multi-day journey down the coast of eastern Australia, with one of the stops at Barrier Reef's Dunk Island,Barber, Lynden.
1492	O	"Cardinale virtues of a screen life" a popular tourist vacation spot, which provides the opportunity for the rental of a rowboat and, as Amedeo rows, Carmela strips to her underwear and dives into the warm water, revealing her skill as an expert swimmer, speedily maneuvering amidst brilliantly-colored fish and corals, while Amedeo sits in the boat, peering downward with concern.
1493	O	As the long trip to Broken Hill continues, they become better acquainted and she learns of his hardships as an immigrant and also finds out, since it happens in front of her, that, due to a years-earlier bout of malaria, he is subject to occasional epileptic-like convulsions which leave him unable to function for a few hours.
1494	O	Further along, they stop for a visit to the nursing home where Bampo is a long-term patient, having become unresponsive as a result of malarial damage to his brain and nervous system.
1495	B	As Amedeo's small auto, unable to withstand the long journey, breaks down, they push and pull into a town and try to sell it in an Italian-speaking neighborhood, but run into some hostile local Italians who force Carmela into their car and drive away with her while Amedeo hangs on to their door handle, as the car veers off into a ditch and flips on its side.
1496	I	Shaken but unhurt, they go off to board a train, but when he has another malarial attack during a station stop and she rushes off the train to get help, it pulls out, leaving her behind.
1497	O	Seeing no other recourse, she decides to briefly take up her former profession in order to earn enough for continuing the journey.
1498	O	Now on her own, she takes a later train and, as it stops at the small town of Menindee, she sees Amedeo waiting at the station.
1499	O	Reunited, they continue to Broken Hill, which is a little over a hundred kilometers further.
1500	O	Upon arrival, Carmela meets Giuseppe, whom Amedeo, still pretending to be Giuseppe, introduces as her betrothed, Amedeo.
1501	B	After a few pleasantries, Giuseppe who, as it turns out, is himself a pimp, leaves after driving Carmela to the back entrance of what he describes as her new apartment, but which quickly reveals itself as a prostitute's walk-up house situated in the city's red light district amidst numerous other such dwellings, each with its own resident "working girl" sitting on the porch.
1502	B	Amedeo finds out where Giuseppe has taken Carmela, goes to the red light neighborhood and approaches her porch, hoping to offer an explanation, but she goes inside to get her switchblade and attacks him, inflicting a stab wound in his shoulder.
1503	O	Eventually, Carmela and Amedeo, with his arm in a sling, are on a train, as he is still trying to convince her of his honorable intentions by offering to pay for her trip back to Italy but she begins to cry that she was a prostitute there and, upon returning, would be beaten by her pimp.
1504	O	Dismayed and outraged, he jumps up and exclaims  to all the passengers that she has cheated and deceived him, but when she tells him that he was equally untruthful, he says that he forgives her and she slaps him, retorting that no one needs his forgiveness.
1505	O	At this point, the train is slowing to a stop and, upon spotting from the window the remoteness of the outback, she refuses to disembark at the tiny Bun Bun Ga railway shack "in the middle of the desert".
1506	B	As she is cajoled and then forcibly pulled off the train by Amedeo and two of his Italian friends who regularly travel this route, the spectacle is witnessed, several meters further, by the group of local English-speaking residents, brandishing a "WELCOME CARMELA" sign, who had come to meet the train.
1507	I	As Amedeo and Carmela approach, a little girl among the greeters slips a 45" record into a portable player which starts to emit Wagner's "Bridal Chorus", while one of the men takes out a sheet of paper and reads a speech, which Amedeo interprets for Carmela into Italian: "Dear Carmela, this is a historical day for Bun Bun Ga. Carmela, you come from the noble and ancient country that is Italy.
1508	O	The country of Julius Caesar, the country of Michelangelo, of Galileo, the country of Guglielmo Marconi, the country of Caruso, of Bartali, and Pope Giovanni.
1509	O	Carmela, you come to this corner of the desert to bring us a little breath of your old civilisation."
1510	O	As the train leaves the station, Amedeo can be seen through one of its windows carrying Carmela bridegroom-style into his/their house.
1511	O	Inayat Khan  is the Senior Superintendent of Police responsible for the security of Srinagar, Kashmir.
1512	B	One day, his young son Irfaan  suffers an accident and is taken to a hospital.
1513	B	Unfortunately, due to a fatwa instigated by the leader of a terrorist group forbidding doctors to treat policemen, as one doctor named Aktar, his wife, and daughter fell victim to the terrorist group after treating Khan, the doctors refused to treat Irfaan.
1514	B	Khan angrily swears to kill the doctors if they don't treat his son, but they still refused, saying they are willing to die to ensure their families' safety from the terrorist group.
1515	I	As a result, Irfaan dies, and Khan swears to put an end to the threat of the terrorist group in revenge for his son's death.
1516	B	After finding out that the group of terrorists is taking refuge in the village of Dalgate, Khan and his men manage to attack and kill the criminals.
1517	B	Unfortunately, a family is caught in the crossfire, and they are killed as well.
1518	I	A young boy named Altaaf is the only family member who survives the shooting.
1519	I	He is severely traumatized by seeing his parents and sister die before his eyes and is haunted by the memory of the masked face of one of the police officers who shot at his family: that police officer is Khan.
1520	O	Altaaf falls unconscious and is jailed by Khan's men, much to Khan's anger, who then berates his officers for placing an orphaned boy in a cell just because his family offered shelter to the terrorists.
1521	O	Khan's wife Neelima , having just lost Irfaan and feeling sorry for Altaaf, attempts to persuade Khan to let them adopt the boy.
1522	B	Khan, despite his fear that Altaaf may one day discover the truth and get revenge for it, reluctantly agrees, feeling extremely remorseful for killing Altaaf's family.
1523	B	Just when Altaaf seemed to have settled down in his new home and accepted Khan and Neelima as his new parents, he finds Khan's mask and realizes that Khan was one of the police who killed his family.
1524	B	After an unsuccessful attempt on Khan's life, the angry Altaaf runs away and is found and brought up by a terrorist group led by their Pathan leader Hilal Kohistani , who brainwashes him into thinking that he and his men act according to Islamic principles and trains him to become a terrorist.
1525	O	Ten years later, Hilal and an adult Altaaf  are assigned the task of completing "Mission Kashmir," a plan of an unnamed terrorist sponsor that involves &mdash; or so Altaaf is told &mdash; killing the Indian prime minister.
1526	O	Hilal uses Altaaf's hatred as a means to achieve his own goals, all the while encouraging Altaaf to target Khan  in revenge of his family's death.
1527	O	Altaaf visits his childhood friend and TV personality Sufiya Parvez  and, though he falls in love with her and helps at her concerts, he still uses her to try and make Hilal's side plans  successful.
1528	B	He makes another unsuccessful attempt on Khan's life and, in the process, Khan recognizes him and begins trying to track him down, much to Neelima's discomfort, resulting a fallout between Khan and Neelima.
1529	O	At the same time, Sufiya learns of Altaaf's occupation as a militant, and breaks off her relationship with him, feeling somewhat betrayed, despite knowing that his family tragedy has caused him to go that way.
1530	O	On the same date Atlaaf's family was murdered, Altaaf makes another attempt on Khan by having three of Hilal's men to plant a bomb on Khan's briefcase.
1531	B	Unfortunately, this time, Neelima falls victim to it, much to the distraught of both Khan and Altaaf, with the former being unable to apologize for his argument with her and the latter screaming in remorseful agony for killing her.
1532	O	Eventually, Khan manages to invade one of Hilal's men's hideouts and discovers evidence and information about Mission Kashmir after catching the men who planted the briefcase bomb.
1533	B	After going through some cassette tapes with the help from Sufiya, he realizes that Mission Kashmir has nothing to do with taking down the Prime Minister at all: instead, the true goal of Mission Kashmir is to launch missiles on the local Muslim mosque and the local Hindu temple to escalate Hindu-Muslim conflict across the subcontinent, thereby dividing Kashmir and turning it into a war zone.
1534	B	It also turns out that the attack on the TV tower was planned to spread the rumor of murdering the Prime Minister to cover up the terrorists' true goal.
1535	O	Hilal deliberately does not tell Altaaf what Mission Kashmir really is, knowing that Altaaf would not support it and would try to stop it; this was evident of when Atlaaf leaves to the swampy hideouts to prepare for the launches, Hilal secretly tells one of his men to keep an eye on Atlaaf, ordering his death if he doesn't consent over what the true targets will be.
1536	B	Through staging a fire in the jail that allowed one of the bomb-briefcase men to escape, Khan and his men managed to track down and capture Hilal, but they are distraught to hear that Altaaf and the other terrorists have left for to launch the missiles, something which neither the police nor the army can take action, as they still don't have any idea or time to find out where the missiles will be launched.
1537	O	Deciding to play wise on this, Khan offers to make a deal with Hilal: going under the false pretense of allowing Hilal and his men to continue forward with Mission Kashmir in exchange for Altaaf, whom Khan swore to kill.
1538	O	He secretly lies to Hilal that he is more occupied with revenge for Neelima's death rather than doing his job of serving his country.
1539	O	Seeing that Khan's 'hatred' of Altaaf is worthy of a Pathan's duty, Hilal accepts the deal, and to ensure no other mistake will be made, Khan goes alone with Hilal to the missile hideouts.
1540	O	As Hilal and Khan reached the swamps, Hilal tells Altaaf of Khan's whereabouts.
1541	O	At that point, an enraged, hate-filled Altaaf starts attacking a weary Khan to exact his revenge for his family's demise.
1542	O	While doing so, Khan reveals to him the true goals of Mission Kashmir, stating that Kashmir will be turned into a hell if the Hindu-Muslim conflicts arise by the missiles.
1543	B	Having had enough of listening to him, Altaaf attempts to shoot Khan in the head.
1544	B	Khan, expressing his dear love for Altaaf and his dear remorse for killing his family, is willing to accept his fate, but begs Altaaf to stop Hilal and his plans.
1545	O	As Altaaf struggles to do it, he then remembers that he once knew about the shrines Neelima took him to and the comment Neelima said about choosing sides during her visit earlier.
1546	O	Unwilling to betray his mother, Atlaaf decides to put his plan of revenge aside and aids Khan into stopping Hilal and his men from targeting the holy shrines.
1547	B	Just as things are about to end, Hilal throws a bomb to distract them before getting shot to death by Altaaf, giving Hilal's men a chance to prepare to blow up the shrines, much to Altaaf's shock.
1548	B	While Khan fights back by shooting several terrorists to death, Altaaf redeems himself by taking possession of a missile launcher and using it to destroy the other launchers and kill the remaining terrorists, thus saving the shrines.
1549	B	Eventually, Altaaf gets shot in the torso, and he falls into the swamps.
1550	I	Khan then jumps in and safely takes the unconscious Altaaf back to dry land, evading the explosion of the hideouts caused by Altaaf's act of redemption.
1551	O	The plans of Mission Kashmir are revealed to the public by the media, and the terrorist sponsor's hideout is found by Kashmiri police, who shoot the sponsor offscreen as he tries to get away after killing two of his associates.
1552	O	Altaaf wakes up from a nice dream based one of his pictures he drew as a child in Khan's house, where he reconciles with Sufiya and forgives Khan, accepting him as his father again after 10 years.
1553	O	Set in New Mexico around the turn of the 19th to 20th century and told in flashback, the film tells the story of Jeb  whose entire family was slaughtered when he was a young boy.
1554	O	The vision haunts him into adulthood, but the rest of his childhood is forgotten.
1555	B	When the killers discover that Jeb is the only family member to survive, they vow to kill him too.
1556	O	He spends his life avoiding his unseen assailants, trying to remember his past and find the men responsible for the killings.
1557	O	Hank Whirling needs a bank's help to keep his Whirling Circus going.
1558	O	He gets a loan on the condition he take along accountant Randy Sherman and publicist Helen Harrison to help the circus turn a profit.
1559	O	Hank's top act is the Colino trapeze troupe, featuring family patriarch Zach and newcomer Tommy Gordon.
1560	O	Unknown to Hank, his little sister Jeannie has held a lifelong ambition to fly on the trapeze.
1561	B	An unknown saboteur sets a lion loose, terrifying an audience until Hank manages to tame it.
1562	O	Helen accuses him of staging the incident for publicity.
1563	O	She and Randy are infuriated by Hank's refusal to accept their help.
1564	B	Randy's attempt to save money by firing workers and replacing them with a machine that raises the big-top tent is also sabotaged, leading to a death and many suspicions and accusations.
1565	O	With the bank about to foreclose, Hank goes to television star Steve Allen to seek needed publicity for the circus.
1566	O	A wire walk across Niagara Falls by Zach is also held, amidst fear of additional sabotage.
1567	O	By the time Jeannie finally gets a shot at flying on the trapeze, Hank realizes that Tommy is the culprit, having a history of mental illness and a grudge against the circus.
1568	O	Jeannie's life and the future of the circus is left hanging by a thread.
1569	O	Respected liberal Senator Joe Tynan is asked to lead the opposition to a Supreme Court appointment and he finds himself struggling with his own morality and the corruption surrounding him.
1570	O	He falls for a lovely lady attorney and has an affair that jeopardizes his marriage, and possibly, his career.
1571	O	The Soviet Union has dissolved into what is now Russia.
1572	B	Out of chaos comes a mysterious virus that eventually kills everyone who is exposed to it.
1573	O	The virus eventually reaches the United States through Boston, and the city is quarantined.
1574	O	A wall is built, cutting Boston off from the "mainland."
1575	O	All foreign immigrants are barred from entering the US since they may be carriers of the virus.
1576	O	The only people allowed out of the city are those with special passports, only available to those working with a government agency or through the black market.
1577	O	Officer Delon  is a mother who desperately needs to get away from the quarantined city.
1578	B	She is about to give her son a black-market passport to the safe-zone when she is called in to duty.
1579	B	A gang has been slaughtered by some kind of creature and the police are investigating.
1580	I	The monster has superhuman abilities including speed and strength.
1581	I	The team of police officers, including Delon and Lemieux , are sent into the sewer system to capture or kill the creature.
1582	B	Slowly, the team is killed off one by one until only Delon and Lemieux remain.
1583	B	Delon stumbles across a team of scientists sent to kill the creature themselves.
1584	B	They know the creature is the source of the deadly virus and if it is not killed, it will "explode" and spread the virus all over Boston.
1585	B	Delon is then captured by the creature, along with two others.
1586	B	Delon eventually manages to kick the creature into unconscious in order to gain enough time to break her restrains, grab a pistol and kill it with numerous shots.
1587	O	Delon is later rewarded with two passports to the safe-zone, one for her and for her son.
1588	O	Rahul  and Anu Verghese  are held by the police simultaneously on charges of creating a disturbance and running away, respectively.
1589	O	Rahul is angry with his dad for marrying a second time, while his first wife is still alive; Anu ran away from an oppressive girls' hostel run by Arnie Campbell .
1590	O	They meet again, and love happens.
1591	O	Rahul helps Anu be independent and seek a job.
1592	O	Anu is discovered by a talent agent to be a model, which she accepts.
1593	O	Rahul wants to marry Anu but first must establish himself.
1594	O	He does establish himself as a singer but is under the impression that Anu helped him with his career.
1595	O	His ego is hurt, and he is resentful towards her.
1596	O	Anu then decides to better her career for which she must re-locate to Paris.
1597	B	The film's villian, model director Mr. Padam Singh persuades Anu to accompany him to the airport but at the climax when Rahul comes to stop her from boarding the flight it is finally revealed that Anu has decided to stay behind to renew her relationship with Rahul .
1598	O	University graduate Han Se-jin  leaves her hometown, where her conservative father  is the local stationmaster, for Seoul, where she has been offered a job in an IT company.
1599	O	Some time later, however, the company goes bankrupt and she's forced to move into a cheap basement flat while job-hunting.
1600	O	Her new neighbor is middle-aged Oh Dong-chul , a small-time gangster who works for boss Kim  collecting loans.
1601	O	Se-jin is initially uncomfortable living next door to a gangster but later forms a wary friendship with him after he helps her out a couple of times.
1602	B	Depressed by her inability to get a job because of the economic recession, Se-jin ends up drinking with Dong-chul one evening and having a one-night stand with him.
1603	B	She later asks him to pose as her wealthy boyfriend on a trip home to visit her anxious father — though that doesn't quite go as planned, and Se-jin ends up staying on with her father.
1604	B	Meanwhile, Dong-chul, who has almost started a gang war back in Seoul by beating up some hapkido athletes in revenge, is told by boss Kim to formally apologize to the athletes' boss, former police detective Park .
1605	O	Dong-cheol reluctantly agrees, but that same day Se-jin is due in Seoul for an important job interview.
1606	O	{{cite web}}{{cite web}}
1607	O	Donald receives a postcard from his sister, Dumbella, which says that her three "angelic" boys, Huey, Dewey, and Louie, are coming to visit him.
1608	O	At first Donald is excited to see his nephews, but soon the boys start causing problems, being a constant annoyance to their uncle.
1609	O	Donald consults a book entitled Modern Child Training, and tries to use the suggestions to gain control over his nephews, but things only get worse.
1610	O	In the end, after the boys leave and with his house left almost destroyed, Donald spots a page which reads "After all, little children are only angels without wings".
1611	O	This so enrages Donald that he rips the book to pieces and enters an explosive rage.
1612	O	Throughout the cartoon, Huey, Dewey, and Louie play tricks on their Uncle Donald in order to annoy him.
1613	O	They cause extensive damage throughout his house, and have fun at Donald's expense.
1614	O	Some of their activities include: * Playing croquet on tricycles in Donald's living room, breaking vases, lamps, and windows * As Donald plays the piano to try to calm his nephews, the boys pick up instruments to play along with him, however Dewey uses his trombone to launch an apple at Donald, and Huey uses his cello to project his bow at Donald * While Donald plays the piano, Huey fills a bag with water, and Louie bursts it with his slingshot * Giving Donald a pie full of scorching hot mustard, then, to cool him down, they throw water on him and spray him in the face with a fire extinguisher, then throw his book at him and ride away on their tricycles
1615	O	The movie begins, like Oye Lucky!
1616	O	Lucky Oye!, with an over-the-top parody of a quasi-news program which promises to bring you three exciting "stories", which are the inter-connected episodes of the film, namely, love, sex and deceit .
1617	O	Rahul, a 20-something infatuated with the candy-gloss of Bollywood romances, is a wannabe director who decides to shoot a small budget film to enter a contest hoping to meet his idol, Bollywood director Aditya Chopra.
1618	O	During auditions, he falls in love with the young woman he picks to be the leading actress, Shruti.
1619	O	She belongs to an orthodox, nouveau riche New Delhi family, and her father is a real estate magnate who is lampooned for his philistinism.
1620	O	The two bond, become closer, and define their relationship by confessing their love for each other.
1621	B	However, Shruti's overprotective and aggressive brother overhears their telephone conversation and attacks the movie set to find out the identity of the guy who loves Shruti to no avail.
1622	B	Shruti and Rahul elope.
1623	O	From their honeymoon suite, they call Shruti's family for their love and acceptance.
1624	O	Shruti's father and brother are initially furious but then approve and tell them they will be sending a car to pick them up from the hotel.
1625	B	During the car ride, the couple are ambushed by Shruti's brother and his hired goons, who beat them up in a graphic scene with hockey sticks, and then brutally cut their bodies using an axe, burying the dismembered parts under a railway culvert.
1626	O	The episode ends with the murderers casually sharing booze and joking with the accomplice saddled with the task of digging.
1627	O	Shruti's friend Rashmi works night shifts in a local supermarket to support her family.
1628	O	Adarsh is a 20-something supermarket supervisor who has obtained the job due to his family connections with the store's owner and has outstanding debts to settle with the local committee.
1629	O	He makes a pact with one of his friends to make a sex tape with one of the employees to sell for a large amount of money to the media.
1630	O	Adarsh sets his sights on Rashmi, ultimately resulting in him developing genuine feelings for her.
1631	O	He decides to back out of the MMS plan, but his feelings for Rashmi are suppressed by his greed.
1632	O	Rashmi receives news regarding Shruti and Rahul's horrible death and is deeply saddened.
1633	B	Taking advantage of her vulnerability, he has sex with her and records it on the local shop cam.
1634	O	Prabhat, an investigative reporter who uses spy cams to establish sting operations is in desperate need of a groundbreaking story to get a bonus from the news company which employs him.
1635	B	He saves Naina , an aspiring dancer, from drowning when she jumps from a bridge.
1636	B	Naina, who is initially furious at Prabhat, plans a sting operation with him to exact revenge on Loki Local, a music icon who asked her to trade sex for the position of leading dancer in his upcoming music video.
1637	O	The duo bring the sting footage to the media, who provoke them to plan another sting: Naina will supposedly blackmail Loki by threatening to reveal the initial footage in an attempt to catch him red-handed as he tries to bribe her &mdash; to render false any accusations by Loki of fabrication of footage.
1638	O	Naina meets Loki in the supermarket where Rashmi works to carry out the sting, while Prabhat watches closely.
1639	B	The plan goes awry when Loki tries to steal the camera and shoots Prabhat, who is immediately admitted into the hospital.
1640	O	Naina comes to meet Prabhat to hand over the footage so that he can get the bonus, but he decides to protect Naina's dignity and refuses to give his superiors the footage and resigns.
1641	B	However, it is revealed that Naina shockingly betrayed Prabhat by accepting the role as dancer in Loki's new music video, "Love, Sex Aur Dhokha," which is a parody on the events of the sting operation.
1642	O	The end titles roll over the supposed music video footage.
1643	O	Irene Vail decides to divorce to her husband, the rich ship owner Bruce Vail, after he falsely accuses her of having an affair.
1644	O	Bitterly jealous and possessive of Irene, Vail learns that he can prevent the divorce from being finalized if he can provide evidence that she has been involved with another man within six months of filing for divorce.
1645	O	Vail pays his driver, Michael, to go to Irene's hotel room in Paris and pretend to be her lover, with the intention of having a private detective catch them in a compromising position.
1646	O	However, an unknown man overhears Irene's startled cry upon finding Michael in her room.
1647	B	A struggle ensues when the man defends Irene against Michael's unwanted advances, and ends with Michael on the floor, unconscious.
1648	B	When Vail and the detective burst into the room, the man threatens them with a gun, demands Irene's jewelry, and takes Irene hostage.
1649	O	Once they are away, the intruder, Paul Dumond, returns Irene's jewelry and invites her to dine with him at the Château Bleu restaurant.
1650	O	They dance the night away and Irene falls madly in love with the charming and handsome Paul.
1651	B	In the morning, Irene returns to find Vail and the police in her room, for Michael is dead.
1652	I	Vail leads her to believe that Paul is responsible for his death, and blackmails her into coming back to America with him in exchange for Paul's freedom.
1653	O	Distraught that he is unable to find Irene, Paul reads in the newspaper that Irene has reunited with her husband and left for America.
1654	O	Sensing something is wrong, he embarks for the United States to find her, accompanied by Cesare, his good friend and head chef of Château Bleu.
1655	O	In Manhattan, Paul and Cesare rehabilitate a restaurant, with the hope that the its notoriety will cause Irene to come to dine.
1656	B	The reunion takes place at last, but the happiness is short-lived when Paul learns that a man has been arrested in Paris for Michael's murder.
1657	O	Unwilling to let an innocent man pay for his crime, Paul and Irene embark for Paris on Bruce Vail's ship the Princes Irene.
1658	B	Because of Vail's demands to break a speed record despite poor weather conditions, the ship strikes an iceberg.
1659	B	Vail commits suicide upon learning of the catastrophe, and confesses to killing Michael in his suicide note.
1660	O	Remaining on the wreck, Paul and Irene will be saved by a passage vessel.
1661	O	Another single-shot Lumiere Brothers film, this time showing the demolition of a wall in the grounds of the factory.
1662	B	When Charlie  trades Eddie's  favourite jacket, he unwittingly loses a sacred stone, entrusted to Eddie by his uncle, which he promised to one day return to its home in Kalgoorlie.
1663	I	This is the final straw, as far as Eddie is concerned, and he sets off the recover the stone and reconnect with his aboriginal roots.
1664	B	Charlie, escaping the wrath of his vengeful girlfriend, forces himself along for the ride, and Eddie's spiritual journey takes a very sharp turn off-track.
1665	B	Along the way, the boys pick up what Charlie mistakes for a 'hot chick' only to find they are landed with Vinnie , a self-described Italian rock star.
1666	O	Soon after they are joined by Eddie and Charlie's transvestite cousin Regina , who dreams of making it big on the Koori edition of 'Australian Idol',{{cite news}} and a confused Caucasian cop  who dreams of going walkabout.
1667	O	{{cite web}}
1668	O	The movie features an elite team of soldiers, the "Zombie Squad", who have been enlisted by the government to deal with a growing epidemic of zombies, while scientists work towards a cure for the virus that creates them.
1669	O	The squad must also fight against a religious cult which wishes to protect and enable the zombies, believing them to be a punishment ordained by God.
1670	O	Many of the characters are named after people who have made their marks in the horror and zombie movie fields, such as "Savini", "Romero", "Raimi" and "King".
1671	O	The film takes place just after the fictional disappearance of Richard Dutcher, famous for beginning the current Mormon movie phase with his work God's Army.
1672	O	After Dutcher's disappearance the film follows the journeys of three Mormon filmmakers who are eager to take his place.
1673	B	However, one of these filmmakers doesn't really want to see Dutcher found.
1674	O	 High school student Casey Becker receives a flirtatious phone call from an unknown person, asking her, "What's your favorite scary movie?"
1675	B	The situation quickly escalates out of control as the caller turns sadistic and threatens her life.
1676	B	He reveals that her boyfriend Steve is being held hostage.
1677	B	After failing to answer a question correctly about horror films, Steve is murdered.
1678	B	When Casey refuses to cooperate with the caller, she is attacked and murdered by a masked killer, and her body is hung from a tree.
1679	O	The following day, the news media descend on the town and a police investigation begins.
1680	O	Meanwhile, Sidney Prescott struggles with the impending one-year anniversary of her mother's murder by Cotton Weary.
1681	O	While waiting at home for her friend Tatum Riley, Sidney receives a threatening phone call.
1682	O	After she hangs up, she is attacked by the killer.
1683	O	Sidney's boyfriend Billy Loomis arrives and offers support, but after he drops his cell phone Sidney suspects him of making the call.
1684	O	She flees.
1685	O	Billy is arrested and Tatum takes Sidney to her house.
1686	O	Billy is released the next day.
1687	O	Suspicion has shifted to Sidney's father Neil Prescott, as the calls have been traced to his phone.
1688	O	School is suspended in the wake of the murders.
1689	B	After the students have left the school, Principal Himbry is stabbed to death in his office.
1690	O	Billy's friend Stu Macher throws a party to celebrate the school closure.
1691	O	The party is attended by Sidney, Tatum, their friend Randy Meeks, and several other students.
1692	O	Reporter Gale Weathers attends uninvited to cover the situation, as she expects the killer to strike.
1693	O	Deputy sheriff Dewey Riley also looks out for murder at the party.
1694	B	Tatum is killed during the party after having her torso crushed by a garage door.
1695	O	Billy arrives to speak to Sidney privately, and the two ultimately consummate their relationship.
1696	O	Dewey and Gale investigate a nearby abandoned car.
1697	O	Many party attendees are drawn away after hearing news of Himbry's death; Randy, Sidney, Billy, Stu, and Gale's cameraman Kenny remain.
1698	B	After having sex, Sidney and Billy are attacked by the killer, who seemingly murders Billy.
1699	I	Sidney escapes the killer and seeks help from Kenny, but he gets his throat slit by the killer.
1700	O	Sidney again flees.
1701	O	Gale and Dewey, having discovered the car belongs to Neil Prescott, return to the house.
1702	O	They believe Neil is the killer and has come to the party to continue his spree.
1703	O	Gale attempts to leave the scene in her van but drives off-road and crashes to avoid hitting Sidney.
1704	B	Meanwhile, Dewey is stabbed in the back while investigating in the house.
1705	O	Sidney takes Dewey's gun.
1706	O	Stu and Randy appear and accuse each other of being the killer.
1707	B	Sidney retreats into the house, where she finds Billy, wounded but still alive.
1708	B	She gives Billy the gun; he lets Randy into the house and then shoots him.
1709	B	Billy has feigned his injuries and is actually the killer; Stu is his accomplice.
1710	I	Billy and Stu discuss their plan to kill Sidney and frame her father—whom they have taken hostage—for their murder spree.
1711	I	The pair admit to being the killers of her mother, Maureen.
1712	O	Billy says he was motivated to seek revenge on Maureen because of an affair she was having with Billy's father, Hank, which drove his mother away.
1713	B	Gale, thought dead by the killers, intervenes.
1714	I	Sidney takes advantage of this to turn the tables on her attackers, killing Stu.
1715	B	Randy is revealed to be wounded but alive.
1716	B	Billy attacks Sidney but she shoots him through the head, killing him.
1717	O	As the sun rises and police arrive, a badly-injured Dewey is taken away by ambulance and Gale makes an impromptu news report about the night's events.
1718	O	Francesco  and Marta  are an uptight Roman couple running a small design firm.
1719	O	Their marriage, once the most important thing to both of them, has lost all meaning.
1720	B	Francesco loses interest in Marta, prompting her to start an affair with their business partner.
1721	B	Then Francesco's aunt Anita, the black sheep of the family, dies in Istanbul, where Francesco goes to try to sell the property he has inherited from her as quickly as possible.
1722	O	The family who had managed the property under Anita's supervision and direction welcomes him with hospitality, but they are concerned about what the future holds for them.
1723	O	Their young son Mehmet  is particularly eager to show their handsome guest around.
1724	B	When Francesco discovers the property includes a derelict hamam, a Turkish bath, he instead decides to restore the hamam and reopen it to the public.
1725	O	During the restoration, he starts a relationship with Mehmet.Steam-Scene Meanwhile, Marta has arrived in Istanbul to get a speedy divorce from Francesco, but she is taken aback when she realizes how much Francesco has changed from his Roman self: both the hamam and Mehmet's unconditional affection were just what he needed, giving him back a purpose in life.
1726	B	Marta falls in love with him again, causing Rome and the divorce to lose importance for her.
1727	O	Francesco's unwillingness to sell the property makes him enemies, some of whom ultimately murder him.
1728	O	Marta decides to stay in Istanbul and run the hamam, the final scene suggesting she has turned into a second Anita.
1729	O	A trio of impoverished children living in rural Mississippi find that they must make a heart-wrenching decision between traveling down the paths taken by their doomed families and confronting the harsh realities that arise over time.
1730	O	Beauty salon owner Nora has willed her business to her two estranged nieces and both are at odds as to what do with their inheritance.
1731	O	The documentary is told from the eyes of Megumi's mother and father as they learned the grave truth of their daughter's abduction, and their thirty year search for the truth.
1732	B	Seventeen-year old Leonard Grey  went on a high school shooting rampage killing one student and injuring scores more before turning the gun on himself.
1733	O	Using documentary style interviews Case 219 examines the interconnected relationships between the shooter, his friends, their tormentors at school, and their parents.
1734	O	The film unfolds through the eyes of a Los Angeles Times journalist researching a story for the tenth anniversary of this tragedy and in watching the interviews we discover the reporters own shocking secret.
1735	O	Ebenezer Blackadder , the Victorian proprietor of a "moustache shop", is the nicest man in England.Censored version  There is sometimes an edit towards the beginning of the episode, after Baldrick talks about the dog in the Nativity Play.
1736	O	Blackadder asks him "Weren't the children upset?"
1737	O	and Baldrick responds "Nah, they loved it.
1738	O	They want us to do another one at Easter.
1739	O	They want to see us nail up the dog."
1740	O	Most of this line is cut from video and most DVD releases.
1741	O	[http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0094754/alternateversions Alternative versions at the Internet Movie Database, URL accessed 21 December 2011 The earliest known case of this edit was on its first repeat at Christmas 1989, the same version being used for later terrestrial broadcasts at Christmas 1998, 2007, 2008 and in 2010.
1742	O	The line is also missing from the Ultimate Edition boxset.
1743	O	The line remains uncut on Gold broadcasts.
1744	B	A soldier is forced to take estrogen and wear lingerie when he's blackmailed by a violent transvestite.
1745	O	Shyama  gets a job as a servant so she can pay for her younger sister, Kiran's  education in the city.
1746	O	Kiran, though, is in love with a rogue, Ajit .
1747	O	Ajit makes Kiran splurge all the money Shyama sends her on them.
1748	O	Meanwhile, Shyama meets and falls in love with Shyam , the son of the family she works for and who is a doctor who wants to treat the poor.
1749	B	With both of being ill-treated by the woman of the house, who is Shyam's step mother, they decide to elope.
1750	I	However, Kiran comes to her, abandoned and impregnated.
1751	B	Shyama goes along with her without informing Shyam in order to find Ajit.
1752	B	They find Ajit but he escapes from them.
1753	O	The two sisters then relocate to another town.
1754	O	Kiran has the child, Shyama works in another house, where in order to get Kiran settled with the young man of the house and to prove her to be without blemish, she takes it upon herself to claim to be the mother of the child.
1755	O	This causes further complications with Shyam, who has managed to trace her out and now believes that she has been unfaithful to him.
1756	B	Wallowing in grief, he falls ill.
1757	O	Finally, with the help of a kindly army colonel, also Ajit's uncle , all ends well that well with a repentant Ajit marrying Kiran and Shyama reunited with Shyam.
1758	O	Maria Merryweather's father is killed and his debts have caused the loss of all he owns- he leaves her nothing but an old book, "The Ancient Chronicles of Moonacre Valley."
1759	O	The book details the life of the Moon Princess, a woman so beautiful and pure the moon itself blessed her with power, a set of magical pearls.
1760	O	On her wedding day, she receives a unicorn from her husband-to-be, and her father gives him a rare black lion, after which, she reveals the pearls to her family  and her bridegrooms family , who have lived together for years.
1761	O	At the funeral Maria spots a young boy her age, wearing an odd hat, watching her from a distance but when she looks back he has disappeared.
1762	O	It is revealed that Maria's mother died when she was young, and she and her governess, Miss Heliotrope, are sent to live with her uncle, her father's older brother, Sir Benjamin Merryweather who lives at Moonacre Manor.
1763	O	On the journey, they are attacked by bandits, and soon after meet Sir Benjamin, a seemingly bad tempered, irritable man, who tells her almost all of the house is off limits to her and warns her never to go into the woods.
1764	O	He also takes the book from her.
1765	B	As time passes, she begins to notice that her new residence is home to many strange, fantastical events.
1766	I	Food and clothing are left in her room seemingly by magic, a piano plays itself, and even though there is no kitchen, there is always food on the dining room table.
1767	I	Each night a star falls from the sky and a mysterious picture appears outside her room.
1768	I	Each day, her uncle has the picture removed.
1769	O	One day, Maria's uncle takes her horse riding.
1770	O	She spots a rabbit in distress and follows it into the woods in an effort to help it.
1771	B	Bandits find Maria while she is in the forest and pursue her.
1772	I	Maria recognizes them as members of the De Noir family and the same bandits who attacked her on a previous journey.
1773	I	She learns that the leader of the small teenage group is called Robin.
1774	O	She also recalls her uncle's warning concerning the De Noirs.
1775	B	She is saved from the bandits by her uncle's dog, Wrolf, a demonic seeming creature.
1776	B	Robin is revealed to be the son of Coeur De Noir who is the leader of the De Noirs clan.
1777	O	It is also learned that his father is very hard on him, calling him prized dolt for a son after he fails in capturing Maria.
1778	O	After their escape, Maria asks her uncle about the numerous strange events but he shocks her by telling her angrily to stop asking questions.
1779	O	Despite his efforts to hide his tears, Maria notices her uncle crying as he rebukes her.
1780	O	Her uncle tries to leave Maria behind, but Maria chases after her uncle's dog.
1781	O	She stumbles upon the kitchen and finds in it the seemingly magical chef who has been leaving the food in her room and who calls her "Little Princess".
1782	O	He tells her of a book that contains all the secret passages at Moonacre, but it is hidden in the library, a place she is forbidden to go.
1783	B	Finding the book again, she discovers that both the Moon Princess' father and her bridegroom were corrupted by the power of the pearls, and betrayed, she cursed them all, proclaiming that one day a "Pure heart" would return, and if she is not "Heard" by the 5000th moon, the Valley would be plunged into darkness.
1785	O	She asks the chef, who tells her that both families are blinded by pride, and only a true moon princess can break the curse, by returning the pearls to the sea and reuniting the families.
1786	O	He also tells her about a little white horse, invisible to all but a true princess, who would protect her, but she doesn't believe him.
1787	O	She works out she has till the next moon to set things right.
1790	I	Loveday is the person who has been leaving the dresses in her room.
1792	O	She and the woman discuss plans, and Maria is told angrily never to speak of her uncle Benjamin to Loveday.
1794	O	Maria finds the key in the bookmark of the Chronicles, and sneaks into the de Noir fortress to retrieve the casket.
1795	B	However, she finds they don't have the pearls, and is imprisoned beneath the fortress.
1796	O	Along the way she manages to kick Robin in-between the legs when he is being rude.
1797	O	She escapes by using her dress as a decoy and is found by her uncle's dog in the woods.
1798	B	After she escaped Coeur De Noir orders her to be killed by saying "their death is our victory".
1799	O	His son Robin seems a little put off by this and remarks that "stupid girl should have stayed where you were".
1800	O	When Maria returns home her uncle is furious, and refuses to listen to her, but apologies to her later that evening.
1801	O	Loveday appears in her room the next morning, giving her a dress belonging to the first moon princess.
1802	O	Maria persuades her to come downstairs, and the piano plays as if in recognition.
1805	O	Back outside the mirror, Maria talks to Loveday about what she saw, and becoming angered at the pride of both her uncle and Loveday, tells her that Pride is the real curse.
1806	B	Upstairs, looking at the picture, she realizes that it points the way to the pearls.
1807	O	The chef suggests she asks Robin, de Noir's son, and when she refuses points out that she has plenty of pride herself, causing her to think again.
1808	O	When leaving, she gives the servant letters addressed to Loveday and Benjamin, telling them to meet in the house.
1810	O	After he does she cuts him down and convinces him to help her find the pearls, which are hidden in a tree deep within the forest.
1812	O	Meanwhile, Benjamin and Loveday meet, quickly realize what Maria has done, and follow her with Miss Heliotrope, using Chef's superior sense of smell.
1813	O	On the trip, Benjamin and Loveday's relationship slowly begins to repair itself.
1814	B	Robin is captured near the tree, and Wrolf is trapped in a pit.
1815	O	Maria runs, finding the unicorn.
1816	O	De Noir vows to catch her himself, calling his son and daughter  traitors.
1817	B	De Noir finds Maria from the tree and Robin escapes to help her, releasing her from his father, and running to the place where it all began, but Wrolf appears to be injured.
1818	O	After they arrive, soon followed by her Uncle and Loveday, Maria attempts to get Benjamin and de Noir to sacrifice their pride, but neither can do it.
1819	B	Attempting to return the pearls to the sea and failing, she realizes she must sacrifice herself if they are to sacrifice their pride, and throws herself into the ocean.
1822	B	The moon accepts her offering, and Maria herself is rescued by a unicorn.
1823	B	Wrolf is restored to life, but as the giant black lion, restoring the magic to Moonacre.
1824	B	A De Noir attempts to kill Maria, but she is saved by Mrs Heliotrope.
1825	O	Benjamin proposes to Loveday again, and she accepts.
1826	O	Mrs Heliotrope is also proposed to by Digweed, Benjamin's servant, and also accepts.
1827	O	They all smile, Maria kisses Robin on the cheak and stare off into the moonlight.
1828	O	The story ends and the book closes.
1829	O	It’s been 5 years since the outbreak that wiped out 85% of the world’s population, but the war between Re-Animates  and Humans wages on.
1830	O	Most of the major cities are still uninhabitable.
1831	O	Within the few surviving cities, the Re-Ans have been segregated into “zones” and are policed by the R-Division of the QUASI S.W.A.T.
1832	O	Unit who hunt to re-kill the Re-Ans in the hope of quelling a second outbreak.
1833	O	“R-Division, Frontline” is America’s #1 TV show in this Post-Apocalyptic world.
1834	O	Weekly, the show follows different R-Division units on the battlefield as they work to keep America Safe and Re-An free.
1835	O	Jimmy, the videographer for the Outbreak Network, thought this week’s episode would be like every other.
1836	O	He was wrong.
1837	O	Through the lens of his eyes and camera, we see raw, revealed and uncut, that which could be mankind’s last day.After Dark Originals : Re-Kill
1838	O	A couple of bungling idiots  are abandoned in the deep jungles of Africa by Baron Munchausen.
1839	B	When a rescue team searching for the lost Baron stumble across the pair, they mistake Pearl for the missing Baron, and take the two of them back to America where they receive a hero's welcome.
1840	O	The phony Baron is invited to speak at Cuddle College, run by Dean Primrose .
1841	O	There he finds a love interest in Zasu Pitts, meets three crazy janitors , and faces exposure as a fraud.
1842	O	The Three Stooges were still working with Healy, shortly before they signed their contract with Columbia Pictures, and practically steal the show.
1843	O	In 1898, a band of Spanish soldiers heroically defended Baler (which was not yet the capital municipality of [[Aurora  against Filipino forces for 337 long and grueling days.
1844	O	The battle, now referred to as the Siege of Baler, is the setting of a forbidden love between a Mestizo soldier  and a Filipina lass  who lived at the end of the 19th century.
1845	O	Against her father's orders, teenager Amy visits a sleazy traveling fun fair with her new boyfriend Buzz, her best friend Liz, and Liz's irresponsible boyfriend, Richie.
1846	O	At the carnival, the four teens smoke marijuana, peep into a 21-and-over strip show, heckle fortune teller Madame Zena, visit the freaks-of-nature exhibit, and view a magic show.
1847	O	Richie dares the group to spend the night in "The Funhouse"—actually a dark ride.
1848	O	After the park closes, the teenagers settle down inside the ride, at which point they witness the ride assistant—a man in a Frankenstein suit who never speaks—engage Zena as a prostitute.
1849	O	He experiences premature ejaculation, but despite his request Zena will not return her $100 fee.
1850	B	He murders her in a violent rage.
1851	B	The teenagers try to leave, but find themselves locked inside the ride.
1852	O	As they attempt to escape, Richie secretly steals the money from the safe from which "Frankenstein's monster" took Zena's fee.
1853	O	The ride's barker, Conrad Straker, discovers what "Frankenstein's monster"—his adopted son Gunther—has done to Zena.
1854	O	Conrad also realizes that the money is missing.
1855	O	Thinking Gunther took it, he attacks him.
1856	B	Gunther's mask is removed revealing a gruesomely deformed face with sharp protruding teeth and ruby-red eyes.
1857	O	The teens see this, and Conrad realizes someone is watching.
1860	B	The teens die one at a time by the hands of Conrad and Gunther, until only Amy and Buzz remain.
1861	B	Buzz kills Conrad, but is then killed by Gunther.
1862	B	During a showdown between Gunther and Amy in the funhouse's maintenance area, Gunther is electrocuted and crushed to death between two spinning gears.
1863	O	As dawn breaks, Amy emerges from the funhouse while the animatronic fat lady perched atop the ride laughs.
1864	O	In London during World War II, Lieutenant David Halloran  an American bomber pilot serving with the Eighth Air Force in the UK and Margaret Sellinger  a British nurse meet in Hanover Street in a chance encounter during an air raid They meet again two weeks later in a secret assignation in Hanover Street.
1865	O	Although she is married, Sellinger and Halloran rapidly fall in love.
1866	O	She tries to resist, but is drawn to the charismatic American.
1867	O	By contrast her husband Paul Sellinger  is, by his own description, suave, pleasant, but fairly dull.
1868	O	A former teacher, he is now a trusted member of British intelligence.
1869	O	Halloran is subsequently sent on an undercover mission in Nazi-occupied France to deliver a British agent .
1870	O	At the last moment, Sellinger takes the place of the agent, and himself joins the mission.
1871	O	His reasons are initially unclear, but he slowly reveals that he wants to prove himself.
1872	B	Flying over France, the aircraft is hit, killing the rest of the crew.
1874	O	Sellinger's mission is to arrive at the German headquarters in Lyon and, posing as an SS officer, photograph an important document that lists the German double-agents in British intelligence.
1875	O	Halloran agrees to help Sellinger.
1877	O	SS troops raise the alarm but the pair manage to escape after a lengthy car chase, and make it back to the same farm where they had received assistance.
1878	B	However, they are betrayed by a collaborator and are forced to flee again, pursued by hundreds of Nazi troops.
1879	O	Halloran and Sellinger must work together in order to survive.
1880	O	In London, Sellinger's wife finds out that Halloran and Sellinger are together and have come back home, and her husband is wounded but alive.
1881	O	Going to visit him in the hospital in Hanover Street, she meets Lt. Halloran for the last time.
1882	O	The embrace and kiss, and he tells her that he loves her "enough to let her go", she goes in to see her husband, while he goes out into Hanover Street, where the love story had begun.
1883	O	Ashok  and Lakshmi  are siblings, and their father, Sarvarayudu , who was a landlord of the village, and mother , die during their childhood.
1884	O	Ashok and Lakshmi turn inseparable.
1885	O	Lakshmi falls in love with a boy called Aakash , but makes it clear that she would love or marry him only with the blessings and acceptance of her brother, which Ashok approves of.
1886	O	He also marries a girl named Nandini  on the same day.
1887	O	After their marriage, Aakash and Lakshmi lead a happy life along with Aakash's cousins and sisters-in-law.
1888	O	In a gap of seven years, Lakshmi has two daughters and a son.
1889	B	Then Nandini also becomes pregnant but suffers a miscarriage due to the intervention of one Kantham, who stays with her claiming to be her aunt.
1890	O	As Nandini's uterus was removed, Ashok turns childless and to please him Aakash and Lakshmi bring their children to cajole him.
1894	O	With the Kantham's advice, Nandini throws Lakshmi out of house and warns her not to try to meet her brother.
1895	B	With no way to save her husband and her family, Lakshmi commits suicide with her three children and on learning this Ashok also dies proving that they are inseparable even in death.
1896	O	Krazy is driving his car on an urban road.
1897	O	As he goes on his journey, he spots a bird above, suspending something under its beak.
1898	O	The curious Krazy turned his vehicle into an aircraft, and takes off to investigate.
1899	O	Coming close in his flying car, he was amazed that the bird he spotted was a stork carrying an infant.
1900	O	He then sees the stork handing the child to a person on a rooftop before leaving.
1901	O	Although the bird leaves with an empty beak, Krazy continues to follow it.
1902	O	The feline follows the stork into an adoption center up on the clouds.
1903	B	Inside, he was intrigued to see orphaned infants groomed and taken out of the place by other storks for delivery.
1904	O	Lunch time came just then and one of the birds calls Krazy to watch over the infants.
1905	O	The infants are loud and bothersome but Krazy was able to keep them company.
1906	O	Suddenly, he receives a customer's order by phone.
1907	O	The cat then selected the suitable child for the delivery and takes off.
1908	O	Up in mid-air for a few moments, Krazy was carrying the infant smoothly.
1909	O	But things became quite difficult for him as the tyke starts playing mischievously.
1910	O	Nevertheless, they reached the customer's house on time.
1911	O	When the infant's diaper came off, the feline tries to put it back.
1912	O	The infant, however, refuses to wear it, and Krazy tries to do things in a scuffle, only to put the diaper on himself.
1913	B	The child then disappears mysteriously, and Krazy looks into the chimney.
1914	I	While he does, the infant shows up from the edge of the roof, and pushes him into the flue.
1915	I	Krazy falls through the chimney and into the house with a waiting couple inside.
1916	I	Because of the diaper he's wearing, the couple mistook him as the infant they ordered.
1917	O	The overjoyed wife then picks up, hugs, and smooches Krazy, much to the feline's dismay.
1918	O	After getting too much of the unwanted affection, Krazy removes his diaper and convinces the couple that there's a misunderstanding.
1919	B	Immediately, the infant he tried to deliver finally comes down the chimney and has been diapered somehow.
1920	O	The couple were even more please, knowing they got the correct order.
1921	O	The film portrays a dramatised pastiche of great events that occurred during the reign of George V.http://ftvdb.bfi.org.uk/sift/title/14147/?availableLicense=yes It was made to mark the twenty fifth anniversary of his succession to the throne.
1922	O	The Spanish Republican soldiers fight against the better-equipped Francoist armies in the desolate Sistema Ibérico mountains of the Province of Teruel in 1937.Espoir
1923	O	The story revolves around Kunjan ([[Dileep , a village youth who is sympathized for his hunchback looks but is lauded for selfless service to others.
1924	O	He covers up his handicap with humor.
1925	O	Unmindful of his looks, Kunjan goes around seeking a suitable bride, with the help of his friend .
1926	O	Brushing aside many an insult hurled at him, he carries on.
1927	O	In contrast to him is Karthik (also [[Dileep , a violent college student, who loves his classmate Priya ([[Manya .
1928	B	She comes across Kunjan, who assures her that he would get her married to the man of her heart, but she gets killed in a fracas involving a gangster.
1929	O	Meanwhile, the hunchback Kunjan comes across an orphaned poor blind girl, Shenbagam .
1930	O	He wins over heart by helping her out.
1931	O	Thanks to his efforts, Shenbagam regains her vision .
1932	O	This results in a tussle between Kunjan and Karthik, as to whom Shenbagam belongs to now.
1933	O	However, fearing his looks, the hunchback, Kunjan, decides to leave way for the other.
1934	O	But fate has different things for him...
1935	O	Happy Gilmore  is an aspiring ice hockey player who possesses a powerful and dangerous slapshot that his late father taught him as a child.
1936	O	However, Happy also possesses an overaggressive streak and lack of skating talent that consistently preclude him from joining a hockey team.
1937	O	His grandmother , who raised him after his father died, has not paid her taxes for many years.
1940	O	Grandma Gilmore is forced to temporarily move into a retirement home, run by a sadistic manager named Hal .
1941	O	While repossessing Grandma's furniture, a pair of movers challenge Happy to hit golf balls.
1942	B	With his unorthodox, hockey slapshot-style swing, he hits the ball 400 yards three times, winning $40 as a result.
1943	O	This gives Happy the idea to go to the driving range to hustle golfers with his swing.
1944	O	When his progress is noticed by former golf star and current club pro Chubbs Peterson , whose pro golf career ended when his right hand was bitten off by an alligator, he convinces Happy to enter a local tournament by telling him he can make the money to buy back his grandmother's house.
1945	B	Happy wins the tournament and earns a spot on the Pro Golf Tour .
1946	O	Chubbs advises Happy to hold off on joining the tour for six months, so that Chubbs can make him a better all-around golfer.
1947	O	Against Chubbs' advice, Happy joins the tour immediately.
1948	O	On the tour, Happy makes an instant enemy of pretentious and arrogant star Shooter McGavin , who sees Happy as both a detriment to golf and a threat to his career.
1949	O	In addition, Happy discovers that although he has a powerful drive, his putting is terrible, and his violent outbursts and lack of golf etiquette eventually prompt Shooter to ask Doug Thompson , the commissioner of the tour, to expel Happy.
1950	B	But Happy's antics are garnering the tour's highest television ratings, increasing attendance and drawing more youthful sponsors, and Shooter's request is denied.
1951	O	To help Happy cool down and start acting more professionally, tour PR head Virginia Venit  is assigned to him by the tour.
1952	O	In addition to a romance forming between the two, Happy tells Virginia the truth of why he entered the tour and she agrees to keep it between them.
1953	O	Happy begins to develop a cooler head while continuing to improve in tournaments much to the chagrin of Shooter, who decides to take matters into his own hands and hire Donald , a mentally unbalanced fan, to heckle Happy at the next tournament, the Pepsi Pro-Am, a tournament where tour pros team up with celebrities.
1954	O	At the tournament, Happy is paired with Bob Barker, then host/executive producer of the long-running CBS Daytime game show, The Price Is Right.
1955	O	Donald immediately starts taunting and distracting him by calling Happy a jackass, taking Happy's focus off his game so much that he plays terribly.
1956	O	Exasperated at Happy's poor performance, Barker even begins heckling him before they break into a full-scale brawl .
1957	B	As a result, Happy is suspended from the tour and fined $25,000.
1958	B	All is not lost as Happy secures an endorsement deal with Subway, which gives him enough money to buy back Grandma's house and pay the fine.
1959	B	However, Happy discovers that the house is to be sold at an auction – something he did not know before.
1960	I	Despite bidding the entire sum of his endorsement deal, Happy is summarily outbid by Shooter, who has purchased the house to leverage a deal with Happy – he will let him have the house back in return for quitting the tour.
1962	O	Happy then decides to make a bet with his rival based on the upcoming Tour Championship – if Happy places higher than Shooter, he gets the house back, but if Happy finishes behind Shooter he will leave the tour; Shooter agrees.
1963	O	Although Virginia is confident Happy will win, Happy is not as sure and seeks the help of Chubbs.
1964	O	Happy finally admits his own mistakes and agrees to work with Chubbs.
1965	O	Together they head to a miniature golf course so Happy can improve his putting, which he does.
1966	O	Pleased with Happy's progress, Chubbs gives his protege a modified putter, fashioned in the shape of a hockey stick, as a present to use for the tournament.
1967	O	In return, Happy presents Chubbs with the head of the alligator that took his hand .
1968	B	Horrified by the sight, Chubbs reels backward and falls out an open window to his death.
1969	O	Determined to win the tournament for Chubbs, Happy is evenly matched with Shooter after the first 2 rounds.
1971	B	In desperation, Shooter once again calls on Donald.
1972	I	The next day Shooter's plan comes into action, as Donald hits Happy with a Volkswagen Beetle, which he proceeds to ram into a television tower at the 18th hole.
1973	O	An injured Happy refuses to forfeit the tournament, but quickly discovers that he has lost the ability to hit the long drive and drops from the lead by several shots heading into the final holes.
1975	B	After Shooter makes his shot for par, the TV tower collapses and blocks Happy's putt for birdie.
1976	B	Happy is forced to take his shot with the tower in the way, and uses what Chubbs taught him on the miniature golf course to make a trick shot to win The Tour Championship and the house.
1977	O	Afterwards, a hysterical Shooter attempts to steal Happy's gold jacket, but is quickly beaten up by Happy's old boss, Mr. Larson , and an angry mob of spectators.
1978	O	The film closes with Happy being congratulated by the two-handed ghost of Chubbs, Abraham Lincoln, and the alligator.
2026	O	Hercule Poirot is travelling on the Orient Express.
2027	O	While on the journey, Poirot meets a very close friend Bouc, who works for the Compagnie Internationale des Wagons-Lits.
2028	B	The train is stopped when a landslide blocks the line on the second night out from Istanbul, and American millionaire Samuel Edward Ratchett is found stabbed to death the next morning.
2029	O	Since no footprints are visible around the train and the doors to the other cars were locked, it seems that the murderer must still be among the passengers in Ratchett's car.
2030	O	Poirot and Bouc work together to solve the case.
2031	O	They are aided by Pierre Michel, the middle-aged French conductor of the car.
2032	B	A key to the solution is Ratchett's revealed involvement in the Armstrong tragedy in America several years earlier, in which a baby was kidnapped and then murdered.
2125	O	Baba Sathya Sai is the film narrating the services of by Sai Baba and his love for the people, Puttaparthy aashram and GOD.
2128	O	Keyes Terry is an art photographer who is given a mirror by a homeless person he meets on the streets.
2129	B	After taking the mirror home, he eventually realizes that it is possessed with the spirit of his father, Franklin Bronner, who murdered his family on Thanksgiving with a shotgun in the original Amityville house.
2158	O	Hum Intezaar Karenge is an action drama, featuring Mithun Chakraborty and Padmini Kolhapure in lead roles, well supported by Vinod Mehra, Jagdeep, Shakti Kapoor, Vinod Mehra and Shafi Inamdar.
2159	O	This documentary is about a group of samurai sent by the Japanese government to France at the end of Edo era.
2160	O	At the time, all the ports of Japan were closed, cutting it off from the rest of the world.
2161	O	The samurai were sent to help solve diplomatic problems between Japan and Europe on December 29, 1863.
2162	O	They were welcomed by every government and head of state they visited, including Napoleon III, in France.
2163	O	They were also photographed standing in front of Sphinx, in Egypt.
2164	O	The samurai brought back lots of products from their trip, including a book on wine production.
2165	O	They ended their expedition earlier than expected due to the need to report home about the astonishing technology in modernized countries.
2173	O	A mechanic at his father's garage during the late 1970s, Matt dreams about leaving his small town existence and pursuing grander ambitions.
2174	O	But strong feelings for a new girlfriend and deep family ties may prevent Matt's ultimate escape, despite pressure from best friend Schultz to take off immediately.
2175	O	The story revolves around 11-year-old Jessica , whose mother died when she was three years old.
2176	O	Her father Jim  is a workaholic with little time for his daughter.
2177	B	Just before the Christmas holiday season, Jessica wins a free wish from a wishing well.
2178	I	Her wish for a mother for Christmas is granted by Philomena  and Amy , a department store mannequin, is brought to life to be a mom for Jessica.
2180	O	A man  wakes up in a hotel room in Wales, suffering from amnesia.
2181	O	He has no recollection of who he is or where he comes from.
2182	B	With the help of mental specialist Doctor Llewellyn , he manages to trace himself back to his wife and home in London, but soon discovers that they are just one of many wives and homes all over the country.
2207	O	This is mockumentary, in which the success of the economic blockade of Nazi Germany is highlighted in a humorous manner via a series of sketches.
2208	B	When a group of pledges arrive at a secluded cabin for their fraternity initiation, they are met by a blood-thirsty lumberjack.http://www.rapidheart.com/
2314	O	Based on Nikolai Gogol's The Overcoat.
2315	O	However, Norshteyn has said that "the cinematographer should not be interested in that which is described in detail - he should look to that which is skipped, to that which is implied but is not explicitly written.
2316	O	The break in the text is the most promising, the most alive place for cinema.
2317	O	"{{ru icon}}Скульская, Елена.
2318	O	Юрий Норштейн.
2319	O	На Тикусая нищего похож, Дело, June 23, 2003.
2320	O	Retrieved on October 14, 2006.
2366	O	The film opens with a widowed woman giving birth to a baby boy.
2367	B	The landlord does not approve of this and has the baby disposed of.
2368	B	A drunkard finds the baby and keeps him for a couple of years until he sells the boy to a labor camp, in exchange for money.
2369	B	20 years later, that boy Pursha  and his friend Simham  escape from the labor camp, to see Pursha's mother.
2370	B	But when Pursha goes to the landlord's house, the landlord says that Pursha's mother left a long time and for Pursha to get the details, the landlord must be bribed with Rs.
2371	O	10,000 /-.
2372	O	Pursha and Simham sneak into somebody's house and steal the necessary Rs.
2373	O	10,000.00
2374	O	At the moment, they are caught by JK .
2375	O	He tells them that it is alright for them to take the money for their use.
2376	B	By the time Pursha and Simham get to the landlord, the landlord sold the information of Pursha's mother to JK for Rs.
2377	O	50,000.00
2378	O	Pursha, angered, goes to JK for an explanation.
2379	O	JK wants to use Pursha to stop his rival, who sells drugs.
2380	O	Pursha reluctantly refuses at first but later is convinced.
2381	B	While Pursha, Simham, and Inspector Vijay ([[Rajendra Prasad  fight some bad guys, Pursha gets injured and jumps into a river.
2382	I	He is saved by a school teacher Sumatri  who is an orphan.
2383	O	Sumatri is the sister of Vijay.
2384	O	Pursha comes up with a plan to raid important documents to imprison Shailaja's  father, who is JK's rival.
2385	B	But in the process, Vijay gets killed.
2386	O	How Pursha gets his revenge and meets his mother forms the rest of the story.
2423	O	The movie opens with a distressed woman being chased through a tropical forest by an unknown pursuer.
2424	O	It is soon revealed that the woman is attempting to escape imprisonment at the hands of Frank Lane, an American running an illegal child sex ring operation in Brazil.
2425	B	Upon being recaptured, she is taken back to Lane's home and executed in front of the other slaves, as punishment for her actions.
2426	O	Meanwhile, kickboxing champion David Sloan and his trainer Xian arrive in Rio de Janeiro for an exhibition bout.
2427	O	Though Xian is mostly interested in training for the upcoming fight, Sloan dismisses the idea in favor of relaxing in the city.
2428	B	While eating lunch, their camera is suddenly stolen by a young thief, and Sloan immediately gives chase.
2429	I	After fending off a group of drunken assailants, he catches up to the boy who then brandishes a knife, but Sloan easily disarms him and takes back the camera.
2430	O	When the boy follows him back to the restaurant attempting to reclaim the knife, Xian invites both Marcos and his beautiful sister Isabella to join them for lunch, and they eventually become friends.
2431	O	At a charity kickboxing event, Sloan is asked to be the cornerman for another young fighter in a match against Eric Martine, an Argentine kickboxer  whose overly aggressive behavior leads Sloan to intervene in the match.
2432	O	Excited by the prospect of a grudge match between Sloan and Martine, Lane eagerly arranges the fight.
2433	O	Later, Sloan brings both Marcos and Isabella to a formal banquet as his personal guests.
2434	O	At the event, Sloan once again crosses paths with Lane, who is instantly infatuated with Isabella.
2435	B	When Sloan parts ways with the children for the night, Lane secretly sends out a group of men to kidnap her.
2436	O	In a panic, Marcos asks for Sloan's help and they file a police report, but with an overwhelming backlog of unsolved cases on their hands, the authorities do not consider their case a priority and advise them to simply forget about Isabella.
2437	B	Frustrated, Sloan and Xian decide to launch their own investigation, which ultimately leads to their arrest.
2438	O	Although Lane bails them out in an attempt to cover his tracks, the two continue their search, only to find that the trail inevitably leads right back to him.
2439	B	They attempt to confront Lane in his home, but are subsequently ambushed and taken prisoner.
2440	I	Lane then proceeds to torture Sloan over the course of several days, forcing him to engage in a series of grueling exercises designed to weaken him before his match with Martine.
2441	O	He then releases both men back to their hotel, at which point Xian is able to create and administer a cure for Sloan's fatigue.
2442	O	At the fight, Sloan manages to defeat Martine, and Xian is successful in rescuing Isabella before Lane can flee the arena.
2443	O	Upon being reunited with Marcos, she tells him about the other girls Lane has captured and imprisoned, and Sloan resolves to free them as well.
2444	B	In retaliation, Lane pulls a gun on Sloan intending to shoot him, but Marcos suddenly appears and stabs Lane in the stomach with his knife.
2445	I	In the end, the police chief decides to cover up Lane's murder, and Sloan arranges for Marcos and Isabella to attend school.
2446	O	Upon realizing that they have missed their flight back home, Sloan, Xian, and the police chief decide to go out for drinks together.
2506	O	In the era of Guru Ram Das, one cannot leave out Rajni, youngest daughter of Rai Duni Chand, revenue collector  of Patti.
2507	O	.
2508	O	Rajni was a Sikh, a disciple of the Guru.
2509	O	One day she was sitting with her sisters admiring some new clothing they all had received from their father.
2510	O	The girls were ecstatic and exclaiming how good their father was to them.
2511	O	Rajni observed that all gifts are ultimately from God.
2512	O	Their father was merely an instrument of His greatness.
2513	B	Unfortunately for her, he overheard her comment and became very angry.
2514	I	It was not the first time that she incurred his wrath because of her extreme piety.
2515	O	The infuriated father, believing her to be an ungrateful wretch, married her to a leper with a taunt that he would see how her God would help her lead a normal life.
2516	O	The leper was severely disfigured and a foul smell came from his body.
2517	O	The poor girl had accepted her fate ungrudging and worked hard to maintain herself and her crippled husband.
2518	O	She kept repeating the name of God, and was certain that he was testing her with this turn of events.
2519	O	She was forced to beg for a living.
2520	O	Still she bathed and fed her leper husband, never losing faith.
2521	O	One day, she reached the site of a pool on her way to a neighboring village.
2522	O	Placing the basket containing her husband by the side of the pool, she had gone oft on an errand, most probably to look for food.
2523	B	In the meantime, her crippled husband had seen a black crow dip into the water of the pool and come out white.
2524	I	Amazed at this miracle, the man crawled up to the edge of the pool and managed a dip.
2525	I	He found himself completely cured.
2526	O	When his wife returned, she was amazed to find her husband in good health.
2527	O	He was handsome and whole.
2528	O	At first, she was alarmed and suspected that he might be a different person.
2529	O	He had, however, kept one finger with leprosy marks un-dipped.
2530	O	He showed her the diseased finger as proof of his identity.
2531	O	The couple thanked God, and went to the Guru to seek his blessings.
2532	O	The pool was the future site of the Golden Temple.
2533	O	The medicinal properties of the water were said to have come trim Basil , which grew in abundance on its banks.
2534	O	Guru Amar Das used to pick the herb there to make poultices for an infected toe that plagued Guru Angad.
2535	O	The legendary importance of the site highlights the medicinal properties of the waters of the pool, Rajni's leper husband was cured in.
2536	O	Sakhi relates that if you keep faith in God then one day all rewards are paid.
2537	O	Bibi Rajni had always kept the faith in Guru and God, being happy with whatever she had and thus was rewarded at the end.
2572	O	Shelby  returns home to 'The Oval' to wed her white fiancé, Meade Howell .
2573	O	They are not readily accepted by her mother, but in the end she understands.
2574	O	Shelby later meets Lute McNeil  and questions her marrying Meade.
2575	O	After a racially induced incident at a local restaurant, Shelby confesses to Meade that she doesn't want to spend the rest of her life defending their relationship and asks him to give her time.
2576	O	Meanwhile, Shelby's mother Corrine  is battling her own demons within her marriage.
2577	O	With flashbacks the viewer sees that her husband Clark married her not in love, but for looks.
2579	O	She burns the tickets in the bathtub and confronts him with her true feeling about their marriage later in the film.
2581	O	After experiencing this event Shelby feels that she 'finally can see who Lute really is' and turns her heart back to Meade.
2582	O	The two marry in the end.
2590	O	{{Plot}} Mark Renton  and Spud  are running down Princes Street pursued by security guards.
2591	O	Renton's close circle of football enthusiast friends are introduced: James Bond-obsessed amoral con artist Sick Boy , clean-cut athlete Tommy , simpleminded, good-natured Spud, and violent sociopath Begbie .
2592	O	Sick Boy, Spud and Renton are all heroin addicts and spend their time shooting up at the flat of their drug dealer "Mother Superior" Swanney .
2593	O	After awaking from a heroin induced state, Renton decides to quit heroin.
2594	O	Realizing he needs one last high he buys opium rectal suppositories from Mikey Forrester .
2595	O	After this final hit  he locks himself into a cheap hotel room to endure withdrawal.
2596	O	He realises that being around his friends sober, he feels that he is missing something.
2597	O	He later goes with his friends to a club, finding that his sex drive has returned and eventually leaves with a young woman named Diane .
2598	O	After sex Diane refuses to let him sleep in her room and he spends the night on a sofa in the hallway of the flat.
2599	B	In the morning he realizes that Diane is a fifteen-year-old schoolgirl and that her "flatmates" are actually her parents.
2600	O	Horrified, Renton tries to shake the incident but is forced to remain in touch after Diane blackmails him.
2601	O	Tommy had been dumped by his girlfriend Lizzy after a chain of events initiated by Renton.
2602	O	Renton had stolen one of Tommy and Lizzy's personal sex tapes, hiding it in the case of a football video.
2603	O	Lizzy angrily believed that Tommy had returned their tape to the video store.
2604	O	Sick Boy, Spud and Renton decide to start using heroin again and a brokenhearted Tommy begins using as well, despite Renton's reluctance to get him started.
2605	B	One day the group's heroin-induced stupor at Swanney's flat is violently interrupted when Allison, their friend and fellow addict, discovers that her infant daughter Dawn has died from neglect.
2606	O	All are horrified and grief-stricken especially Sick Boy who is implied to be Dawn's father.
2607	B	Renton and Spud are later caught stealing from a book shop and are pursued by security guards and arrested.
2609	O	Despite support from his family Renton is constantly depressed and bored with life and escapes to Swanney's flat where he nearly dies of an overdose.
2610	O	Renton's parents take him home and lock him in his old bedroom so he can beat the addiction.
2611	O	As Renton lies in his bed and goes through severe withdrawal symptoms, he hallucinates Diane singing on the bed, his friends giving him advice and Allison's dead baby crawling on the ceiling.
2612	O	The heroin withdrawal is inter-cut with an imagined TV game show in which host Dale Winton asks Renton's parents questions about HIV.
2613	O	Renton is finally roused from his nightmares and hallucination by his parents who tell him he needs to get tested.
2614	O	Despite years of sharing syringes with other addicts Renton tests negative.
2615	O	Though clean of heroin, Renton is nevertheless bored and depressed, feeling that his life has no purpose.
2616	O	He visits Tommy in his now dark filthy flat.
2617	O	Tommy is now a full-on heroin addict and is HIV positive.
2618	O	On Diane's advice, Renton moves to London and starts a job as a property letting agent.
2619	O	He begins to enjoy his new life of sobriety and saves up money on the side while corresponding with Diane.
2620	O	Begbie commits an armed robbery and arrives at Renton's London flat seeking a hiding place.
2621	O	Sick Boy, who now sees himself as a well-connected pimp and drug pusher also shows up at Renton's doorstep.
2622	B	They soon learn of Tommy's death from toxoplasmosis and travel back to Edinburgh for his funeral.
2623	O	Back home, they meet Spud, who has been released from prison.
2624	O	Sick Boy suggests a profitable but dangerous heroin transaction, but needs Renton to supply half of the initial £4,000.
2625	O	After the purchase, Renton injects a dose of heroin to test the purity.
2626	O	The four then sell the heroin to a dealer for £16,000.
2627	O	They go to a pub and celebrate, discussing possible plans for the money.
2628	O	As Begbie and Sick Boy leave to order another round of drinks, Renton suggests to Spud that they steal the money, but Spud is too frightened of Begbie to consider it.
2629	O	Renton believes that neither Sick Boy nor Begbie deserve the cash.
2632	O	When Begbie awakens he destroys the hotel room in a violent rage which attracts the police.
2633	O	Renton travels to London and vows to live a stable, traditional life.
2634	B	Later, Spud finds £2,000 Renton has left for him, so he can have a clean start.
2635	O	A German student, Stefan, who has finished his mathematics studies, decides to have an adventure, get out of his conservative skin{{Clarify}} and to burn his bridges.
2636	O	After hitch-hiking to Paris, he makes a friend playing cards in a bar and they decide to commit a burglary to get some money.
2637	O	He meets a free-spirited American girl called Estelle and follows her to Ibiza.
2638	O	He discovers Estelle is involved with a former-Nazi German man called Dr. Wolf.
2639	O	Stefan saves Estelle from Dr. Wolf only to find she does not really want to be saved, and she introduces him to heroin  which she has stolen from Dr. Wolf.
2640	O	Stefan is initially against Estelle using heroin, but having used it previously, she persuades him to try it.
2641	O	Soon Stefan and Estelle are both heavily addicted to heroin.
2642	O	They try to break the addiction using LSD and initially manage to stay clean.
2643	O	However, after a while they're both using heroin again.
2644	O	Unable to break free of the addition, it quickly spirals out of control leading to a tragic end for Stefan.
2647	O	Captain Blood is pardoned by the Crown for his crimes against Spain on the Spanish Main.
2648	O	By 1690 he is living in the West Indies on his plantation where he practices medicine and is to be married to Isabella.
2649	B	His new life is put in danger when he is arrested on a piracy charge after somebody raids the island making him look guilty.
2650	O	To prove otherwise he has to sail again.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0044475/plotsummary/
2667	O	Jo Weisman, a young Jewish Parisian, and his family are taken by the Nazis and Vichy collaborators in the rafle du Vel' d'Hiv.
2668	O	Anna Traube, a 20 year old woman, walks out of the velodrome with forged papers; her mother and sister are captured.
2669	O	Annette Monod, a Protestant nurse, volunteers for the velodrome, and assists Jewish doctor David Sheinbaum.
2670	O	From the Vélodrome d'Hiver Jo's family and Sheinbaum are transferred to Beaune-la-Rolande.
2671	O	Monod comes along.
2672	O	The parents are dispatched by train to supposed "work camps in the East" , and Sheinbaum too.
2673	O	Monod wants to come along, but Sheinbaum talks her out of that.
2674	O	After some time authorities announce that for humanitarian reasons the children will be united with their parents in the east .
2675	O	Some children believe they will rejoin their parents.
2676	B	However, Jo and another boy, Pavel, escape under barbed wire, taking along money that the family had hidden in the toilets along with their valuables.
2677	O	After the war Monod searches for survivors at the Hôtel Lutetia.
2678	O	She finds Jo, who has survived and is to be adopted by a family, and a younger boy Noé, to whom she had also been close; he had somehow slipped out of the group of children taken away on the train to the extermination camps.
2679	O	When Teresa  was left in Mexico by a husband who hiked it up to Montreal, she followed in search of him with the help of Fenton , a grocery-store stock boy, but little does her new companion know of the mystery surrounding this mistress and her equally enigmatic ex-suitor.
2680	O	This emotionally ambitious and frequently comedic feature follows the two as they travel across Montreal, often encountering colorful characters who lead them to the final denouement, where Teresa will have more explaining to do than she ever expected.
2842	O	The film begins with a bus journey.
2843	O	Vishwam  and Sita , it is the most important journey in their life; they have cut themselves off from their family, and intend run away to a new place to fend for themselves.
2844	O	They settle in a big city.
2845	O	The early days are happy, but soon they run short of money.
2846	O	Vishwam, an aspiring writer looking for employment, can't publish his novel .
2847	O	The chatter at the publisher's office makes it evident that only the established and famous matter in the world.
2848	O	It is an elite club; the doors are closed to upcoming writers like Vishwam.
2849	O	Sita's ornaments are sold; they change residence from a good hotel to an ordinary one, and then to a dilapidated house in a none-too-respectable locality.
2850	O	Vishwam takes a job as a college teacher.
2851	O	The school is a sinking ship and its proprietor a failed and bitter businessman.
2852	O	Vishwam next becomes a clerk in a timber shop, taking the place of a dismissed employee.
2853	O	Vishwam and Sita try to set up a happy home.
2854	O	Around there are good neighbours and bad ones; helpers and exploiters.
2855	O	Soon their dream fade as they struggle on precariously.
2856	O	There are many hardships, but big compensations of love.
2857	B	Vishwam suddenly dies, and Sita and her baby are left behind to face the myriad problems of life.
2858	O	The film ends with unanswered questions.
2859	O	Hélène, a widow who runs an antique business from her own apartment in Boulogne-sur-Mer, is visited by a past lover, Alphonse.
2860	O	Her stepson, Bernard, is tormented by the memory of a girl named Muriel whom he has participated in torturing while doing military service in Algeria.
2861	O	The story takes place over 15 days in September–October 1962.
2862	O	An extended sequence takes place on the first day .
2863	O	Another long sequence takes place on the last day .
2864	O	The intervening days are represented in a series of fragmented scenes, which are chronological but seldom consecutive, and the passage of time is blurred.
2865	O	Acid Factory is about a group of characters whose sense of past has vanished in a haze of coma like sleep they have woken up from only to discover that reality could be a figment of their imagination.
2866	O	Their sense of right or wrong is clouded by this state of complete distrust and self-righteousness.
2867	O	As the story reveals through the hazy mist of confusion confounded by loss off memory, the audience is just shown the tip of the iceberg.
2868	O	Five men wake up inside the stolid confines of a factory to find themselves locked in this claustrophobic nowhere land.
2869	O	As the plot unfolds we gradually learn that two of the people who are trapped have been kidnapped and held hostage by the rest of the three for a heist.
2870	O	But the irony is they themselves do not know who the hostages are and who the kidnappers are.
2871	O	The plot is like a Rubik cube that acquires the contours of solid colours on each side as the narrative unfolds.
2872	O	Their fears are heightened by a phone call from the leader of the gang of goons who informs them that he is on his way with the heist and plans to knock off the two hostages as soon as he arrives.
2873	O	Every one fears for their lives as they are unaware about the fact which two of them are the hostages.
2874	B	They plan escape, fail and end lunging at each other in despair as the clock ticks away.
2875	O	Individual foibles and shortcomings surface in this final hour of despair.
2876	O	Like caged animals they alternately bicker among themselves and then jointly plan means of escape but to no avail.
2877	O	The Big Boss eventually arrives.
2881	O	Romeo is an undercover cop who becomes a part of this plan to get close to the gang headed by Kaiser.
2882	O	In the end, the gang goes to jail and Romeo and Sarthak get back to their lives.
2888	O	The film follows Clash on his early years in Baltimore, Maryland, how he came to meet Kermit Love and Jim Henson, and the phenomenon of Elmo.
2912	O	Ganesh , a young man with a deep fear of ghosts who refuses to even go out after 6pm, moves into a new house with his mother, father and wife not knowing that it is the residence where Muni met his death and where his spirit now resides.
2913	O	Muni enter Ganesh's body and Ganesh starts behaving in a rude manner, his family couldn't understand why his behaviour is weird so they seek the help of a priest .
2914	O	Priest asks the ghost about his whereabouts.
2915	O	Ghost says that he is Muniyaandi and starts saying his flashback.
2916	O	Muniyaandi was a kind-hearted poor man living in the slums with his daughter and other people.
2917	O	Muni's friend is Marakka Dhandapani MLA who uses Muni to make him win in elections and promising that he would give lands to poor people.
2918	O	Dhandapani wins the election but he cheats Muni.
2919	B	Muni fights with Dhandapaani but he kills both him and his daughter.
2920	O	Dhandapaani lies to poor people saying that Muni and his Daughter had fled with the money he had given Muni for the welfare of the village residents.
2921	O	Ganesh accepts Muni and he enters his body.
2922	O	Ganesh enters Dhandapaani's household and terrorizes him and his assistants.
2923	O	Dhandapaani comes to know that the spirit of Muni resides in Ganesh's body so he sets a contract killer  to finish him.
2924	O	In the climax, at Ayyanaar temple Dhandapaani confesses to people that he only killed Muni.
2925	O	Muni talks to people and eats the feast prepared by his people.
2926	O	Muni then resides again in Ganesh and finishes off Dhandapaani.
2927	O	Ganesh comes back to normal.
2947	O	It is not a language that flows out of you, an immigrant writer says of Hebrew, which he first learned when he moved to Israel.
2948	O	"It's more like shoveling gravel out of your mouth."
2949	O	Hebrew might be Israel's national language, but the nation has always had a large number of immigrants who arrive speaking their own native tongues.
2950	O	According to Misafa Lesafa, these Israeli immigrants face a conflict between the reflexive language of their childhood and the new language that surrounds them, and no one feels this conflict more sharply than the artists whose passions rely on words.
2951	O	Misafa Lesafa explores the inner workings of writers’ mind to reveal how each one handles their craft differently, and responds differently to the common linguistic conflict they face: How do you find your voice when two languages pull you in different directions?
2952	O	One Russian poet says he felt that being bilingual would threaten his writing because instead of using one language perfectly, he would rely on two watered-down, imperfect languages.
2953	O	He speaks violently when explaining how he had to force Russian out of his mind once he learned Hebrew.
2954	O	Although Russian words were eventually lost, he grew to realize that his poems borrowed their musical rhythm from Pushkin and Lermontov—the great Russian writers who had first impressed him.
2955	O	Many of the poets share this intensity when they speak about language.
2956	O	One woman describes her relationship to her first language in terms of a primal, infantile love.
2957	O	Like a little girl crawling into her mother’s lap, she says, she sinks into her native tongue when she is emotionally strained.
2958	O	And when she hears it spoken, it feels like drinking motherly milk.
2964	O	Frank  and Loyd  spend most of their time drinking, flirting with women (even though Frank is married to Paulette  and thinking of get rich quick schemes since they can't seem to hold down jobs.
2965	O	They tried frog farming and squirrel ranching among other things and now are in a failing roofing business.
2967	B	However, their idea is stolen and they soon run out of money.
2986	O	The movie is about Gattu  who is living the life his father chose for him.
2987	O	When Gattu was young, on one of his birthdays, skinheads broke his home window and yelled "We don't want you in our country."
2988	O	His father, Gurtej Singh Kahlon  grabbed a pot and beat one of the skinheads.
2989	O	He was arrested soon after but then released.
2991	O	This changed Gattu's father and made him a kind of leader in the predominately Indian area of Southall in West London.
2992	O	He made a lot of changes that stopped racism where he lived.
2993	O	But his children were not allowed to do what they wanted and had to be very traditional Sikhs.
2994	O	Gattu had been good at cricket and wanted to play for England, though his dad would never let him become a member of the England team.
2995	O	In the present day, Gattu's girlfriend Simran  and siblings convince him to give it a shot.
2996	O	If he gets on the team, their father might be able to realize that the world isn't as racist as it used to be.
2998	B	Seeing his son on a team he despises gives him a heart attack and he ends up in the E.R.
2999	O	Gattu plays cricket anyway.
3000	O	He is deeply hurt to be disgraced by his father, but he also loves cricket, and hopes to change his father.
3001	O	The people of Southall all come together, and try to convince Gurtej that it is okay to be a cricket player for England.
3002	O	He locks himself inside the house, where his wife tells him that she has never acted as a mother, only a wife, and often forgot she was both.
3003	O	She turns on the T.V., wanting to see her son fulfill his dream.
3004	O	Gurtej watches with her, and realizes how badly he had treated his son.
3005	O	The family comes back in the house, and Gurtej requests for one of them to drive him to the stadium.
3006	O	Gattu is playing poorly, because he is so upset that his father disgraced him.
3007	O	Only at the last ball of the game, does Gattu manage to win the championship for England.
3008	O	His father compares his bowling to Late Lala Amarnath.
3009	O	His father apologizes to him, and Gattu's siblings are now able to pursue their dreams.
3010	O	Misaki's husband Ken'ichi dies in a car accident soon after their marriage.
3011	O	Misaki's husband Ken'ichi dies in a car accident soon after their marriage.
3012	O	As the first anniversary of his death nears, Misaki is still in mourning for Ken'ichi.
3013	O	Ken'ichi had managed the Sunrise Villa apartments, which his parents have managed after his death.
3014	O	A psychic claims to have received word from Ken'ichi's spirit that he wants the apartments to be kept running responsibly.
3015	O	Misaki, believing the psychic, takes charge of the apartments, working as the landlady, performing repairs, and responding to the demands of the tenants.<ref namehttp://www2u.biglobe.ne.jp/~p-g/data/2007/070102/apart.htm|title2010-06-07|languageP.G.
3016	O	Web Site}}
3017	O	Liberty Wallace  is the Vice President of Marketing of one of the largest gun manufacturers in the United States, McCloud Industries.
3018	O	She's the daughter of the company's founder, and married to the company's ruthless CEO, Victor Wallace .
3019	O	While former war hero Victor is busy trafficking in international armaments, Liberty takes business breaks to conduct an affair with actor Russell Williams .
3020	B	The balance of their marriage of convenience shifts when a sniper named Joe  aims his rifle at Liberty as she walks through a busy Los Angeles park on her way to meet Russell.
3021	O	Joe calls Liberty on her cell phone and orders her to shackle herself to a nearby hot dog vendor's cart.
3022	O	Liberty has no intention of acquiescing to Joe's wishes - until Joe begins shooting.
3023	B	Quickly convinced, she locks herself to the stand, only to learn that it is loaded with explosives.
3024	O	If she calls for help, hangs up the phone, mutes the phone, or fails to co-operate, the bomb will go off.
3025	B	Joe has also attached a bomb to Russell, who's now in his dressing room at the theater.
3026	O	Liberty realizes she can't buy her way out of the situation, and she is forced to consider Joe's demand for an anti-gun forum.
3027	O	It is revealed that Joe's daughter was fatally shot at school by a classmate who used a gun manufactured by McCloud Industries.
3028	O	Joe has decided to show Liberty what it's like to be on the other end of the weapon and the horrors of what she has had a blind hand in for years.
3029	O	Victor has apparently bartered illegal deals without Liberty's knowledge, ones that have resulted in easier access to weapons for street dealers - the ones who sold the weapon that killed Joe's daughter.
3030	O	Joe wants Liberty to use her political connections and this incident to spark a public debate on the Second Amendment.
3031	O	Despite his past, Joe no longer supports the unequivocal right to bear arms.
3032	O	Joe tells Liberty that she's going to die, but that she can die a hero if she exposes her company's shady business dealings and political connections before she's killed.
3033	O	As Joe monitors and records her every move, Liberty reveals secrets about her own past, and her business dealings.
3034	O	When Victor, who's also having an affair, finds out that Liberty has been taken hostage, he's torn between following company protocol - protecting himself and allowing Liberty to be killed - and going to help her.
3035	O	Victor and the media show up.
3036	B	At first, it seems that Joe, who is actually a former CIA agent named Alex, is using Liberty as bait to attract media attention, but then Joe guns down news reporter Bill Tollman , who happens to be the son of a hawkish US senator.
3037	O	After Joe shoots Victor dead, a SWAT team figures out what building Joe is in.
3038	B	Before they can get to Joe, he shoots himself in the head, and dies, but he has already forwarded Liberty's recorded confessions, presumably to one or several of the national newspapers.
3039	O	In 1492 Christopher Columbus is arguing with the king of Spain whether the world is round or flat.
3040	O	Eventually the King kicks Columbus out of his palace.
3041	O	Then Bugs Bunny emerges from his rabbit hole and asks Columbus what's bothering him.
3042	O	Columbus says that no one believes his theory, but Bugs Bunny says "She looks round to me, Doc."
3043	O	Queen Isabella of Castille speaks to Bugs Bunny and Columbus from a window, offering him her jewels if he can prove the world is round.
3044	O	Bugs Bunny tells Columbus that he can prove that the world is round.
3045	B	He takes out a baseball and glove and throws the ball “around the world.” When the ball returns to Spain, it is covered in travel stickers from all over the globe, proving Columbus’ claim.
3046	O	After this Columbus sets sail around the round, and Bugs Bunny accompanies him as a mascot.
3047	O	The crew thinks Bugs Bunny is bad luck and as time passes and there is no sight of land, these feelings grow stronger.
3048	O	When Columbus tells Bugs Bunny that they will hit land the next day, Bugs Bunny hurries to tell the crew and celebrate with them.
3049	O	The next day they do not hit land and many weeks pass by.
3050	B	Stranded with little food at sea, the famished crew decides it is all Bugs Bunny’s fault, and plan to kill him and possibly eat him.
3051	B	Bugs tricks them into jumping overboard by having them look through a telescope pointed at pictures of landscapes.
3052	I	After this, all the boats that were following Columbus leave.
3053	O	Now it is only Bugs Bunny and Columbus.
3054	B	As Bugs Bunny serves Columbus the little portion of food left, Columbus pictures Bugs as a piece of meat and begins to chase him with the intent to kill and eat him.
3055	B	As this chase is going on, the boat hits land and Bugs falls overboard onto it.
3056	O	As he claims to have discovered America, Columbus  makes the same claim.
3057	O	Bugs lets Columbus have the credit as "there is no use changing history for him".
3058	O	Marissa , is trying to fight a villain named Tick-Tock , when she goes into labor with a baby girl named Maria and manages to defeat him and send him to jail.
3059	O	She decides to retire because she doesn't want her stepchildren and her newborn in danger and doesn't want anyone to know that she was a spy.
3060	O	The film then revolves around the twins named Rebecca and Cecil Wilson  who always bet and compete against each other.
3061	O	Rebecca has no respect for her stepmother as she thinks that she won't be able to replace her deceased mother.
3062	O	Their father is actually a spy-hunting reporter Wilbur Wilson , who has little time to spend with them and has to go to work and has not even caught one spy.
3063	O	When Earth is threatened by an organization led by a hyperion mastermind mysteriously known as "the Timekeeper" , Marissa is contacted and called back into action by the OSS and has to take the baby with her, leaving a red-sapphire necklace  with Rebecca.
3064	O	When the Timekeeper's thugs try to break into their house, Rebecca and Cecil escape and go into the Panic Room.
3065	O	A video is shown of Marissa, telling the children why the Panic Room was installed and that she is a spy.
3066	O	They don't believe it until their dog Argonaut talks, as he is a robot dog, and they escape in rockets and go to the OSS but then are chased by the Timekeeper's minions until they avoid them by throwing bags of vomit at them.
3067	O	Carmen Cortez  helps them by letting them have gadgets as souvenirs and wait in a room but they escape and create havoc around the OSS.
3068	O	They later go to a clock shop as they uncover a code to where the Timekeeper is hiding and become frozen by Tick Tock but Marissa and Carmen help them by activating their gadgets and they all escape.
3069	O	Wilbur witnesses the fight and becomes upset, and is fired for destroying the evidence that Marissa is a spy and he is upset that she didn't tell him the truth about her past.
3070	O	The OSS brings back Carmen's brother, Juni Cortez  since he is their best agent ever and they have Rebecca and Cecil stay back at the OSS so they don't cause any trouble.
3071	B	But when the director of the OSS, Danger D'amo shows up and Rebecca notices his watch is like the Timekeeper and Cecil scrambles the letters of his name saying Armageddon, they are locked in.
3072	O	They escape by setting Argonaut to attack mode and smashing the door.
3073	O	The OSS agents are all frozen except Juni because he doesn't have his badge on as Carmen threw it away.
3074	O	Juni uses his watch to connect to Rebecca and Cecil to get the necklace back, and he unfreezes all the agents.
3075	O	However, with the end of the world pending and the necklace stolen by the Timekeeper, both Rebecca and Cecil find that they have no choice but take part in the battle.
3076	O	As they get some gadgets and help Marissa, Rebecca has to put her anger against Marissa aside to rescue the lives that are at stake and are able to get through Tick-Tock's minions.
3077	O	They stop the Timekeeper who reveals he is doing this to see his father back in time, as while working on something else, Danger got frozen as a boy and kept going back in time to see him and  accept time the way it is.
3078	O	Following that epiphany, he disables the Armageddon device and leaves the premises an older and wiser man.
3079	O	Rebecca tells Marissa that she and Cecil are her kids and "the best spies ever".
3080	O	Wilbur handcuffs Tick-Tock, knocks out his minions, and Argonaut comes with Maria who takes her first steps.
3081	O	When Tick-Tock tries to charge and escape Maria flips him over her head.
3082	O	And Marissa saying "Baby's first bad guy".
3083	O	Carmen and Juni announce that they've decided to be co-leaders of the "Spy Kids" program.
3084	O	In the end we see Rebecca, Shawn, Emily and Cecil choose new recruits and both say to the selected recruits "You are activated."
3085	O	The spurned lover Adonis  has to win over Athena's only Son; Atong  to court his single Mom; Athena .
3086	O	Atong decided the only kind of man good enough for his mother is a man with a big family.
3087	O	Adonis' help from his friends to work in special effects to transformed into his pretending imaginary family in disguise: a spunky Lola & a wacky Black American to able to win the Athena’s heart to convince Atong that Adonis is good enough to win the love of his life.http://www.flixster.com/movie/supahpapalicious#
3088	O	A student with a learning disability hires a self-centered teacher to make him smart enough to win over the heart of the prettiest girl in school.
3089	O	Whatever Mike lacks in brains, he more than makes up for in heart.
3090	O	But in the eyes of his beautiful classmate he may as well not exist.
3091	O	Desperate to capture the attention of his comely but somewhat shallow dream girl Mike enlists the help of universally disliked teacher Ms Goldwyn to increase his IQ so that he may finally form a blip on Hannah's romantic radar.
3092	O	The film has a Maharashtrian backdrop with many characters speaking Marathi dialogs and in Marathi costumes.
3093	O	Shanta Damle , who belongs to rich Maharashtrian business family, falls in love and marries, a not so well off writer, Gopal , much to her family's dismay.
3094	B	Later during the pivotal song, 'Piya sang khelo hori phagun aayo re', Gopal who has been away, surprises her by putting Holi colour over her, Shanta immediately rebukes him, for spoiling her silk saree, only to please her disapproving parents.
3095	O	But Dharmendra having been publicly humiliated leaves home, never to return.
3096	O	Phagun, the month in which festival Holi is celebrated, had changed forever, never to return for Shanta.Decisive moments, Holi Songs The Telegraph.
3097	O	Shanta is now left to raise their daughter, Santosh 'Toshi alone, who grows up to be a bright young woman .
3098	O	Santosh goes on to fall in love with Dr. Suman  and marries him.
3099	O	At some point, Shanta moves in which them for while, and soon her presence starts interfering in the marriage of the young couple, who tried hard to make adjust with her, only to create tension in their marriage.
3100	O	Shanta's loneliness, and her growing affection for her son-in-law, soon reminds her of the fact that how much does she miss male company, this only adds to her trouble and guilt.
3101	O	In the end, she begs that she be reunited with her husband, after all these years, and Gopal returns, and they are reunited.
3102	O	On the eve of a revolution in an East European country, Dr. Daniel Pavenic  sits down to dinner with some friends and discusses his past and his obsession with a former house servant.
3103	O	His shocking honesty eventually leads to his guests also disclosing some of their own secrets.
3104	O	In 1952, Deputy Sheriff Lou Ford  is a pillar of the community in his small west Texas town &mdash; patient, dependable, and well-liked.
3105	O	Beneath his pleasant facade, however, he is a sociopath with violent sexual tastes.
3106	O	As a teenager, Lou was caught raping a five-year-old girl by his adopted brother Mike, who pleaded guilty to the crime and served prison time to protect Lou.
3107	O	After being released, Mike was hired by the construction firm of Chester Conway .
3108	O	Mike eventually died on the job after falling off a beam through several floors in a building under construction.
3109	O	Lou believes that Conway planned the accident.
3110	O	At the prodding of Sheriff Bob Maples ([[Tom Bower , Lou visits Joyce Lakeland , a prostitute who is having an affair with Conway's son, Elmer .
3111	O	When Joyce objects to Lou's treatment of her and slaps him, he throws her on the bed and uses his belt buckle to spank her until her buttocks are bruised and bleeding.
3112	O	Joyce enjoys pain, and she and Lou begin a passionate love affair.
3113	O	Joyce suggests that Lou would never leave town with her, but they devise a plot to extort $10,000 from the Conways.
3114	O	Sheriff Maples and Chester Conway ask Lou to oversee the payoff.
3115	B	Lou has another plan: He viciously beats Joyce, believing he has killed her.
3116	B	When Elmer arrives, Lou shoots and kills him.
3117	I	He then plants the gun on Joyce, hoping to make the scene look like a murder/suicide.
3118	B	Joyce survives, however, and Conway announces his intention to see her executed for killing Elmer.
3119	O	Lou's reputation begins to falter: His longtime girlfriend and fiancee, Amy , suspects that he is cheating on her, and the county district attorney, Howard Hendricks , who arrived in town to solve the murders, suspects that Lou could be the killer.
3120	O	Lou is asked to join Sheriff Maples and Conway in taking Joyce to a hospital in Fort Worth where doctors can operate on her; Conway wants her alive so he can interrogate her as soon as possible.
3121	O	Lou waits in a hotel room while the surgery takes place.
3122	B	A shaken Maples arrives to tell him that Joyce died on the operating table.
3123	O	Lou and Maples return to west Texas by train.
3124	O	While browsing his father's books at home, Lou discovers some nude photographs of a woman that were hidden in a Bible.
3125	O	The woman was Helene, a housekeeper and babysitter in his youth who bears a strong resemblance to Joyce.
3126	O	Lou recalls that Helene introduced him to sadomasochism, urging him to strike her and proclaiming that she loved pain.
3127	O	Lou burns the photos.
3128	O	Hendricks arrests a local youth, Johnnie Pappas , whom Lou has previously befriended, as a suspect in the murders of Elmer and Joyce.
3129	O	He was found with one of the $20 bills Elmer was to give Joyce in the payoff; Conway had the bills marked in order to blackmail Joyce if she didn't leave town.
3130	O	Because Lou is close to Johnnie, Hendricks asks Lou to persuade him to confess.
3131	O	But it was Lou who had given Johnnie the marked $20 bill after taking it from Elmer.
3132	O	Lou confesses to Johnnie, who promises to protect him.
3133	B	Lou hangs Johnnie, making it look like a suicide.
3134	O	Johnnie's death only makes the town more suspicious of Lou.
3135	O	Journalist and union organizer Joe Rothman  implies that he knows Lou killed Elmer and Joyce and suggests Lou leave town.
3136	O	Amy persuades him to elope and acquiesces to his desire to spank her roughly in bed.
3137	O	At first Lou is satisfied, but his homicidal urges begin to resurface and, as his situation grows more desperate, he contemplates killing Amy.
3138	B	An alcoholic bum whom Lou had previously brutalized  says he knows Lou committed the murders and expects $5,000 to keep quiet.
3139	O	Lou asks him to come back in two weeks, when he and Amy plan to elope.
3140	B	That day, Lou beats Amy to death, then chases the bum down the street, accusing him of the crime.
3141	O	The bum is killed by another deputy, Jeff Plummer ([[Matthew Maher .
3142	O	The next morning, Plummer appears on Lou's porch to tell him that Maples committed suicide, heartbroken over Lou's crimes.
3143	O	Hendricks and Plummer try to get a confession from Lou, who cockily refuses.
3144	O	They have a letter that Amy intended to give him before they eloped, in which Amy begs him to come clean.
3145	O	Lou is arrested and sent to an insane asylum.
3146	B	After a few weeks, a slick lawyer, Billy Boy Walker , has him released and drives him home.
3147	O	Knowing that the authorities probably have evidence against him &mdash; and that the evidence could only be Joyce, who did not die after all &mdash; Lou begins to plot his own death.
3148	O	Joyce, now able to walk but still bearing the scars of that brutal night, is brought to Lou's house.
3149	B	She tells Lou that she refused to cooperate with the authorities because she loves him.
3150	B	Lou says he loves her, too &mdash; and then stabs her.
3151	O	Plummer opens fire, igniting the gasoline and alcohol Lou has spread around the house and causing an explosion that presumably kills everyone inside, including Lou.
3152	O	There are many continuations from "The 400 Blows".
3153	O	Discharged from the army as unfit, Antoine Doinel  seeks out his sweetheart, violinist Christine Darbon .
3154	O	He has written to her voluminously  while in the military.
3155	O	Their relationship is tentative and unresolved.
3156	O	Christine is away skiing with friends when Antoine arrives, and her parents must entertain him themselves, though glad to see him.
3157	O	After she learns that Antoine has returned from military service, Christine goes to greet him at his new job as a hotel night clerk.
3158	O	It is a promising sign that perhaps this time, the romance will turn out happily for Antoine.
3159	B	He is, however, quickly fired from the hotel job.
3160	O	Counting the army, Antoine loses three jobs in the film, and is clearly destined to lose a fourth, all symbolic of his general difficulty with finding his identity and "fitting in".
3161	O	Later, Christine attempts to guess Antoine's latest job, amusingly tossing out guesses like sheriff or water taster.
3162	O	Finally, his job as a private detective is revealed.
3163	O	Throughout the film, Antoine works to maintain the job, working a case that requires him to pose as a shoe store stock boy.
3164	O	The job separates Antoine from his relationship with Christine.
3165	B	Soon, he falls for his employer's attractive  wife, who willingly seduces him.
3166	O	He quarrels with Christine, saying he has never "admired" her.
3167	O	Fired from the detective agency, by the film's end, Antoine has become a TV repairman.
3168	B	He still avoids Christine, but she wins him back by deliberately  disabling her TV, then calling his company for repairs while her parents are away.
3169	O	The company sends Antoine, who is once again bumbling and inept,trying for hours to fix a TV with just one missing tube.
3170	O	Morning finds the two of them in bed together.
3171	O	The film's final scene shows the newly engaged Antoine and Christine, strolling in the park.
3172	B	A strange man who has trailed Christine for days approaches the couple and declares his love for Christine.
3173	I	He describes his love as "definitive" and unlike the "temporary" love of "temporary people".
3174	O	When he walks away, Christine explains that the man must be mad.
3175	O	Antoine, recognising similarities in much of his own previous behaviour, admits, "He must be".
3176	O	{{more plot}} An ancient fox spirit embarks on a diabolical quest to become human after escaping an icy prison, and becomes bound to a disfigured princess who seeks the love of a noble guard as her kingdom crumbles in this lavish supernatural epic.
3177	O	Confined to a frozen cell for centuries, malevolent fox spirit Xiaowei regains her freedom and seeks to preserve her beauty by seducing men and consuming their hearts.
3178	O	Should a man offer her his heart willingly, Xiaowei will become mortal, breaking free of the underworld and experiencing living among the living.
3179	O	Meanwhile, as a dark cloud falls over her kingdom, Princess Jing flees, hiding her deep facial scars under a mask of pure gold while seeking the love of her former protector, who remains haunted by his failure to save her years prior.
3180	O	When destiny brings Xiaowei and Princess Jing together, the battle for the princess' heart begins.
3181	O	Sibu lives with his uncle, aunt and sister Rani in a small village.
3182	O	While his uncle is indifferent to him, his aunt is very cruel.
3183	O	Mynah, a talking bird, is his best friend.
3184	O	One evening his aunt asks him to take a sari to her mother who lives in another village, which is a route through dense forests.
3185	O	As Sibu is crossing the forest, it gets dark and he decides to rest for a while and falls asleep.
3186	B	He wakes up startled by the terrible roar of a ferocious tiger who is about to attack him when a huge White Elephant emerges and rescues Shibu from certain death.
3187	O	The tiger is frightened and runs away and the magnificent white elephant, whom Shibu names "Airawat" and he become friends.
3188	O	Next morning Sibu safely reaches the other village and hands over the sari to his aunt's mother.
3189	O	She gives him some money in return to buy himself some treats.
3190	O	With that money Shibu buys some bananas and after returning to the forest, feeds his new friend, Airawat, who is very pleased and gives him a precious gold coin.
3191	O	Sibu returns home with the coin and tells Rani about his new friend and shows her the gold coin.
3192	O	She forbids Shibu to tell anyone, especially their greedy aunt and uncle and asks him to keep the entire incident a secret.
3193	B	Eventually the gold coin is found by Shibu's aunt and uncle.
3194	I	They become extra sweet to him and very cleverly trace out the origin of the gold coin to the White Elephant by following Shibu when he returns to the forest to meet Airawat.
3195	B	Meanwhile a Maharaja comes to the village for hunting.
3196	I	He strikes his tent near the forest and Sibu’s uncle and aunt tell the Maharaja about the existence of the White Elephant, which is very rare to spot.
3197	O	The Maharaja promises them a handsome reward if they can lead him the White Elephant.
3198	O	The Maharaja gives some money to the Uncle and Aunt when Sibu is handed over to him by them.
3199	B	While returning to their village, both Aunt and Uncle are killed by wild animals in the jungle.
3200	O	The Maharaja swears to capture the while elephant and learns about Sibu’s friendship with Airawat from Sibu’s uncle and decides to set a trap.
3201	O	The next morning, the Maharaja takes Sibu to the forest along with his associates and a dozen elephants.
3202	B	He puts a gun to the poor boy’s head and calls out for Airwat and threatens that if he does not surrender, Sibu’s head will be blown to pieces.
3203	I	Airawat surrenders and is taken into captivity by the Maharaja.
3204	B	Sibu becomes desperate to rescue Airawat and asks Mynah to summon all the animals in the forest to declare war against the Maharaja.
3205	O	Elephants, tigers cobras and other animals unite to attack the Maharaja’s camp where Airwat is being held hostage.
3206	O	They do not kill anybody but overpower the Maharaja and his lackeys and manage to successfully secure Airawat's release.
3207	O	Once again, a free Airawat goes back to the forest with Sibu followed by all the other animals.
3208	O	The story focuses on an American reporter who visits Israel with his girl friend.
3209	O	While there, he becomes friendly with the Arabs and Israelis.
3210	O	Before long things change and he soon learns that war will break out.
3211	O	The film is set just before the 1967 Six Day War.
3212	O	Larita, a glamorous American widow and successful racecar driver , meets young John Whittaker ([[Ben Barnes  in Monaco.
3213	O	They marry, and he takes his bride home to meet his family at their dauntingly large rural mansion, where seven generations of Whittakers have been gentleman farmers.
3214	O	There she meets her icy cold mother-in-law, Veronica  and disheveled, sad-eyed father-in-law, Major Jim Whittaker .
3215	O	Veronica, already predisposed to dislike her new daughter-in-law  is further disappointed to find that she is a brash American who, like the Major, speaks fluent French.
3216	O	Larita also meets John's former girlfriend and neighbour Sarah Hurst , who is gracious about the marriage.
3217	O	Larita remains calm in the face of her new mother-in-law's disdain, even being so bold as to reveal having been previously married.
3218	O	Veronica intuits that John will soon tire of his wife and hopes the marriage will end in divorce.
3219	O	She works on making Larita unhappy, while making John content to stay.
3220	O	Time passes, and to Larita's disappointment, John is not eager to leave the estate so that they can find a home of their own.
3221	O	Larita is bored and miserable in the countryside and hates blood sports like hunting, and indeed any of the entertainment country English people seem to enjoy.
3222	O	She reads Lady Chatterley's Lover, by D.H. Lawrence, which shocks her husband's female relatives, and she doesn't want to play tennis.
3223	O	She also dislikes Veronica's stuffy decor, her constant entertaining of her friends and the overcooked food.
3224	O	Worse still, she suffers from hay fever.
3225	O	She tries to get along with her mother-in-law, but Veronica refuses to accept her and naturally resents her attempts to bring some American traditions into the situation.
3226	B	Larita makes some inadvertent gaffes, accidentally killing the family chihuahua and giving some joking advice to the younger daughter, Hilda , that unfortunately results in embarrassment to, and enmity from, the daughters.
3227	O	Sarah comes to the Whittakers' parties, and to play tennis, accompanied by her brother Philip , on whom Hilda has a crush.
3228	O	Philip, however, is infatuated with Larita, which further angers Hilda.
3229	O	To Veronica's horror, she and her hunting party discover John and Larita making love in an outbuilding.
3230	O	Larita finds herself increasingly isolated and demoralized by her mother-in-law's derision, verbal attacks and dirty tricks.
3231	O	Larita's only sympathetic friends are the Major and the servants, whom she treats better than does Veronica.
3232	O	Still troubled from having lost all his men in the war, Jim Whittaker has lost interest in his home, and there is no love between him and his wife.
3233	O	The Whittaker estate has fallen on hard times.
3234	O	Larita's handsome and charming young husband, once in the shadow of his dragon-lady mother, loses his independence and seems immature to her as he is drawn into family life.
3235	O	In addition, John's affection for Larita seems to be waning, as he complains about his wife to Sarah, who finds his overture inappropriate.
3236	O	When John learns how bad the financial situation is for the family, his sense of responsibility to his family brings him closer to his mother and drives a wedge between him and his wife, as his mother had hoped.
3237	B	Finally, Hilda obtains a newspaper cutting revealing scandalous secrets about Larita's first marriage to a much older man who was dying of cancer: she had helped him die using poison.
3238	O	John withdraws from Larita, while the Major scolds his daughters for their cruelty.
3239	O	At Veronica's next big party, John refuses to dance with Larita, so the Major dances a tango with her.
3240	O	She determines to leave the marriage, and on her way out of the mansion, she apologizes to Sarah for having interrupted her relationship with John.
3241	O	She hopes that Sarah will take John back.
3242	O	Veronica shows up, and an argument ensues in which Veronica and Larita trade barbs.
3243	O	Larita finally leaves, but the Major goes with her.
3244	O	Furber , the family butler, wishes them well.
3245	O	{{Expand section}} Lovelorn village boy and girl crosses all barriers of caste and tradition to unite.
3246	O	When she turns 18, unhappy Lidda Daniels leaves Southern California to look for Charlie, her father, a professional gambler who abandoned her years before.
3247	O	On her way to Vegas, she picks up Colonel, a video store clerk whom she finds attractive even though they've never spoken.
3248	O	This film is most notable for its first poker scene in which James Caan and Vincent Kartheiser face off against each other.
3249	O	The drama is lessened because one of the players is playing Texas hold 'em, while the other appears to be playing five card draw, in the same game.
3250	O	The movie starts out with a meeting between the rulers of Baekje, Silla, Tang China, and Goguryeo.
3251	O	They are arguing why the Korean southern kingdoms have to pay tribute to China, even though Tang is only 50 years old.
3252	O	The king of Silla sides with the Emperor of Tang.
3253	B	The movie flashes forward to the scene in which Baekje soldiers rush to the king with ill news of Silla and Tang allying together, bringing an army of 50,000 soldiers.
3254	O	The Baekje council discusses battle plans.
3255	B	But in the end, all of the officials run away out of cowardice.
3256	O	The king of Baekje calls for the great warrior, Kyebaek.
3257	O	He accepts the offer to protect his country after three glasses of wine.
3258	B	Kaebaek is forced to kill his family in fear of something worse happening to them.
3259	O	Soon, Gyebaek engages the Silla forces in so called "battles" where the opponents insult the others with Gyebaek winning in the beginning of these battles.
3260	O	Shibnath  is a freedom fighter in the Indian independence movement.
3261	O	The film starts when, following the independence of India, Shibnath is released from prison after eleven years of incarceration for murdering a British officer.
3262	O	Shibnath spent a part of his term in the prison asylum.
3263	O	In the journey back home, Shibnath is accompanied by one of his comrades, Bipin —now a successful businessman and an aspiring politician.
3264	O	Shibnath experiences the aftermath of Partition of India , with his own family becoming refugees, and his old village now belonging to a separate nation.
3265	O	Once cutting a formidable figure as a virile and courageous freedom fighter crusading for a united and independent Bengal to drive away the British, Shibnath now stands in stark contrast: a fragile, fragmented shell of his former self as he awkwardly hobbles along an unpaved road through the countryside, stopping frequently along the way to relieve himself in the woods, unable to control even his own bodily functions .
3266	O	Shibnath's wife, Hemangini, urges him to make ally with Bipin who is willing to capitalize on Shibnath's legendary reputation for patriotism, by asking to accompany him in electoral campaigns.
3267	O	In exchange, Bipin is ready to arrange Shibnath the job of a school master.
3268	O	However, Shibnath remains disillusioned and mystified by the life that now lies before him away from his beloved—and irretrievably lost—homeland.
3269	O	Unable to abandon his crushed idealism and put his devastated past behind him, he withdraws further away from family and former colleagues, retreating into the tenuous company of his own fractured and haunted memories.
3270	O	Hank, the son of American judge Herbert Mikado, refuses to marry Katie Shaw, whom his father wishes him to marry, and so joins the army.
3271	O	He is stationed in Japan where he falls in love with a Tokyo art student, Yum-Yum.
3272	B	However, her finace, Ko-Ko, an American gangster operating in Japan, is determined to keep Hank and Yum-Yum apart.
3273	O	Hank's father had also sentenced Ko-Ko's brother to prison.
3274	O	Kate  is struggling in the advertising business in New York; she cannot move forward despite her talent.
3275	O	Her boss, Mr. Mercer , passes her up for a promotion because she is "not stable enough".
3276	O	Her co-worker, Darcy, invents a story claiming Kate is engaged to Nick , a freelance videographer who lives in Massachusetts, with whom Kate had her picture taken during a friend's wedding.
3277	O	All seems to work out well for Kate.
3278	B	After Nick saves a little girl from a fire and winds up in the news, Kate is forced to bring her alleged fiancé to dinner with Mercer and his wife.
3279	O	She asks Nick to "break up" with her.
3280	O	Nick, who already likes Kate, complies to please Kate.
3281	B	Meanwhile, Sam , a colleague that Kate had always wanted, takes notices of her.
3282	I	They have sex twice.
3283	I	As Kate and Nick get to know each other, she starts to like him.
3284	O	The night of the dinner arrives and Kate and Nick are prepared for their "big fight".
3285	O	But, Nick tries to suppress the "fight" by complimenting her and expressing the desire for a future with Kate.
3286	O	However, Kate just wants the "fight" to happen.
3287	O	At the dinner table, Kate tries to drive Nick into a fight but it doesn't work.
3288	O	She pays a restaurant employee to call her number and tries to make it seem like Nick is having an affair with an ex-girlfriend.
3289	O	At first Nick is a bit lost but figures it out and finally plays along.
3290	O	After a week, feeling guilty, Kate admits to Mercer  her cover-up, stating that she was dressing for the job she wanted, repeating a line that Mercer had used on her earlier regarding her instability.
3291	O	Mercer pays a visit to Kate's office, where she tells him she's quitting.
3292	O	Mercer counters by admitting to her how he exaggerated his own past at one point in his life, and suggests she take a few days off to go to Massachusetts and patch things up with Nick.
3293	O	Kate walks in while Nick is recording a wedding, and he rebuffs her attempts to patch things up until she humiliates herself in front of the soon-to-be-married couple, as Nick did in front of her boss earlier.
3294	O	Satisfied that the playing field has been leveled, he invites her to the wedding reception as his guest.
3295	O	They make up after Kate accepts.
3296	O	During the Second World War a British schoolteacher working in Denmark is caught up when the Germans invade.
3297	O	The plot is very close to the original play and 1928 movie.
3298	O	Racketeer and mobster Nick Scanlon  has managed to buy several of the local government and law-enforcement officials of a large midwestern American city.
3299	O	However, he can't seem to touch the incorruptible police captain Tom McQuigg , who refuses all attempts at bribery.
3300	O	The city’s prosecuting attorney, Welch , and a police detective, Turk , are crooked and make McQuigg's job as an honest officer nearly impossible.
3301	O	McQuigg persuades a sexy nightclub singer  to testify against Scanlon which makes her marked for death from the mob.
3302	O	McQuigg not only wants to nail Scanlon, but also stop all the mob corruption in the city -- without getting himself or his witness killed.
3303	O	Ravi or "Bunnu"  as he's called at home and Sandhya  are childhood sweethearts despite Ravi being poor, and Sandhya being rich.
3304	O	Sandhya's father who is a senior official in the Railways is posted to a distant location, Ravi and Sandhya are separated and out of contact.
3305	O	Many years later, Ravi  has matured into a strapping young man.
3306	O	Not being rich or influential, Ravi finds it hard to find a job and decides to approach his friend Prakash .
3307	O	Prakash is a happy-go-luck rich kid, whose family runs a large timber factory amid lush jungles, and is only too happy to hire Ravi at a generous salary .
3308	O	Prakash's elder brother is Aakash played by the veteran character actor Abhi Bhattacharya.
3309	O	Aakash is a bachelor, his devious father having caused the suicide of his paramour, a poor village girl.
3310	O	Aakash is often drunk, pining for his lost love, but loves his younger brother dearly and generally spoils him.
3311	O	Prakash is smitten with and soon to be engaged to, his father's friend's daughter Sandhya , who arrives at their jungle home.
3312	O	Yes, this is the same Sandhya who had betrothed herself to Ravi in her childhood.
3313	B	Ravi does not recognize her at first, but the moment of truth comes when Prakash asks Ravi to sing a song.
3314	I	This was the same song that Ravi and Sandhya sang in childhood, and they both realize it, though neither reveals this secret.
3315	O	Ravi is still in love with the girl he was separated from in childhood, but does not wish to come in the way of his friend Praskash's happiness.
3316	B	Sandhya also loves Ravi, and wants to marry him instead of Prakash.
3317	O	Till the climax of the movie, Prakash remains oblivious of the special relationship that Ravi and Sandhya have.
3318	O	Ravi's feelings for Sandhya are sensed by Aakash who has lost in love himself.
3319	O	Aakash is now faced with a choice: either ignore Ravi and Sandhya's true love and proceed with the union of Sandhya and Prakash, or break his brother's Prakash's heart and side with Ravi & Sandhya.
3320	O	Oblivious of Ravi's feelings for Sandhya, Prakash keeps asking him to entice Sandhya towards him.
3321	O	Ravi smilingly soldiers on, trying to find his own happiness in his friend's.
3322	O	Until, Sandhya threatens to reveal all to Prakash, and break off their engagement.
3323	O	Faced with this catastrophe, Ravi decides to leave his job with Prakash, and return to his village, but Aakash steps in and persuades him not to leave.
3324	O	Aakash has finally decided to defend the childhood love, against the will of his father.
3325	O	The seemingly complex love triangle, reaches a climax, with the childhood sweethearts being united, but at the cost of Aakash losing his life in the same manner as his beloved did.
3326	O	Bharti, a law student lives with her widower and blind dad.
3327	O	Ravi Shankar Singh is a singer and dancer; Bharti is a fan of him and never misses his music concert.
3328	B	One day Bharti is shocked to see Ravi getting arrested by the Police.
3329	I	She finds that, Ravi has confessed the killing of a man, Rana Singh and would be hanged soon.
3330	B	Bharti attends Ravi's last ever concert, but Ravi abducts her and forcibly marry her.
3331	O	After the marriage, Ravi was arrested and produced in the Court.
3332	B	The truth finally reveals that Ravi and Bharti had conspired together to overturn Ravi's death penalty to life imprisonment, but the Court is still not convinced and upholds Ravi's death penalty.
3333	O	Whether Ravi is innocent or is he a killer gets reveals in the climax.
3334	O	 The "gold diggers" are four aspiring actresses: Polly the ingenue, Carol the torch singer, Trixie the comedienne, and Fay the glamour puss.
3335	O	The film was made in 1933 during the Great Depression and contains numerous direct references to it.
3336	O	It begins with a rehearsal for a stage show, which is interrupted by the producer's creditors who close down the show because of unpaid bills.
3337	O	At the unglamorous apartment shared by three of the four actresses , the producer, Barney Hopkins , is in despair because he has everything he needs to put on a show, except money.
3338	B	He hears Brad Roberts , the girls' neighbor and Polly's boyfriend, playing the piano.
3339	I	Brad is a brilliant songwriter and singer who not only has written the music for a show, but also offers Hopkins $15,000 in cash to back the production.
3340	I	Of course, they all think he's pulling their legs, but he insists that he's serious &ndash; he'll back the show, but he refuses to perform in it, despite his talent and voice.
3341	O	Brad comes through with the money and the show goes into production, but the girls are suspicious that he must be a criminal since he is cagey about his past, and will not appear in the show, even though he is clearly more talented than the aging juvenile lead they have hired.
3342	B	It turns out, however, that Brad is in fact a millionaire's son whose family does not want him associating with the theatre.
3343	B	On opening night, in order to save the show when the juvenile  can't perform , Brad is forced to play the lead role.
3344	O	With the resulting publicity, Brad's brother, J. Lawrence Bradford and the family lawyer, Fanuel H. Peabody discover what he is doing, and arrive in New York to prevent him from being seduced by "gold diggers".
3345	O	Their goal is to break up the romance between Brad and Polly.
3346	B	Lawrence mistakes Carol for Polly, and his heavy-handed effort to dissuade the "cheap and vulgar" showgirl from marrying Brad by buying her off annoys her so much that she goes along with the gag in order to eventually pull the rug out from under him.
3347	O	Trixie meanwhile targets "Fanny" the lawyer as the perfect rich sap ripe for exploitation.
3348	B	But what starts as gold-digging turns into something else, and when the dust settles, Carol and Lawrence are in love and Trixie marries Fanuel, while Brad is free to marry Polly after all.
3349	I	All the "gold diggers"  end up married to wealthy men.
3350	O	Paul Prentice  and Karl Foyle  were close friends during their prep school days.
3351	O	Paul used to defend Karl from the violent attacks of their classmates, who ridiculed Karl for being effeminate.
3352	B	Some years later they are reunited literally by accident, when Paul, on the motorcycle he drives as a courier, runs into the cab that Karl  is riding in.
3353	B	Paul is initially surprised to discover that Karl has become Kim, but asks her out to get re-acquainted.
3354	O	Their first date goes badly and Kim assumes that it's because Paul is nervous about being seen in public with her.
3355	O	Paul brings her flowers at her workplace  and they go out again.
3356	O	This date works out better and they end up back at Paul's place listening to music.
3357	O	The two continue to spend time together, with Prentice teaching Kim how to ride a motorcycle.
3358	O	Their next dinner date, at Kim's place, is disastrous.
3359	B	Paul, struggling to understand transgender issues, drinks too much and ends up in the courtyard outside Kim's apartment, exposing his penis and ranting.
3360	I	The police arrive and arrest him for indecent exposure.
3361	B	Kim places a hand on one of the officers and he arrests her for "interfering" with an officer.
3362	B	In the police van, one of the officers makes crude remarks about Kim and places his hand under her skirt.
3363	I	Prentice intervenes and is beaten by the officer.
3364	O	At the police station, Paul is charged with assaulting the officer.
3365	O	Kim, his only witness, is terrified of being in trouble and intimidated by the police into keeping silent.
3366	O	She flees to her sister's home.
3367	O	At Paul's trial on the assault charges, Kim is able to gather her courage and testify for Paul.
3368	O	While he is still convicted, he receives only a token fine.
3369	O	A reporter at the courthouse tries to buy Kim and Prentice's story but they refuse.
3370	O	They return to Kim's place, where Paul is surprised and delighted to discover that he and Kim are sexually as well as emotionally compatible; they make love.
3371	B	Paul, desperate for money following the repossession of his motorcycle, sells Kim's and his story to a London tabloid.
3372	I	With the story splashed all over the papers, Kim thinks she's going to be sacked from the greeting card company.
3373	B	Instead, her boss stands behind her.
3374	B	As the film draws to a close, it's revealed that Kim and Paul are living together and that it was Kim's idea for Paul to sell the story.
3375	O	The special consists of a series of vignettes loosely tied together by the setting of a Renaissance fair.
3376	O	Howard Cosell narrates the story of Moses ; Ricky Nelson plays a singing minstrel; Cyd Charisse performs a butterfly dance; and Ann Sothern watches over proceedings as The Queen.
3377	O	Johnny O'Clock  is a junior partner in a posh casino with Guido Marchettis .
3378	O	Complicating their longtime working relationship is Guido's wife Nelle , who is still in love with former boyfriend Johnny.
3379	O	She gives Johnny an expensive custom pocket watch, the twin of a birthday present she gave her husband, except Johnny's has a romantic engraving on the back.
3380	O	Johnny gives the watch, along with a rejection note, to Harriet Hobson , a hat-check girl at the casino, to return to Nelle.
3381	B	Harriet, however, apparently commits suicide using gas.
3382	I	Her sister Nancy  shows up to find out what happened.
3383	B	She becomes attracted to Johnny.
3384	O	They eventually learn from Police Inspector Koch  that Harriet was killed by poison.
3385	O	Harriet was dating Chuck Blayden , a crooked cop who is trying to persuade Guido to let him take Johnny's place.
3386	B	When Blayden also turns up dead, Koch suspects that either Johnny or Marchettis is responsible.
3387	O	Though Johnny tries to resist, little by little, he falls for Nancy.
3388	O	When Koch shows both Johnny and Marchettis Johnny's watch and note, Johnny tells Nancy their relationship is through and takes her to the airport.
3389	B	As he is driving away, however, he narrowly survives a drive-by shooting, and Nancy realizes he was only trying to protect her.
3390	I	She refuses to leave him.
3391	O	Johnny decides to flee to South America with Nancy, but not before brazenly cashing in his share of the casino.
3392	B	Marchettis pulls out a gun when Johnny's back is turned.
3393	I	They shoot it out; Marchettis is killed and Johnny wounded.
3394	B	Afterward, Nelle offers to testify it was self-defense, but only if he will come back to her.
3395	I	He refuses, so she tells Koch it was cold-blooded murder.
3396	B	Johnny's first instinct is to run away, but Nancy convinces him to give himself up.
3397	B	The crew of the space shuttle Oklahoma comes back to Earth, one of its crew members having been struck in the arm by a tiny meteor, which evidently contains alien lifeforms.
3398	O	This alien life parasitizes its human hosts to evolve into rapidly proliferating insect-like creatures.
3399	O	The Oklahomas chief medical officer  works to stop the spread of the infestation before it reaches the "threshold" population, at which humanity will be effectively unable to contain it and the alien life will take over.
3400	O	The film opens with an evil scientist creating his clones and chanting the words "S Club, S Club, S Club" and as he says this he is joined by fans awaiting the group as they arrive in Barcelona, Spain for their last show of their tour.
3401	O	After spending the day promoting and performing, the band gets excited about having some time off.
3402	O	Their manager, Alistair shoots down their joy informing them that they will be leaving for LA at seven in the morning the next day.
3403	B	At the hotel, S Club ignores Alistair and after they get into their room, Alistair is attacked by the scientist's assistant.
3404	O	The next morning, the band awakens to find Alistair gone and he left them with the bill.
3405	O	Instead of using a credit card that Rachel finds to pay the bill, they use it on pampering themselves and end up in jail for impersonating S Club and trying to run out on the hotel bill.
3406	O	In jail, they learn that the warden likes to dance and to escape, they sing "Don't Stop Movin'" and get to their friend Natalie.
3407	O	She helps them get to LA, so that they can stop whoever is impersonating them.
3408	O	In LA, the band tries but fails to get close to the band, so they decide to switch out their Hannah, Rachel, and Jon for the copy's Hannah, Rachel, and Jon.
3409	B	While getting the clone's to tell them that they are copies, they figure out they are clones and decide to do something about it after tracking their creator down based on his recent online purchases of S Club memorabilia, only for them to get caught.
3410	O	Both sets of S Club are taken back to Barcelona, where the scientist tells them that he is going to take over the world through music because celebreties attract more attention than politicians .
3411	O	The clones save the band and then both groups have to save all of the clones he has created, including a Michael Jackson clone.
3412	O	Both S Club's sing "Who Do You Think You Are?"
3413	O	and the original group is able to stop the place from self-destructing.
3414	O	At the end, S Club are seen at the beach and the clones are taking their place.
3415	O	They have decided that the clones will take their place when they want a holiday, and the same vice versa.
3416	O	Bhagat Singh , a middle-class respectable police inspector, is assigned to investigate the death of a gangster named Moosa .
3417	O	He has to come to terms with the murder of his daughter and soon finds the culprit of both is a notorious gangster named Gawda .
3418	O	Inspector Singh arrests Gawda and his son only to find they have soon been released by court order.
3419	O	Gawda plots to kill Singh and has him killed.
3420	B	The brothers Ajit Singh known as "Fauji" , and Jai Singh  investigate, to find that the corrupt police are responsible themselves and are involved in running a mafia that has grown more powerful than the government itself.
3421	O	The Hong Kong Police finds itself in a public relations crisis after a disastrous shootout and the scene of a police officer surrendering in apparent fear to the mobsters was captured and telecast by the local media.
3422	O	Inspector Cheung and his crew are assigned to the task of catching these mobsters, led by the intelligent and resourceful Yuen.
3423	O	In the meantime, Superintendent Rebecca Fong leads an effort on the part of the Hong Kong Police to mislead the media and salvage the reputation of the police team.
3424	O	She sees the chance in a raid on the mobsters hiding out in an apartment, while Inspector Cheung leads his own team to search for the mobsters, with many gunfights breaking out in between.
3425	O	Yuen hides out in the apartment of Yip, a bumbling taxi driver and single father of two.
3426	O	With the reluctant help of Yip's computer whiz son, he plays an intricate cat and mouse game with the police, releasing suspicious images of the police being defeated to the media.
3427	O	Superintendent Fong thwarts the effort with tricks of her own, including releasing a sumptuous packed lunch to the numerous squads on duty.
3428	O	After PTU officers were defeated in the first raid attempt, SDU operators were called in to flush out Yuen and his fellow mobsters.
3429	O	Inspector Cheung successfully tracks down Yuen, though he is defeated only after a high-octane chase and gunfight sequence, with Fong held hostage.
3430	B	A young woman and two other people are killed in a Kindle County local bar.
3431	O	Experienced detective sergeant Larry Starczek  begins investigation on the murders.
3432	O	Soon everything points to the small time thief Squirell.
3433	O	Larry arrests him and makes the thief confess.
3434	O	After a short trial Squirrel goes to the prison where he'll be executed.
3435	O	The story now moves 7 years later, as new evidence surfaces.
3436	B	Nobody is so sure anymore that it was Squirell who actually killed those three people years ago.
3437	I	Furthermore, it seems that the judge from his trial wasn't completely clean.
3438	O	The film is the story of the de-population of one of the isolated, outer islands of Scotland as, one by one, the younger generation leaves for the greater opportunities offered by the mainland, making it harder to follow the old ways of life there.
3439	O	Robbie Manson  wants to leave the island and explore the wider world.
3440	O	Robbie's friend Andrew Gray  and his sister, Ruth Manson  are sweethearts and are quite willing to stay.
3441	O	Of their fathers, Peter Manson  is determined to stay while James Gray  suspects that their way of life cannot last much longer.
3442	O	But if Robbie leaves, that will make it harder for the others because there will be one less young man to help with the fishing and the crofting.
3443	O	Small-time gangster Ugo Piazza  gets released from prison.
3444	O	He tries to convince the police, the mafia, his psychotic ex-friend Rocco  and his girlfriend Nelly Bordon  that he wants to go straight, but everyone believes he has $300,000 of stolen money hidden somewhere.
3445	O	The events depicted in the film take place on a single night and results in several characters sharing their life stories.
3446	O	It is a fascinating depiction of some of the challenges faced by the poor and by women in Indian society, some of which continue to this day.Movie synopsis
3447	O	Taylor  argues with his girlfriend Jenny , before taking a hammer from his car and murdering her.
3448	O	He then wraps her body in a sheet, takes her upstairs, and hides her in his attic.
3449	O	He then phones Ray  and informs him of the crime.
3450	O	Referencing an earlier conversation in which a drunken Ray had suggested murdering Jenny, Taylor tries to convince him to help cover up the crime.
3451	O	Ray declines, leaving Taylor to deal with the consequences alone.
3452	B	He begins to clean the blood from the kitchen floor, and hears something moving in the attic.
3453	I	He goes to investigate, and hears Jenny screaming.
3454	I	Whilst investigating, he finds blood dripping from the loft hatch, and goes up to investigate, where he finds the body as he left it.
3455	O	As he climbs back down the ladder, he slips on the blood, and is knocked unconscious.
3456	O	On regaining consciousness, Taylor finds blood on his forehead, and looks up into the still-open attic, where he sees a hallucination of Jenny looking down at him.
3457	O	He goes to the bathroom and cleans the blood from his hands, head, and clothes, and finishes cleaning the kitchen.
3458	O	Terra , Jenny's friend, arrives, and finds that Jenny is missing.
3459	O	Taylor tells her that she has walked out, and left her phone.
3460	O	Fearing that Terra knows of the murder, he arms himself with a kitchen knife, but she leaves before he attacks her.
3461	O	Whilst disposing of the blood-stained towels used to clean the kitchen, Taylor takes a saw from his garage, and takes Jenny's body into the bathroom.
3462	O	Once he has put the body in the bath, Taylor closes Jenny's eyes, and prepares to cut her arm off.
3463	B	However, he is interrupted at the last moment by the shower curtain moving.
3464	B	He goes to investigate, and looks back to find Jenny's eyes now open again.
3465	O	The curtain moves again, and Taylor jumps back, hits the light switch, and falls to ground.
3466	O	The curtain is then pulled back, and a shadowed figure steps out from behind it.
3467	O	Taylor runs from the bathroom, and then the house.
3468	O	Whilst outside, a police car pulls up, and Taylor returns to the house.
3469	O	When Police Officer Diaz  knocks on the door, Taylor tries to stop her from entering the house.
3470	O	When she does, she begins to search the ground floor and, on finding nothing, goes to search upstairs.
3471	O	Taylor again attempts to convince her that there is no issue, and is forced to remain downstairs whilst Diaz searches the upper floor.
3472	B	Diaz does not enter the bathroom, and therefore does not discover Jenny's body, but Taylor stabs her in the neck as she turns to leave.
3473	O	The two struggle silently, with Taylor pushing Diaz's gun down into its holster to protect himself.
3474	B	He is interrupted by an apparition of Jenny standing at the door, giving Diaz time to draw her weapon and shoot him.
3475	O	The two separate, and fall against opposite sides of the room, where they sit against the walls, dying.
3476	O	Benny , Monk  and Matthew  are three small-time crooks trying to escape a police dragnet in New York City.
3477	O	After hiding in a church and taking minister's suits and dog collars, they emerge, dressed as priests, and find shelter in an abandoned Bowery mission.
3478	B	When beat cops mistake them for real ministers sent to restore the soup kitchen, they're forced to go along with repairs, holding services and feeding the poor.
3479	O	They have to decide whether to stay, steal the mission money and run; or, change their lives.
3480	O	Like the Priest allowing Jean Valjean to escape, in Les Misérables, it's the first time they've been treated with respect, and had a chance to do some good work, for awhile.
3481	O	The question is whether the police detectives or junior priests will turn them in before they even have a chance.
3482	O	Homer Smith  is an itinerant handyman/jack-of-all-trades who stops at a farm in the Arizona desert to obtain some water for his car.
3483	O	There he sees several women working on a fence, very ineptly.
3484	O	The women, who speak very little English, introduce themselves as German, Austrian and Hungarian nuns.
3485	O	The mother superior, the leader of the nuns, persuades him to do a small roofing repair.
3486	O	He stays overnight, assuming that he will be paid in the morning.
3487	O	Next day, Smith tries to persuade the mother superior to pay him by quoting Luke 10:7, "The laborer is worthy of his hire."
3488	O	Mother Maria Marthe , responds by asking him to read another Bible verse from the Sermon on the Mount: "Consider the lilies of the field, how they grow; they toil not, neither do they spin.
3489	O	And yet I say unto you that even Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these.” Mother Maria likes things done her way.
3490	O	The nuns have essentially no money and subsist by living off the land, on what vegetables the arid climate provides, and some milk and eggs.
3491	B	Even after being stonewalled when asking for payment, and after being persuaded to stay for a meal, and against his better judgment, Smith agrees to stay another day to help them with other small jobs, always with the faint hope that Mother Maria will pay him for his work.
3492	O	As Smith's skills and strengths become apparent to the nuns, they come to believe that he has been sent by God to fulfill their dream of building a chapel for the townsfolk--who are Mexican and impoverished--as the nearest church is miles away.
3493	O	When Sunday comes, Mother Maria informs Smith that he will be driving the sisters to Mass in his station wagon.
3494	O	Smith is invited to attend the Catholic Mass, but he declines because he is a Baptist.
3495	O	Instead, he takes the opportunity to get a proper breakfast from the trading post next door.
3496	O	In talking to the proprietor, Juan ([[Stanley Adams , Smith learns about the hardships that the nuns, led by the unyielding Mother Maria, overcame to emigrate from Eastern Europe – over the Berlin Wall – only to barely scratch out a meager living on the farm that was willed to their order.
3497	O	Though he has come to realize how unlikely it is that he will be paid, and partly out of respect for all the women have overcome, Smith stays longer and finds himself driven to work on at least clearing the construction site for the chapel.
3498	O	He rationalizes that it would be too hard for the sisters to move the heavy beams.
3499	O	After losing another duel of Bible quotes with Mother Maria, Smith acknowledges that he has always wanted to be an architect, but couldn't afford the schooling.
3500	O	His unfulfilled dream impels him to agree to undertake the  job of building the sisters a chapel.
3501	O	To earn money to buy some "real food" to supplement the spartan diet the nuns are able to provide him, Smith gets a part-time job with the nearby construction contractor, Ashton , who is impressed that Smith can handle nearly every piece of heavy equipment he owns.
3502	O	Smith supplements the nuns' diet as well, shopping for groceries to stock up their kitchen and delighting them with treats such as lollipops.
3503	O	To pass the evenings, Smith  helps the sisters improve their rudimentary English  and joins them in singing.
3504	O	They share their different musical traditions with one another: their Catholic chants and his Baptist hymns.
3505	O	He teaches them to join him in the call-and-response song "Amen" by Jester Hairston .
3506	O	Smith, determined that the building will be constructed to the highest standards, insists that the work be done by him and only him.
3507	O	Meanwhile, the nuns write letters to various philanthropic organizations and charities asking for money for supplies, but all their requests are denied.
3508	B	As word spreads about the endeavor, locals begin to show up to contribute materials and to help in construction, but Smith rebuffs all offers of assistance in the labor.
3509	O	As he gains a larger and larger audience for his efforts, the locals, impressed with his determination, but no less dogged than he, will content themselves no longer with just watching.
3510	O	They find ways to lend a hand that Smith cannot easily turn down – the lifting of a bucket or brick, for example.
3511	O	Once the process is in motion, they end up doing as they intended, assisting in every aspect of the construction, as well as contributing materials.
3512	O	This greatly accelerates the progress, much to the delight of everyone but Smith.
3513	O	Even Ashton, who has long ignored Mother Maria's pleas, finds an excuse to deliver some more materials.
3514	O	Almost overnight, Smith finds that he's become a building foreman and contractor.
3515	O	Enduring the hassles of coordinating the work of so many, the constant disputes with Mother Maria, and the trial of getting enough materials for the building, Smith brings the chapel to completion, placing the cross on the spire himself and signing his work where only he and God will know.
3516	O	It is the evening before the Sunday when the chapel is to be dedicated.
3517	O	All the work has been done and Smith is exhausted.
3518	O	Now that there is nothing more to keep Smith among them, Mother Maria, too proud to ask him outright to stay, insists that he attend the opening Mass next day to receive proper recognition from the congregation.
3519	O	She speaks enthusiastically of all that "Schmidt" still can do to aid the town, such as building a school.
3520	O	Making no reply to any of this, Smith tricks Mother Maria, as part of the night's English lesson, into saying "thank you" to him.
3521	O	Until then, she stubbornly had thanked only God for the work, assistance, and gifts that Smith had provided to the nuns.
3522	O	It is a touching moment between two strong personalities.
3523	O	Later that evening, as he leads the nuns in singing "Amen" once again, Smith slips out the door and, still singing the lead, the nuns' voices chiming softly behind him, he takes one last look at the chapel he built.
3524	O	Mother Maria hears him start up his station wagon, but sits stoically, singing along with the rest of the sisters, as Smith drives quietly off into the night.
3525	O	The movie was filmed on the northern edge of Tucson.
3526	O	The church doors were borrowed from the Chapel in Sasabe, Arizona and were carved by local Tucson artist Charles Bolsius.
3527	O	Dew  is a young computer programmer who meets Ton  in Chiang Mai during her distant cousin's funeral.
3528	O	They immediately become attracted to each other and start to date each other over the phone.
3529	O	Back in Bangkok on Valentine's Day, Dew refuses to accompany her best friend, Ked, to a blind date because she is anxiously waiting for Ton's phone call.
3530	B	The consequence of this breaks Dew's heart as her friend is murdered by the blind date.
3531	O	Dew immediately leaves for Chiang Mai and finds comfort in Ton.
3532	O	The two start a serious relationship and marry soon after.
3533	B	However, their new-found happiness is cut short when Ton dies of a brain tumor.
3534	O	Dew is again left alone.
3535	B	Before leaving for Bangkok, she receives a mysterious letter, seemingly from her dead husband.
3536	I	As it turns out, Ton had written a series of letters prior to his death and arranged for them to be sent after his death to his widow.
3537	O	The letters help Dew through her grief.
3538	O	She finally is able to live without the love of her life and continues to live in Chiang Mai with their son, born after the death of his father.
3539	O	Sid  has just been hired as superintendent of the Sleeptite Pajama Factory in Cedar Rapids, Iowa.
3540	O	He soon falls for Babe , a worker in the factory and member of the employee union's leadership.
3541	O	At the company picnic they become a couple, but Babe worries that their roles in management and labor will drive them apart.
3542	O	She is correct.
3543	O	The union is pushing for a raise of seven-and-one-half cents per hour to bring them in line with the industry standard, but the factory's manager is giving them a runaround.
3544	B	In retaliation, the workers pull a slow-down and deliberately foul up the pajamas, but when Babe actually sabotages some machinery, Sid fires her.
3545	O	Meanwhile, Sid has been wondering what secrets the manager is hiding in his locked account book.
3546	O	To that end, he takes Gladys , the boss' assistant, on a date to the local hot spot, "Hernando's Hideaway," despite her insanely jealous boyfriend 'Hine-sie' .
3547	B	He gets Gladys drunk, and in this state, she lends him the key to the locked book.
3548	B	Returning to the factory, Sid discovers that the manager reported the raise as having been instituted months ago.
3549	I	He has been pocketing the difference himself.
3550	O	Sid threatens to send the book to the board of directors if the raise isn't paid immediately.
3551	O	At the union meeting that evening, the manager agrees to the raise.
3552	O	When Babe realizes that it was Sid who engineered the raise and that he has only been attempting to avoid labor strife, she returns to him.
3553	O	Myles Falworth  and his sister Meg  live in obscurity on a farm in Crosbey-Dale with their guardian Diccon Bowman ([[Rhys Williams .
3554	O	This is to protect them from the attainder placed upon their family by King Henry IV of England  because their father has been  accused of treason and murdered by the Earl of Alban ([[David Farrar .
3555	O	When a hunting party comprising the Earl of Alban, the lord of Crosbey-Dale, and another nobleman, Sir Robert, stop at their farm for refreshment, they are repulsed by Myles to stop them molesting his sister.
3556	O	This confrontation accelerates Diccon's plans to send them to Mackworth Castle.
3557	O	The Earl of Mackworth , a close friend of their father, becomes their protector, and he sees in Myles the man who can rid England of the evil machinations of the Earl of Alban.
3558	O	Myles is trained to be a knight, is knighted by the king, and kills the Earl of Alban in trial by combat, foiling Alban's attempt to seize the English crown.
3559	O	Myles then marries the Earl of Mackworth's daughter, Lady Anne .
3560	O	As a descendant of an impoverished Polish noble family, young Wokulski is forced to work as a waiter at Hopfer's, a Warsaw restaurant, while dreaming of a life in science.
3561	O	After taking part in the failed 1863 Uprising against Tsarist Russia, he is sentenced to exile in Siberia.
3562	O	On eventual return to Warsaw, he becomes a salesman at Mincel's haberdashery.
3563	O	Marrying the late owner's widow , he comes into money and uses it to set up a partnership with a Russian merchant he had met while in exile.
3564	O	The two merchants go to Bulgaria during the Russo-Turkish War of 1877-78, and Wokulski makes a fortune supplying the Russian Army.
3565	O	The enterprising Wokulski now proves a romantic at heart, falling in love with Izabela, daughter of the vacuous, bankrupt aristocrat, Tomasz Łęcki.
3566	O	In his quest to win Izabela, Wokulski begins frequenting theatres and aristocratic salons; and to help her financially distressed father, founds a company and sets the aristocrats up as shareholders in his business.http://www.imdb.com/SearchPlotWriters?Polish+Cinema+Database+http%3A//info.fuw.edu.pl/Filmy/ The indolence of these aristocrats, who secure with their pensions, are too lazy to undertake new business risks, frustrates Wokulski.
3567	O	His ability to make money is respected but his lack of family and social rank is condescended to.
3568	O	Because of his "help"  to Izabela's impecunious but influential father, the girl becomes aware of his affection.
3569	B	In the end she consents to accept him, but without true devotion or love.
3570	O	Jane Callahan , a beautiful American lady, writes to her son, a cadet at a famous military academy, about a long kept secret.Twenty years ago she arrived in Russia to assist Douglas McCracken , an obsessive engineer who needs the Grand Duke's patronage to sponsor his invention, a massive machine to harvest the forests.
3571	O	On her travels, she meets two men who would change her life forever: a handsome young Andrei Tolstoy  with whom she shares a fondness for opera, and the powerful General Radlov who is entranced by her beauty and wants to marry her.
3572	O	Tolstoy and Radlov, much to the surprise and indignation of the latter, become rivals for Jane's love.
3573	O	She confides a deep secret to Tolstoy, promises to marry him, and together they spend a passionate night of love.
3574	B	But later he overhears Jane denying her interest in him to the General.
3575	I	Distraught, Tolstoy attacks the General who arrests his young rival on false charges and banishes him to Siberia to seven years of hard labor and five years of isolation.
3576	O	 Celebrating his impending marriage to Tracy Garner, Doug Billings and his friends Phil Wenneck, Stu Price, and Tracy's brother Alan travel to Las Vegas for a bachelor party, staying at Caesars Palace.
3577	O	The next morning, Phil, Stu and Alan awaken to find they have no memory of the previous night and Doug is nowhere to be found.
3578	O	Stu is missing a tooth, their hotel suite is in disarray, a tiger is in their bathroom, and a baby is in the closet.
3579	O	They find Doug's mattress impaled on a statue outside of their hotel and when they ask for their Mercedes, the valet delivers a police cruiser.
3580	O	Following clues to their steps, the trio travel to a hospital where they discover they were drugged with rohypnol, causing their memory loss, and that they came to the hospital from a chapel.
3581	B	At the chapel they learn that Stu married a stripper, Jade, despite having a long-term relationship with his mean-spirited girlfriend, Melissa.
3582	B	Outside the chapel, the trio are attacked by gangsters saying they are looking for someone.
3583	B	They flee and visit Jade, discovering that she is the mother of the baby, before being arrested by the police.
3584	O	Having been told that the Mercedes has been impounded, the trio is released when they volunteer to be targets for a taser demonstration.
3585	B	While driving the Mercedes, they discover a naked man in the trunk who attacks them and flees.
3586	O	Alan confesses that he drugged their drinks to ensure they had a good night, thinking the drug to be ecstasy.
3587	O	Returning to their villa, they find Mike Tyson, who orders the trio to return the tiger to his mansion immediately.
3588	O	Stu drugs the tiger with the remaining rohypnol and they drive towards Tyson's home in the Mercedes, but the tiger attacks them and damages the car's interior.
3589	O	After pushing the car the rest of the way to avoid the tiger, Tyson shows the trio footage of them stealing the tiger to help them locate Doug.
3590	B	While driving, their car is struck by another vehicle intentionally; the passengers are revealed to be the gangsters from the chapel and their boss, Leslie Chow – the naked man from their trunk – who accuses the trio of stealing $80,000 of his money and kidnapping him.
3591	I	Chow says he has their friend, and threatens to kill him if his money is not returned.
3592	O	Unaware of the location of Chow's $80,000, Alan, with help from Stu and Jade, uses his knowledge of card counting to win $82,400 playing Blackjack.
3593	B	They meet with Chow and exchange the money, only to find that "Doug" is the drug dealer who inadvertently sold Alan the roofies.
3594	O	With the wedding occurring in hours, Phil tells Tracy they cannot find Doug.
3595	B	Following a conversation with "Black Doug", Stu realizes where Doug is.
3596	I	The trio travel back to their hotel where they find Doug on the roof, moved there on his mattress while he was asleep, as a practical joke by Stu, Phil and Alan.
3597	O	Before leaving, Stu makes arrangements to go on a date with Jade the following week.
3598	O	With less than four hours before the wedding and with no flights available, the foursome race home, with Doug revealing he has possession of Chow's original $80,000.
3599	O	Despite their late arrival, Doug and Tracy are married and Stu breaks up with Melissa after having grown tired of her controlling his life.
3600	O	As the reception ends, Alan finds Stu's digital camera detailing the events they cannot remember and the four agree to look at the pictures together before deleting the evidence of their exploits.
3601	O	Village Chief Shangang is not a bad man, but he often metes out justice as he sees it without regard to the law.
3602	B	To punish a woman accused of beating and otherwise abusing her old mother-in-law, Shangang has her bound and exhibited in the village in humiliating fashion, after which the woman hangs herself in front of his door.
3603	O	Her husband threatens to report Shangang to higher authorities, and eventually prosecutors Su Qiang and Xiao Ding come to investigate after being tipped off by an anonymous letter.
3604	B	They find that they have to take Shangang away for his illegal treatment of the woman, and when the villagers complain, Shangang himself tells them to uncomplainingly accept the law.
3605	B	Sydney, 1952 and returning from a month away the private investigator Reilly finds his office has been taken over by the building's janitor, Jerry Vane, who has been impersonating him in his absence.
3606	B	Roughing Vane over, Reilly discovers he has taken a missing persons case in which an insurance company is trying to locate someone by the name of Alex Pleshette.
3607	B	However when Reilly presents himself to the insurance office to drop the case, the owner Max Arnett claims he never hired his agency to begin with.
3608	B	On the way out however, Arnett's receptionist inadvertently gives away the truth that Reilly was in fact hired...
3609	B	Heading back to his office, Reilly is confronted by two thugs in an alley who beat him and tell him to lay off the Pleshette case.
3610	I	In his office a short time later a beautiful young woman in black arrives.
3611	B	Presenting herself as Mrs. Pleshette, Reilly assumes she is Alex Pleshette's wife, however she curtly informs him that her husband is dead, and that she is actually Alexandra, better known as Alex Pleshette.
3612	O	She tells him to stop interfering as she is now no longer missing, and departs ... leaving him even more confused.
3613	B	Next day Reilly finds out from his police detective friend Jack Bosley that Alex Pleshette witnessed the murder of her husband, a wealthy tycoon named Donald Pleshette who was at the time being investigated for company insurance fraud.
3614	O	However she was knocked unconscious by the killer and as a result is unable to remember the event.
3615	B	Not long after this she went missing and no one knew where she was, not even her lover Gabe Preston, her husband's disgruntled business partner.
3616	O	Reilly recognizes that Preston would thus have a motive for murder, but Bosley explains that he has a strong alibi.
3617	O	Later, Reilly gives Vane a camera and instructs him to follow Arnett and take photos of anything that appears interesting.
3618	O	Meanwhile he drives to the Pleshette mansion on Noir Drive to confront Alex.
3619	O	She concedes that although she was bitter towards her husband as a result of the fraud allegations against him, she had no proof that her husband was even involved in the fraud, and that even if she did she couldn't disclose them because of the legal principal of marital privilege, whereby spouses cannot testify against each other.
3620	O	They are then interrupted by the arrival of Gabe Preston ... Alex introduces them before promptly leading Reilly out of the house.
3621	O	On his way out Reilly explains to Alex that whoever hired him did so on the instruction of her husband's killer, worried that she may regain her memory at any time, and wanting her close by if she did.
3622	O	Reilly says he believes she knows more than she realises, but she replies "at times we all want to be kept in the dark".
3623	B	Back at his office, Reilly looks through the photos taken by Vane, and in one sees Max Arnett meeting up with Gabe Preston!
3624	O	He promptly calls Bosley who confirms that Preston's alibi was in fact Arnett.
3625	B	Reilly rushes off to the Pleshette mansion but Preston and Alex have left for good... Far way on a tropical island resort, Preston and Alex lounge back on a beach.
3626	B	Alex however is unsettled ... her memory then triggered by the pop of the champagne cork ... and she realises it was Gabe Preston who murdered her husband!
3627	B	Looking down to reveal to us the wedding ring she now wears as Mrs. Alex Preston, it occurs to her that Preston now not only has access to the entire fortune, but that she is unable to testify against him because of marital privilege.
3628	O	Fred Madison , a Los Angeles saxophonist, receives a message from an unknown man on the intercom of the front door of his house saying, "Dick Laurent is dead."
3629	O	When he looks out his window the streets outside his house are empty and faint police sirens are heard in the distance.
3630	O	Fred then plays his saxophone at a nightclub that night, but his wife Renee  does not join him.
3631	O	Fred calls his house during a break, but she does not answer.
3632	O	Arriving home later, Fred sees Renee asleep in bed and when he later asks her where she was; she tells him that she never left the house all evening.
3633	O	One night, after the two have sex, Fred sees Renee's face as that of a pale old man.
3634	B	The next morning, there is a mysterious package that arrives on the front doorstep containing a videotape of their home.
3635	I	As the days pass, more tapes arrive, showing the interior of their house and even shots of them in bed sleeping.
3636	O	Fred and Renee call the police, but the two detectives Al and Ed  say that there's nothing they can do about it but agree to keep in touch.
3637	O	That evening, Fred and Renee go out to a party held by Andy , a band manager friend of Renee.
3638	B	There, Fred meets a Mystery Man ([[Robert Blake , wearing all black clothing who looks like the face Fred had seen on Renee some nights before, and he tells Fred that he is at his house right now.
3639	O	Fred phones his house and the voice of the Mystery Man answers while he's standing right in front of Fred.
3640	O	Fred walks away and asks Andy who the Mystery Man is and is told that he is a friend of Dick Laurent.
3641	O	Back home the next morning, another tape arrives and Fred watches it alone.
3642	B	To his horror it contains images of him killing Renee.
3643	I	He is then arrested for her murder.
3644	I	Tried, found guilty and sentenced to death, Fred is locked away on death row.
3645	O	Shortly after arriving, Fred is plagued by frequent headaches and is perplexed by strange visions of the Mystery Man, a burning cabin in the desert and a strange man driving down a dark highway.
3646	B	One morning, during a routine check of the cells, the prison guards are shocked to find that the man in Fred's cell is not Fred.
3647	I	The man is discovered to be Pete Dayton  a young auto mechanic.
3648	O	Since Pete has committed no crime, he is released into the care of his parents Bill and Candace , a former motorcycle gang couple, and taken home to their house in Van Nuys; at the same time, Pete is being followed by two detectives named Hank and Lou  to find out why and how Pete ended up in Fred Madison's cell.
3649	O	Pete goes out that evening with his friends and his girlfriend Sheila .
3650	O	The next day, Pete returns to work at the garage, where he is welcomed back by the owner Arnie  and veteran mechanic Phil .
3651	O	Pete is called on by Mr. Eddy , a charming but hot-tempered gangster, to fix his Mercedes 6.9.
3652	O	Mr. Eddy takes Pete for a drive where Pete witnesses him wave a tailgater on, then ram into the tailgater's car, after which Mr. Eddy and his two cohorts attack and beat up the driver.
3653	O	Pete goes out that evening with Sheila, who questions him on his moody behavior; they have a brief fight, but end the night by having sex.
3654	O	The next day, Mr. Eddy returns with his beautiful mistress, Alice Wakefield , and his Cadillac for Pete to repair.
3655	O	At the end of Pete's shift, Alice returns to the garage and invites him out for dinner.
3656	O	Soon, Pete and Alice begin a secret liaison, meeting at run-down motels every night.
3657	O	Alice begins to fear that Mr. Eddy suspects her and Pete of seeing each other and gets Pete to agree to a plan to steal money from her friend Andy so they can leave town.
3658	O	After being confronted by his worried parents and receiving a threatening visit from Mr. Eddy and his associates at the garage, Pete enters Andy's house through a door left unlocked by Alice and, while searching the house, discovers a projector playing a porn film featuring her.
3659	B	Pete ambushes Andy and accidentally kills him, and he and Alice escape with the money.
3660	B	Arriving at a cabin in the desert, Alice reveals to Pete that Mr. Eddy is actually a porn producer named Dick Laurent and he forced her to do the films.
3661	O	Alice then seduces Pete and says, "You'll never have me."
3662	B	Pete suddenly transforms back into Fred Madison, who searches the desert cabin and meets the Mystery Man again with a video camera and tells Fred that Alice is actually Renee, and that if she said her name is Alice, then she is lying.
3663	O	Fred drives to the Lost Highway Hotel, where Mr. Eddy and Renee are having sex, and waits for Renee to exit the motel.
3664	O	After Renee leaves, Fred breaks into Mr. Eddy's room, grabs him and takes him away in his Mercedes to the desert, where Fred beats him up.
3665	B	The Mystery Man suddenly appears with a portable TV and shows Mr. Eddy that Fred knows he and Renee have been having an affair.
3666	B	The Mystery Man then shoots Mr. Eddy dead and whispers something to Fred.
3667	O	The Mystery Man disappears and Fred drives off in Mr. Eddy's Mercedes.
3668	O	In the final scene, Fred drives to his old house, buzzes the intercom and says "Dick Laurent is dead" &mdash; the message that he received earlier.
3669	O	The two detectives, Al and Ed, appear when they see Fred standing at the front door of his old house.
3670	O	Seeing the two detectives moving in to arrest him, Fred runs back to his car and drives off with the detectives in close pursuit.
3671	O	As it gets dark, Fred speeds down the highway pursued by the police.
3672	O	In a rural village in Thailand, Mak  is sent to fight in a war and leaves his pregnant wife, Nak .
3673	O	Mak is injured and barely survives.
3674	O	He returns home to his doting wife and child, or so he thinks.
3675	B	Mysterious events occur around the village.
3676	O	A friend visits and sees Mak living together with Nak.
3677	B	The villagers, knowing that Nak died in childbirth several months previously, realize what is happening, that Mak is spellbound by Nak's ghost.
3678	I	People who attempt to tell Mak, or who know too much, are killed by the Nak's ghost, who becomes more aggressive due to her inability to accept her early death and her desperate desire to stay with her husband.
3679	O	Toward the end, Mak discovers what is happening, and shocked, flees to the local temple.
3680	O	The villagers attempt several solutions, including burning down the house and in the end summon a ghost exorciser to destroy her forehead .
3681	B	The country's most respected Buddhist monk  arrives in the final moments, takes charge and in a tearful farewell Nak repents, leaving her husband to live his life.
3682	O	Somdej Toh has the centre of her forehead cut out and made a girdle brooch.
3683	O	He wore it till his last day.
3684	O	The epilogue states that it later became in possession of His Royal Highness Prince Chumbhorn Ketudomsak.
3685	O	Then, handed down to many others, nondetected.
3686	O	Until now nobody knows where the item are.
3687	O	Jathavedan is invited to Elavamkodu Desam, a princely state in pre-independent India, to treat the king's wife.
3688	O	He comes to know that Unikkoman, the wicked king of Elavamkodu Desam, rose to power in coup and killing the noble king Udayavarman.
3689	O	How Jathavedan raises an army to bring the crown back to its true owner form the crux of the story.
3690	O	Four teenagers from late 1950s Los Angeles are on their way to Tijuana, Mexico: Dave, Woody, Spider, and Dave's brother Wendell.
3691	O	Dave, Spider, and Woody are there to lose their virginity, while Wendell came along with them to buy fireworks.
3692	O	They end up picking up a woman named Kathy, who goes with them because she wants a fast divorce from her husband, and they get into a series of misadventures south of the border.
3693	O	It tells the story of a rich young man, Cristobal, and his friends throwing a house party over the course of a weekend at his parents' home in Tepoztlán.
3694	O	It is implied through murmurings that his father is in Europe trying to settle finances and avoid corruption charges.
3695	O	At the beginning of the film, he is driven to the house by one of his Indian servants.
3696	O	They drive through a group of protesters without ever really wondering what they are protesting about.
3697	O	His hippie sister, Elisa, has already invaded the place with her drug-addled friends hailing from places such as Brazil and Japan.
3698	O	The two groups seem disparate but it's nothing that can't be resolved through sharing alcohol and marijuana.
3699	O	Already at the house is a family who work as the groundskeepers and Adan, also a twenty-something who has grown up with them but works for them, creating an uncomfortable atmosphere as Cristobal barks out orders.
3700	O	Cristobal and Adan vie for the attention of Dolores, an Argentine girl at the party whose family has also escaped Argentina due to financial problems.
3701	O	Cris also struggles with his girlfriend, Mafer, constantly phoning him and finding out that he didn't get into Harvard University, where his father wanted him to go.
3702	O	When he finds out that Adan did get into a university in the United States, their rivalry grows even greater.
3703	O	During a football match in the garden, Cris purposely fouls Adan, showing his bitterness.
3704	O	Cris and Dolores grow close and begin kissing, only to be interrupted by one of Mafer's phone calls.
3705	O	That night, a rave is held.
3706	O	Elisa, on an ecstasy trip, wanders into the garden and finds Adan sitting in a tree on the perimeter, as he had returned to observe their antics after he had already left.
3707	B	She kisses him, but then begins to overdose.
3708	I	She calls for Cristobal and he takes her into the house and blames Adan for what has happened.
3709	O	Cristobel starts a fight wih Adan but is overpowered, and in frustation calls Adan an Indio, as a derogatory, deeply hurting Adan and reinforcing their differences.
3710	O	Elisa insists that he should not take her to a hospital.
3711	O	Mafer then turns up, furious that he has been flirting with other women while she was trying to get to the party .
3712	B	Cris receives a mobile phone call, which he can see is from his father, but he doesn't answer it and bursts into tears.
3713	O	The day saw him rejected from Harvard, lose his girlfriend  and his sister overdose on ecstasy, with the rift from his parents firmly entrenched.
3714	O	The movie begins in the city of London, where a 30 year old man sits in front of a university board of 3 women.
3715	O	Apparently, the subject the man is being assessed in is Psychology of women, so hence the unisexual university board.
3716	O	The man is yet again told he has failed completely in the subject, and as he exits the university he is identified as Cheng  by his colleagues.
3717	B	Not giving up, Cheng decides to continue with the subject, but at this time, his girlfriend decides to end their relationship.
3718	O	With no females to talk about and understand, he cannot continue with his essay.
3719	O	On top of that, his mother is getting increasingly worried that Cheng will not settle down, and urges him to marry.
3720	O	She introduces Cheng to her friend's daughter Yoyo , and tells them it is a good idea to marry.
3721	O	In this modern world, both Yoyo and Cheng sees this as ridiculous, but Cheng's grandmother is 93 years old and she wants Cheng to marry too.
3722	B	So in the end, Cheng was forced to marry Yoyo, who was 18 at the time, tending to a contract that they will divorce within a year, and no sexual relationship will occur.
3723	O	Yoyo agreed based on the fact that Cheng was quite wealthy, and she saw that as an opportunity to feed her lifestyle.
3724	B	By chance, Cheng became Yoyo's teacher, and she has to hide the relationship from her school and her crush Kelvin.
3725	O	As life continues slowly, various things occur, and Yoyo slowly finds herself falling in love with Cheng.
3726	O	William Dudley  is a corrupt mayor of a nameless Midwestern U.S. city who has allowed an oil refinery to be built right in the center of town, far from any river, lake or reservoir.
3727	B	On one typical hot summer day, Herman Stover , a dangerously disturbed employee at the works has been denied an expected promotion and in addition, finds himself fired.
3728	B	He then decides to take his revenge against the works by opening the valves to the storage vats and their interconnecting pipes, flooding the area and sewers with gasoline and chemicals.
3729	I	It doesn't take long for this act of petty vandalism to start a fire, which starts a chain reaction that causes massive explosions at the refinery, destroying it and spreading a mushroom-cloud of flame that soon engulfs the entire metropolis.
3730	O	The drama focuses on a newly built hospital which, like the refinery and all civic buildings that went up during the mayor's crooked administration, is shoddily built and poorly equipped where the head doctor, Frank Whitman , and his staff treat thousands of casualties from the fire while the city fire chief Risley  keeps in constant contact with the fire companies fighting a losing battle against the fires, and Maggie Grayson , an alcoholic reporter, sees it as her chance to make it nationwide with her coverage of the story of the "city on fire".
3731	O	As the audience is seated, the planetarium dome is suffused with a cool blue light, with a suggestion of clouds.
3732	O	The presenter walks to the center of the theater and flourishes a glowing ball about the size of a grapefruit, which he/she alternately lights and dims to accent a description of how various cultures interpreted celestial phenomena such as the cycle of day and night.
3733	O	At the conclusion of the introduction, the orb fades, the theater darkens, and the audience experiences a simulated sunset projected by the laser video system.
3734	O	As the sunset proceeds, the star projector rises to simulate the night sky.
3735	O	The lecturer asks the audience to imagine how mysterious the stars must have seemed to ancient people, and then demonstrates, using the star projector, how people invented constellations in an effort to make sense of the randomly scattered stars.
3736	O	In accelerated time, we see the complex motions of the sun, moon, and planets.
3737	O	The scene dissolves to ancient Alexandria, Egypt.
3738	O	We see the Great Library and the Pharos Lighthouse.
3739	O	In a courtyard, next to a pool surrounded by torches, we see the 2nd Century astronomer Claudius Ptolemy adjusting an armillary sphere to chart star positions.
3740	O	Behind Ptolemy is a small table on which rests a scroll.
3741	O	We approach the scroll and see that it depicts a geocentric model of the universe.
3742	O	Paintings on the scroll morph into 3D representations of the sun, earth, and planets, which hover above the scroll and rotate within a complex system of crystalline spheres, illustrating the earth-centered model of the universe that persisted until the Renaissance.
3743	O	The flame from a lamp pans across the field of view and dissolves to a candle flame burning above the workshop table of Galileo Galilei in Italy around the year 1610.
3744	O	We move into a courtyard where Galileo is observing with his telescope.
3745	O	On an easel lit by a lantern we see his sketches of the moons of Jupiter and the phases of Venus.
3746	O	These drawings also morph into 3D objects to demonstrate how Galileo's observations transformed our perception of the planets and helped establish the Copernican model of the solar system.
3747	O	The film transports the audience through a series of environments, such as Mount Wilson Observatory in the early 1920s, when Edwin Hubble discovered the true nature of the Andromeda Galaxy and the expansion of the universe.
3748	O	Over the desk of an anonymous modern researcher we see a representation of the Big Bang.
3749	O	The device of transforming raw data, such as sketches and photographs, into 3D objects is used to suggest how scientists must apply imagination to interpret their observations.
3750	O	Towards the end of the show, the audience experiences a simulated flight through clusters of galaxies, into the Milky Way Galaxy, our solar system, skimming the surface of Mars, where the probable and tragic loss of oceans beckon the audience to wonder about the future of our planet, and then finally returns to Earth, landing on the front lawn of Griffith Observatory.
3751	O	The presenter once again appears with the glowing ball and delivers an epilogue, reminding the audience that Earth and everything on it, including its inhabitants, was made from the clouds of dust and gas that lace the Milky Way; we are stardust, and the universe is our home.
3752	O	The film is about an IPS officer Hari Kalyan Ram who is busy investigating the murders of a news reporter ' and then a well known doctor ' and then discovers that these are the murders done by his conjugal twin Ram Kalyan Ram.
3753	O	The story goes that Ram has a problem with his brain and is unable to control his hyper emotions about few things which makes him a beast at times.
3754	O	He would not even hesitate to kill and does not like anyone being praised or belittling him.
3755	B	In this process, he builds a grudge against his own brother who is good at everything and tries to kill him right during their childhood.
3756	O	Their mother  is unable to tolerate all this and takes it upon herself to change Ram, so she takes him away from Hari to avoid further hatred but then not much change happens in the nature of Ram even after they grow up.
3757	B	Meanwhile, Hari is often chased by Anjali  who poses as a bank employee but in truth she is actually a CBI officer who comes to arrest Hari since she suspects his hand in the killings of a news reporter  and a well known doctor .
3758	O	Apparently, the doctor happens to be the younger brother of the health minister Siva Reddy  and from then on the minister is closely on the heels of the killer.
3759	O	Anjali finally manages to arrest Hari successfully through a plan of hers and soon she realizes her folly when she chances upon his mother and understands the entire story of Hari and Ram.
3760	O	Why does Ram commit the two murders?
3761	O	Does he change his attitude towards his brother?
3762	O	Can Ram get out of the case smoothly?
3763	O	All this forms the rest of the story.
3764	O	It is winter once again in the Evergreen Forest, home of the frozen Evergreen lake, where everyone in the forest goes to ice skate and play hockey.
3765	O	Schaeffer, the old sheepdog, goes down to the lake, where he and his friends The Raccoons  go to play a round of hockey.
3766	O	Cedrc Sneer is also at the rink, too, where he meets Sophia Tutu, a female aardvark figure skater who takes an interest in Cedric.
3767	O	Meanwhile, Cyril Sneer has plans for Evergreen Lake - he plans on building his 'Cyril Dome' over the entire lake.
3768	B	But as Cyril and his construction crew are ready to build, the Raccoons and their friends stop them in their tracks and try to defend their lake.
3769	O	Bert then steps in and proposes that the two warring sides should play a hockey game to determine who gets the lake.
3770	O	Before Bert's friends try to stop him, Bert and Cyril seal the deal.
3771	O	While Cyril trains his Bears for the game, the Raccoons ask Cedric to play on their side.
3772	O	Cedric agrees, as long as he can get away from his father, who disapproves of Cedric's friendship with the Raccoons.
3773	O	As they train, Cedric is shown to be a great hockey player and the team feel like they have a good chance against Cyril's team, but Cyril goes to spy on the Raccoons and he is immediately not happy with his son siding with the Raccoons.
3774	O	He grounds Cedric for a month and he also forbids Cedric from seeing Sophia  ever again.
3775	O	Despite the setback, the Raccoons and Schaeffer continue to practice.
3776	O	On the night before the game, the friends decide to sneak into Cyril Sneer's mansion to ask Cedric if he will play alongside them.
3777	O	However, Cedric is more concerned for their safety and warns them of what could happen if Cyril finds them.
3778	O	A moment later, they are almost caught by Cyril, who claims he can hear other voices and angrily threatens his son not to go anywhere near the Raccoons again.
3779	O	Because of this, Cedric becomes too scared and the friends leave without his backing.
3780	O	On the night of the game, Cyril's Bears are pummelling the Raccoons team by 3-0.
3781	O	After Bert injures his hand, Sophia finally goes up to Cedric, who has been dragged along to watch the game, and convinces him to help out.
3782	O	Masquerading as a "mystery player", Cedric manages to tie the game 3-3.
3783	B	Cyril finds out who the mystery player is, literally kicking his own son off the ice and threatening to lock him in the dungeon as a punishment.
3784	O	The team considers giving up, but despite his injury, Bert refuses to give up so easily.
3785	O	The rest of the team are spurred on by Bert's courage and they go back onto the ice to continue.
3786	O	Bert manages to win the game for the team in the last few seconds, thus saving Evergreen Lake from Cyril's greed.
3787	O	The next day, Julie, Tommy and their father arrive at the lake and find skate marks from the game.
3788	O	They're utterly puzzled as to who left them, as the humans were never aware of the threat posed to the lake, leaving Dan to curiously ask the kids if they've "been playing any wild hockey games" lately.
3789	O	Sarah Travis  is fifteen years old and severely unhappy as a consequence of feeling isolated and inadequate.
3790	O	Her parents are divorced and she has minimal contact with her alcoholic father.
3791	O	Sarah lives with her mother, JoAnne, and stepfather, Matt.
3792	O	They do not notice how lonely Sarah is.
3793	O	She feels overshadowed by her sister, Nancy, and wishes to live with her father.
3794	O	Sarah commences drinking alcohol at a party hosted by her mother and stepfather.
3795	O	She feels uncomfortable with standard questions the guests ask her about how she is doing at school and what her favorite subjects are.
3796	O	Sarah is overcome with anxiety when she is forced to engage in conversations with important people at the party.
3797	O	She feels out of place in several situations.
3798	O	For example, her desire to fit in at school manifests itself with her attempting to become a member of the Glee Club.
3799	O	Unfortunately, Sarah is not accepted.
3800	O	Over the course of the film, Sarah makes numerous attempts to have contact with her salesman father, Richard , who often ignores his daughter's sincere attempts to have a meaningful father-daughter relationship with him.
3801	O	When Richard makes the effort to see her, he presents himself as someone who is interested in Sarah's life and wants to please his daughter.
3802	O	They often have fun together.
3803	O	When they meet, Sarah is disappointed to discover that her father is unemployed.
3804	O	He responds by asking Sarah to get him a beer.
3805	O	Her mood, however, improves when her father tells her that he threw his sample case from a bridge; this is a source of amusement for her.
3806	O	Richard shows that he is capable of showing affection for his daughter.
3807	O	Sarah is even more pleased when Richard gives her money in order to purchase an outfit.
3808	O	At first, when Sarah drinks, the alcohol seems to suppress her feelings of anxiety, insignificance and inadequacy.
3809	O	She associates happiness with drinking.
3810	O	For example, Sarah is embarrassed and humiliated when her mother arranges for her to attend a party at the Peterson's with a date, Ken.
3811	O	When Sarah emphatically states that she does not want to go, her mother's primary concern is of the social repurcussions if Sarah does not attend the party.
3812	O	Thus, at the party, Sarah plies herself with alcohol in order to satiate her feelings of inferiority.
3813	B	She surprises herself and others when she plays the guitar, which everyone at the party appreciates.
3814	B	When Sarah becomes inebriated at the party, her parents attribute blame to Ken, even though it was Sarah who made the conscious decision to drink copious amounts of alcoholic beverages.
3815	O	JoAnne is more concerned with the impression that the guests formed at the party of Sarah as opposed to caring about the welfare of her daughter.
3816	O	Ken exhibits an interest in Sarah.
3817	O	For example, he introduces her to his horse, Daisy.
3818	O	He invites her to spend a day with him and the two teenagers bond while riding Daisy.
3819	O	As a result of Sarah's close relationship with Ken, Sarah becomes more popular at school.
3820	O	While life at school improves for Sarah, her home life continues to be complicated, confusing amd erratic.
3821	O	For example, her mother decides to fire Margaret, the housekeeper, whom she has accused of watering down the scotch.
