417	1	Review to come
495	1	Braden Carmichael...that's all you need to know. Pick up this book, like yesterday! Very hot, but I have a thing for Scottish boys :).
378	1	A fantastic follow-up to Leaving Paradise. Definitely recommend.
670	2	4.5 heart-pounding stars!! Malcolm Kyle Preston Logan Saint is quite the sexy alpha!! I need more, asap. I know there is much more to Saint than meets the eye. This is one of Katy's best books. Full review to come closer to release day!
345	1	Rating: 4.5 I thoroughly enjoyed this book. Can't wait for the sequel.
289	2	This was the perfect end to an adorably, quirky, dark romance. To finally see Ash and Darian be able to let go and experience some moments of pure bliss. There is just something so special about Darian and especially in a union jack onsie. (hysterical) Glitterland is just something you have to experience.
380	1	A likable enough book but sluggishly paced
242	2	Best book so far. Much better than the previous two, Meghan grows up and grows into the role. I want a happy ending now!
47	4	I thought parts of this book dragged, especially in the first half, so it could have used some pruning from the editor. I also would have preferred a richer internal monologue from the protagonist, a greater sense of what she was thinking instead of just doing. That being said, I am glad I stuck with this one because it got better as it went along and I liked the author's writing style. Romance is a very secondary consideration of this book: the plot focuses more heavily upon Lilly's familial relationships, her friendships, and the struggles she faces helping to maintain her father's apothecary shop.
929	1	This one definitely wasn't as good as the second one. Not much happened, really.
714	2	Welp, we can all agree Nikki is a bitch.
260	2	I liked this book well enough to read it in practically one sitting, though I thought it lacked the level of depth and insight that typically characterizes Wolitzer's adult novels. The book also failed to sell the  twist ending about Reeve   adequately. I didn't have a problem with this plot development per se, but rather its execution. A good enough read to justify the time I spent on it but it did leave me wanting more.
155	3	I felt the dual point of view was well-rendered. Male and female protaganist voices felt true and balanced. I enjoyed the pacing, and felt the foreshadowing was adequate without being intrusive. Of course, as a fan of romance fiction I was disappointed by the ending...and thankful that Return to Paradise had been published so I could continue the story!
793	2	The problems with this book have been articulately expressed in many reviews. I decided the best way to reach my goal in a reading challenge was to listen to this on eAudiobook. This was a mistake on my part. Ariadne Meyers, narrator for Violet, does a creditable job; Kirby Heyborne, narrator for Finch, sounds far older than a 17 year old and as though this is not an audiobook, but a stage performance of incredible import.
865	1	Review Coming soon...
731	2	Although this book was not heart-touching or something, it was nice, just a fine read. I thought the end was a bit strange, when Madison claims to have stolen the diamonds. I mean, first she did not want her father in her life, then she loves him, and then he steals all those things, he lied to her, and she takes credit for it. That is not the Madison who wants all the fame .
764	2	I stopped shortly after his parody of the Jewish professor, which left a bad taste. Perhaps I will try again some day.
243	2	When I started this book I had no idea I was reading a 5 star. I don't like giving 5 stars for books that only take me a morning to read but this is different. A wonderful story based on a concept that probably isn't too far from the truth, with believable characters. And simply one of the most disturbing chapters I have ever read in my life - in a young adult novel! Fantastic book. Looking forward to reading the sequels.
996	1	Read ISBN13 as noted above: 978-0-06-241421-2. 353 pages.
619	3	An unblinking, unvarnished look inside the brutal life of a 70's MC gang. A perfect story with incredibly detailed references to South Florida in the 1970's. An ending that will take your breath away. Let the author stalking begin!
200	3	Silver Harris has a terrible track record with men, but when she crosses paths with Logan Byrne, she begins to think that sexy Irish vampires might be more her style. The lovers each have their own secrets though, and as their romance gets more serious so does the danger that is creeping ever closer... With plenty of heat, a bit of humor, and a mystery to round out the plot, Dating the Undead is a blast to read- paranormal romance lovers, take note! Thank you to Sourcebooks Casablanca for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
878	1	What an adorable read!!! (Review Coming Soon)
107	2	Goodreads kept recommending this book to me, but I was resistant because it seemed too light. Then, when I finally decided to read it, the (male) librarian who checked it out to me told me how wonderful it was and that I wouldn't be sorry! Normally, when someone at a video store or library says that to me, it's a sure sign I'll hate whatever they're talking about, so that made me even more wary. I'm glad to say that all my worries were for naught, as this was a very delightful book. It certainly was a quick read, but there was just the right amount of emotion in it, as it neither glazed over the surface of things too much nor descended into melodrama. And I've been having dreams about WWII ever since I started reading it!
343	2	3.5 stars, 8th&up So...there are new characters and betrayals, deaths and shocking truths, the return of Valentine along with plenty of demons, battles and alliances, but mostly there's Clary and Jace and wanting them to be together and them thinking they're siblings but still not being able to stay away from each other and that being completely squiffy, but not really because you know they can't really be related...and oh, thank goodness! when the truth finally comes out.
804	1	Maybe it was just not a good time, but I couldn't get through it... I loved  Of Mice And Men though.
871	1	Review to Come soon...
573	1	Great book about Galileo from the perspective of his daughter.
814	1	3.5 - 4 stars!! Review to follow for blog tour.
926	1	This is why kids don't like to read.
581	2	I swear this took me like a month to read...still, it was seriously amazing. Heathcliff is so unlikable but you just can't help empathizing with him
49	3	This book was amazing! It was also impossible to put down. Honestly, there is not a ton of plot suspense here (you know where the book is going almost from the outset) but the caliber of the character development and the writing makes this riveting. The characters are so well drawn and fascinating, you love to inhabit their world and since they are so well drawn the carnage when it comes really knocks the wind out of you.
771	2	A few choice words for a society rotting at its core. And Metexas has the gall to name his study group The Socrates Society-- check what Socrates means by an examined life, chucklehead.
386	1	4.5 stars I just want to keep reading and reading about these characters and their ever changing world.
73	3	3.5 stars An inexperienced lawyer stumbles upon the biggest case of his career- he is to represent wealthy entrepreneur George Westinghouse against influential inventor Thomas Edison in a case that will determine who has the ultimate right to control and distribute light to a society that is yearning for the power to turn night into day. Decidedly in over his head, Paul will have to learn on the run, dealing with dirty politics, abuse of financial clout, and underhanded methods the likes of which he'd never encountered before. Paul will interact with the powerhouses of 1880s New York, he'll ally with a beautiful and savvy young opera singer, form a close connection with eccentric genius Nikola Tesla, and he will find himself changed forever as does battle in the streets and the courtrooms of his city. This ARC was obtained at Random House Open House on 7/22/16, in exchange for an honest review.
125	4	This book was like many other Michael Crichton books. I love the author and his writing, not because he makes amazing characters or one-of-a-kind storylines, but because his concepts are those that always tend to spark my interest. I think I was holding my breath for much of this book, because the IDEA of being under the water, at the bottom of the ocean is one that I get the chills thinking about. I love this author, regardless of others who criticize his actual writing. I find the scientific elements of his books fascinating, this one being no exception.
947	1	God this novella is depressing...I have to say, I totally saw this coming (although maybe not the gruesome parts)
600	4	"One of the best histories of any age I have ever read. Graves brings to life the remarkable awfulness of life within the Roman Empire, and demonstrates with alarming exactness how bad people can be, given motive and opportunity. The maxim that power corrupts and absolute power corrupts absolutely is demonstrated here in spades. Paranoia and bloodlust within the few ruling families of ancient Italy are rampant, but the level-headed Claudius holds your faith that good might ultimately ""triumph"" (i.e., until the whole thing goes downhill again--why can't human society ever achieve sustained equilibrium?). I can understand now how Italy tolerated the buffoonish Prime Minister Berlusconi for so long. Compared with their Imperial past, his antics were a walk in the park."
362	1	fuck I am speechless 10/10 would recommend to anyone regardless of slow jude beginnings
597	4	As far as trilogy wrap-ups go I think this one finished quite nicely! It had an overall happy ending but with enough loss and heartbreaking moments to make it believable. Beautifully written as always (I think that's to be expected from any of Oliver's books). The only thing that I wished would've been done differently is that the ending felt very rushed to me. I felt like majority of the book could've been sped up to give her more time to drag out the ending and make it more detailed and give us more or an epilogue, or she could've just made the book longer to wrap it up a little bit more. I thought the way that it ended was beautiful, I just would have liked a little bit more.
267	2	Nuanced and compelling. I was totally sucked into this story from page one to the end. The character development was top notch and the writing style was perfect.
919	1	UGH. 2018 release date?? WHY. SO CHAOL CAN GET HIS OWN BOOK? I'm obviously the only one here, but I give zero fucks about Chaol. He's such an asshole.
599	4	I put off reading this book for almost a year, and after finally reading it, I didn't find myself pleasantly surprised. It was pretty much exactly what I expected it to me. For one thing, the style of writing really bothered me (there was too much passive voice and it didn't suit the tense at all) and I disliked almost all of the characters. There were so many of them that you didn't really get close to any as an individual. I didn't really care what happened to the characters or the overall ending of the book, and was unclear on the whole concept of endgame to begin with. Even though they said the word Endgame almost 100 times, they never really clearly gave a description as to what it was.
405	1	DNF will comment later.
570	2	After the monastery scene, at the point of encounter between the father's servant and the middle son, the narrative engine kicks into high gear and doesn't stop until the end. Which ... makes it sounds as if I only care about plot... No, I just want to encourage people to read it. This is a novel of real, finely drawn characters, and ideas that are rarely considered today-- just cheapened to some UTube debate. Anywho, its a wonderful book.
904	1	Markus Zusak made a post about how he enjoyed this book...must check it out now!
489	1	Unputdownable. Wow.
233	2	This book was so sweet and lovely. Filled with culture and shy love. Totally my jam
487	1	Incredible!
197	3	6th&up In the tradition of dystopian classics like The Giver and The City of Ember, The List is a debut novel that presents a world where words are a privilege, not a right- and Letta (apprentice Wordsmith) uncovers a plan to steal language from all but the elite in the community. Building on the Noah's Ark narrative, Forde weaves her story with threads of censorship, global warming, the power of/need for rebellion, and more. While at times I felt the writing was a bit raw and the storytelling was occasionally choppy, I ultimately very much enjoyed this novel. It is clear that Forde has talent, creativity, and a gift with suspense that will keep older middle schoolers/younger high school readers quite happy. Thank you to Sourcebooks Jabberwocky for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
147	3	I give this book a 3.5 out of 5 stars. I really enjoyed it and all the characters in it. Just wished that the main character had a little more backbone. Also, the political angle was over-simplified but I know that politics isn't the main theme of the story, what with it being a light contemporary read and all. Overall, I really liked it and would definitely recommend it.
231	2	Mwah. Not for me. Did not expect it to be so.. empty? Like it didn't make me feel anything. Not impressed to be honest
611	4	"A riff on 'ask and you shall receive, seek and ye shall find,' with a bit of ""use it or lose it,"" a boy who was searching for something ends up finding a bunch of gold. A materialist mantra disguised as a spiritual journey. Barbara Ehrenreich once observed that God the creator of the entire universe, could not possibly care whether a particular individual is rich or not. Jesus calls on people who would follow him to give up all their possessions. As for fans of The Alchemist, whatever makes you feel better, whatever gets you through the night, I suppose."
37	2	So this was awesome. Great characters, delightfully twisty plot full of court intrigue and scandal and assassinations aplenty, beautiful writing, excellent atmosphere and world building. The romance was even good. A+ all around, so glad I read this.
678	2	This is not for everyone but it is one of the most haunting books I have ever read. I wish I could give more than 5 stars!
770	2	This novel has a holy shit moment that rends. That and the writing is quite beautiful, almost poetic. A horrible, wonderfully written story about slavery, nostalgically set on the banks of a river in my home state. Worth reading.
703	2	"1.5 stars? If I were to describe this book in one word I'd say ""disappointed."" I feel like I should give this book 1 stars because I didn't really enjoy it, on the other hand, it's not ""bad,"" per say. The plot twist that everyone is raving about didn't even surprise me. I had already deduced something similar several chapters back. Oh well."
52	3	Good first book to this series. Romance layered with suspense. I liked Sam and Nick as well as the secondary characters. The mystery kept me guessing for a long time until the last 15% of the book when it clicked as to who the killer is. It was good but not as strong as I expected. Can't wait to see what else is in store for Sam and Nick's journey in the political and police world.
845	1	Read. This. Book.
606	4	Egan shows brilliance in all categories of insight and description in this wonderful novel about turn of the century America. From the unbalanced professor of history of American industry to the soul sellers of the dot com bubble, all ring true and melancholic. The sadness of the passage of time and the strangeness of the existential experience, themes she revisits in Goon Squad, are starting to develop here.
309	2	I liked this book and I'm really looking forward to the rest of the series! If you don't mind a bit of sociopathy in your fantasy, this is your book!
718	2	4.5 since it dragged on a bit in the middle. Not my favorite book in the series, but still, Rick Riordan managed to take me, yet again, on another wonderful, magical journey. Yes, pun intended.
613	4	I have read all but one of this author's previous novels and have really enjoyed them. From the beginning, this one seemed different in a way that I, initially, couldn't pinpoint. Certainly, an author can write a book that doesn't come together as well as her previous ones, but I have strong suspicions that this title was actually written earlier in Gudenkauf's career. The prose is stilted and amateurish compared to her other works, the characters are undeveloped, the plot thin and simplistic. Frequent proofreading errors also decreased the quality and my enjoyment of this book. Here's hoping that her next work is one that reflects her growth as a writer and her strengths as a storyteller.
131	4	"McCammon is such a colorful, exciting writer that his books are fun to read even when they're half baked, as this one was. This book is much shorter than any other volume of the Matthew Corbett saga and I was a little disappointed by how simplistic the plot was. The opening set up, Matthew travels down south for a relaxing, recuperative assignment as a paid escort to a debutante, is bizarre and has little connection to the main story. The ""mystery"" murder is solved almost immediately after its introduction, setting us up for another chase story a la Mister Slaughter, along the River of Souls. A superficial but entertaining enough page turner. Not as rich as other volumes in the series."
957	1	2 or 3 stars the book couldn't really capture my attention although the story wasn't boring. (I only read The Turn of the Screw, not The Aspern Papers).
537	3	I think this is the best of Aimee Bender. A contemplative exploration of the life of one L.A. family from the daughter's point of view. There are fantastical elements here, but my dull mind was able to see the beauty and insight of them.
95	3	Spoiler free: This was definitely the middle book of a trilogy, which makes it hard for me to evaluate it -- I hate not having the whole story available at once! But I spend a lot of time being irritated by the way the protagonist was so oblivious to the politics and machinations of everyone else. The things that impressed me in the first book were still here and I'm still very eager for the next book, but I think the choice of protagonist for this book was bad: the ignorance didn't create any suspense and the teenaged angst -- while was entirely realistic and (given the choice of protagonist) entirely inevitable -- felt like it wasted a lot of time.
810	1	3.5 - 4 stars - full review to come.
82	3	7th&up, 3.5 stars A solid fantasy adventure that has a little bit of everything- Chinese folktale elements mixed with romance, suspense and issues of loyalty, class, courage and sacrifice. I enjoyed Fei's tale, even though it didn't stick with me after the story was over. This book was acquired at BEA15 in exchange for an honest review
756	2	"Muriel Spark is well out of the politically correct zone in this ""blame the victim"" novelette. In a he-said, she-said world, this is Exhibit Number One in the she-was-asking-for-it Defendant's bar."
659	2	5 stars for giving me a better framework for how to organize my stuff and what stuff to keep than I'd ever had before. For instance it was so freeing to realize I don't have to keep gifts.
905	1	Jeeze, this book was one heck of a ride. 4 stars because there were parts that just seemed to drag along.
144	4	Fantasy powerhouse Neil Gaiman tackles ancient folklore in his latest work, Norse Mythology. Perfectly envisioning Loki's sneaky nature, Thor's single minded strength, and Odin's sage confidence, Gaiman's vibrant writing presents a world full of treachery, triumph, never-ending wars and one-upmanship, populated by wonderfully larger than life characters. Before you realize it, you'll be as enthralled as a child sitting around a campfire, listening to an elder tell mesmerizing tall tales of adventures from the distant past. Thanks to W. W. Norton & Company for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
1003	1	Absolutely loved it.
836	1	Review to follow! Love Bren and Six.
549	2	4.5 Stars! LOVED this sexy-sweet and romantic story!! I fell in love with the characters in this book and absolutely LOVE this author!! I knew from the first page that I would love this romance. Highly recommend. Full review to follow.
4	4	Like Ismae, the protagonist of Grave Mercy, Sybella is a great character to build a story around. Her tragic back story, her mission, her various interpersonal relationships (familial, professional, platonic and romantic), all compelling stuff. This undeniably fascinating character is stranded in a pretty thin and slowly paced plot however. Plot-wise there just isn't a lot of meat to this story. This volume is definitely still worth reading but it is a step down in quality from Grave Mercy for that reason.
575	2	Five stars to Sempre. Deeply felt, moving love story of loss and redemption. Carmine and Haven will fill your dreams.
1002	1	Rating: 4.5 stars I'm so glad this has a sequel.
143	4	Dean Koontz- typically known for his supernatural horror novels- makes a bit of a departure in his newest book, and I think fans will wholeheartedly approve. The Silent Corner is the first in a new series; a techno-thriller that has the action of a Bourne story and the dangerous scientific advancement of a Crichton adventure. Jane Hawk, the protagonist, is a great character- smart and brave, a respected FBI agent, and a widow who is determined to prove that there is more to her husband's death than a simple suicide. When she takes leave from her job to secretly investigate a string of similarly suspicious deaths, she is the only one who sees a connection- but she knows that something evil is in play. Jane's quest for the truth will uncover a frightening conspiracy that will put her and those she loves in grave danger- and readers will be glued to every page. Thank you to Bantam/Random House and Edelweiss for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
271	2	The second half of this book was good. It was entertaining in its own right and set up book three nicely. Too bad I had to slog through hundreds of pages of dull, poorly paced teen angst to get there.
883	1	Absolutely loved it!!!!!! Hello O lol .... Priceless ;)
692	2	Second read, I dropped one star. I remember how boring and slow the book was, but it really picks up at the ending; if you can wait that long. 3.5 stars
647	3	Rowling really hits it out of the park with the characters and story in this volume. It is not bogged down by scenes involving Voldemort. No, the story's drama is driven by a human character (Professor Umbridge) who is easily recognized and hated as she continually ups the ante in a quiet battle of wills against Gryffindor and the good professors of Hogwarts. After the initial action and excitement, the story drags a bit with Sirius Black's family history, but after the students arrive in Hogwarts, the story never lets up its pace. First rate! Oh--and my boys loved it as well!
486	1	I lost my review for this one, but I will say that I felt everything.
745	2	I love Richelle Mead, but this book wasn't as good to me as her Vampire Academy and Bloodlines books. It might just be me-- I don't know if I've ever read a stand-alone dystopian book that I really got into. I prefer the character growth over the span of a series. But I liked the concept of the book and the characters, I just think you can always do so much more with the story if you have more books to work with.
617	3	Absolute unforgettable story of the power of a mother's love. The book has an uplifting and positive message even though the story itself is very grim. A must-read.
953	1	Favorite book in the series.
13	4	In a thriller reminiscent of a Hitchcock classic, a young woman traveling on a small but luxurious cruise ship believes that she has witnessed a murder, but with no proof and all passengers accounted for, her accusation- and her sanity- is called into question. Has someone been murdered, or is Lo losing her mind? This well-crafted novel was slyly engaging- at first I had a hard time connecting with the main character, but before I realized it I was completely on her side and was hoping that seeking justice for a complete stranger would not be her last act.
707	2	Interesting and well-written nonetheless, even if you disagree with Ayn Rand's philosophy.
684	2	A page turner. Since I hate reality TV I valued the parody of it. Some good character development.
774	2	"""I had seen nothing sacred, and the things that were glorious had no glory and the sacrifices were like the stockyards at Chicago if nothing was done with the meat except to bury it. There were many words that you could not stand to hear and finally only the names of places had dignity."""
568	2	A less than riveting examination of the internal psychology of two messed up kids. Good description of some interiors of Paris and interiors of a ruthless couple and their creepy mother in law. The BBC did a film version of this which I cannot forget 25 years later. The book is decent, but my mind will never forget the images of the film version.
121	2	This is not a fantasy, it is the fantasy in many ways. This book changed my life, so why am I giving it three stars? It's not the best of the three in my opinion, there are some great heights, The Prancing Pony, Rivendell, Weahertop, but it drags in too many places. There is better to come.
602	4	A sad tale of love, where the lovers do not understand their own motives, or, if they do, they fail to listen to them. The young woman should have married the man she loved rather than the one who came from England. The man treats marriage as a box to check on his life menu. The locals are watching helplessly as this marriage inevitably hits the rocks. Some really beautiful writing in here.
876	1	Review to come soon...
909	1	Umm wow. I haven't enjoyed a short story this much since The Audition...Okay, this definitely attracted my attention.
987	1	Listened to audiobook.
949	1	I remember reading this in 5th grade...I shall re-read it one day
544	1	I read this after I went fly fishing for the first time, and it was pure gold. A fantastic story.
391	1	review to come
393	1	3.5 review to come
886	1	Ok soooo I was absolutely thrilled and so incredibly sad to read this book! Trilled because I LOVED and MISSED the Rock Chicks and Hot Bunch, but Extremely sad to see the series end. Review to come...
311	2	I LOVED Jurassic Park. But it's not getting 5 stars for me because of REASONS. If you like science and if you like dinossaurs, this is your book! I think Crichton bring in to it the best of both to make an amazing tale of how humans can be stupid and yet you do not care because of how mesmerized you are by all this scientific greatness (yet, this not being real.) It is slower than the movie - regarding the action, but still manage to put you on the edge of your sit in some moments. It's very witty, very funny, very thrilling and I found it to be very smart (especially Malcolm, and not the math moments).
381	1	I won a copy of this book as a Goodreads giveaway which made me really excited but I am morally opposed to reading books that don't use quotation marks for dialogue. It's an unbearably obnoxious stylistic choice. I didn't read enough of this to get any sense of whether it's good or not and I don't plan to.
571	2	Note: This book contains very graphic descriptions of violence to women. It's well-plotted, highly suspenseful and fast-paced. However, I object strongly to the gratuitous descriptions that in no way enhance the story.
360	1	Loved the art style, Rick is much more relatable and little Carl is adorable.
58	3	Okay, see, this is good. This is a ridiculous crack premise which (a) takes itself seriously enough to think through some consequences while at the same time (b) remembering what it is here for, namely having proper young ladies whacking at zombies with swords. I wish it had found some way of dealing more with the raging Orientalism of the first book (which was by a different author, interestingly), but I suppose that's a huge lump of racism to get around. This book avoided the worst of it, thankfully.
800	1	I would hate to have to see the movie without having read it first...
219	3	"5th&up The traditional Snow White tale gets a historic ""update"" by a powerhouse artist in the graphic novel field- Matt Phelan. While the setting of this retelling did remind me of another (Snow White in New York by Fiona French), the feel is worlds apart. Presented in a sort of film noir style, Phelan's interpretation is dark, moody, & very fitting. I can't say I was overly impressed by the dialog, but I am a fan of his art & I feel that this fresh take on the classic tale will appeal to discerning middle school readers. This ARC was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review."
709	2	I get that this book contains fantasy elements but there were just some parts that felt plain unrealistic, to the point of absurdity. The writing wasn't too bad, minus some parts but whatever. The pacing was bad and the plot was thin. There were so many unanswered questions. I almost gave up on the book near the middle.
640	3	I was pleasantly surprised with this book! It didn't pan out at all the way I thought it would, and is pretty different from a lot of books I've read recently. It doesn't really focus on romance at all, even though the female and male protag work together for a lot of the story, which I thought was refreshing. The book focuses a lot more on friendships and had more action and mystery than I was anticipating for a realistic fiction book. A super fun and easy read.
169	3	This book is just barely worth reading despite its flaws. Some crazy stuff goes down in this book, and the way that these earth shattering events/activities are recalled with jaded boredom from the 14 year old protagonist is kind of interesting. However, this material needed to be dealt with in a longer novel, with more detail to do full justice to the subject matter. I never got a great sense of why this particular family operated the way it did, and since the story is told in first person narration, critical aspects of the other siblings' psyches remain unexamined. I can tell this book wants to be more than shock value for the sake of it but it is not very successful.
241	2	"Probably a 2.5. I really didn't get this book. It had so many good reviews so I thought it would blow me away but it didn't. It reminded me too much of the ""A Discovery of Witches"" books. I've got the others in the series so I'll read them too. It wasn't bad, the writing was good, it just didn't engage me and just seemed to similar to other books of the same genre I've read."
208	3	Light and smile-inducing Christmas fun! Curmudgeony crime novelist Lucas and bubbly new business-owner Eva are a delightful odd couple who find love and healing during the holiday season. Guaranteed to lift your spirits during any time of year.
851	1	A must-read. Great characters, story and writing.
752	2	A cross between Cormac McCarthy The Road and many a Stephen King novel, but not as interesting as either. The ennui wafts off the page like the smell of old cheese. You want to run from the bookstore where you are paging through this black hole of a novel and bolster your sense of purpose with a good hot cup of joe and the laughter of children.
980	1	3.5 stars Listened to audiobook.
812	1	4.5 stars!! LOVED this one. And the ending...what??! Great story, could not put this one down. Highly recommended.
437	1	review to come
958	1	Should have read it in English, but I couldn't find that version on my e-reader so I just read this version.
34	3	Reading this volume of the Matthew Corbett series has really confirmed for me that McCammon seems to be moving this series away from historical mystery and into the realm of straight horror with liberal doses of action. This tone change began in book 3 Mister Slaughter and is continued in this volume. This book feels like an over the top comic book with its cabal of scheming criminals, and is full of crazy over the top personalities and gruesome violence. I still found this book very fun despite its seeming disconnection from our earth reality.
635	3	I really enjoyed reading this book. Each time I picked it up to read I found myself giddy to slip back into this world of brutality and political intrigue. The pacing of this book is a slow burn--it is a lot of world building and character building but it was so fun to follow the characters and learn more about this period in history, which I know virtually nothing about. The ending left me dying to read more, and I can't wait for the other two books to eventually come out!
723	2	2nd readthrough: 3.5 stars. Every time I reread an Ellen Hopkins novel I notice something new about the formatting that I didn't notice before (or maybe I did notice but just didn't mention it?). For example, during my second read through of this book, about 3/4 of the way through, I realized (or re-realized?) that each of the 5 narrators have different formatting for their POV! How cool is that! It always amazes me how Ellen Hopkins can write books like these; it must take an insane amount of attention to detail.
421	1	4.5 stars Review to come May 7/13. But what I can say it was a sweet story and I am glad that I got the chance to read it. :) And Grant is awesome and so book Bf worthy.
525	3	Many readers loved this book but it just wasn't for me. I am a fan of dark romance, dark erotica, romantic thrillers, the whole nine yards so the darker elements were fine for me but I just didn't connect with the main characters. I definitely suggest giving this book a try because the story has a lot of promise but there were just too many character and plot inconsistencies for me to become invested in the story. I will read the author's other books because they sound very interesting and readers whose opinion I trust have really loved her writing.
285	2	I just want to take these two adorable people and squeeze them. Love this! This doesn't add to the story plotwise, but if you like/love Zuzana and Mik from the other books, this is highly recommended for a fun and super cute read of how they seized each other.
661	2	Seven amazing stories. Each one you think can't possibly top the last, and then it does. We never really get to understand what is up with the Time Tombs - guess I have to keep reading. But the strength of each of these stories is worth it. One of the best books I've read in a while.
385	1	Light quick read. Full review to be posted near publication date... ARC received from Sourcebooks Casablanca and NetGalley in exchange for an honest review.
394	1	3.5 review to come
7	3	I have to say, this is most definitely my least favorite book so far from Kresley Cole. Ethan bordered on unredeemable and for the very first time, I actually believed the heroine could have done better. One of the things I like most about this author is that she dares to make her hero(s) very dark, making their redemption that much more romantic and dramatic, but in this book, I just didn't believe it. The reviews for this book were so high that I fought through to the end, but I feel I must be missing something. What did everyone else read that I didn't?
984	1	3.5 stars Listened to audiobook.
813	1	4.5 stars! Wow. This book will stay with me for a very long time. Full review to come.
56	3	After the first three lazy retellings in the Austen Project, Eligible is a breathe of fresh air and so very well done. I'm glad I pressed on and read this one. Sittenfield's retelling is clever in its adaptations but honors their original incarnations of the characters, so they felt like old friends, but at the same time kept you guessing about what they would do next.
412	1	3.5 stars review to come
183	3	"The more I read Maas' books, the more I see her as Anne Bishop Lite. I love all of Anne Bishop's work though, so I give four stars for Empire of Storms, which steps up a from the previous installments (all solid three star books - they're good but not I'm not taking them to a deserted island with me) and heightens the drama (in a good way) and character development (although, I don't really think she needs to pair off every character). And those tiny sparkling gems of humor, those little lights in the dark that are masterfully done by Bishop, but until book 5 Maas hasn't been able to execute without it seeming hamfisted and forced. Those little moments really elevated Empire of Storms for me from the first four. Empire of Storms feels like it started to properly grow into itself, like the series is shaking off it's YA label and is ready to sit at the ""Grown-Ups table""."
336	2	Between Kate Warne's fascinating real life story as the first female Pinkerton detective and Macallister's gift with weaving a compelling tale, The Girl in Disguise is an exciting historical novel that should not be missed. This ARC was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review.
874	1	Adorable funny story
356	1	Fun, racy but I'm a bit disappointed.
100	1	LOVED!! I don't know what it is about bikers and their chapters and their craziness, but apparently I love them. This story is as sweet as a biker dude story can be (and as it turns out, bikers can be pretty damn sweet). I really enjoyed it. I made up this word (I THINK) and it's perfect for this book, so I'll debut the word here: SMUT-TASTIC.
59	2	Totally awesome premise -- librarians in an urban war to defend books! the first female Library Defense Force soldier! -- and an execution which makes it boring when it's not irritating. Alas. (Apparently it's based on a series of novels, but those novels aren't translated into English.)
473	1	I srsly don't know how to rate this book. All my fellings for Peeta and OMG I want to kill Katniss. It is a intense read and I SRSLY WANT TO KILL HER
898	1	I FINISHED IT!!!!! THAT WAS A HAPPY ENDING
146	4	I have always felt that there is something inherently sinister about marionettes: The fixed expressions with their gleaming, shallow eyes; Their jagged, spider-like movements; The hollow, clicking sounds that serve as harbingers of their physical intentions. To me, they have never seemed whimsical or childlike. Donohue capitalizes on that not uncommon reaction with an eerie yet lyrical tale of a woman who seeks escape from danger and drudgery and finds herself in a nightmare world that little by little feels like home, and the earnest husband who yearns to bring her back to his side even if the journey towards that end threatens to cost them both more than they can spare. Allegory, adventure, magic and menace combine in a unique take on an old myth. This ARC was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review.
769	2	Well written and brilliantly entertaining. The writing is light and the story moves forward, and she has a sharp wit. This is the best I have read (out of 3) of Austen.
409	1	Review to come
284	2	Great end to this funny, sexy series and the saga of Drew Evans's life. Lots of outrageous moments, laugh out loud lines, and sexy times. As well as some cute scene stealers from Mackenzie and James.
790	2	Listened to audiobook. This story is told in reverse. The plot seemed insubstantial and characters were flat. Not a satisfying read for me.
176	3	While I enjoyed this book on the whole, the parallel structure of the protagonist's life was too neat and tidy. Did every event in Life A have to have a perfect mirror opposite in life B? This on the nose symmetry, which was almost never deviated from, made the narrative at times a little stale and predictable given the possibilities inherent in the premise. I would have appreciated some more boldness and creativity from the author in terms of plotting. Well drawn characters save it though.
180	3	4.5 stars for me. This With Me in Seattle Series is really growing on me and I loved this story about Isaac and Stacy. I loved Isaac's devotion and love to Stacy and how he is trying to spice up their relationship and I might add that he did conquer that task with a lot of passion and steam. This was a sweet story with loads of love, family and surprises. I am so looking forward to the next installment in the with me series.
532	4	This is the first graphic novel that I've read, so I don't have anything else to compare this book to, but I thought it was pretty spectacular! I really loved the art. I thought the story was so powerful and with such an amazing cast of characters and I loved the symbolism. It wasn't predictable at all, I was constantly surprised by what would happen next as I read. I picked this book up on a whim to try something different and I am so glad that I did!
306	2	The thing about the Nightside books is that each story has an interesting mystery plot and the series as a whole has an awesome fantasy arc, but far too much of every book is spent on infodumping, in loving detail, all of the fun that the author had worldbuilding. I found I was too jaded to get interested in new settings or characters after the first few books because so few of them are ever seen again, and even the ones that do recur often have only bit parts in later stories.
19	2	I'm usually not one to like the reading assignments my English teachers/professors give and instead whine about it for days on end. I'm usually not one to enjoy said reading assignment so much that I actually want to finish it because my curiosity has spiked (usually finish because I have a test/paper over it). I'm usually not one to cry for at least an hour over a reading assignment because an ending as powerful as this one hit so close to home. But Hurston made me do just that and more.
651	3	Outstanding Roy has a facility for language that at times reminded me of James Joyce--alliterative and original. The scenes are colorful, poetic and fascinating. The points of view and the eye of the narrator is that of an artistic film director, watching the details of the objects and sounds in scene yet not losing sight of the principle action.
68	3	Read this hot on the heels of The Atrocity Archive. Lovecraft infused Bond romp. Stross' civil servants are superbly duplicitous, the agents murderous, the villain slightly more megalomanic than normal and our hero completely out of his depth. Great fun and clever with it.
884	1	Simply AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!! Once again Colleen Hoover's love stories leave me speechless and emotional. AWESOME READ!
478	1	"""They rattled my cage to see if I'd bite. When they released me, they'd see that the answer was yes."" Boom, bitches! This book creeped me out in the best ways possible. Also- I'm obsessed with Noah Shaw."
450	1	This book was just one giant sucker punch in the feels. I loved every minute of it. Full review later.
266	2	There's good, fun, creative fantasy weird and then there's lame, contrived, fantasy weird. I only read 60 pages of this but it seemed to fall into the latter category.
53	3	After the events of Steelheart, David and the Reckoners are protecting the city and people are starting to live in an Epicless city. But they are still afraid that a new Epic can take the power, so David is set to demonstrate that if people fight back, they can protect what they have. While Prof is away, David spots a High Epic called Mitosis, and it seems he has come to kill the Steeleart slayer. This was a great, short story to reinmerge myself in the Reckoners world. Is fast paced, and fun to read. It was the perfect way to introduce us to the city after Steelheart, and I can't wait to read Firefight!
418	1	review to come
916	1	"props to whoever designed these covers 'cause honestly, I'm in love...with the covers that is. Also maybe this series :). Usually I get sick of that cliche ""love triumphs over all"" kind of romance but I think I'm o.k. when it comes to this series."
429	1	review to come
300	2	Characters read a bit flat, but I was completely fascinated by the time-travel alt-history/steampunk world that Ciotta has created and I'm looking forward to reading the next book in the series.
23	2	"** spoiler alert ** I do like the story but there are still a few niggles for me - first the ones that have been there from the beginning, calling random people ""the mage"". There's so many mages - why not just call them by their name? I think the second part of the book needed a lot more bulking out - people's anger at the end didn't seem justified to what had been described to the reader. Had the sort of detail been gone into then this could have a been a 4+ star book."
338	2	3.5 stars: *bump this up to a 4 if you haven't read Station Eleven, or if you're a huge fan of Survivor type reality television. This is the tale of a survival-style TV contestant who unknowingly gets caught up in the aftermath of a near-species ending plague and finds that she's fighting for more than prize money. The Last One has flaws, but is also very engaging. I'll definitely seek Oliva out in the future.
795	1	Recommended by Don Katz. Avail for free in December: http://www.audible.com/mt/ellison2?so...
534	4	Mosquitoland tells it's story from a voice like no other I've read before. Our main character Mim is honest, frank, and in your face from page one and you can't help but instantly fall in love with her for it. David Arnold writes in one of the most accurately teen voices I have read in YA to date. As we travel with Mim on her cross-country journey, we are confronted with heartbreak, tackle important issues, and manage to laugh along the way. Towards the middle I felt the story start to lag a little bit, and I'm not completely on board with the way things ended, but this is an incredibly strong debut from Arnold and I look forward to reading his second book and any future books to come.
206	3	With only one week left until she must leave her home in Tokyo, Sophia finds that her imminent departure overlaps with the arrival of an old friend turned enemy. Initially livid at this coincidence, she begins to think that Jamie might have changed since she last saw him years earlier. Maybe more has changed than she ever realized... Messy adolescent friendships, arguments, crushes, and the like, fill the pages of this YA novel- but so do moments of personal growth, scenes of accepting reality, changing perceptions, and taking on perspectives other than her own. Through her seven day long goodbye, Sophia learns to be accepting of the past and begins to look forward to the future. This ARC was obtained at BEA16 in the exchange for an honest review.
113	1	3.5 stars Another well crafted, enjoyable romantic suspense tale from new-to-me author Cynthia Eden. Looking forward to the last installment in the For Me trilogy.
168	3	2.5 stars. A really mixed bag. I really liked the premise and how the plot developed but the characterizations and interpersonal relationships were pretty anemic. My interest in the world itself was piqued, I liked both the war of the gods backstory as well as the current descriptions of Sky and Darr, but I didn't connect to any of the characters or care about them. The dreamy, reflective first person narration (Yeine is recalling this story at some undetermined point in the future) was also something I blew hot and cold on.
992	1	Listened to aufiobook.
467	1	THE FEELS!!
891	1	That was seriously the shortest yet cutest book I have ever read.
930	1	2020..DAFUQ? I'll have graduated college by then and probably have a career...Actually, my main concern is that he might die before he finishes the series...
280	2	Read just under half of this and it is dull, dull, dull. I could not give this book my full attention. It was so uninvolving I couldn't do anything but skim. I would read a page three or four times and not digest it because I was so uninterested. There is so much potential in the premise, but the execution is awful. This should be excellent, instead it's a total snooze.
25	2	I'm giving this book two stars because the potential was so good. The character development is a one star - so poor. I couldn't understand how the characters changed from page to page and felt that a lot of the plot was just shoe-horned in. Really disappointing as the concept was really interesting but it played out as three completely different stories that were not meant to mesh together.
216	3	In this raw, modern update on the noir detective genre, Isaiah Quintabe is IQ- an instrument of justice for the common man. Streetwise and badass, IQ can find the smallest detail in a case, and analyze it until the solution works its way free. Part Sherlock Holmes, part Equalizer, IQ provides readers with a mystery that contains the perfect blend of levity and criminal mayhem. Not always on the right side of the law, IQ will surely be on the right side of readers who are looking to add a little spice and a lot of style to their mysteries. This ARC was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review.
687	2	The book has been around a while so I was familiar with the general themes. Still, it was interesting to read about studies and see their methods analyzed as well as getting other details to fill in the outline.
11	4	So Sarah Addison Allen took the plot of Practical Magic and threw in a couple reruns of Dallas for good measure. That in itself is no reason to denigrate this book; after all, Chaucer and Shakespeare stole all their plots and what mattered was how they were able to make the stories their own. Unfortunately, Allen is no Chaucer or Shakespeare, and she could have used an editor to help straighten out some of the logical errors she and her characters make throughout the course of the book. (For example, Evanelle is 79 years old, and we're told she was married for 38 years and has been a widow for 30. I guess that means she got married at age 11, huh?) There's nothing odious about this book, but it was sloppy and just not that interesting.
590	1	Liked this better than the first book. This is speculation since I haven't read the 3rd book yet, if the author makes it so Seth was actually just using her I will be angry because I HATE when authors do that. I hate when they take a seemingly sweet, genuine guy and turns him into a douche so the reader will root for the other guy. UGH.
419	1	Love this series. Full Review on last part or can be located here For more reviews, visit Live Read and Breathe Like us on Facebook Live Read and Breathe Facebook Follow along with Twitter Live Read and Breathe Twitter
971	1	3.5 or 3.75
323	2	I checked this book out of the library for my eight-year-old stepson to read, but I quickly realized it was much too advanced for him, so I decided to read it myself. I really enjoyed it. Now I can't wait to find out what happens in the sequel.
656	3	I loved this book so much. Puck's wit definitely was a high point, but I also liked the budding relationships. I adored this book so much more than I can really even verbalize. The fey world and the human world are so vivid and I love how much it is grounded in reality by the descriptions of normal, every day things. It really helps you to imagine that a world like this really could be hidden right inside our own.
244	2	I've read this book so many times. Well not this actual book but many more with the exact same storyline and characters. I finished it because I had an hour to kill waiting for a friend at the station and I wanted to know if it would end how I thought it would. It did. Not for me I'm afraid.
350	1	So addicting! It took me forever but now I can't wait for the third one!! Then maybe I can watch the tv shows
77	4	A recently separated woman seeks solace and purpose in a local book group, while her daughter- half a world away- is dealing with her own life-changing problems that just might be resolved with a little literary assistance. The engaging characters, the juxtaposition of the idyllic small town and the harsh reality of the seedier side of Paris, the weight of memory and regret, the power of human connection and embracing the future, all work together to create an enthralling story that will carry readers away, and have them hoping that these lovely and damaged characters can find their own happy ending. This book was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review.
299	2	That feeling you get when you realize even though you may be halfway through this truly stunning, fanfuckingtastic book, you just don't have time to sit down and truly savor it because your list of time-sensitive ARCs/review copies has gotten out of hand. I will come back for you, love. I will come back and read you cover to cover.
700	2	"The synopsis and the cover make this seem like a plain, old, cliche, YA retelling of Beauty and the Beast. Not true and very misleading. It was so much more. There were moments were I was like ""WHAT?!"""
713	2	"Classical musician and ""bad-boy"" guitar player? Does this sort of remind anyone else of If I Stay? *update* Just finished the book, and okay, seriously? Cello?! Now it REALLY reminds me of If I Stay, oh, and the coma part too!? Anyways this book was cute but was filled with cliches"
434	1	It was dark but good. I liked it but it was not my favorite BDSM type novel
67	4	What I loved most about this book was the voice of the narrator. Clay is a very distinctive character, and his personality was an integral part of the way things unfolded. The other characters, even the relatively minor ones, were richly-drawn as well. Aside from that, this book is chock-full of things that are up my alley-- labyrinthine bookstores and libraries, secret societies, codes and codebreaking, and the internet are all mixed up here together. I especially like the way that books and computers are not set at odds, but instead seen as parts of the same continuum of information technology.
89	3	A good premise but ultimately dull and lazy execution. I felt like everything about this book was lazy and undercooked. Characters were flat, the plotting was slipshod, the prose unremarkable. Not enough historical information to engage the reader. Even though this is a ridiculously quick read it felt tedious because it was such a thin story.
541	4	"I rated this book as 4 stars because of quality of writing. Parry has drawn her characters well, follows the ""show, don't tell"" principle, employs realistic dialogue, and her plot development is impressively intricate for any novel - but even more so considering this is her debut. I can't honestly say that I enjoyed the novel as several thematic elements are difficult to read about. Manhattan's underbelly in 1895 is a hard place to visit, even in one's imagination."
154	3	I really liked Emery as a character. I found her to be quite relatable and pleasant to read about. I would have preferred the POV not to shift that often but that is just a personal preference. It was an exciting read leaving me wanting more. Managed to read it in a single sit so that is a sign that it was definitely enjoyable.
674	2	WOW what a surprising book! Fabulous story and characters and we could NOT put this one down. These are not your usual cast of characters, they make terrible mistakes and some are filled with anger and dishonesty! We love love love Caleb. You will immediately feel the need to read Dirty Red. Trust us, things are not what they seem... We can only hope and pray for a HEA for our Caleb and Olivia.
498	1	I'm not sure this has withstood the test of time particularly well, but when it came out it was a great tale in the quest tradition. The whole Belgariad set a standard for the fantasy genre.
484	1	I had to come back and change my rating because I think about this book so often.
744	2	J.K. Rowling will always amaze me and is my ultimate hero when it comes to writing. The fact that she can write from so many different personas and create so many unique creatures from nothing is extraordinary to me. I had so much fun reading this book.
943	1	Kind of sad this is the last book in the VA universe but alas, all good things must come to an end. I really enjoyed this ride. Also, what is it with authors  always bringing back a villain that's supposed to have died or be done with? I mean, it happened in the TMI and a bunch of other works. Just curious.
199	3	Yearning ghosts, dark history, selfless love, lyrical prose, and a strong sense of spirituality are all present in Jesmyn Ward's latest masterpiece. JoJo, the boy with the pure heart; Richard, the lost one; Leonie the unmoored; Pops, who tries to hold them all together; and others, will steal your heart and linger long in your mind. Sing, Unburied, Sing is a story that should not be missed.
254	2	I loved both books in Bennett's Divine Cities series so I decided to give some of his other work a whirl. I read 150 pages of this book and nothing happened. There was some cool creepy atmosphere in a few scenes but I need some actual character development and plot to keep me turning the pages.
39	3	"My least favorite book in the series. I feel like book three set up a lot of potentially game changing events and this book didn't really capitalize on them. It felt stale to me. Also I am sick to death of the Jericho Barrons/Mac relationship and Barron's supposed ""mystique."" He is a dull, static and deeply obnoxious character. I have come this far so I will definitely read the final volume in the series but I definitely found this volume a momentum killer."
207	3	I loved Not if I See You First, and had high expectations for A Tragic Kind of Wonderful. It took me a lot longer to connect with Mel, but the way she dealt with her mental illness, her grief over the loss of her brother, questions about sexual orientation, drama with friends, and the ups and downs of first love all seemed realistic and compelling in a way that caused me to be completely on board with the character by the end. Lindstrom proves that he is a YA author that is worthy to be on your radar. Thanks to Little, Brown Books for Young Readers and Netgalley for granting me advanced access to this novel.
384	1	I am happy to say after finding First Shift: Legacy good but a comedown in quality from Wool 1-5 Second Shift: Order is back up to the higher standard set by the first five stories of the Wool Omnibus.
901	1	Perfect perfect just perfect EVERYONE LOVES FINNICK AND JOHANNA!
888	1	I liked it well enough to want to read the other two.
768	2	Most devastating lead in to the end of an affair that I have ever read. Captures like no other the fatalistic core of youthful love. Beautiful description of Taisho era Japanese aristocratic life.
854	1	This book is not only HOT it has a good story!
331	2	This is one of the funniest books I had read by two of the funniest authors I have ever read. A superb collaboration.
503	1	3.5 stars Despite a little bit of a let-down, this was still a good ending to a series that I really enjoyed.
357	1	** spoiler alert ** Totally love Er Lang. He came in a surprise but that's what so sweet about it.
946	1	4.5 stars. Slow at times but still a great read.
479	1	"""People can come into your life---be a part of your life--yet never know the real you; have no fucking clue who you really are."" Get ready. Blaire is coming!"
887	1	Darker than her other books.
276	2	This book is awful. It is incredibly dull, lazy and implausible. It reads like it was banged out over a long weekend. The flat first person narration combined with the third grade reading level of the text totally flattens out all the characters, and the plot is undercooked. I do not recommend this at all, and I wouldn't have even bothered finishing it if it hadn't been written by an author whose has written many books I do like.
809	1	Very rough, action-packed, and super-sexy! Review to follow.
556	2	I had read that it was merely a repeat of The Hunger Games, but decided to read it anyway. And I am glad I did. The revolutionary potential of Katniss' actions has been noted and promoted a new level of oversight and punishment. It read equally as well as the first one.
748	2	I read Delirium so many years ago and I can't believe that I didn't want to continue with the series at the time. I'm so glad that I decided to continue on with the series now! I appreciate Oliver's writing now more so than I did before, and I think that the whole concept of this series is absolutely beautiful. This was a great second book. I don't even mind the fact that there is a love triangle because it only seems fitting for a book about love and how it can hurt you, but is ultimately worth the pain. This is one of the best dystopian series around and I would highly recommend it!
451	1	This is happening!
295	2	This is a good YA series in my opinion. It has its faults, but I really enjoyed it (specially the other books in the saga) and I liked the characters. They can be annoying at sometimes, and there where definitively times when I tough about burning the book, but after reading the first 3 books (in which you have some sort of story closure, even if they re-pick it later) I was left with a nice feeling about the saga. Definitively worth a try. If you find its not for you, that's ok too.
515	3	A fun adventure tale that is a tad too droll and proper for my tastes. Millet's brand of humor is cut and dried--more of the tongue-in-cheek jokes of Erma Bombeck than the twist of the angry knife humor of Deborah Eisenberg, David Rakoff or Sam Lipsyte. If you are going to criticize using humor, go for the big laugh, is my philosophy. Still, entertaining enough to be a solid summer read, a pleasant time passer.
109	2	3.5 stars I love Charlie & Reyes as a couple, but I hate that Charlie didn't trust in Reyes and that she kept secrets from him. I love the whole Charley Davidson crew, but am kind of taken aback at how many people she keeps letting in on her true nature. I love the mysteries of this series, but I didn't like the confusing otherworldly machinations that keep getting built upon instead of resolved. As much as I absolutely adore the heat, humor, & heart of these stories, I am starting to wish that the end of the world could get wrapped up- even if that means the end of the series.
148	3	While I enjoyed Cruel Beauty more, this story was so meticulously crafted, it was impossible not to admire the great deal of detail and ingenuity that went into creating it. Every word and scene were vital to the plot and came full circle. Nothing was superfluous and the protagonist was very admirable. Great story, Ms Hodge.
99	1	This series actually really surprised me. I don't even know how I found this book, but I'm glad I did! I enjoyed it very much.
262	2	Loved Coralie's story. It was dark and gross and weird and creative and fascinating. A lot of Eddie's story was a drag though. It connected nicely to Coralie's plotline in the end but it could have used some serious pruning.
269	2	This is one of those books where as you read you're fully cognizant of narrative flaws (the implausibility of many plot points, the predictability of the twist ending, the way the author doesn't do more than skim the surface of her characters' psyches) but you just can't stop reading. A highly entertaining albeit superficial page turner.
134	4	A fascinating and well written book about a very interesting time period in New York City's history. Through the investigation of a series of brutal child murders we learn about the formation of the Copper Stars, the city's first police department, tensions between Irish immigrants and nativists, and Democratic machine politics among other things. Stylistically this book seamlessly employs nineteenth century slang and terminology in a way that I thought nicely complemented the historical information and commentary on the economic, social, cultural and political conditions of NYC in 1845. The mystery wraps up very satisfactorily and the characters are engaging.
658	3	Rating: 3.5 This book had a lot of issues. The romance made no sense at all to me, most of the flashbacks were tedious and unnecessary, and the plot twist at the end was so predictable. Also, the fact that Yael, the seasoned fighter, trusted Luka and Felix so completely was unrealistic. Despite all of that, I really did enjoy the book and I thought it was a lot of fun. The first book to me was a lot better but the sequel is good too.
246	2	I enjoyed this, though the beginning dragged. I have the PB and the first nearly two hundred pages was only one day and night. Still, I'd probably find Gabaldon's grocery list interesting enough to read on...so, uh, yeah. The good and bad of series--some books are just better, and this isn't the best. It is good and one can't progress to the next without jumping this hurdle.
135	4	I received this book via OwlCrate and I didn't really have any expectations prior to reading it, but I found it to be surprisingly lovely and curious. I had no foreknowledge about the real people or events that took place, but this historical fiction is so well researched and well written, that I found myself researching while reading to learn more. When considering that only one line of the real Ginevra's poetry survived, that one line speaks volumes to the depth of her character, and I think Elliot was able to capture that and bring her to life in a way that was, in my mind, probably quite realistic. The portrayal of Leonardo da Vinci is almost as astounding. Perhaps it is more due to my lack of knowledge of his history and that he is most often portrayed in the latter of his life, bearded and lauded as in inventor and engineer, but the glimpse of his life as a young man was intriguing and tantalizing. This book was truly and unexpected pleasure and may well be one of the most memorable I've read this year.
852	1	Love love love this book. A must-read.
158	3	I enjoyed reading this book but I don't think it was very good. It is a weird, entertaining but superficial and tonally confused trash read which is not what I expected going in. There are clever ideas and writing here but the world building is pretty half assed and Atwood's focus on madcap sexual misadventure crowds out other potentially interesting things she could have done with her premise and her characters. I wanted a lot more detail about how Consilience/Positron worked internally and in relation to the outside world than I received because Atwood was too busy focusing on adultery and Elvis sex robots.
401	1	Review to come
371	1	1.5 - it was ok, just not my thing.
739	2	I didn't feel like this book was as strong as the first one, but there were still moments that blew me away. I'm not feeling attached to any characters yet but I think that might change soon.
921	1	"Cover reminds me of that stock photo that was used as ""Tali's Face"" from ME3"
962	1	Review will be on Boxers as soon as I'm finished.
377	1	Definitely great.
239	2	I'll take time to review this more thoroughly later but I must admit I was disappointed. This took ages to get going and then it just felt too easy and rushed.
580	1	It was o.k. Maybe it's just me but I was annoyed at how Ethan had to mention his undying, unyielding, eternal love for Lena practically EVERY.OTHER.PAGE. Like, OKAY, WE GET IT ETHAN. YOU LOVE LENA. WE KNOW. WE'VE READ THREE WHOLE BOOKS ABOUT YOUR GUYS' LOVE PRIOR.
447	1	review to come
991	1	Listened to audiobook.
358	1	I'm both sad and overwhelmed by the truth the tale can be.
634	3	I was very apprehensive going into this book because I know that it is not told in a traditional style, but I ended up loving it. I will say that it was a little hard for me to keep everything straight in the beginning, but once I got into it and used to it I was fully emersed. I loved the characters in this book and even though I didn't think I was going to be able to see their personality come through with the way this was told, that was not the case at all. This book still managed to be hilarious and sad and beautiful even though it was literally just a compilation of files. It managed to completley take me by suprise and had me on the edge of my seat at multiple times throughout the story--not just at the end. I feel like this phrase gets thrown around a lot when people really enjoy a book, but I can honestly say that Illuminae really isn't like any book I've ever read before.
944	1	There's just  something  that prevents the books in this series from getting 5 stars...
50	3	I would consider myself a Chuck Palahniuk fan and I have read and thoroughly enjoyed most of his other books. This one however was a let down. The satire was shallow and toothless because its objects were such safe targets, character development was poor. There were some potentially interesting ideas but they were underdeveloped and thus seemed silly or uninvolving. This reads more like an extended outline or a rough draft. It is a very fast read, and has a few fun scenes and concepts, but this is below par for the author.
642	3	"It took about half way into this book for the humor to start hitting my funny bone. Making fun of the deaf, the overweight and the handicapped is a bit hard to get into, but the author tries to make this easier by having them be nasty people---think of the old Seinfeld episodes of the ""Bubble Boy"" etc. The first half is rather dark and cynical. But then about halfway through, the parody of the work place really started to turn from awful to wonderful, and the narrator gets into a hilarious exchange with the ""dealer"" in his building and then his overbearing girlfriend loses it during their breakup, so the second half I quite enjoyed."
186	3	I wanted to give this four stars, but honestly it feels too similar in formula and characters to Archer's Ministry of Peculiar Occurrences (MPO) series. I will say that this series feels a bit lighter, less gothic than MPO and the magic that Archer is describing is intriguing, but it's even really discussed/explained until almost the end, and then the ending itself is quite abrupt. Such endings are typical of Archer, but this one even more so since not a single main plot point was resolved. I plan to read the next installment, but have hopes that this series will be able to better distinguish itself from Archer's previous works.
910	1	2.5 stars. The movie would definitely give me nightmares.
786	2	Wow. This book left me feeling utterly wrecked and hopelessly blessed. Full review to come.
530	3	4.5 stars rounded up to 5. I devoured this book. The writing was gorgeous and the book was very atmospheric and had this supernatural/eerie sense to it (at least imo) throughout. Unforunately, I thought the last 1/4 or even 1/3 of the book was rather lackluster (I give the first half of the book 5 stars and the last 1/3 like, maybe 2.5 stars) - the ending also left me feeling unsatisfied, but because I enjoyed the previous parts so much, I decided to round my rating up to 5 stars instead of 4. I have the distinct feeling that not much actually happened in this book, but the characters and the setting and mood were just so well written I didn't really care. I look forward to reading the Goldfinch.
184	3	I enjoyed reading this, but it didn't feel like a fully modern re-telling. Three stars simply because even a failed Austen adaptation isn't the worst book in the world. Trollope even tries to pokes fun at some of the archaic elements that remain but, to me they fell flat as overall it's a very lazy adaptation. I can see the challenge S&S presents in that the whole story starts because of primogeniture inheritance laws as the times, but they aren't relevant now and Trollope's ham-fisted and nonsensical attempt to force her modern Dashwoods out of Norwood doesn't start off the novel well. I really wish Trollope had put more effort into this and made the modern Dashwood ladies into strong, independent women, but alas...
879	1	LOVED IT!!!!
983	1	3.5 stars Listened to audiobook.
631	3	Interesting to see how the different characters think about the Rebellion (I read it in Dutch, I think this is the word they use in the English version?) and how that changes (mainly with Xander) .
819	1	Good debut from this author. Review to come!
548	1	I know this book is supposed to be evil as its horribly inaccurate, but I had a lot of fun reading it, so I'm still giving it 4 stars. (sorry jacques)
863	1	Review coming soon...
316	2	The first book was erotic, this one was off the charts and the secondary elements of the story really took off in this book and made me feel. I really, really liked the conclusion.
831	1	Sexy biker book with a twist (or two!) Review to follow.
808	1	This is the best harry potter book so far, followed closely by book 6.
446	1	Wow review to follow soon
826	1	***6 stars!! *** Full review to come. This is a must-read!
502	1	3.5 stars, 5th&up Although not as action packed and tightly plotted as the first two books, the third entry in the Magisterium series was still absorbing and ended with a shock that makes me yearn for the next book. How long do I have to wait??
179	3	I don't know how she does it, but this is the first series where I've loved every single one of the books. It was a fantastic, amazing, emotional, gut-wrenching, and delectable read. Pamela Clare, I have no words to describe the power of your writing. 5/5 - Recommended to everyone!
751	2	original rating: 5 stars new rating: 3 stars I had a lot more problems with the story and characters this time. It definitly would not be a favorite read if I read it now, but I did love it a lot when I initially read it.
226	2	For now, I'm just going to say that I wanted to burn this book and then punch a baby in the face in the last 20 or so pages. I don't think I've ever been that ANGRY over a death.
370	1	I read this years ago. No idea why it is coming up as not finished!
0	3	Up until reading Hunger Games, this was my all-time favorite book. It is still a completely different genre, being entirely fantasy in every way. The author writes so beautifully I could close my eyes and picture everything she described, and the way the tale wove through all three books was perfect. I have read this book over and over again, never tiring of it.
594	4	This book left me dead inside. Even though this book is clearly a retelling about the Queen of Hearts from Alice and Wonderland, I'm a little shell shocked by the ending of this book. I will say that I read the original Alice's Adventures In WonderLand and Through the Looking Glass in preparation for this book, and oh my goodness that was the best decesion I could have ever made. If I thought I was impressed by Meyer's ability to craft retellings when I read the Lunar Chronicles, that was truly nothing after reading this book. The amount of references to the original text and the way she crafts this story to make sense with the originals is absoultly amazing. If you aren't very familiar with WonderLand, I highly recommend reading Lewis Carroll's work before diving into this.
396	1	3.5 stars Review to come
293	2	A short storie included in The Demigod Files. Persephone has summoned Percy, Thalia and Nico (one son/daughter of the big 3) to find the sword of Hades before its too late. The sword is too powerful and it can free and titan and doom the greek gods for good. They have little time before the thief escapes the underworld, so they must use their strenghts to find him before its too late. Its a cute story, and a perfect book for kids.
257	2	I liked this a lot. It was a great character study that packs a real emotional wallop. The plot is a bit meandering but the quality of the characterizations and the prose is so high and the historical details about English society circa WWI so fascinating that the slack pace of the mystery isn't much of a problem. Definitely check this out!
223	2	It started out really well, with magic, mystery and intrigue, and the writing is absolutely beautiful, then the insta, all-consuming love kicked in and I... just...couldn't
787	2	I liked Obsidian, but Onyx was definitely better! At times I was really annoyed with the storyline, and how Katy was ignoring everyone for Blake, but otherwise, no complaints. The cliffhanger was big, so of course I'm looking forward to reading the next one.
538	2	Good book for when you are sick in bed, or on a subway commute. Douglas Adams has a fine, Monty Pythonesque sense of humor. Its over fast, but apparently there is another one if you are interested. Spoiler alert: I would like to share a point where I did not LOL, but did in fact laugh out loud so hard that the subsequent coughing fit cured me of my bronchitis, viz. Question: How many roads must a man walk down? Indeed.
546	1	I read this classic twice in high school. Its hard to like books you read in high school, but this one stood out - couldn't tell you why anymore :)
697	2	A bunch of science and math jargon that I didn't comprehend but I enjoyed this book. It was slow at first then picked up. The humor is sarcastic and dry, so it's great and funny. My favorite parts were all then povs other than Mark's (what can I say? His are the most boring).
69	2	I knew I would love this book as soon as I saw the dedication, which mentioned Jason Bourne and Aaron Cross. As promised, it was the perfect blend of action, suspense, and romance- with female kick-assery making it nearly irresistible. This book was a blast!
482	1	Perfect. This series is perfect.
294	2	I liked this book. Its a recopilations of 3 short stories told by Percy's pov. The first one is about him helping Clarise with a task form her father (greek God Ares), the second one is about him fighting against some gigant ants to save his friend (with the help of Annabeth) in the middle of a camp battle, and the third one is about finding the sword of Hades before the thief can leave the underworld. It also has some interviews to the characters, some puzzles and other fun things. It's ideal for kids.
6	3	Provided you're willing to accept the artificiality of this book's implausible plot and hyper stylized, show-offy prose, this is a really fun read. It's creative and engrossing and anchored by a great protagonist in Blue. Pessl's distinctive writing style also largely worked for me. Her constant stream of references, parenthetical asides, and lengthy, colorful descriptions will definitely not be to everyone's taste but I found this witty and well crafted for the most part.
935	1	Hate the cover...
753	2	Great conclusion to a great series! Rowling outdoes the Tolkien in the long forest fugitive scenes, and really packs a punch with the romance!
55	3	I liked this book. The main character is great, which is really important to me. I like how the whole vampire business is handled, and I also like the love part of it (its not crazy weird love, its normal dating and attraction). I also enjoyed the murder mystery, I suspected who the killer was but wasn't so sure. Its well written and enjoyable. I'll definitively read more books in the series.
595	4	This book was so original; I've never read anything like it. The symbolism blew my mind and was absolutely beautiful, especially the scene describing the tapestry. There were plot twists in this book that I could have never seen coming and couldn't stop reading to find out what would happen next. I had some small problems, and it realistically is probably more like a 4.5 for me, but there were parts that made me so happy that I just had to bump it up to 5 stars.
890	1	"It has been a long time since I've read a ""dear reader"" style narrative. I found it annoying. But I did want to know who would get the credit for creating the black tulip. That plus it being a group read kept me reading. At least I'd been forewarned not to look for realism."
475	1	Funny, cute, and sexy.
632	3	This book was so exciting! I have never read anything like it. It is full of action, and Ursula Poznanski creates a game world that seems 'real' (not 'the world we live in'-real but 'this could be the setting of a fantasy book'-real). The plot surprised me and had me wondering all day: 'Could this be real?'
62	1	A great addition to an amazing series! This author keeps getting better and better. If you haven't read any the other books in this series, I suggest you run out and buy them. It's wacky, funny, and thrilling. And don't forget the two cutest cats in book history!
215	3	A lovely ending to the imaginative trilogy that consists of Journey, Quest, & now Return. As brightly illustrated as ever, no words are needed to convey the adventures of a little girl who wants her father to spend some time with her. When she returns to the colorful, magical world she has journeyed in twice before, he joins her & the two enjoy an unforgettable adventure. The art and story-craft of Aaron Becker is not to be missed. This ARC was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review.
535	4	After a bit of a slow start with Nine Stories, this volume shows that Angela Carter can write. She wields a broader vocabulary than any writer I can name and can write sentences that flow clear and fast. They sparkle with wit and insight. The subject matter, retold fairy tales with an erotic twist, feels a bit aged, like the darkly lit, wood paneled men's club interiors of chaste Sixties Playboy photoshoots, and there are quite a few wolves, which imagery feels overused. The libido-on-the-loose vibe pervades these stories, but the feminist messaging, if any, went right over my head.
182	3	This books touched me when I was 12. That's 12 years ago. Still expecting my Hogwarts letter though. I just love this new universe, this new reality filled with magic and creatures. I read this books so much times that sometimes I feel I went to that school and met all those people. The end of the school year used to make me as sad as it made Harry, but Hogwarts will always be my and every children's home.
490	1	Look, I didn't care to read about Butch and his human-ness (cuz it's a disease, you know? LOL). Anyhow, I am SO glad I didn't skip it because I ended up loving his story as much as the rest of them. Clearly, I am J.R. 's bitch.
654	3	This book has almost made me believe in time travel. How in the f* could he have written this in 1955?! It predicts everything that the US did in in Vietnam to completely screw the pooch, but which did not happen until the first half of the 1960s. Graham Greene was either a genius or he had some wicked good connections to something or someone. And then of course, the fact that this was written then and then everything happened anyway, makes me (and should make you) really, really sad. So that is why it's a five.
459	1	Ah, now there's a book that knows how to stick a landing. Classic McKillip, even though it makes a nod at a modern/realism setting.
636	3	3.5 Stars. I did enjoy this one slightly more than the first one. I thought it introduced a lot of great new characters and did a much better just showing instead of telling (which was my biggest problem with the first one). While I really enjoyed the first 100 pages after that I thought the plot slowed down a lot and I started to really lose interest. That's what really brought down the rating for me. I will say though that this is still one of the most original YA series I have ever read.
476	1	Available now!!
139	4	Adebayo has penned a powerful and heartbreaking tale that takes on big issues such as fidelity, political upheaval, belief, cultural norms, tragedy, fear, and family, and makes them personal. She tells the story of two lovers, Yejide and Akin, who begin their marriage with the assurance that unlike many in Nigeria, they can make a family with just the two of them, and hopefully a baby or two. When time passes, and they are not blessed with children, Akin bows to family pressure and takes a second wife, a betrayal that sends Yekide on a devastating path that will affect more than just the relationship between husband and wife. This is a stellar debut. With thanks to Knopf/Random House, this ARC was obtained at BookExpo17 in exchange for an honest review.
616	3	A really interesting novel that takes place in the future in a world where some people live in the metaverse (aka digital universe/internet) more than the real world. I don't remember it so well now but I do remember there being some really interesting tie-ins to ancient sumarian computers. That plus any book with a protagonist named Hiro Protagonist who wields badass japanese swords is just badass. Note: the MetaVerse is current being built now here: http://secondlife.com
454	1	"All could think when I closed this book was ""What an odd book."""
75	4	Underground Airlines is a mystery, an adventure, a far-reaching governmental expose, a spy novel, a tragedy tale. It is what we might have been if history had gone a little differently, it's even a little bit of what we are even if we don't want to admit it. It's the story of a young black man in modern day America who has been forced to make a deal with the devil: in order to maintain his freedom, he tracks down runaway slaves for the government, and returns them to the portions of America where slavery is still legal and is an accepted evil of our profitable economy. There is something different about Victor's latest mark however, and everything begins to change as he starts to question what his freedom is worth and what his employers are hiding. Winters has created an immensely readable thriller that will give you plenty of food for thought. This ARC was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review.
145	4	Ordinary lives in the hands of a master storyteller are turned into a thing of beauty in Patchett's latest novel Commonwealth. The Cousins and Keating families are irrevocably tied together the moment that Bert Cousins and Beverly Keating first lock eyes and decide to push aside their respective marriage vows to indulge in an affair. From that point forward, the lives of the four adults and six children can be seen in a kaleidoscope pattern; showing different shades of the same complex extended family- a youthful excursion here, a marriage dispute there, next a display of shifting loyalties, followed by the bittersweet memory of a loved one lost too soon. The vignettes are always changing, seemingly prosaic and common, but strangely beautiful. Astonishingly absorbing, this novel will certainly strike familiar notes with any reader, and hopefully encourage them to cherish the messy, painful, and wonderful aspects of their own multi-layered family. This novel was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review.
422	1	I Loved Flat Out LOve and was ecstatic to see life from Matt's perspective. Loved it and so recommend this heartfelt series.
474	1	Well, shit. With friends like these . You'll just have to read it for yourself ;).
708	2	For once, the relationship between a student and teacher isn't just black and white. Let me tell you, it's a VERY, very prominent gray.
124	2	9th&up Topical, beautiful, raw, thoughtful, real, important. Angie Thomas broke my heart and made me so sorry that this book has to exist, but grateful that it does (if that makes sense).
15	4	Gothic atmosphere meets tender romance in Amanda Quick's latest Victorian era historical tour de force. When single businesswoman Calista Langley asks crime novelist Trent Hastings for assistance in unmasking a twisted secret admirer that seems to have singled her out for a deadly game of cat and mouse, the two become tangled up in more than just an investigation. As usual, Quick has penned a lovely lark of a tale. Populated by well-rounded characters and enough historical research to add depth to the story, she perfectly balances setting, characters, plot, and relationship development- the end result being a story that will delight her legion of fans, as well as earn her new ones. Thanks to Berkley Publishing Group and NetGalley for providing this advanced read in exchange for an honest review.
698	2	Surprisingly, a lot of the dialogue from the movie were direct quotes from the book. Truly one of the most true adaptations of a book I've seen in a movie. It was enjoyable, but I feel like watching the movie first made me enjoy the book less, since I already knew what was going to happen.
433	1	OMG Fraking Loved it! It brought me to similar emotions to when i read the gamble the first of this series. Everything about this book was great but especially Chace and Faye
586	1	This started out really well, with magic, mystery and intrigue but then it devolved into an insta-all consuming love story and I...Just....Couldn't.
415	1	Love this series. Full Review on last part or can be located here
97	1	I like this book! It wasn't the most awesome read in the freaking universe, but it was super enjoyable! If I have had time, I would have read in one sitting! If you are looking for a enjoyable quick fun read, this is your book!
977	1	It is beautiful. I got lost among the flora, but do hope to take this up again some day when the kids are quieter, and the pace of life is slower.
509	4	Seriously, Skye Warren can pack more feeling and vivid description into a short story than some authors can in 350 pages. I immediately connected with the lovely young Erin and the object of her desire, Mr. Blake Morris. This wonderful, short erotic story is a total turn-on but is very touching at the same time. Read it, you will absolutely love this sweet and steamy story. Beauty Touched the BeastSkye Warren
366	1	2.5 - this book was a lot like book 3 but not quite as bad.
127	4	This book is a failure. The characters are fatally underdeveloped, which totally saps the drama out of things. Also, some of the writing is frustratingly vague and hard to follow. However, I can't deny that I found it at times an intriguing failure and I appreciated how weird it was. There were individual moments and bits of prose that really struck me. Taken as a whole this didn't work for me, but bits of it were compelling.
142	4	Devastating, infuriating, and completely engaging, Moore skillfully conveys the true story of the legion of young women who worked with radium at their highly sought after factory jobs during World War I. Although they were unaware of the dangers of this new wonder element, there were others who knew that they were putting money and power over these ladies' lives and carried on anyway. Failed by so many, their bodies disintegrating from the inside out, often ostracized by their communities, they fought literally until their last breath to gain justice through the court systems and protect future workers from deadly or hazardous conditions. Utterly heartbreaking and highly recommended. Special thanks to Sourcebooks for providing this arc in exchange for an honest review.
151	3	I couldn't make it through this. I only started reading it because it was featured in one of my favorite movies from my teen years, Ever After. The main character quoted it and for some stupid reason I was determined to read it. It's really short, but the writing style from the 1500's is MUCH different from ours. And I thought that Jane Austen was a challenging read! So, I gave up about halfway through, and I'm ok with that.
722	2	The book that got me into PJ. This was my first Percy Jackson book that I read. I remember being at the library and wanting to find a book to read and seeing this book and remembering reading about how Percy Jackson was being made into a movie or something and deciding to read this book because of that. One of the best decisions I have ever made in my life. It introduced me to my favorite book series. Literally the next day, I was at a bookstore and I had my dad spend $100 on the box set without even knowing what the books were about (other than they were Percy Jackson) and having no idea whatsoever if I would even like it.
209	3	9th&up A teen who has just moved to a new state finds that the trouble he and his parents left behind is nothing compared to the deadly secrets that he uncovers in the perfect little town of Stepton, Virginia. This is a terrific mystery with a funny, clever, wise-ass protagonist, an inviting narrative style, plenty of thrills, family drama, betrayals, surprising revelations, and romance. Fake ID is a whole lot of fun! Side note- grade level chosen due to fair level of violence, adult language, and mature references- perfect for high school readers who loves thrillers with engaging characters and a fast moving plot.
724	2	The first time I read this I rated it 4 stars because before I read it my friends told me that people thought it wasn't as good as the previous books. Stupidly, I let others' opinions influence me before I even read it. I reread it a second time and it is  fucking brilliant .
307	2	I think I was supposed to find Vonnegut's post modern streaming of consciousness fascinating or interesting - I did not. I think this book was supposed to be somewhat funny - It is not. So it goes.
493	1	I'll come back to say something about it.
61	2	I loved this book as a kid and I love it still as an adult. It's one of those books that's so much a part of my life that it's hard for me to believe that not everyone has read it. Maur still creeps me out, Talat still makes me teary, and Aerin's surka rash as she climbs the tower remains the best thing ever.
108	3	3.5 stars My first Ruggle romance, but definitely not my last. This sweet romance with just enough angst and adventure had everything I was looking for in a comforting literary getaway. I very much enjoyed time with Jules and her little family, and Theo and his K9 crew, and I'm looking forward to the next novel in the series.
735	2	The only reason this is 2 stars instead of 1 star is part 4, which is really what the entire book was leading up to. That was the only reason I wanted to keep reading, everything else was pointless exposition.
318	2	I loved the writing, the story, the characters. I didn't read If You Stay before this one, but will be reading it soon because I am intrigued about Pax and Mila now (even though I know what happens in their future...I'm okay with spoilers, though). Overall, I enjoyed this one a lot!
477	1	If we have to measure based on stars, five doesn't do this book justice. It is hands down, without a doubt, the best book I've read this year.
481	1	I love how this woman writes! If you're looking for mafia with a hint (much, much more than a hint, really) of erotica... this is perfect. LOVE Antonio.
166	3	Fascinating, horrifying, unputdownable. Very educational and insightful. Surprisingly beautifully written given the grim subject matter. What a story and what an accomplished telling of it.
1001	1	I have a problem with this book being categorized as Young Adult Fiction because of numerous adult themes.
425	1	review to come
701	2	Based off just the title and without reading the synopsis, this book wasn't what I was expecting. I still enjoyed it however, and it was a pretty quick read. Very enlightening in terms or dealing with autism and family dynamics.
195	3	"This is a deceptively simple book at first glance. Mitchell tells six different stories that, taken individually, are interesting but not profound. Yet somehow when you take them all together, the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. His theme is self-interest vs. altruism, and this quote from the last page sums it up best: ""If we believe that humanity may transcend tooth & claw, if we believe divers races & creeds can share this world as peaceably as the orphans share their candlenut tree, if we believe leaders must be just, violence muzzled, power accountable & the riches of the Earth & its Oceans shared equitably, such a world will come to pass."""
927	1	First read this freshman year of high school, and just read it again for my writing class 2nd year of college.
951	1	It's 3 in the morning and I'm happy/sad crying. I love this book.
655	3	This was a book I wanted to love but I just didn't. It felt clunky and off. Everything that happened before she got on the bus was backstory and not really necessary. We could have learned about it as she told Andrew about it and it would have speed things up considerably. It just didn't do it for me. It was okay, but nothing amazing.
337	2	4th&up Sob! Dead Poet's Society meets Ferris Bueller's Day Off for the middle school set. Wonderful characters, a moving story line, and amusing antics, combine to create a modern classic for preteens. Highly recommended.
906	1	Stopped reading this at page 91. I don't know if it's just the mood I'm in or what, but I could not get into this at all. Disappointing.
783	2	The populist plot summary/marketing plug for this book on the back cover was laughable. There is not much of a plot, but it has internal suffering galore. And a menacing interview with the detective on the case half way through which had all the power of the really old Colombo episodes--the ones done by Steven Spielberg. If you have a conscience, you should enjoy this.
941	1	I guess I didn't track this on goodreads when I first read this so I'll just rate it 3 stars, but I have to reread it.
653	3	This is a novel about transformation, a weekend version of The Road's apocalypse. Lasting impressions: The dark menace of the metal working shop, the golden glint in the eye of the underwear model, the alpha male and his less enthusiastic sidekicks, the do what you must heroics, which is the transformation/deliverance, and the sheer excitement of the 'most dangerous game.' My reading notes came out sparse, because the poetry is baked into every line and does not sift to notes well. My cousin and I have a disagreement about ranking -- I have always fought grade inflation, but rankings above three seem to be more about emotional punch, which is a function of individuality. Mark--I did like this book.
51	2	I really enjoy a good friends to lovers stories and this one was perfect in every way. It was full of wit, fun, and lots of heart. Ivy and Gray suit each other in and out of the bedroom.
321	2	I really enjoyed this book. I loved that the main character, Haley, is not a super skinny model type. She's chubby, she's shy but has spunk. Very relatable. Anyway, it's a very cute and steamy love story.
130	4	A witty and charming alternative history of the last days of King Edward and his very temporary successor the doomed nine day queen Lady Jane Grey. This is a lightweight, comedic work full of wisecracks and deliberately anachronistic language and references. The plot also includes a fantasy element that re-casts the Catholic vs. Protestant tension of the time as a clash between the magical shape shifting Edians (who take on a variety of animal forms) and the Verities who wish to destroy them. This book is really well written and super fun from beginning to end. I enjoyed it heartily and I think anyone in the mood for some historical fiction brain candy will as well.
688	2	Mildly entertaining. Some interesting social attitudes and family conflicts. Conversation was not convincing as conversation. Unexpected ending.
268	2	I can't believe Margaret Atwood wrote this. The 175 pages of this I read before I made the decision to abandon it were shockingly terrible. The first two books are so good, don't taint them by picking up this volume. Yikes.
529	3	Quite a good read. For once an ending seemed well handled--only one small piece seemed extraneous. Some excellent character development. I had forecast a totally different ending, and mine would have worked well also, but this one was better. I find that I enjoy being right in forecasting the ending, and I also enjoy being surprised by being wrong when it is well done.
278	2	I only read half of this before packing it in, it was dull as dishwater. I probably should have read it as a younger person or not at all. Characters are thin and the plot is dull. There are some short snatches of pretty writing but beyond that it's not worth reading. However, as I said I only read half of it so it might have picked up later.
643	3	This was written in a seventies pot-boiler style, which is not really my cup of tea. The idea was amusing, but the realization seemed a bit stretched. There were a few laughs, but mostly I remember a wish to get through it. It did keep me from boredom in a hotel room, but when I got back home I had better things to read and it languishes on my unfinished shelf.
368	1	Got to 32% before I decided I'd rather gouge my own eyes out.
196	3	"Pretty good. Funny and thought provoking, it kept a good pace throughout. Looking through some of the other reviews I can see why some people went off it in the second half, but I think they may have lost the point a bit. Don't get me wrong, it changes quite significantly, and is less consciously funny. But in its place is a thoughtful look at what being undead means, particularly to a dorky teenager. There are still laughs but the changes in our ""hero"" cast an interesting light onto some of the earlier funnier moments."
178	3	The world building in this book is unlike anything I've ever read. It had all sorts of elements from historical, paranormal, vampires, steampunk, and fantasy thrown into one along with steamy romance! An inventive and refreshing read. The characters draw you in, and I mean, every character. Each has something to offer in this book, with enough enticement to make you look for more.
326	2	There are so many glowing reviews of this book here that I feel a little ashamed to admit that I thought it was just ok. I wonder if that has something to do with the age at which I read it. Perhaps if I'd first encountered it as a child, I'd feel the same way I do about Alice in Wonderland or The Wizard of Oz. And maybe if I'd waited until adulthood to read those books, I wouldn't think much of them either. All I know is that I found this story to be a pleasant trifle and nothing more.
201	3	4.5 stars, 7th&up Sierra Santiago's life is changed forever after she realizes that she is part of a long line of gifted artists who can use their talents to battle demons and keep humanity safe from darkness. Older's novel is just wonderful- full of sass, a firm sense of community, and fast paced action. Shadowshaper is more than a simple fantasy adventure, it touches upon some big issues such as gentrification, culture theft, empowerment, pride, and more. Despite the range and density of the themes, the story is never bogged down, but instead is paced perfectly for an entertaining read with plenty of depth. Highly recommended.
641	3	Whoa. Its different from the way I remember the movie. The movie works as a movie, but the book sure works well as a book. The movie builds to a dramatic ending, but the book keeps you on the edge throughout, and has charming moments to boot. I can't get enough of the lawyer as hero! Well worth the read.
729	2	a beautiful book, beautiful illustrations and a really nice story
963	1	A reread, but always enjoyable.
291	2	I liked this book but it took a long time to get to the meat of the story. The Characters were good. Mourning a loss of a loved one is always hard and finding someone new to love can cause more issues. The end was good and I would read the next book in the series.
759	2	"An excellent read for bedtime--much better than most--good new words and pithy explanations--and an interesting story to boot. My younger son is spellbound. and at the end of book 1 I asked him if I should get the next in the series .... ""yes!"" thanks Parenthetical!"
649	3	Science is hard, but reading this book is easy. Elizabeth Kolbert pens another thoughtful volume, this time explaining how the death of other species is a warning for our own. Ask not for whom the bell tolls, it tolls for us, too. Can we think our way out of this pickle? One can only hope, because dramatically changing our lifestyle seems to be completely off the table. Hell, we can barely get the oldies to switch to energy saving lightbulbs and low flow toilets without screaming about communistic fascism.
455	1	Five stars simply because of Sue the Tyrannosaurus's cameo.
79	4	"9th&up When Laurel is invited by her friend to vacation on the ""Cruise to Lose"" ship, she doesn't much care about the celebrities or the rich elites who will be attending, or the chance to sample Solu- the not yet released wonder sweetener that is supposedly guaranteed to cause easy and significant weight loss. She's just looking forward to a relaxing vacation with Viv. When the passengers start reacting strangely to the Solu sweetener, Laurel begins to realize that her dream getaway is about to turn into a nightmare. Although a bit uneven towards the end, this was still a fun thriller/sweet romance/horror novel that had me tearing through the pages. While finding an audience that enjoys romance and gore in equal parts might be a challenge, it worked for me- along with the entertainingly over the top villain, subtle comments about celebrity idols, America's obesity problem, quick fixes, and body acceptance."
870	1	Review to Come soon...
193	3	I loved the atmosphere that Swyler creates in this book. She uses language in a most bewitching way. That was enough to make me forgive most of the things in this book that didn't seem quite right. When a book is magic realism, it's hard to say that it doesn't make sense or seem factually correct, but some of the odd things in this book seemed due to a lack of thorough editing rather than magic. Still, it was an excellent read and well worth my time.
438	1	review to come
986	1	Listened to audiobook.
732	2	This one is going back to my 'to-read' shelve, I will continue reading it when I have more time for it.
63	2	Imagine that your friend invited you to his/her house and when you get there, there is a group of people playing D&D or some kind of RPG and you just want to sit and watch it. This is the vibe of Gardens of the Moon. I think what people actually find complicated in this book is the amount of characters - because there is a lot of them. My way to deal with that was to get the list of characters from Wikipedia and keep close while reading. The way Steven Erikson don't just give you all the information and make you really pay close attention to the dialogue and the events and how the characters reacts to them is truly the art of a D&D Master.
43	3	What a sweet, charming novella. The writing was solid, Zuzana and Mik's narration was clever, the romance left me appropriately swoony. This story did everything it set out to do. The main series is so unrelentingly grim it was nice to see two characters enjoy some happiness here. Now onto the third book.
304	2	...Well, that was far more quasi-incestuous sex magic than I expected to meet this side of fanfiction. I really liked this book. I'd hit a bad run and started to forget that the urban fantasy equivalent of the B movie can actually be good, but this is definitely a good book. It's cheerful and sexual and funny and well-built, and it definitely improved my week.
856	1	GREAT BOOK. A MUST- READ!
896	1	I want the book now March 18, 2013: The cover is gorg!
359	1	I grieve with Fitz but this is truly one of the best woven ending I've ever read.
84	2	Meh. That's about how I feel about this one. I'm quite disappointed, actually. I bought the book, so sure in my purchase since it seemed everyone LOVES it, and now I'm stuck with a mediocre story on my shelf. It is written decent enough, but I guess I'm just sick of the unoriginal premises and cliche storylines. Maybe I shouldn't have bought so much into everyone else's opinions.
932	1	Dat Cover Tho.
282	2	Very dull and derivative of Grisham's other work. The plot is not interesting, the writing is lackluster and somewhat mean spirited, it feels like this was cashing a paycheck and that is it.
472	1	I need to re-read this! :) I read when I was quite young and despite I like it, I didn't really get it.
452	1	"3.5 stars. This is definitely one of those books with a mass amount of issues that for some reason just didn't bother me. Kind of like a movie you see in theatre that you leave thinking ""wow, that was so much fun"", but when someone later asks how the actual movie was, you realize it was nothing special. BUT IT WAS SO MUCH FUN! Off the read the next one!"
152	3	Nothing unique about this concept, but to me, the medical/biological/scientific suspense novels don't get old. I have been a fan of Michael Crichton, and I like his writing style a lot, so this book was one that I liked. He doesn't create memorable characters, but the concepts themselves are very exciting.
159	3	I didn't totally buy this book. I thought there were internal inconsistencies in the world building and some of the characters' decisions were not well justified in text. Even with these reservations though this was an entertaining book that's worth reading. Black mashes up a lot of different ways of seeing vampirism and this book has some very vivid imagery that really stays with the reader. It's good enough to justify the time spent reading it though it isn't fully successful in concept or execution.
968	1	This book is a masterpiece
775	2	Stendhal held that politics in a work of art is like shooting at gun in a theater. Well, I hate to disappoint you, Stenny, but my counterpoint is exhibit A, Citizen Kane, and b is Roth's Our Gang. Exhibit C is Black Swan Green, D is Apocalypse Now, E is The Quiet American, and F is One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. I could go on, but I think the point is made.
81	3	3.5 stars Sparks again does what he does best- his latest novel has a damsel in distress, a knight in slightly tarnished armor, relationship troubles, a stalker, peril aplenty, and more. With appealing main characters, well drawn secondary characters and enough action to keep the pages turning, even though I was not blown away by the story I still enjoyed myself quite a bit.
188	3	"I really liked the ""Ghost War"" story, but the ""Survival of the Fittest"" was kind of bland -- perhaps not unexpected, since Rafael Albuquerque did the ""Ghost War"" art but not the other story's art. It's interesting how much the emphasis here was on women and domesticity. In ""Ghost War"", it's all about how Pearl and her husband choose a married love life over the excitement of being/hunting vampires -- how the I-am-a-tough-loner-who-gives-up-everything-for-my-cause life is not the life that either of them want, in the end -- and I think that having Pearl's husband be the POV character for most of the story helps in keeping it from being Skinner as masculinity versus Pearl as femininity without taking away from Pearl's active choices. In ""Survival of the Fittest"", I'm less impressed with Felicia ending up raising a baby and feeling validated by men's faith in her ."
843	1	A beautiful romance! I read this in 1 day, could not stop reading until I finished Lauren and Caden's story. The sex scenes left me breathless and the story had my heart in its clutches! A must read!
931	1	I guess I read this but I never rated it? Oh well, until I reread it I'll just give it 3 stars. Original release date is the 27th but I bought it today? What....?
757	2	Lemony Snicket delivers once again with this riveting mystery of dastardly plots, idiot guardians and resourceful and heroic children. My boys love this series.
608	4	Coupled with Flannery O'Connor's 'all the stories' collection, I was touring life in 1950s America. It was a bigoted, closeted, pleasant time, when people dressed well, read hard boiled pulp and didn't stick their noses in other people's business. I enjoyed greatly the description of all the little jobs that have irretrievably faded into history; the elevator operators, the western union offices, the man who has a job at a local bank in the next town, and having that job, makes enough to own a home in a nice neighborhood and raise a family. Where did these jobs go? Milton Friedman and his classical economist ilk sent them all away, across the borders and the oceans, because it's cheaper for the consumers, you know, those other people who have the good jobs, not the ones who are going to lose theirs when we throw their jobs onto the slag heap of there must be a better way. ... And I find that I have become a raving old coot.
788	2	Listened to audiobook. Told from the husband's perspective, the book was uncomfortable to listen to, and would also, I think, be equally uncomfortable to read. Points given for creativity, though, because similar plot lines have been narrated from the wife's point of view.
440	1	I Liked it! It was like sexy, steamy big bang theory.
140	4	Hearkening back to the sinister feel of old fairy tales and legends, McGuire combines damn fine storytelling with a dark and twisted take on the lands that can only be reached through hidden doorways found by chosen ones under the right (or wrong?) circumstances. Magic and atmosphere just shimmer off the page, while the author sneaks in food for thought about identity, familial bonds, and the essential need for a child to be allowed to choose their own path- in both a literal and allegorical sense. This is the tale of lost siblings Jack and Jill as only Seanan McGuire could envision. Thank you to Macmillan and Tor for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
334	2	While The Late Show was occasionally bogged down by too many technical details concerning police procedures, and there were waaaaaaay more acronyms than I would have liked, Ballard is a kick ass, rebellious, and intriguing character that I loved rooting for. Michael Connelly has created another flawed but irresistible protagonist- more Ballard, please! This ARC was obtained at BookExpo'17, with thanks to Little, Brown and Company/Hachette Book Group, in exchange for an honest review.
372	1	I'm giving this a 4 because of a spoiler. The rest of it is a 3 to 3.5. The Infernal Devices was superior.
312	2	"I read the entire Maiden Lane series back to back so I can't tell the books apart right now, but I'm giving the series as a whole a 5 because obviously Hoyt made me her bitch and I'm okay with that. I also want to say that when I started the first book I was so glad they were on my kindle because I was extremely embarrassed that I was reading an ""old lady book"". Well, by the time I got to the fourth book I didn't care who saw me reading a book with Fabio on the cover (I'm pretty sure it didn't have him on the cover) because I was *that* immersed in this world. I shall never call Regency Romance ""old lady books"" again. Okay, I'm lying. I probably will, but that's okay because 1- I'm not that young and 2- I obviously enjoy them."
286	2	I finally got a taste of Cat and Bones, and I liked it! The concept was different and unique. The writing kept me entertained and the story is action-packed. Looking forward to more of them soon!
778	2	Like reviewing a piece by Mozart. Who am I to judge? This prose is poetry in motion.
211	3	8th&up, 3.5 stars A young woman with more than her share of responsibility and strife meets an otherworldly being who saves her life from a human threat while unwillingly exposing her to danger from the depths of hell. The Edge of Everything has enough adventure, romance, and suspense to keep the pages turning- and thanks to a few loose ends, readers will be eagerly awaiting a sequel. This ARC was obtained at BEA16, in exchange for an honest review.
558	3	Two things appealed to me about this book. First, I am fascinated by animals learning human language, had read about Nim Chimsky long ago and was fascinated by the use of sign language with animals. I appreciated the notes at the end leading to research backing the novel actions and to the comment that most of the ape - human conversation was based on real conversations, although the book was fiction. Second, it was a real page turner with twists and turns. Some events I could figure out ahead and some surprised me, a nice balance.
407	1	Review to come
596	4	I think I'm finally really getting into this series now! I have a lot more respect and interest for the characters after this book--finally. Unfortunately, I found the first half of this book really slow and that's why I couldn't give if five stars, but the second half was definitely worth five on its own. I can't wait to read the next book now! I also was not a fan of the fact that we were finally introduced to an LGBTQA+ character in this series, only to have him killed off for dramatic effect. I know there is a lot of death in this series, and usually I love that it keeps the plot interesting and keeps me guessing about what will happen next, but I was really excited to finally have that diversity in this story and I don't think she should've taken it in that direction
410	1	review to come
253	2	Cool plot, awesome villain, adequate prose and character development, annoying unnecessary and unconvincing romance subplot.
673	2	Fantastic, page-turning, gripping and unbelievably hot book. I am in love with both characters! Thank you, M. Pierce, for Matt and Hannah! By far, one of the most creative stories I have read in a long while. Drop everything and read Night Owl! Read our full review here
122	1	A book I've owned for over thirty five years and never regretted a day of it. I'd put it at the top of Zelazny's game.
115	2	7th&up Dashner has me fully hooked- from the very first page I eagerly raced along with Thomas and the Gladers as they fought to survive against the Scorch, the Flare infected, and the machinations of WICKED. Woe to anyone who comes between me and the nearest copy of The Death Cure!
374	1	oh my days, I didn't expect that!!!!
572	2	Recommended reading to understand what is going on in middle america, and possibly better explain why Trump won. http://www.npr.org/2016/11/09/5013826...
763	2	I teared up when was reading this to my two sons, ages five and three, and recalling the only other time I encountered this book when my mother read it to my sisters and I in the dark of our dining room three blocks from the campus in 1969. Why did I want to read it to my own children when I only heard it read once at age six (or perhaps seven)? I did not remember. I only recalled that there was something in it, some spark of light that needed to be passed on to my children.
453	1	Complete fluff of a novella, ridiculously implausible, but also insanely adorable. The perfect way to spend an hour and a half.
332	2	It's an elegant book by almost any definition. The prose is immaculate: easy to read, tight and effective. Like a good piece of jazz the effortlessness belies the amount of work required for the effect.
562	3	"Since the first book fell flat, I was expecting the same from the sequel. In the beginning, it was just that. By the middle though, I was thoroughly enraptured by the book. It was VERY predictable and I predicted the ""villains"" since practically the beginning, still, that fact did not diminish my enjoyment of the book."
727	2	"I feel like I would have appreciated this book even more if I read ""A Wrinkle in Time"" beforehand. Anyways, I wasn't really feeling the  time travel stuff   but everything else, the friendship/family dynamics were A+."
270	2	This book rather derivative in parts and it lacks King's usual level of character development but it is still entertaining enough to be worth reading.
90	3	Though this is a short work it feels complete and satisfying on its own, not just as a set up to later volumes. Great prose, a charming pair of protagonists, a plausible attraction and development of the romance. Very clever scene involving the exchange of pins that I found just delightful. I decided to check this author out after reading many glowing reviews of her work online and I was impressed.
3	4	This is an excellent story. It picks up the Outlander epic and turns it into legend. To brave the stones and fate to rekindle a love separated by centuries, Claire proves her valor and regains her heart. Not to be missed.
948	1	"I like to call this book the ""mind fuck"" book..."
119	1	Thorin,Fili and Kili feelings! This book is awesome! Is funny and exciting and made me angry sometimes and fell in love also!
45	3	A significant improvement over the Gunslinger. Roland is still kind of a drip of a character but thankfully the new members of the ensemble are vivid and interesting. This story is very satisfying in its own right and sets up the next book nicely.
717	2	This book is crazy. Also, the main character annoyed me, throughout the series yes, but even more so in this book. Like, really? She made THE SAME MISTAKE THREE TIMES. It was annoying.
889	1	The book is more of a challenge than I have time for right now. It has come due at the library and I cannot renew it. I'll try again later.
777	2	The rape (its Oates, so no surprise) of a high school daughter breaks this family apart, but then they heal in odd, disfigured ways. Good description of the exteriors and interiors of a rural society like the one I grew up in.
725	2	Couldn't finish it. I was 5/6 of the way done with the book and I just had to put it down because it was so boring. Nothing exciting happened and I felt like the book was dragging.
858	1	OMG can't put it down. Great story
141	4	When Tea discovers that she is a Bone Witch with powers over death, her old life ends in an instant; she is whisked away from everything familiar so she can learn to control her potentially destructive new skill. Tea trains, makes new friends and adversaries, gets caught up in political machinations, and begins to open herself up to potential love interests. Throughout this tale of new adventures, dangers and experiences, Chupeco also gives the reader plenty of warning of dark times to come- a jaded slightly older Tea also plays a part, and she is bent on bringing chaos and revenge to her enemies. While this novel drags at times as Chupeco builds a solid foundation for her world, and Tea was not always an enjoyable character, this is a book I would recommend to my teen patrons, and for my own part, I plan on keeping an eye out for the sequel. Thank you to Sourcebooks Fire and NetGalley for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
972	1	Re-read the illustrated edition and completely loved it. Can't wait for the prisoner of azkaban to come out illustrated next year so I can continue the christmas re-reading tradition
444	1	Review to come
920	1	Really strong debut book. It never got boring and I can't wait for McGinnis' next book.
494	1	HOT.ness. That's all.
682	2	The plot pacing was excellent, and the book held my attention. The well-rounded character development allowed me to change my opinion of several actors.
70	4	After barely surviving a horrific attack from her ex-boyfriend, Kate Priddy is desperate to escape her past and its violent memories, so when a distant cousin spontaneously suggests a six month apartment swap, she readily agrees to leave gloomy London for a new start in Boston. At first glance, Kate is delighted with her decision- Corbin's apartment is beautiful, the neighborhood seems charming, and she's already met a handsome and sweet man who lives nearby. Before she can get too comfortable, however, Kate learns that a woman was very recently murdered in the room next door and the police are still searching for clues to the grisly crime- with her cousin being one of the prime suspects. Unable to suppress the belief that Audrey's killer might be among the people she's just met, Kate finds herself caught up in the investigation while the killer draws ever closer to his new prey. Swanson skillfully moves his story forward by using different (at times untrustworthy) perspectives; by slowly revealing secrets, obsessions, and other surprises; and by occasionally using an unsettling, jagged timeline- all methods that work together to provide a clever, above average thriller that is a worthy follow up to last year's blockbuster The Kind Worth Killing. Thank you to William Morrow/HarperCollins for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
939	1	I loved this book. There simply isn't any way I could write a review that would sum up my feelings.
989	1	3.5 stars Strained credulity.
820	1	For Cathy's review and an excerpt from the book, go to The Book Bellas
730	2	I can't even begin to express how beautifully written this book is. I'd recommend it to everyone. (currently rereading it)
960	1	I am rereading the HP serie, this time round I'm reading the English versions.
292	2	Heartbreaking story of love and loss. This was a real tear jerker and makes my heart ache. Loved it though.
213	3	In this modern retelling of Jack and the Beanstalk, Hatke uses his delightful illustrations and engaging narrative skills to weave a tale that young readers will not be able to resist. Jack's summer promises to be horribly boring- spent helping his singe mother around the house or watching his autistic little sister and keeping her out of trouble. When he trades a favor for some seeds, however, he finds that a whole new world opens up before him- but a world he might not be ready for. Mighty Jack introduces readers to a brave and curious trio who are sure to stumble across more adventures in the future- an eventuality that this reader will definitely welcome! Thank you to First Second Books and NetGalley for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
330	2	Certainly not a happy book, the bleakness is reminiscent of China Mieville in places, but the setting is fascinating and the plot and characters intriguing.
749	2	I want to say this book is the final book in the series but I'm not 100% sure. I'm just going to assume it is because everything was wrapped up pretty nicely. Not bad as far as endings go. I often find myself highly unsatisfied by the endings to trilogies in YA books and this one wasn't too bad. And I liked the series as a whole. Now it's time to Netflix the TV series, although I think it's going to be really different from the books!
907	1	Digging the cover. Might check this book out.
912	1	I loved it. But I think that's because I watched the movie a day before I read the book. Watching the movie beforehand helped me appreciate the novella. And Audrey Hepburn <3.
837	1	4 1/2 stars, what an emotional roller coaster of a book! Not what I expected! Full review to follow.
87	3	"Super nifty premise, sharp writing with dark and vivid imagery, a gut punch of an ending, and some moments where I said to myself ""I really wish this was longer."" A lot of creativity packed into a small package here. I'd love to read a full length novel rather than a novella from this author. Glad I read this."
652	3	Excellent political and emotional tale by Highsmith. The road trip turns this novel into a brilliant entry into 50s noir rivaling Lolita. Full confession: I wanted Carol to shoot the bastard! Creepy Richard stands in for much of society, with Harge the judge and jury, and that mousey little housemaid doing the Man's bidding. Fight the power!
428	1	Review to come
202	3	In The Blinds, a sheriff with dark secrets, a toy badge, and no credentials investigates a murder that shouldn't have been possible in a town that is full of suspects with no memory of who they were before they came to town. This terrific set-up leads to an intriguing mystery which gets wilder and more fast-paced with every unexpected development. With thanks to Ecco/HarperCollins, this ARC was obtained at BookExpo17 in exchange for an honest review.
844	1	Review to follow
543	1	Despite having a name that sounds like its a chic-book, this was a pretty sweet western novel. Thoroughly enjoyed it.
497	1	I found this quite a hard read. It's enjoyable, racing along with the usual flair of a Moist von Lipwig book. I'll come back with more of a review later. The Shepherd's Crown beckons.
435	1	I liked this book will have review up on blog and here in a few days. Just got back from holidays so catching up.
942	1	Probably one of the WORST books I have ever read...EVER.
277	2	Generic and dull diet Margaret Atwood. This book undermined its interesting premise with anemic and implausible world building, character development, and romance. Super fast read.
625	3	After a sample of three, I see a pattern: lone character in a strange setting, establish the setting for a couple chapters, then gradually introduce other characters and fill in the past that got them to the strange state. I enjoyed references to the first volume. This second book had more slow moments than the first of the series, but when it was good it was very good. I am not yet sure what to make of the God's Garden religion. Sometimes it seemed excessive, other times wise.
281	2	I have been meaning to read this for years but alas all Changeling offers is the deadly dull execution of a cool premise. I think what is most striking about this book is how incredibly generic every aspect of it feels. There is not one memorable scene or character or plot twist or turn of phrase. I was forgetting this book as I was reading it it was so uninvolving. I guarantee in a month I won't remember a word of this. What a snooze.
847	1	Fantastic book, couldn't put it down. Hot alpha male, great story and characters! One of the best books of 2012. Can't wait for Book 2.
900	1	2 stars because --
733	2	Really enjoyed this book! J.R.R. Tolkien is a really good story teller: his writing style is funny and doesn't bore you. I look forward to seeing the movie - it has a great cast and I already heard a lot of good things about it!
624	3	sometimes one needs a fluff read. But also need enough time to finish at the 'can't put down' stage. This one had too much prolonged history of Italy and Italian language detail in the beginning. Some was needed for setting and character development and to establish fear, but most felt like filler. Toward the second half it became a better read.
32	2	Another strong entry in the series. These books do a really good job of relaying historical information in a fun, user friendly way and the sisters are distinctive, interesting characters. Stewart has a charming voice as an author.
398	1	review to come
129	4	This book is just pure fun. From page one to the last I was totally riveted by all the political and interpersonal intrigue. Peggy is such a devious anti-hero, I loved reading about her. All the other characters, from the rest of the Shippen family to Benedict Arnold to the servants are great fun to read about as well. The plot is excellently paced and structured and the descriptions are detailed enough to provide great historical color but they never bog the story down. So happy I read this.
126	4	I thought Poison Study was fantastic and up to about half way, this book wasn't that bad but then everything changed - the characters were no longer the characters they were in the first book and had devolved rather than evolved. The premise of the first book was so good but it was almost as if the author couldn't decide what the book was to be about and the result is just a mess. Being a fan of fantasy fiction I'm happy to let a lot of things go but some if this just wasn't believable and then started to be a bit, well, cheesy. A real shame as it could have really worked. I'm going to read the next book as I'm interested to see where it is going.
341	2	9th&up, 3.5 stars (needed more Raffe) *Do not pick this novel up unless you've read Angelfall. World Afterdoes have a recap in the beginning, but if you haven't read book 1, it'll just sound absolutely insane. While I definitely felt the lack of Raffe through most of the book, the last third was enough to bring this 3 stars up to a 3.5. I'm absolutely on board for the closer volume.
441	1	review to follow
822	1	Epic finale! A must-read. Review to follow on release day.
766	2	Riveting! Even better than the movie or the Mad comics parody of the movie. It is a brilliant novelization of what surely must have a non-fiction, i.e., historical core. One can easily imagine wacky captains such as Captain Queeg, fading in and out of mono-mania, stern and petulant, crazed and bold.
80	3	What a sweet, cute, sexy romance! Smiling from the first page at the oh-too-familiar description of a decidedly ordinary woman hopefully waiting for romance and adventure to sweep her off her feet. And, oh my goodness, I was smitten with tall, dark and rough-hewn Ransom right away. This story was a blast, and I'm hopeful that I've found a new romance author to binge on.
881	1	Another awesome KA read! I just can't seem to get enough!! I wish the book was longer because I wanted more of Hop and Lanie.
956	1	I didn't like it as much as the other Percy Jackson/Heroes of Olympus books, but still it was an easy and enjoyable read.
153	3	Deeply engaging, and odd. I hate that I don't understand the book but I'm even more confused to how I can't hate it. In fact, it's odd that I enjoy it despite not being able to understand it. Something mysteriously unfortunate happened to the guy and until the very end, the mystery was not solved, and he remain unfortunate. Odd, but I like it. I think.
510	4	I was surprised at how much I liked this book because I don't usually gravitate towards science fiction. It wasn't perfect, but I did overall really enjoy it! I was pleasantly surprised in the fact that for a male writer, Yancey writes in the female perspective very well--and he writes some pretty kick ass female characters, so if you appreciate that as much as I do, check this book out. The only thing I didn't like about it was the fact that a lot of the characters were so emotionally detached. None of the feelings seemed genuine, and the characters barely mourned at all over the deaths of their loved ones. It was mostly about action--a lot of times in an in your face and blunt way--not so much about feelings.
830	1	Breathtaking!! Full review on May 28th.
945	1	Well, tried to re-read it and couldn't finish. Guess I'll have to try again later.
382	1	This is a very sweet and perceptive coming of age novel. I really enjoyed it and it gave me the warm and fuzzies in a major way.
430	1	review to come
869	1	Review to come soon...
464	1	This book felt like it was trying very hard to scare me by holding a flashlight under its chin and making spooky ghost noises. I never finished it; perhaps someday I'll give it another chance.
344	2	8th&up, 3.5 stars Seemingly typical teens with atypical powers band together to help one of their own when he finds himself in a life-threatening situation. Although in the beginning I struggled a bit to connect and root for the Zeroes, by the end I was fully involved. I look forward to reading more adventures from this motley group of heroes in training. This novel was obtained at BEA15, in exchange for an honest review
527	3	Devil's Game is thrilling, sexy and funny, and I absolutely devoured every yummy word. Oh, and I love Joanna's kick-ass heroine, Em! This is Book Three in the Reaper's MC Series, and has little bit different feel than the other books in the series. Devil's Game is about family, loyalty and yes, love, with all of the delicious sexy times that I love from Joanna's books. I fell in love with these characters and highly recommend Devil's Game!
765	2	Apologies to all the fans, but I felt like this book was shouting at me. Perhaps it was the fact that I was having to deal with a neighbor who was a member of an organized crime syndicate opposing the construction of my house, and I just needed something more comforting at the time.
462	1	** spoiler alert ** EVEN THE GODDAMNED LIONESS HAD A GODDAMNED RAPE BACKSTORY. WHAT THE FUCK, COMICS INDUSTRY.
737	2	One of the most beautiful, heartbreaking, thought-provoking books I have ever read hands down. Not much more I can say other than Syvia Plath is so important and she should be celebrated and honored for her voice and the mark she left on literature.
161	3	3.5 stars. This is a really fun read. It is definitely on the light and fluffy side so if you're expecting serious, heavy historical fiction you'll be disappointed but if you want to enjoy some Napoleonic France era spy hijinks, witty writing, vivid and spirited characters, and romance this book will hit the spot. This book is really quite silly at points but it has a lot of charm. It is like a big dumb puppy in book form. The chapters set in the present day are totally lame and unnecessary but they aren't a huge part of the story so they don't detract too much from the overall reading experience.
542	1	Numerous people in publishing have told me this will be the book of the year.
16	3	Rating: 3.5 This book had a lot of issues. The romance made no sense at all to me, most of the flashbacks were tedious and unnecessary, and the plot twist at the end was so predictable. Also, the fact that Yael, the seasoned fighter, trusted Luka and Felix so completely was unrealistic. Despite all of that, I really did enjoy the book and I thought it was a lot of fun. The first book to me was a lot better but the sequel is good too.
550	1	For some reason, this story did not hold my interest. Stopped at about 35% but will pick this one up again later. I usually devour KA books but I'm moving on.
633	3	This might be one of the first books that I have loved this much but was unable to read in one sitting. Or two sittings. It is lovely, dense in exactly the right ways, and deals with a lot of emotional situations in ways that are both unique and clever. Obviously, one of these situations is that of losing a friend emotionally and then actually, and how to resolve emotions of hatred and loss simultaneously. When I say it's dealt with uniquely, I mean that Vera is not somehow gifted with an emotional intelligence that would allow her to deal with this nimbly, and instead she simply dumb a**es through in a way that is relatable and cringe inducing. Full Review at: http://saltywordsandsemicolons.com/20...
776	2	A mid-level banker is put through a hellish trial in some bureaucratic attic. But his bosses get off scot-free. Of course, there were never any clear charges, and there is never an arrest. And then there is some dream, was it, about the guard of the door to the wonderful room, and he was afraid to go in--thought he couldn't get past the guard ... I am sorry, I am not expressing myself well here. What I want to say is that there are layers upon layers of meaning here, and plenty of food for thought.
506	3	Highly recommended if you are curious about Manic-depressive disease. A fascinating and even very well written insight from a woman who is both a Psychiatrist who treats it and suffers from it. She was very brave and very poetic in writing this book.
588	1	Please please please don't let there be typos in the finished book like there are in the Goodreads summary!
457	1	Meh. Didn't finish.
827	1	"""I bet he f**ks like he drives - a little reckless, pushing all the limits, and in it until the very last lap."" Driven absolutely blew me away! Full review at http://www.thebookbella.com/2013/07/1... DrivenK. Bromberg"
677	2	One of Kristen Ashley's best books ever. You will love Faye and Chace. Another phenomenal story and yet another fabulous alpha male! Have Kleenex ready near the end. Thanks Kristen!
308	2	This book is a lovely mash up vibe of H.P. Lovecraft cosmic horror and a 50's sci-fi movie. Really enjoy it and I'm really looking forward to read the other books in the trilogy!
850	1	Amazing book. A must-read.
427	1	I liked it but not as much as the men of honor series. Still was a good story and read though
263	2	Man did I love this book. Super creative, creepy, emotionally powerful, full of rich characters and awesome plot twists.
363	1	Awesome, yet I do not recognize much of it. Most of it is pretty obvious too, but love the writing style! :D
54	3	I guess I'l see how the story ends, even if the last book took away most of my interest in the characters. It seems the author is going for Mather wich I think is a terrible choice. And she seems to want to reunite Ventrulli's king with Ceridwen, wich basically means that the love message here is this: it doesn't matter if the boy you love is willing to let you marry someone else or marry and have 3 children with other woman. Neither does it matter that fact that he repeteadly decides not to fight for you. Or that he enters your bedroom at night drunk to treat you horribly. Because they will eventualy realize how much they love you!
156	3	I enjoyed this book well enough to read it in one sitting. Willig has a light, witty writing style that really keeps the pages turning but doesn't prevent her from exploring heavier emotional issues (grief, familial dysfunction and abandonment, aristocratic vices of all types, post-WWI trauma) with skill and insight. Consistently intriguing characters and an entertainingly twisty plot. I would highly recommend this.
781	2	I had early given it two stars because of the style of writing. Should have given it a three, because I did like it, and it deserves more for sheer originality--something that is hard to keep in mind after so much time has passed. But this is an ur-text.
799	1	On loan to Diana Sonn
420	1	Love this series. Full Review on last part or can be located here For more reviews, visit Live Read and Breathe Like us on Facebook Live Read and Breathe Facebook Follow along with Twitter Live Read and Breathe Twitter
839	1	Magnificent! Review to follow closer to release day.
924	1	I want to read this book, especially since I heard the second book is even better, but I just saw that Sarah J. Maas is turning this into a 6-book series instead of a trilogy and the last book is slated for release in 2020... I'm gonna wait a bit because I'm sure it'll be torture to wait.
523	3	So I really don't think you can go wrong with an Alexa Riley book. Thief was over-the-top steamy and sweet, and had lots of action, too! This is a wonderful escapist bit of erotica when you want a hot Alpha and a guaranteed HEA.
397	1	review to come
610	4	An amusing, entertaining book about one man's experience of failed middle class life, featuring a lot of weeping and epiphany on the part of the main character, and plenty of plot twists to keep it interesting. A nice summer or long train ride read (do you not ride trains where you live? You have my sympathy). The failure of the middle class life here is really about the failure of the U.S. economic system to maintain enough jobs to allow the dwindling American middle class to prosper, which it fails to notice when things seem good; the author gets in some licks on that account--a thoroughly enjoyable smack down of a few individuals symbolizing the group think, self-satisfaction, and collective delusion that started in the eighties, built up critical mass in the nineties, and after 2007 brought down the cloudburst of shit rain.
897	1	charlie is such a cutie.
754	2	It only gets better as the suspense builds in this terrific, mysterious tale of possible double-crossing and virtuousness that delivers the best emotional mix of good versus evil on both a meta- and micro- scale since the Allies versus the Axis in the Second World War.
539	3	This novel got to me on a blood sugar level, it echoes down your spine, you can feel it in your mitochondria. The writing is fresh, quick and hard. The pace is fast, and the pressure builds throughout. The movie was great, but there is a presence in the book that you do not get in the movie, and scenes in the book that are not in the movie. It hits you over the head and then it saves you. The one blot is the racist language, which I would like to believe is just a period character and not the author.
513	4	This book was everything I could have wanted from one of Anderson's books and more! It was written in incredibly captivating and melodic prose. There were lines and pages that made me stop and close the book and just sit in awe of how amazing her writing was. The plot and the concept of the story was as heartbreaking as Speak and Wintergirls, but as always Anderson's characters are strong, resilient, witty-- the kind of characters you root for. I definitely would recommend this book to any fan of realistic fiction!
882	1	ABSOLUTELY AMAZING IN A WAY ONLY KA CAN!! Full Review to come!
157	3	This was a quick, easy read that didn't excel in any way but also didn't have glaring problems. The premise, the plot, the characters, the prose were all good enough to justify the time spent reading. I was interested enough to keep turning the pages. This book was pretty simplistic in terms of plotting and characterizations. It also seemed generic and formulaic so while I enjoyed it well enough to read it in two sittings in less than 24 hours, I doubt it will stick in my mind long. All in all this is a pleasant but not particularly memorable way to kill a few hours, nothing more and nothing less.
559	2	I'm currently reading Clockwork Angel and I'm liking it it is very different from the Mortal Instruments and Clockwork Princess is almost coming so I better finish the first two books (probably might borrow the second book from my friend I am also borrowing the first book from another friend)
505	4	A hilarious and book from Tina Fey - definitely worth listening to over audio as she reads it herself. She makes fun of herself a lot, adds lots of light humor, and of course shares TMI. The most interesting bit was hearing the behind the scenes of Saturday Night Live, and how she was a joke writer there for 3 years before they gave her a role on the show, which was only doing the news. Her breakout occurred after she had already left for 30 Rock, when she did the Sarah Palin impersonation. Tina is clearly an example of someone who has worked long and hard to get where she is.
367	1	Didn't enjoy this as much as the first two but still very good.
784	2	God is truly in the details with the life and love that shimmers off the pages of your work of art. Rest In Peace, David.
706	2	3.5 stars. What I liked about this book particularly was the psychology and Kaysen's scenes with her fellow patients.
938	1	This was much better than the first one.
76	4	Kailey is living the perfect life, on the cusp of the perfect marriage to the perfect man, when she has a chance encounter with the one who got away- the love of her life who disappeared without a trace years ago and now crosses her path as a homeless man with no memory of her or what happened to him so long ago. Torn between the new path she has forged for herself and the memories that she could never quite let go of, Kailey decides that she must help Cade before she can truly move on. Jio's latest is a solid tale that touches upon the serious issues of homelessness and the ever changing nature of relationships, and adds a bit of mystery and romance as well. Fans of the author will be satisfied, though newcomers would be better served by picking up one of her stronger works such as Goodnight June or Blackberry Winter. Thanks to Netgalley and Random House Publishing Group/Ballantine Books for allowing me early access to this novel, in exchange for an honest review.
716	2	I'm pretty sure anyone who has/will ever read this book will want to take it and slap some sense into Lena with it. Multiple times. The book was kind of slow-paced for me but Ridley/Link(totes adorbs) and some Liv moments almost made up for it.
648	3	I have not done a lot of dabbling in the Sci-Fi space, and here I am jumping right into Sci-Fi from a different culture and political system from the get go. This tale is a lot of fun, with alien history, random murders, physics, global regime changes, nano-technology and the Chinese Cultural Revolution to boot! The evil environmentalists are interfering in pure science which is humanity's only chance to.... SPOILER ALERT. Some pretty well drawn characters and some serious writing and the science is all good.
628	3	3.5 stars. In my opinion, not as good as the first one. While it was a really quick read, nothing really happened. This book adds alternating povs, switching between Ky and Cassia each chapter but frankly, you definitely would not be able to differentiate between them unless you read the name at the beginning of the chapters. Ky doesn't have a distinct voice and sounds EXACTLY the same as Cassia. So there's that...plus, I really wanted to strangle some characters in this book.
676	2	Kristen Ashley on steroids. Good story but lots of typos and errors.
249	2	Although I loved all the Fuentes brothers stories, this one is probably my favorite. Alex and Brittany are realistic and well-rendered. Love the dual viewpoint. It hits all the right notes.
20	2	Full review will come later. Quick one: I absolutely love all the characters. Personal favourites would be Orma. The story has a nice pacing to it - a little too much description of the surrouning with bland narration, so that part's a minus, but still good :) A book I would recommend to my future teenage kid. Or at least when my nephew and niece grows up ^^
969	1	This was the perfect ending to an amazing series. Not much else I can say but that.
250	2	I didn't finish this but I am shocked it has such crazy good reviews. What I read was so bad. Cheesy, implausible, and with all the depth and emotional heft of a napkin. I don't get the hype at all.
94	2	** spoiler alert ** This book had a much more believable ending on the plot than the first book -- nearly no strange coincidences required! And I like the supernatural twists on the steampunkery, like the explanations for why telegraph isn't feasible and dirigible is. The emotional resonances are still a little weird with Our Heroes talking a big line about how much they argue by yelling and sex when in fact they actually argue by avoidance and secret-keeping, and the ending with regards to that is -- well, painful. Also, I suppose it's nice that only one of the evil lesbians was killed off, but I wish that the protagonist's-eye-view of them had been less faux-coy.
103	1	If you were to take three of the funniest people you've ever met and stick them together in a room for an hour & just sit back and witness the conversation...it still wouldn't be as funny as this book! Hands down, the most entertaining & funniest book I have EVER read. I totally saw myself in each of these characters. Loved.Loved.Loved. I should probably add, if you have a sensitive bladder, wear depends when you read this. I'm not joking.
342	2	9th&up The Scooby gang is back and better than ever as they strive to save their world from the evil machinations of their nemesis, Sebastian Morgenstern. Loose ends are neatly tied up (with the exceptions of the threads that lead to the many companion series), and most of our Shadowhunter friends get their happily ever after. What a great way to wrap up the series!
251	2	"3.5 stars. For the reader who is able to accept a clever yet far fetched premise and historical romance that's pretty light on history this is charming and sweet and funny. I enjoyed it. Good fluff reading. Yay lobsters. I would have enjoyed reading even more ""courtship"" letters because they were great."
915	1	Hmm...Tilt, then Triangle and now maybe Tangled?
565	3	It was an easy, quick read. Heard some good things about it so I'd thought I'd check it out. Was pretty disappointed after I read the book. It isn't all that great and there were many times where I just wanted to strangle the main character for being so slow and dumb and unable to comprehend the events that were clearly happening right in front of her. I didn't understand where the book was going with the romance, one moment one guy would be just friends with her and then all of sudden, he suddenly decides that he is in love with her. Overall, just like my rating shows, the book was o.k.
191	3	This is not - by far - a bad book. Ernest has his own style and this book is fluid, dynamic and I quite like it. But my rant can't be higher then 2.5 stars because was a quite forgettable reading and didn't impress me. Have some great passages and It was funny sometimes, but I don't think this is my kind of book.
671	2	Get ready to be enthralled by the next part of Nila and Jet's story! There are scenes of intense passion, heartbreaking deceit, frightening and truly evil characters, and heart-stopping action. There's almost a historical vibe to this book, but it is most definitely a contemporary, sexy and very erotic story. I am literally on pins and needles waiting for the next installment. I need more Jethro!
42	3	A totally satisfying ending in keeping with the stellar quality of the first two volumes. The new characters/mythology are great, the arcs from the previous books are handled well, the writing continues to be witty and poignant. I am so glad I read this series!
817	1	4.5 stars!! Review to follow on release day.
683	2	The plot a page turner. The maids reflect the Mammy stereotype. I would like to see the story written by one of the maids. I recommend Maid in the USA by Mary Romano as a corrective. It is an ethnography about real live maids along with research about labor law and how it hasn't been applied to housemaids. The dialect was a sad imitation of Black Vernacular English.
862	1	"What an ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL STORY!!!! I have not yet fully recovered my SOB FEST therefore I am not able to give a full review at this time. But I will leave you with one very important suggestion before you pick up this book (which you definitely should) and that is GET TISSUES my friend, you will need it!! "" Jules, Will you Marry me...Someday?"" FUll review Coming Soon..."
668	2	Contains major spoilers so only read this after you have completed the Indebted Series!! The Epilogue is filled with TONS of goodies and yummy scenes. Very creative ending to one of my favorites series. Enjoy!
92	3	"This book has some potential but the plot and characters felt very under developed. You never really get into the mind of the killer to understand his motives aside from wanting to ""play the game"" with Grant. I couldn't relate or find myself connecting to the H/h much either. Maybe if the book was longer it could explore the depths of these characters."
458	1	Stop rushing the ending. Slow down. Slow down! But otherwise, yay!
91	3	Conceptually interesting but the execution was pretty flawed. This was a character study with underdeveloped characters. This book introduced a lot of interesting ideas and then dealt with them in a shallow fashion. As the book continued it became increasingly tedious and anti-climactic. The writing style was overly elliptical. This book kept teasing me with the potential of goodness and then not delivering.
791	2	Listened to audiobook. The narrator's voice was not a good match, for me, for this type of book. Great plotting. Renee Ballard is a complex and intriguing character.
615	3	After seeing the movie (i liked it), and needing a fun read for a vacation, this was perfect. Like Jacques, I loved the explanation of Baccarat. My mental image of Vesper Lynd in the book is much prettier than the actress from the movie. Fleming's Bond is much more of a connoisseur than the movie Bond, and he takes great care in describing all the details of the things he enjoys - particularly his cigarettes, his food, his wine, and his car.
369	1	George R R Martin writes children's stories in comparison to this.
252	2	This is the ninth Sanderson book I've sat down to read and the first that I didn't like. I read half of it and just couldn't get into it at all. I found it so dull. After enjoying the first two volumes so much I was shocked by how much this one didn't work for me. I'm just going to google spoilers to see how everything turns out.
203	3	When a group of strangers are invited to a remote island in order to interview for an elite intelligence position, readers learn that no one can be trusted and nothing is as it seems. Deliciously dark and disturbing, this intriguing story possesses an Agatha Christie style plot written through the voice of George Orwell, with surprises through to the last sentence. Though short in pages, the story will linger long in your mind. Thank you to Penguin for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
314	2	Suspenseful, gripping, and absolutely stunning read.
710	2	This book started off great. Then, it went down the drain and I just wanted someone to stake all the characters because they were so DAMN annoying. This review sums it up best: http://www.goodreads.com/review/show/...
961	1	Unfortunately, I haven't gotten to read (all) of this book yet. But if it's not even out yet and pissing off white supremacists, you know it's going to be amazing. Get your preorders in now.
187	3	I'm no stranger to shallow, frivolous fiction, but you need to draw a line somewhere and My Lady Jane is it for me. Go read The Nine Days Queen by Karleen Bradford instead. It's a much better version of Lady Jane's story, likely because it's closer to history. I totally get that this is very much a fantasy that is very lightly inspired by history and heavily inspired by the Princess Bride, but it's lacks the charm of The Princess Bride and instead comes off, to me, as trite, annoyingly derivative and very forced in terms of trying to be humorous.
265	2	3.5 stars. This is my favorite book of the three so far. I was very intrigued by the Crippled God and the mythology introduced in this volume. As was the case in book two, the incredibly large ensemble cast has some vivid and interesting characters and many totally generic soldiers.
364	1	One of the best books I've read.
875	1	AWESOME READ!!! Full Review to come....
585	1	** spoiler alert ** Paranormal. 3 different modes of death. Character dead.
220	3	Singh is diabolical! She starts Noah out with such a dark mark against him, and yet she makes him impossible to resist. Oh, the feels! I was so happy to follow along on Kit & Noah's journey. Their HEA was hard earned and well-deserved- a bumpy, realistic, imperfect road that allowed their relationship to authentically grow and evolve. I am so addicted to this series!
256	2	This book had a strong start but despite the darkness of the material, which should have moved me, I found it pretty boring once Grace leaves the asylum. I can't really put my finger on why I was underwhelmed but I was. I think the book felt generic more than anything else after the first act.
114	2	The fourth entry in the Mortal Instruments series is actually quite a somber volume. Relationships fracture, there are personal missteps, the debate between nature and nurture torments characters, loyalty tug-of-wars ensue, and more. At times almost harshly realistic, I'm finding this series more layered and interesting than I even expected- and that crazy cliffhanger ending? Phew!
466	1	The art is utterly gorgeous. The story is not.
324	2	I liked this book in many ways, but I must admit I'm also a little confused by it. I'm not exactly sure what happened, how it happened, or why it had to happen that way. My favorite sections were with Mary in the land of the mulefa. I'd love to read a whole book about them!
65	2	This story is adorable. I wish there were half stars bc I would give it a 4.5. I definitely recommend it to anyone who loves Rockstar books. If you're looking for your next book boyfriend- Jake is seriously HOT! I loved the relationship between the main characters. Read it, you'll love it!
998	1	4.5 stars Note: Hardback edition read. 359 pages.
408	1	3.5 Stars Review to come
320	2	LOVED this story! I cannot wait for book two. I guessed the twist, I hate when I do that, but I loved it so much anyway. Cash and Nash are definitely book boyfriend material. I also loved Olivia, a female character who was not dumb but not pushy-she was perfect.
400	1	review to come
993	1	Listened to audiobook.
327	2	I've read all of the Laundry books more than once and I'm going to have to do so again with this one, but this time to see if I can up my score. It's a good Laundry story but it felt too long overall while still rushed in parts. There was a couple of big gaps in my reading of this (damn you work!) which might have influenced my experience. I actually came away from this sympathising with almost everyone but Mo, I'm not sure that was the intent.
704	2	I can't believe this is suppose to be a children's book...it was creepy as hell and I honestly don't know how I feel about it. The book was weird and the ending sucked, but it wasn't bad and it was interesting. Honestly, the book feels incomplete but apparently there's a sequel that the author wrote like 10 years later so. Basically this is a dystopian novel that's hella weird yet it sucks you in but then feels incomplete and unfinished at the end.
10	4	"I enjoyed this story much more than I anticipated. I'd been avoiding reading it since it came out because I thought the premise sounded a bit hokey, even for Sophie Kinsella. After reading the horrible excuse for a book that ""Wedding Night"" is though, I figured Twenties Girl couldn't possibly be any worse, but was very pleasantly surprised! Lara and Sadie played really well off each other and the relationship they developed felt real. Many times in Kinsella's novels, it feel like the romantic comes off as the the most important aspect in the end, but the relationship between Lara and Sadie really took centre stage, I thought. I really enjoyed Twenties Girl and only wish I'd given it a chance sooner."
27	2	"I'd had this series on my Kindle for ages and as it was the oldest unread ""book"" I started it and was intrigued with the idea of a serial, although technically for me it was an anthology as I had all 6 parts of the first season which I think I'd got for free. I liked it. Yes, it could have been more technical and probably could have had more character development but it was one of a few ""books"" I've read that has gone straight into a story and from action to action without me feeling it was crap or badly edited. I'm genuinely freaked out by what is going on - not just the sci-fi element but some of the characters themselves that prove themselves to be pretty shit members of the human race. At some point I'd like to follow the series to its conclusion - I'm not saying I'm rushing to buy the next series straight away, but it is an option once I've read all the other old books on my Kindle!"
815	1	4.5 stars!! Delicious M/M contemporary romance with absolutely fantastic, VERY Alpha protagonists. Review to follow shortly.
966	1	This book was GORGEOUS
212	3	9th&up After witnessing her boyfriend's murder, Frankie Devereux fell apart. She went so far off the rails that she was kicked out of her elite high school and sent away from her mother's upper class neighborhood to live with her father in a run-down town on the wrong side of the tracks. When she starts public school with a collection of rough and street wise teens, she finds new friends and a new romance that might be just what she needs to see her through the unresolved trauma of the past- but nothing worthwhile is ever easy, and doing the right thing might cost Frankie the new life she's just beginning to enjoy. With plenty of suspense and angst-ridden teen love, young adult readers will find themselves racing to the end. Thank you to Macmillan Children's Publishing Group, and NetGalley for providing this ARC in exchange for an honest review.
933	1	Not worth anywhere near $2. I say it should've been free. Anyways, I adore Ridley and Link and I may ship them more than Ethan and Lena now...
322	2	I won this book in a Goodreads giveaway, and I found it to be a good example of its genre. It isn't terribly deep, but it's well-written. I learned a lot about the fishermen who live outside of Venice and about the Republic of Salo. All told, it was a nice read.
488	1	This book should come with a warning label. Twisted good.
841	1	Stunning book. Very emotional. Full review to follow. Be prepared to stay up until 4am reading!
699	2	DNF. I got about half way before I lost interest in this book. I really enjoyed the writing, and the beginning was most enjoyable imo. This had some pretty outrageous moments but I believe that's part of its charm. Maybe one day I'll pick it back up and finish it but I am way too behind in my reading challenge to try and force myself to finish a book I'm not interested in anymore.
792	2	An unoriginal story line, poorly written with a predictable outcome. Switching back and forth in time every few pages, at the beginning of the novel and again at the end, were also annoying to me. One more of the far-too-many-already crime novels based on violence against women.
555	3	I must say that so far I loved all of Kriten's books but I REALLY Enjoyed reading the story of Chase & Faye!! It was the perfect ending for Chace. I loved watching Faye and Chace's relationship blossom and become what they both dreamed it would. It was very cute that they both had been in love with each other for years and they finally got what they wanted. I would definitely recommend this book, once I started reading it I could barely put it down... so it's THAT good!
621	3	"Wonderful story that tackles a very emotional subject with great sensitivity and grace. There is no ""one size fits all"" when it comes to recovering from a traumatic assault. Loved Ryan and can't wait for his story."
445	1	Review to come soon
105	2	I'd heard that this book was a mystery story that transcends the genre, but when I started to read it, I found that hard to believe. Yet slowly, the story of Maisie Dobbs, lady detective and former WWI nurse, began to work on me. There is a depth of emotion and understanding here that one doesn't usually find in a detective novel. I'm anxious to read another Maisie Dobbs story in the near future.
976	1	Think hard.
247	2	My FAVE of the series. BY FAR! Not only do we watch Jamie and Claire reconnect, we get to see Brianna and Roger fall in love...and out of it..and in again.
950	1	3.5 stars. The ending kind of reminded me of Lord of the Flies...
734	2	Excellent plot, shit writing. Geore R. R. Martin's metaphors are factually painful and he's so damned pleased with every outfit he's ever created he just can't WAIT to tell you all about it (in detail, frequently, and at inappropriate moments). Also, strangely obsessed with the breasts of a thirteen year old girl.
118	2	That book is cute or what? It's not the clever book ever writen, but the plot is enganging, it's cute, it's geeky and I like very much indeed. It's more a 4,5 than an actually 5, but since I read in almost one sit, I'm giving a 5!
165	3	"The five loosely interconnected vignettes gathered here vary so wildly in quality it is hard to rate the book as a whole. This book chronicles four relationships at different stages of their development (from a quick affair to a forty year marriage), and through at least some of them hits on some pretty interesting points about how couples manage the joys and stresses of married life. These relationship narratives are framed by the sorry of Frances Gerety, the advertiser who coined the slogan ""Diamonds are Forever"". Here is how I would rank the sections in terms of quality, from best to worst: Evelyn/1972, James/1987, Frances 1947-88, Kate/2012, Delphine/2003. The best plot lines are really well developed, but the two weakest plots are tedious (Kate) and eye gougingly annoying (Delphine)."
762	2	Starts out strong and powerful and going nowhere but then stretches into an interesting background on the main character's relationship with his father. Loved the car, the girlfriends, the excellent bit of writing on a tennis match. The main character has a wonderful line about life and trains, which I will not ruin for you.
245	2	The intrigue here was spectacular. Claire and Jamie struggle to keep their piece of NorthCarolina war free, but internal battle lands in their doorway.
959	1	I have the Dutch and English book now :) really liked it
630	3	I liked it. I especially liked the beginning, the sarcastic, humorous tone of the book, and the action. It got kind of slow in the beginning/middle and the romance was sweet but  kind of sickly because, you know, it was basically necrophilia  . What I didn't like was how the beginning high school stuff was cliche, the assumption that all a guy has to do is ignore a girl to get her to fall for you, and the idea of a stereotypical white, blonde prom queen (although I actually liked the character). Also I don't know how to feel about the ending. But, there's a sequel so.
609	4	A quirky little (i.e., quickly read) novel, a sort of Twilight Zone of a situation, in which you can predict the direction fairly clearly, but it is creepy nonetheless. The direction of the story is much like The Lottery, a sort of community of oppression, but also fairly worn. The cousin, the interloper, is a practical business type, who can't stand quirkiness, who will not stand for oddity, and his appearance spells trouble. You sort of end up rooting for the person who seems like the source of the problem, but who is also somehow strangely innocent, as against the practical outsider, the snake who enters the garden and ruins everything.
824	1	Hot and sexy! Review to follow on blog tour.
803	1	If steve recommends it, it must be good!
