560	1	My dad socked my brother but I don't know how to respond or tell my mom what happened … [SEP] Today my mom was coming back from a trip and we wanted to clean the house before she came back. My dad offhandedly told us to start cleaning the house at 4 PM and said that he would do the same. My brother, being the diligent person he is, started tidying up his room and much of the second floor when the time came. I almost forgot about the time but started half an hour later and vacuumed and wiped down the first floor of our house.   When my dad came downstairs at 5, he just started questioning what we were doing, as if he didn't just break his own promise that he would help us clean. He was shouting at us about the one area we were standing in and pointed out the cable cords and pencils that we left behind. My brother got really mad because he was the only one out of all of us that actually did his part on time. He started clenching his fists and telling him to leave. I kept asking my dad why he was so mad at us, mad at the messiness of this one area in our house, and why he came down so late. He made some bs excuse and blamed it on Daylight Saving Time, yet he was the first one to tell me to change the time this morning.   After bickering back and forth, he wanted to know the answers to two questions: whether we could responsibly carry out the task on hand, and how long it would take. This felt like such an arrogant thing to ask because we did our part before he came downstairs, and my brother then hollered at him that he didn't know how long it would take to finish cleaning and said he would rather see him leave. My dad then turned his attention from me to him, and they hollered so loudly at each other that I thought that our neighbors would suspect something suspicious taking place. Then my dad lunged at him, but my brother made him fall on the ground in self-defense, knocking my dad down in surprise. I don't think he really punched him, he just shoved him onto the ground. He then stood up and started sucker punching him on the face, breaking his glasses, and making him bleed from his nose. I started screaming so loud then. I felt like the muscles in my legs just went slack and I kneeled on the ground and screamed at him to stop. My brother stumbled away, and as if it were a scene in a movie, he just fell face forward onto the ground. I screamed so loudly and I cried like I was going to quench this inferno of a mess with my tears. I felt so dizzy. I didn't want my brother to bleed to death. I didn't believe my dad just punched my brother in the face.    I scrambled away into the kitchen to find rags for his nose and face after crying and hollering for such a long time. He was slumped onto the ground and my dad went to him, calling his name and trying to make him stay awake. I wet rags for his nose, and got him water, pillows, a blanket and even Tylenol, but I knew that they would barely help because he was not even conscious at that time. He then stirred and my dad started shouting at him to stay awake. My brother tried to throw up, but nothing came from his mouth except blood and spit. I screamed at him to stop bothering my brother and his response was that he would have neural damage if he wouldn't stay awake. I don't know if this was true or not, but at that time the only thing that I wanted him to do was to call someone, even anyone, and stay away from my brother.   I kept wailing and screaming like a banshee and slumped around but I knew that I should at least call my mom about what happened. I didn't even bother to use a phone, and called her on my laptop and slobbered out that my brother was bleeding because he hit something. I knew that I couldn't tell my mom the straight truth then because the last thing that I wanted was a fight between my parents on top of my brother almost bleeding to death. I kept asking her how to get to the ER. My dad tried to drag him to the car around this time, but he couldn't move him. Then I called 911 with my dad's phone this time, told them our address and said that my brother hit his head on the table.   This suddenly made me panic because I knew that the responders would be checking the area around the incident, so I smeared some blood on the walls and the table (which sounds really gross, I'm sorry), and hoped that they would believe the story. I didn't want the police or any of the social workers intervene just yet. As stupid as this sounds, I didn't want anyone to arrest my dad or take him to court because I didn't want   After I called, my brother was sitting upright and started screaming that he hated me and threw his arms around because I called 911. He had traumatic experiences going to the hospital before and hates the IVs, so I felt so bad for him I wanted to sink onto the floor again.   Yet they came. The responders first clipped something on his finger, asked him, my dad, and me a couple of questions about what happened, his DOB,  any medications that he takes, but afterwards mostly asked my brother things like, "What day and month is it? Can we see your ears to see if there's any bleeding there? Is this normal to you?" And so on and so forth. I think they believed it, but at the last moment one of them asked me to step outside with him for a moment. When I did, he told me that I should tell him if anything happened between us because the stains on the wall were odd. I nodded and said that nothing unusual happened, yet I wanted to break my thumbs off from telling this to him.   I'm really weak-willed. I don't think I can hate someone personally for a long time, especially my dad, yet seeing what he did to my brother makes me feel all sorts of conflicting hatred, confusion, and sorrow. While I'm sort of grateful that he actually recovered his senses and tried to at least to do something to help my brother, I feel more repulsive towards his sick response to something as trivial as not being able to hold back his temper because my brother yelled at him.  I don't know whether to tell my mom the truth either, because I don't want them to scream at each other and my dad to repeat the violence that he showed against my brother. I'm really confused and tired and some desperately childish part of me hopes that someone will deliver the right kind of punishment for my dad without tearing our family apart. I'm sorry for writing so much and thank you for taking the time to read this.   ***TL;DR*****:** My dad got mad at my brother and started arguing with him because he didn't believe that he would responsibly clean the house and started punching him. I called 911 and my mom, but I didn't tell them the whole story.
805	1	When you are young 20$ is enough. When you are old 200$ is not enough. [SEP]
138	2	I miss life [SEP] Somehow my life is getting worse every day. I don't really have anyone to talk to. Something is missing in life, and that is life.
840	1	It makes more sense for the strongest superhero to be super skinny rather than look like a Hollywood hunk [SEP]
750	1	Sometime in the future, people could have their honeymoon on the moon. [SEP]
378	1	I want to have sex now [SEP] I am a male and I just turned 18 and I just want to feel want sex feel but I am interested in cyber sex too. Hopefully I can have sex
418	1	I’m not over my ‘ex’. [SEP] I’m not over you.  It’s been 13 months since we first met.   We didn’t make it official, but we were a unit. We were both hurt and scared and we fucked it up. You first, then me, then me me and me again.   I have an intense pain chest I haven’t felt in a while right now.   It’s been a year and I can’t stop thinking “what if”.   What if you didn’t lie to me initially, “by omission”. What if I took it better. What if I didn’t spitefully tell you you should go and fuck the other girl.   Now I know you were just scared to get attached, because you were leaving the country soon. So you scared me off.   Now I know you stopped seeing her once you met me.  What if I accepted it when you said you hadn’t actually seen anyone since you met me, instead of saying that’s not an excuse for lying.   What if I agreed to meet and talk it out at the time.   I didn’t really have strong feelings back then.  But what if.  What if the next time we met l said I’d try, when you explained why you can’t commit. “You wouldn’t follow me to UK” you said.   I would have.   What if you worded that as a question, G, and not a statement. I swear, I would have.   I was scared that you didn’t actually want me to.   Were you scared I didn’t actually want you?  Remember how you looked around and told me I could have literally anyone in this bar if I wanted to, asking why would I ever want you. I don’t think you believed I wanted you.   What if I just never left the next time we hooked up. And the time after that.   We met up two times after that fight and both times you’d ask I stay another night and then another. And we’d spend days together.   I didn’t want to go and you didn’t want me to, but I was scared you’d leave me.   Were you scared you’d have to leave me soon?   But what if you never met her.   What if I never hooked up with your friend.   You thought we were dating. I thought you never really cared for me.  What if that time you stayed over after everyone left - I kissed you.   You moved seats two times to be right next to me. You wanted something, but you couldn’t make the first move, could you? Did you think I was dating him?   Remember how I joked that my cat was polyamorous, trying to be snarky about our past fights.   You told me that maybe he was just taking into consideration my feelings and you looked at me expectingly.   I knew you were hinting at something, but I had smoked a lot and I didn’t get it. I still don’t.   I told you I needed someone to want me 120% and looked at you expectingly. I don’t think you got it.   But what if.   What if I didn’t wait until you fell asleep to go to bed next to you.  You were drunk and I thought you were dating her. I should have known you’re not a cheater. But I was hurt.   You are dating her now though. Because she said she’d come with you. It was dumb, so dumb, of her to believe she’d have gotten the visa. But that was enough for you. You wanted her to try. You wanted me to just try too, didn’t you?   You left 5 months ago.  The way you looked at me when you were here. The way you looked at me when you visited on new years.   The way you looked at me.   The way you’d try to be close to me.  Did you want me or was I delusional?  I wanted you so badly. But I would never be her. I would never wait for you to figure it out and I would never beg for you to be mine only. I laughed at you two with my friend, because you were openly seeing someone else as well as her, and I told myself that it could have been me and I dodged a bullet.   But I was never her, was I?   You were mine when we were together. Was it temporary or did I cause whatever you did with her?   Was I obsessed? You were the first person I felt something with in bed. I know it’s mostly due to therapy, but why haven’t I felt anything since?   Did you love me? Do you still have feelings for me? Do you think of me still?   I know you’re terrified to be alone. You’re all alone in another country. You were all alone in a completely different country before we met. Was she just the one who stayed through it all? Through you claiming you could only do open relationships? Or is this real? Are you in this LDR just because it’s comfortable?   I can’t imagine you loving her. All your friends can’t stand her. I feel like you’d like the same type of people. But I might just be spiteful.   I have so many questions I can’t ask, because I could never get in-between you and her. I just wish you’d have answered them. I hope you’re happy. I feel like you’re not, but I hope you’re happy. I’m gonna get there too, eventually.
426	1	Husband Steals My Medication [SEP] Pretty much the title. I’m prescribed medicine for my ADHD. I’m supposed to take 2 pills a day but I only take 1.5, so I would throw my husband some on the weekends sometimes to help with chores. However I noticed them starting to go missing, to the point where I was unable to even take my dosage. I tried hiding the medicine but my husband would always find it and steal. I confronted him and he admitted it and got me a lock box to keep them in and for a while it seemed to work fine (although it was kind of annoying to have to open a combo lock just to take my medication). I noticed today that there are pills missing again, to the point where I can’t even take my minimal dose this week (and I have an extra busy week). My husband admitted that he took the hinge off the lockbox to steal because he was “behind at work”.  As wonderful as this is, I feel it’s not normal to steal from your spouse. It makes me feel like he doesn’t respect me and makes him untrustworthy. Am I wrong for feeling this way? I feel guilty because in a lot of other ways he is an amazing husband and I know he loves me. Thanks for listening.
780	1	The Coast Guard does more drug enforcement than the actual DEA [SEP]
764	1	The only people who are definitely not concealing a weapon on them are nudists. [SEP]
802	1	when you really think about it, ground types are only strong against electric due to a pun. [SEP]
530	1	A man just bought me cigarettes, my husband says I’m lying. [SEP] I know they are bad for you and I have mostly quit recently but my husbands sister little died right after the start of covid and every so often the stress and sorrow gets to him. I saw his eyes watering up during that “you should be here” country song that I don’t know who it’s by on the way up to my sisters house today for the kids birthday party and I decided to grab a pack when I went into a gas station to pre on the way home (they live out of state) I got in line and the guy ahead of me bought my pack without me barely knowing what was happening.   I’m much fatter than I’m comfortable with and was wearing yoga pants and a Mario t-shirt so definitely not my best. Hell I’m not even wearing a bra. It super made my day, week, probably month. I got out to the car to tell my husband and he told me I was lying. He said he could check all the accounts and see which one I paid for it on. Wtf. Am I so in attractive after growing and birthing our child and breastfeeding her for the last 2 and a half years that it’s impossible someone might buy something for me!? I just don’t even know what to think about this.
390	1	Most of yalls car seat stink. [SEP] All that booty juice that collects over time will do this
270	1	Should I quit my job? [SEP] Just needed to rant and maybe get some advice. New here. 👋   So I work as store manager at GNC currently. I started as a part timer making minimum wage and commission, now to $12 hour. Here’s what has happened. GNC filed for bankruptcy and is having issues financially. They dropped to commission program, and now introduced a “sales incentive” where you have to make a certain $ amount to get a $500 bonus plus 5 percent of every dollar over your goal. My store is in a mall with hardly any other stores, so reaching goal is near impossible (having 2-5 customers a day on average), sales no higher than $500.  As you can see, it’s a slow job. I originally got this job because I can make my own schedule, leave when I want to, I am passionate about supplements and health, etc. only thing is the pay, an asshole if a DM, shitty part time employees (they get paid minimum wage that’s it)  I’ve previously worked at many other supplement shops, health food stores, etc. I am just on the fence about leaving this job. Something keeps holding me back. Maybe it’s because I can make my own schedule whenever I want to, maybe it’s all the free product you can get, maybe it’s all the time you get to chill, etc. but the pressure of trying to reach sales goals is too much. Because it’s impossible, when you have less than 4 customers on a Friday.   And now, they are introducing SFS (ship from store) where they pressure you to accept and ship orders as fast as you can. If you don’t get enough you get called out on a conference call. Not to include being ridiculed if one thing is out of place.   Anyways. Here’s the real question.  Would you stay at a job that you don’t particularly like that much but you do get 40 hours for sure, approx 900 every two weeks, get to make your schedule, and work alone so you can do whatever the hell you want? Downside you are always getting bitched at by your District manager?   Any input is appreciated. Thanks for reading, much love.
200	1	Please tell me, how have you already been "disruptive" in your personal life and how has it changed your life? [SEP] "To be disruptive means to prevent something from continuing or operating in a normal way."  Which decisions of your life were disruptive and do you regret them?
522	1	I deleted social media weeks ago but I'm struggling. [SEP] I just don't know if I should get it back. I was in a very bad cycle of constantly checking it but I'm also feeling really disconnected.
931	3	People who think video games and movies are turning kids into violent criminals have it completely backward; we are violent by nature but culture and community suppress our urges, and we need violent art, stories, histories, games, etc. to keep us level [SEP]
882	1	Two of Julie Andrews’ most iconic roles were singing nannies. [SEP]
483	2	I'm so fucking scared of my future [SEP] I know that I am only 17 and has a long way to go but as months passed, my college entrance exam's day is coming closer and closer and I haven't even registered even a quarter of what I should study in my stupid brain. The fact that I don't even have my own room to study the way I wanted to like pretending as if I was teaching those lessons to someone, memorizing loudly is fucking annoying. I am so ungrateful and jealous of others that I really really hate myself. If only I am not scared of dying, I would gladly do it to end this suffering. On top of that, there was a recommended video on Youtube of an ex-trainee who was interviewed, almost becoming a BTS member but was kicked out of the group and his mother collapsed that same day due to stress. I don't even like or listen to BTS but how was it recommended to me? It is like a sign telling me that I should not even try because I wouldn't reach there anyways. I feel so dumb and stupid that this post is so poorly written when I should be good at writing essays or whatever by now. I got these really bad panic attacks seeing all of these videos and stories from others because what if the same thing would happen to me? That even though I did my best and embraced the opportunities given to me, it wouldn't still be enough? The worst part, my mom is so supportive of everything and is willing to sacrifice anything because she really believes that I could do it but how should I tell her that her only daughter doesn't feel the same? I feel so fucking bad telling her that having my own room is the only way I would be able to study and do everything I want for my future because not only will I have privacy and organize things and my environment the way I wanted to, but I can also set up my own schedule without waking them up and probably even work out or other hobbies. And I know that it wouldn't happen anyways because we barely have any money to pay off tuition fees but i just couldn't help it. I really want to make a change in this cruel world but my mind and body keeps on betraying me. I'm sorry...
769	1	A camgirl will want to get more famous to earn more money, but probably doesn't want to get too famous in fear of getting recognized by someone she knows. [SEP]
421	1	My brother got arrested and I don't know what I should be feeling [SEP] He got arrested for breaking my mother's intervention order against him. And I'm heartbroken because I couldn't see any other way out either. But I also don't want this for him. I want him to live a full and happy life. I am almost relieved, and yet terrified for his future.    I love him. He was my best friend. He would listen to me to talk about all the stupid shit I wanted to talk about. He would buy me a chocolate bar on his way home from school and make me laugh with his silliness. When I had no friends because I was too anxious and socially inept to put myself out there, he was always there. He was (and somewhere still is I hope) kind, smart and funny.    But he's also to be honest always had his problems. He's very sensitive, and I think because of that he took a lot of pride in his physical toughness in an attempt to make up for that insecurity. He was always bragging about how much bigger and stronger he was then all the other boys when he was a kid (he was a year older then them, so I always secretly felt that was an unfair measurement and its only now I think maybe I should have nipped that in the bud then).   He's obsessive, terrified of any sort of change and has problems understanding how to deal with his anger. He's punched more than one hole in the wall as a kid.   Its become apparent to be honest he's likely autistic. My mother always called him "autistically traited"-as a kid he refused to eat anyting other than chicken nuggest and she had to slowly wean him into other things. Because he's so smart, and on the surface appears very socially aware (I used to be jealous of him even-he seemed better at the time at that stuff) people aren't really aware of his other tendencies. When we moved from our old home to our new much smaller home, he was putting back in stuff of mine that I explicitly felt okay to leave (not enough space), because he couldn't cope with leaving it behind.  I can't help but think my mother was wrong not to take him to get diagnosed. (She was scared of the mental health system because of how it had treated her. But even just knowing his foibles and strengths would be better for him I think.)  The bad tendencies have really exploded in the last few months-he's become unmanageably controlling. I think because he finished University and I have moved out-all big changes. I think he's scared he's being left behind in life. He's 24, and I'm 22 so its frustrating to him I'm "ahead". He started taking my phone when I wouldn't talk to him. He then started taking my mother's phone to punish her for imagined issues. He started yelling constantly. He never went as far as physical violence. But he was completely unreasonable and would stand over me to intimidate me-he was implicitly saying I could beat you up.   Refused to even leave when I told him he had to, and he come stay with me or stay with his friend (he's reportedly burned a lot of bridges with his friends lately too). My mother called the police the last time he took her phone. She was hoping they could reason with him. They told her to take out an intervention order, so she did. He didn't seem to care about any of it. And then immediately broke it the next day. So she called the police and he got arrested. And I can't even say she was wrong. She had no choice.   He's always had anger and control issues but he could be reasoned with. Now he'll just say "but I'm right" when I try to talk to him. He won't listen. He's also had some misogynistic proclivities lately-insisting my mother and myself are below him in the pecking order due to our gender.   My father was abusive to my mother (not so much to us, but certainly to her), so his only male figure was a very negative one. And he would say concerning things to me about it like "mum caused it"-so there was always signs. He loves his Dad. I understand. But he needed to be realistic about who he was.   Which is abusive. He doesn't seem to understand that no matter how "annoying" my mother can be, she never could deserve any of it, and a big reason she's "annoying" is because of massive trauma from the whole thing.   I just needed to rant. I don't know if there's anything to do now. He won't listen to anybody-even my father can't explain to him that he's in actual fucking legal trouble. He thinks its all "some bullshit" apparently. He's clearly going through a mental health crisis but if he won't accept help what is there even to do? I'm worried he'll hurt himself to boot.
543	1	I’m (27m) in a healthy, solid relationship of 7 years and I can’t help but constantly want to say fuck it be single and go have sex with women all over the world and I feel so stupid and immature. [SEP] Like the 100’s of other posts about relationships in here, I’m just not sure what to do. Do I just need to grow up and let sex become less important? We really do have great sex, but I miss the rush of being intimate with someone new. The flirtation, seeing their body for the first time, I love it all.  But then the other part of me knows that it’s short lived, and I will want companionship again eventually. Does this dilemma go away? Is it an indication that maybe this isn’t the right fit? It’s so distracting and I just don’t know what to do.
351	1	God I’m so terrified of becoming the weird uncle [SEP] I have 3 siblings. All younger than me. Two have kids already and are in stable, long term relationships. I’m 25, no kids, no current gf. I know 25 you’re not really expected to have it all together, but seeing two younger siblings further along than I am really makes me anxious like I’m gonna be *that guy* at 40 who just fills his life with materialism and weirdness  I do want to get married, have kids and all that. But I’m pretty introverted. I haven’t even been on a dating app since I was 19/20. I’ve had girlfriends just nobody I wanted to get long term with. Certainly not anyone I expected to have kids with.   I really don’t want to wake up one day to the revelation that I’m like Uncle Buck or some shit.
68	1	I’m [23F] overly earnest and I really hate this about myself. How can I be more cynical/witty? [SEP] All the people I like and admire are cynical, sarcastic and witty. I want to be more like that so that those people will actually enjoy being around me, instead I’m always too sensitive, earnest, serious and worried about hurting people’s feelings. I feel like no matter how much I read or watch or try to experience life, I always come across stupider and more naive. I am the opposite of cool and I hate it! I care so much!    I think I am a playful person and like to tease and joke around with people but at the end of the day (maybe it’s because I’m highly anxious and emotional?) I still come across as overly earnest. I hate it. I give way too many fucks and it’s downright embarrassing especially because my favorite people are the complete opposite of me: witty, cool, hilarious, and don’t give a fuck. How will they ever tolerate me?   I feel like I’m incapable of not being overly concerned about not hurting other people’s feelings (even though they are usually way less sensitive than me).  I know this is the stupidest, most “first world” problem and not worth getting to worked up about but I absolutely hate this about myself. The kind of people I admire and am attracted to (not just romantically) are the complete opposite of me. When I read descriptions online of earnest people I see myself in them but feel nauseated to realize that’s how I come across. I am actually crying over this right now (which probably just proves my point).   can I learn to be less earnest? Or at least cover it up?
69	2	Why creating order is the key to achieving freedom [SEP] *Life will always throw things at you, and procrastination is always lurking in the shadows ready to ambush you. If you can get a step ahead even in these challenging circumstances, you really will be a step ahead when opportunities begin to arise.*    [https://www.motiv8.me/why-creating-order-is-the-key-to-achieving-freedom/](https://www.motiv8.me/why-creating-order-is-the-key-to-achieving-freedom/)
599	1	I want to tell my boyfriend that I cheated on him [SEP] I've been living with my boyfriend for two months. I'm 31, he's 27. He hasn't finished his University studies yet, which means he doesn't have the money to pay a rent, he's living in my house.  He's a very good, humble guy, he really really loves me, he shows that in every possible way. He pursued me for 7 months. I'm not the usual stuck-up b\*\*\*\* and I tried to make the process easy and enjoyable for him, but still.. he pursued me for 7 months and he keeps trying to win me over every day.  I was having dinner with him earlier, I was looking at him and thinking ''poor guy, he doesn't deserve this.''   Basically, I've had a new boss since March 2021. Out of all the women at my workplace, he targetted me. I was very flattered that a good-looking, wealthy guy wanted me at any cost. Sex happened last week.  I keep looking at my boyfriend and feeling sorry for him. While I was having sex with the other man I was thinking to myself ''he can't be hurt by this if he doesn't know''  I simply did not think that I'd feel so bad about this.. really, it's difficult to look your SO in the eyes and remember what happened a few days earlier. I know that I can just shut up and not tell him, and I know he won't find out, but still, I feel bad about it.
166	1	What keeps you going? [SEP] When you feel like there’s no purpose in continuing to live, what keeps you going?
943	1	Whenever you're drunk/high the fps around you drops significantly [SEP]
763	1	'He's a fucking actor' is the perfect description of what porn actors do for a living [SEP]
371	1	Sad I can’t save all the pets that need saving. [SEP] I have 3 cats and a dog. I love my pets like I love my family and I spoil them a lot, to the point where I get made fun of sometimes. I’m sitting here watching my pets; the nosy one is looking out the window like a peeping Tom. The lazy one is laying on her back in the dog’s bed, the shy one found a little nook to get comfy in, and the dog is laying by my feet. I love that my pets are so comfortable and cared for but I am so sad that I can’t do this for every pet that needs it.   It’s particularly cold today, and I saw the neighborhood stray roaming around, as he usually does. I started crying when I saw him walk by because he can’t possibly be comfortable in this bitter cold. Realistically I know that he can take care of himself (he’s been in the neighborhood for about 5 years now) and he wouldn’t be happy as an indoor pet.  I can’t afford anymore pets. Monthly costs for each cat comes out to about $180 and the dog is about $220- $460 if I send him to daycare 8 times in the month. On average I spend about $900 on my pets every month and I just cannot add anymore to that amount.   There’s really no point to this rant. I just wish I could take in every abandoned and abused pet that needs a home :(
865	1	Willy Wonka's Golden ticket idea was the greatest money making scheme in candy history. [SEP]
249	2	weird transitional phase of life [SEP] I recently read somewhere about how someone was “outgrowing everything but has nothing to grow into”, and it perfectly described how I was feeling about my life rn. I’m in my early 20s, and I know I don’t have to have everything figured out, but it sucks having to go through this weird phase of just not knowing wtf to do with my life.   I want to move out because of my toxic household and just for my own growth, but everything is so expensive. I’m also a first generation so I need to help my family while trying to figure out a life for myself. I don’t want to work a typical 9-5 every fucking day (although I already am), but it’s unfortunate that most of the options require that to barely make it. I don’t even know what I would do beyond that. I feel like I’ve outgrown my life being a student last year and just who I was at the start of this pandemic, but I have nothing to grow into in terms of a new phase in life where I can have new experiences. I just feel so lost. I know everyone is going to say that it’s how your 20s are, but I just feel like I’m wasting time that I could use to do things I love and be the happiest I’ve ever been. I feel like the main cause of it is sadly capitalism, but even then I just don’t feel comfort in any other aspect of my life (self growth, career, all relationships). It’s confusing having to deal with this and just feel stuck in the situation I’m in. I’ve always had friends tell me I could just do whatever, but I feel like it’s easier said than done. I don’t feel like myself and I don’t feel like a lot of the things around me represent who I am and what I want my life to be  *end of vent sesh and ty for those that read*
674	1	Hollywood has made generations of kids thinking that teenagers look like adults because most teenagers in movies are played by adults [SEP]
775	1	Wearing a diaper has the distinct advantage of not needing to trust a fart. [SEP]
76	2	I learned something just now [SEP] And I knew it all along. No one wants to be here. Nothing is fun unless you make it fun. But as long as we've gotta do this.... "if I were a rich man"... good song.
751	1	We're running on closed-source hardware from nature. And people are trying to reverse-engineer it. [SEP] It would have been cool if I got docs on how my body works ....
121	2	i feel like a husk of a human, and i think i’m doing this whole life thing incorrectly [SEP] my mind is almost always just going blank. i feel like i don’t have an inside voice at all, my mind is just blank and comes up with stuff randomly, and acts without thinking. i’m not sure even i can even think correctly.   i feel like life is just going on and i’m on the bus riding it with my headphones in looking down until it’s my stop  with almost anything i do i feel anxiety before doing it and regret it after, even if nothing inherently bad happened.  i feel like i have no personality and i am just a blank slate that can’t start or do anything, what am i doing wrong in life
732	1	At a glance, everyone who is 5'10 - 6'1 all look similar in height [SEP]
699	1	When reading subtitles because someone is speaking a language we do not know we take a lot for granted [SEP]
416	2	I won't masterbate until I get a girlfriend [SEP] You heard me right. I know masterbation is healthy and helps to lower the chances of prostate cancer but I don't care.   I just want someone in my lonely life.   Will just masterbate privately after getting a gf. I obviously won't have sex with her. I just want to cuddle. I just want her in my arm. I just want her beside me.   I just want my crush  It might be really hard not to masterbate for a long time  but I can do this. I will keep updating everyone every month about this. I masturbated this month but starting today, I won't do it anymore.    Thank you.
605	1	I hurt the only person who's important to me. [SEP] My girl best friend/crush invited me to a party where I showed up really drunk. I blacked out right before getting there and when she was talking to me saying she's disappointed in me and that she doesn't know what had gotten into me but it wasn't me that night. I still don't know what did I do, but I apologised. After she told me this I slept on her shoulders, and we were holding hands, which we never did before and felt really great,but I don't think she forgave me.
85	1	How to find your passion [SEP] Help ( qq)
872	1	Nearly no one likes to build puzzles anymore [SEP]
904	1	Simba Mufasa = Lion King in Swahili [SEP]
505	3	My response to "My boyfriend pretty much just told me out of anger that she'll r ape me" [SEP] Stop being a victim over everything. You obviously said he is not putting it down in the bedroom and that's the real reason u want to leave him. Selfish but hey we humans have needs and desires. F all that love fake bull.. now you going to put a case on the guy too. Just leave him and cut all contact if it's like that. You know where it can go u know more than we do. Have the same women that think like u feel sorry for u. I won't. Even if I made a point,  peoples particularly women emotions and how they feel will override any logic
227	1	If you’re ever sad about life, just think at least you’re not Junko Furuta. [SEP] I don’t think anybody can be as unlucky as Junko Furuta. If you don’t know who she is, she basically went through Hell on Earth. Whenever I think of her, I’m so much more grateful about my life.
311	1	How much of life is reminding yourself it’s okay to feel shitty? [SEP] We’re human and as humans, we aren’t programmed to feel good all the time. Yet in society the way it is now, there’s this rising pressure on everyone to be feeling good all the time because “you could have it much worse” or someone older telling you just how good the youth of today has it.  But regardless of how well we have it, WE ARE STILL HUMAN. We could all be billionaires in mansions and we’d be unhappy that door to toilet number 6 doesn’t close, or some shit idk.   What I’m saying is that suffering and negative emotions are a big big part of life and I need to remind myself daily that it’s okay to feel like that And it actually isn’t natural to be on top of the world all day every day.   Who else struggles with this constant loop?
959	1	doggy style and reverse cowgirl are the same positions if you're in space [SEP]
714	1	In Aladdin, the animated genie can revive the dead but chooses not to, while the live action genie can commit murder but revive the dead. They have opposite restrictions of their powers. [SEP]
511	1	God only gives you what you can take… [SEP] God, hello this is me, can I pretty please catch a breath before the next wave? I’ll just say couple of hell months, office falling to pieces and rethinking my whole life going forward on the lines of “let’s pick all up and get out of this city!” A friend told me to be patient and the phrase above, I know she means well I’ve been in her side, but right now just feels like there is something like a bit too much…
550	2	The worst part about being stupid is there's no escape. [SEP] You can't just disappear from the world. You have to just continue saying and doing stupid shit and embarrassing yourself. Your intelligence is fixed, there's nothing you can do to change it. And despite this fact, people are praised on their intelligence, or, in my case, disliked for their lack of intelligence. Fuck.
265	1	Scary [SEP] Living is too scary I can’t do this anymore  Too many varieties
474	1	GF breaking up with me over pics on my phone [SEP] So I was letting her help me set up my new iPhone and I took her to the imessage personalized emoji thing she was gonna help me with. She went somewhere else and clicked around idk where, but soon enough a page of nude pics popped up. It was an old folder that tbh I had sort of forgot about that transferred from my old phone. Some were just from the internet, a few were girls I dated in the past.   At first she acted not upset. I checked with her later and she said as long as I was exclusive with her she wasn’t mad. I reassured her it wasn’t anything about her not being good enough and I don’t like, want those girls more than her. She seemed ok with that  A few days later she is acting cold and then sends a text saying basically she actually does have a problem and “I’m not going to make it past this“. She won’t talk to me since   I feel she is overreacting. We’ve spent so much time together and I really do like her quite a lot. I’ve only done nice things for her and although I see why she could be upset about the pics, I feel I deserve a chance to change things if she has a problem. But she never gave me a chance.   I don’t know what to do. I’m really upset about her sudden choice but I feel I am not really at fault - I’d be willing to change whatever for her given a chance. People make mistakes. I don’t care about some old nude pics, definitely not more than I care about her  Im struggling to understand why this is such a mortal sin in her book. Uhhh. I can’t believe I fucked up so bad :(
153	1	Trauma [SEP] How do you deal with past trauma without therapy? It’s so expensive and lately, due to covid I’ve had a lot of time to reflect on things I’ve gone through in the past few years. It’s really getting to me and I’m trying to move past it without falling into depression.
478	2	I’m ugly and I want to sleep with a hot woman [SEP] I’m about to be thirty and I have yet to have sex. Especially not with a hot 18 year old woman. My first time will probably be with some forty year old woman with stretch marks. I don’t get how there are guys out there that get to sleep with hot young girls. They’re so lucky. I’ll probably never get the chance to sleep with a hot girl. Fuck my life. I hope reincarnation is real because I fucking lost the genetic lottery.   Honestly, I hate having sexual urges at all. Asexual people must have such fulfilling lives. There’s no way they have to deal with the pressure of wanting to have great sex. I’m ugly as fuck and I’m not getting any more handsome.   I don’t care if this is a whiny post. I’m tired of trying to be composed and mature. I want a hot woman and I want her now. I’m tired of pretending like I’m ok when I feel like trash all the time. People think I’m being petty by wanting to sleep with a hot woman but I want my first time to actually be satisfying.   Tl;dr I’m ugly and I want to sleep with a hot woman
969	1	Fried Chicken = Frosted Donut, but poultry [SEP]
856	1	When you really think about it,technology is probably the leading cause of inflation. [SEP]
60	1	Can i share a story? [SEP] I would like to share my story. I think it might be inspiring. Should i?
49	1	Confidence, Charisma &amp; Crippling Anxiety [SEP] My anxiety and shyness intensified about 13 years ago, when I moved from my home in Ghana to the UK. I was 10, in unfamiliar territory, and anxiety paralysed me. I was conscious about everything, my weight, my accent and my clothes and more and food became my place of comfort. I ballooned like a goodyear blimp. I am now 23, and unrecognisable from my 10 year old self. I have come to understand confidence and charisma comes from within. Being happy with who you are and accepting aspects of yourself you once saw as unlovable flaws. There are 3 tools I have learnt which have helped me approach myself and others differently and ultimately have led me to a place of acceptance:  1. Your thoughts are not reality: Thoughts of anxiety can be paralysing but in understanding that our thoughts are not fact can help us be less attached to them 2. Gratitude: Being grateful for what you have brings you to an abundant life view. I realise through gratitude how blessed I really am and I am more accepting of my imperfections 3. Tomorrow is not promised: Life is a delicate and priceless commodity. We are blessed to have the life we do now so why waste it worrying and not being the people we want to be.  We are humans of-course and there are days when we fall in a slump. There are days when my fearful 10 year old self rears its head but becoming more confident, charismatic and present is a daily practice and I hope these tools can help give you a cheeky boost along that journey.  Thanks for reading and leave your thoughts down below, I would love to engage with you all.  If this helped you, check out my youtube channel and podcast here [https://theoandprince.com](https://theoandprince.com/) :)
671	1	White coffee would save a world full of carpets from the dumpster. [SEP]
81	1	Is It Better To Lose Fairly Or Win Dirty? [SEP]  What is your opinion?  [https://medium.com/prosperity-within-life/is-it-better-to-lose-fairly-or-win-dirty-5fde3ee1578b](https://medium.com/prosperity-within-life/is-it-better-to-lose-fairly-or-win-dirty-5fde3ee1578b)
786	1	There must’ve been at least one instance where a dyslexic farmer with a lot of Piled Corn has been interrogated by the police [SEP]
243	3	I don't condone giving up on life, but there's a positive feeling that comes with it. [SEP] It's like a weight's been lifted off your shoulders, no more expectations of yourself that you can't meet, no more pressure, no more worrying about the future, you accept things as they are and then you feel like you've freed up all this space in your mind which you can now use to start enjoying whatever time you have left. It's like you've just deleted a massive amount of tasks on your hard drive that you needed to do, the freed up space can now be used to start installing games that you can enjoy.
306	1	Photography as a career? [SEP] Hello everyone! I am a 22 year old, recent college graduate and I have decided that I want to be a photographer. I want to be a photojournalist as a way to combine my passions of creating art, traveling, providing social/political commentary and promoting my own messages to the world.  However i am unsure how to make money from this and am struggling to see where i can realy build a career from photojournalism. It seems that its really difficult in the digital internet age, and i dont just want to shoot weddings and grad photos (although wouldnt mind this on the side i guess...). I am also interested in the filmmaking/video aspect as well, but this seems equally if not harder to make a living from.  My dilemna is how can i make a living from photojournalism? Should I get another job just to pay the bills? I dont mind working physical labor jobs or learning a trade (welding, bartending...) to make a decent income, my only issue is that i still need to have the time flexibility to travel and shoot things that i want to. Any help/advice?
708	1	Our goal in life is to make enough money to support the lifestyle we wish we had as children. [SEP]
850	2	All good news stems from bad news [SEP]
468	1	I'm the reason my abusive ex girlfriend won't be getting hired [SEP] Posting on a throwaway because I know she follows my regular account.    I dated someone in college for 2 and a half years. She was my first relationship and it was absolutely traumatizing. I literally could never win. Not that I think relationships are some game that can be "won", but she clung to victimhood like she was made of gorilla glue.     Literally this week she was tweeting about how she thought the last guy she dated (me) was a narcisssist, how he coerced her to do drugs and alcohol because she wasn't exciting enough, and how he left her passed out at a party because he got tired and didn't want to deal with her. That definitely tells the whole story of her having major depressive episodes that she refused to get help for, instead picking up a fun oxycontin habit. No mention of the multitude of times I tried to intervene and get her help, eventually saying "do what you want with the drugs, I'm not gonna stop you" after she fought me while I was throwing it all out. No mention that she *routinely* got blackout drunk and instead of trying to fit an unconscious body into my car I left her at the mutually trusted friends house after making sure she'd be cared for. Hell, I don't even think we were dating at that point.    I could go on for months but I have my therapist for that and I've gone on too long already. Short thing is, she had issues.     This week she messages me after a 4 month gap in communication to ask if I knew anyone working at a few companies she had had successful interviews at. In some bizarre turn of events, I actually did for one because she was applying to companies in my rather niche industry. One of my buddies is in HR there and you better believe I told him all about her. I guess it worked because last thing she tweeted was that one of the jobs sent her an unexpected rejection. It's not much, but it was something.      I won't lie though, it didn't have the same satisfaction as I was hoping for. I don't exactly want her to succeed but I ultimately don't want to ruin her life as much as she did my mental health and desire to pursue any form of intimacy.
929	1	Generations of little children grew up not knowing dinosaurs existed. [SEP]
288	1	Well ... [SEP] It's gonna the most intense two weeks ...
553	2	I regret nothing more than college [SEP] I regret my degree, I'm almost one year post graduation with a bachelors of science in recording arts. Doesn't even sound legit. Fucking Full Sail. Biggest mistake of my life, I wish i listened to my parents when they advised me to rethink. But no. 17/18 year old who so badly wanted independence and to be cool, now 20 with 75k in private student loan debt. doesnt help that over half my college experience was online because of covid and missed out on so many opportunities that i cant even count.  I hate the music industry now honestly. i dont even know what to do anymore in my life. the thought of having no path in my life and no fucking clue what to do anymore honestly keeps me up at night and is the driving force of my immense depression and borderline suicidal thoughts.   if i didnt have the debt, i would go back to (A NORMAL) college in a heartbeat. but i have the debt that wont be going anywhere for at least 40 years (the length of my payment plan !), originally I was expected to be paying $767 a month 6 months post graduation! As if anyone can fucking afford that. Refinanced with a cosigner and got it down to $450. Still a lot, but more manageable at least.  Complete fucking joke. The entire place is a money hungry marketing scheme.   Sorry for any typos. I just feel so fucking sorry for myself at this point and needed to put it into writing for the first time.
662	1	my dog killed a neighborhood cat [SEP] for context, she is a 5 year old boxer/pitbull mix and extremely sweet, although not very well trained. (completely my fault. im a full time student and got her as an irresponsible highschooler that didn’t prioritize training her as a pup).  weve had a lot of trouble with her running away and not listening but up until this point its just been more of a nuisance. i know people hold a lot of prejudice toward the breed but she has never hurt anything other than a rat in our backyard once, let alone a human/child/baby/dog/ etc.   she escaped out of our backyard after one of the wooden boards of the fence becoming loose and movable, into our neighbors backyard. they own a dog too, but theres also an older neighborhood cat that roams the block a lot. everybody kinda fed it and im pretty sure it had a known name on my street. it just so happened to be hanging out in my neighbors backyard this afternoon and things got ugly fast. needless to say it took an hour to retrieve my dog and everybody was obviously mortified. they are used to my dogs tendency to run off but this was unlike anything wed ever seen.  my neighbor and her boyfriend were reasonably pissed cursing me out and i honestly just feel like the worst fucking dog owner in the world. i couldnt stop crying and apologizing and it was an absolute disaster. i know i need to do something immediately (probably a long time ago), but im a broke college student that cant afford a trainer. i love my dog to pieces and know shes a very loving dog but i feel so horrible about what happened; it was honestly so traumatizing and it made me vomit.  i hope i dont get seriously bashed from this lol im already shaking from crying so much and i really am trying, i just really needed to let this out somewhere. maybe get some advice.
157	1	Feeling tired. [SEP] Hello everyone, I recently started working at home and created a home routine but in the last few days I have started feeling tired and distracted, I would start working knowing exactly what I would need to do and I simply wouldn't do of how tired I was feeling. I tried to add a shower in the morning and started drinking hot green tea as the Japanese do at work. I also do home chores like cleaning the house on every brake. I always have 8-10 hours of sleep so I honestly don't understand what's wrong, does anyone had the same problem? Thank's in advance.
461	1	I (F24) found out my friend (F28) lied about her virginity because she was sexually assaulted. [SEP]  **TW** mention of SA  I was reading u/angelndrinks post on here and it made me feel comfortable enough to share this. I have a friend I consider her a close friend. I’m attracted to her but never made a move because I don’t know if she feels the same way but sometimes I get the feeling she does. We talk about sex sometimes within our friend group and she’s told us she’s slept with x amount of people and vice versa, it’s just a conversation we were having, not a big deal. Until my other friend who’s part of our friend group and is also close to her tells me she’s actually a virgin. I was shocked but not because of her age. I was shocked and hurt that my friend felt the need to lie.  We have another friend who’s also a virgin and she let us know and we didn’t mind it so I didn’t understand why she felt the need to lie to us. I confronted her about it and let her know it’s not fair for her to lie to me since we’re friends. If she chose not to disclose her sexual life at all that’s perfectly fine, she’s not obligated to and it’s no one business. But it’s the fact that she felt the need to lie to me about it that bothers me so much. Because it made me feel like she didn’t trust me, like she didn’t think of me as a true friend. I told her all of that. I also told her about our friend who’s a virgin. She said our friend was fine with risking us name calling her, judging her and making her feel like she’s weird hence why she told us.  I couldn’t believe she said this..! I got even more offended and asked her how she could think that we’d do any of that to her, because like I said, we’re close friends and she should trust me enough because friends don’t judge friends. That’s when she told me it didn’t matter that we were friends because people do whatever they want to do to others and it’s something you can’t help or stop. When I asked her what she meant she revealed to me that she had a best friend who she was raised with and grew up with and saw as a sibling. This guy ended up sexually assaulting her when they were both 14 in high school. The next thing she says is I need to stop making friendship sound like some candyland world because it isn’t.  I actually started crying when she left. I cried because I felt for her. I hated she had that experience. Nobody deserves that especially her because she really is a sweetheart. I think the assault shaped the way she views a lot of things. I’m hurting in different ways. For her and what she went through and also because I guess we’re not as close as I thought we were.
80	1	Freedom [SEP] the greatest freedom I have ever felt in my life - swimming with dolphins
878	1	school is the only type of business in which you are paid to harrass your customers [SEP]
682	1	boys think best when shitting [SEP]
641	1	I just cheated [SEP] I just cheated for the first time. Whilst my girlfriend is at home. I don’t know what to do, I know she won’t find out
28	2	Feeling bummed out about where I am in life but I don’t want to give up. [SEP] I’ve personally wasted a lot of time just slacking off and hanging out. When I should have been working on my goals and dreams.  Now I am 35 with this feeling that I am really far behind in life. I know the obvious answer is to forget about what happened and just start now. However every time I do start working towards my goals I feel this overwhelming feeling of regret which ironically leads me to slacking off instead of working. This is a very negative pattern I just can’t seem to get out of and one which has continued for years.   I don’t want to give up on living the life of my dreams. Any advice would be much appreciated.
481	2	I feel like all doctors hate drug addicts. [SEP] I've noticed this being a common theme; if you tell a doctor your past substance abuse history/continued substance abuse; they seem to have this constant demeanor towards you and act as though you're less of a human. It's extremely disheartening. Especially if you tell them you struggled/struggle with opiates. This is just an observation; I probably shouldn't clump all doctors into one catagory, but I've seen it almost every single time. I've had so many doctors/nurses, make the nastiest comments towards me, act as though I'm lying or deceiving them, or just pass of my case like it's not a big deal. I've been having lung issues for the last year (F23), and I've spent a great deal of time in and out of emergency rooms, urgent cares, etc. It's been a nightmare, but what's made it even worse, is the horrible treatment that I've received from doctors and nurses.
989	1	People often get embarrassed if they are caught taking a selfie. Yet they happily post the photo itself all over social media. [SEP]
502	3	I hate that this world isn't made for a heart like mine [SEP] I hate my heart I hate how caring i could be I hate being too patient and too understanding I hate being so much of an empath, it'll be the death of me I hate how I still focus on the positives I hate having such pure intentions  I hate loving unconditionally I hate going soft on people who hurt me with just a single sorry I hate that I always choose to see the best in everyone  I hate how I can't sleep when minor things aren't resolved or when i did someone wrong I hate finding happiness in such little acts I hate how I always give people the benefit of the doubt I hate that I forgive easily and give second chances  I hate that I just can't let things go  I hate always telling myself to choose to be kind even to people who couldn't extend the same courtesy to me I hate how i wanna die but I still have hope to live this life I hate the fact that I'm hating all these aspects that I can't unlearn I hate that this world isn't made for a heart like mine  They say that these are the qualities that should make our world better and that gives people hope, but how come possessing these qualities are the reason why I always end up getting hurt.
325	2	Secrets of life they don’t want you to know about [SEP] You can actually just have dope vibes 24/7 and be epic and do shit like smoke crack all day and not have a job. You don’t actually need to do anything. You can do whatever you want
363	1	Since my girlfriend broke up with me I have implemented a lot of healthy things in my life. Yet I am in no way happier now than I was when I was with her. [SEP] Sorry for the confusing title.   My girlfriend broke up with me in November. Since then I reduced my sugar intake, generally ate less, started working out again, lost some weight in the process, reconnected with family and friends, started meditating again, etc.  I get compliments (for how good I look now), random women smile at me when I make eye contact and I l've been on dates with two different women I met on dating apps (date with a third woman planned for when she finishes exams in Uni).   Everything seems pretty good at the moment. Yet I would trade everything I have now for the happy times with my ex with no hesitation. We've been together for over two years, two very happy years, we moved in together after a year and a half, and everything was going great. I even thought about buying an engagement ring for our three year relationship anniversary. And then one day she told me that she doesn't have feelings for me anymore and we broke up.   It hurts. A lot. Still. And it makes me sick that all the positive things that happened since the breakup don't seen to matter for me, because I can't get over the fact that I love her so much and wanted to grow old with her.   I don't even know the purpose of my post. I guess I'm just looking for encouragement or kind words. Or maybe for someone telling me it will all work out in the end.  Thank you for taking time to read my rant. I hope you are doing well in these weird times.
423	1	My next door neighbour's kid is freakishly obnoxious. I hate having him around and wish he would just shut up or go away. I feel guilty because I know he's in a broken home. [SEP] I bought a townhouse a couple of years ago, I like it overall, it was nice and quiet for a few months until the unit next to me sold. Some guy with a 10 year old son moved in. The first weekend was pretty crazy. First I noticed a cop parked outside for a while with his lights on. After a while he left, and maybe 30 minutes later I heard a ton of shouting and put my ear to the wall. He was clearly drunk out of his mind and ranting about violently beating his son and what he was going to do next.  I was super concerned because I believed the kid was in there. So I called child services. After confirming the address the agent I spoke to advised me it's an active file, she kind of broke a lot if confidentiality rules, but she gave me the rundown what was going on.   The Dad is separated from the Mom and have joint custody. Apparently both parents continually undermine each other and the kid plays them hard. When he doesn't get his way he calls child services to escalate, that night he had made a bogus claim that his Dad had hit him. When police arrived the boy was fine but the Dad was completely drunk. So they took the boy to his mother who was also drunk before finally finding a friend of the kid who could take him in for the night.  That was the craziest thing, but I've had police at my door several times asking if I've seen them around, what sort of vehicle is he driving, things like that. I try and keep out of it nowadays. CPS still calls me once in a while too.  Anyway, on the average day it's generally quiet, except for the afternoons and weekend mornings. There are times when for hours on end he's just running and jumping and shrieking and hollering, which sucks when I'm trying to work. Sometimes it gets to the point I start wishing he really would hit the little bastard.  I know it is excessive at times and I have the right to complain. But am I going to cause a situation where the kid goes psycho on his dad and causes world war 3, nah. I'm kind of hoping he will move in with his Mom, but she doesn't appear to have custody anymore. Given his age, I've got 8 uncertain years ahead of me. I'm kind of dreading his teens.  I wish they could be like my other next door neighbour Francis who only annoys me once in a while when he sets up his pool right outside my patio  and offers to let me join his wife and daughter which is super weird but they're French-Canadian so I guess its ok.
174	3	What's the point? [SEP] I don't see the point in anything anymore. Any good cause any goodness at all. I also! Dont see the point in evilness. Everything is blury and meaningless these days. And dont give me "you're depressed" or "this isnt normal". Cause this isnt depression. Im not sad or anything. I just dont see the purpose of any F***ing thing anymore. Im numb. Everyone else around me keeps runing. I dont get towards what? What for? Its like this grey sky is above my head all the time. And everthing else is also grey. Im grey! Im not naging. But I cant set any goals anymore. I cant find a purpose. I just sit around all day doing nothing. Because its all meaningless. Pooof....
545	1	My friend (F28) lied to me (f24) about her virginity and I’m hurt. [SEP]  **TW** mention of SA  I have a friend I consider her a close friend. I’m attracted to her but never made a move because I don’t know if she feels the same way but sometimes I get the feeling she does. We talk about sex sometimes within our friend group and she’s told us she’s slept with x amount of people and vice versa, it’s just a conversation we were having, not a big deal. Until my other friend who’s part of our friend group and is also close to her tells me she’s actually a virgin. I was shocked but not because of her age. I was shocked and hurt that my friend felt the need to lie.  We have another friend who’s also a virgin and she let us know and we didn’t mind it so I didn’t understand why she felt the need to lie to us. I confronted her about it and let her know it’s not fair for her to lie to me since we’re friends. If she chose not to disclose her sexual life at all that’s perfectly fine, she’s not obligated to and it’s no one business. But it’s the fact that she felt the need to lie to me about it that bothers me so much. Because it made me feel like she didn’t trust me, like she didn’t think of me as a true friend. I told her all of that. I also told her about our friend who’s a virgin. She said our friend was fine with risking us name calling her, judging her and making her feel like she’s weird hence why she told us.  I couldn’t believe she said this..! I got even more offended and asked her how she could think that we’d do any of that to her, because like I said, we’re close friends and she should trust me enough because friends don’t judge friends. That’s when she told me it didn’t matter that we were friends because people do whatever they want to do to others and it’s something you can’t help or stop. When I asked her what she meant she revealed to me that she had a best friend who she was raised with and grew up with and saw as a sibling. This guy ended up sexually assaulting her when they were both 14 in high school. The next thing she says is I need to stop making friendship sound like some candyland world because it isn’t.  I actually started crying when she left. I cried because I felt for her. I hated she had that experience. Nobody deserves that especially her because she really is a sweetheart. I think the assault shaped the way she views a lot of things. I’m hurting in different ways. For her and what she went through and also because I guess we’re not as close as I thought we were.
354	3	death is extremely fascinating [SEP] i love everything about it, there’s something about seeing a lifeless corpse that interests me. there are so many different ways to die - some of them messy, some of them clean. seeing people with their head wide open and brain scattered, covered in maggots from decomposition is very calming. i feel like i’m addicted to it, i could never undersnd why people don’t like to view nsfl content, it’s to die for.
841	2	Assuming everyone has killed a bug, we are all murderers [SEP]
815	1	nail, bang, and hammer are all used for carpenting and sexual intercourse [SEP]
589	2	Fuck covid19 [SEP] I knew I could've avoided it. I was a goddamn recluse that nobody cared about, which was good. I was safe. But then, I decided to "live life" with my family and then I caught it. Now I'm depressed every day, because I might not ever get to play video games again with brain damage. Let's not forget the possibility to get capped is higher now because I am stupider.
92	1	What are some good life hacks? [SEP] Just curious
196	1	I'm spending Christmas alone on an air mattress inside a warehouse I work at. Sending love to all those who are struggling too. ❤ [SEP] Hey there you, shattered in a thousand pieces. Weeping in the darkest night. Hey there you trying to stand up on your own two feet and stumbling through the sky. Sing to the moon and the stars will shine
867	1	The first people on Mars will probably receive messages about their car's extended warranty. [SEP]
582	1	I need help [SEP] Hi guys, this is kind of my first ever post on Reddit, so sorry beforehand if I don’t follow the guidelines.  Background: I’m a 21 year old guy working a delivery job. I have no degree nor have I ever finish school. Still life with my parent (mom and her boyfriend). I don’t have much going on when it comes to look. I’m and emo guy with crooked teeth and missing two lower front once. No car to drive around, only a bike and skateboard to get me from A to B. My room is a big trash bin (stuff be literally rotting in my room). I’m compulsive with my spending, get easily agitated but most times don’t show it. Also don’t have any good friends you call bff. Most of the time people would just invite me to hang around or go out for drinks. Until now I would just be switching friend groups I hangout with. I would say that I had fun being around them but there is this ugly feeling that I’m missing something. I also most times don’t initiate interactions because it just feels like I’m a bother or they don’t like me enough. I don’t really feel well about myself. Partly because im nowhere in life. It feels like im stuck in this loop of waking up, work, smoke weed, go home, eat and then sleep. When I was younger, I used to love to draw and design stuff but now I don’t feel any joy or passion anymore. I’ve tried picking up different hobbies but nothing sticks. Up until now, I’ve never had a girlfriend or any sexual experience. Kinda sad really. I hate myself, how I am, the way I look, the things I say everything. I’m not suicidal but I sometimes imagine maybe it would be better to just quit everything. Every day I would be stressing about what to say to people, things to talk about, but nothing comes up. I don’t have hobbies, I don’t study and there are almost nothing that interest me. Thoughts that always comes back at those of “Am I boring?” “Maybe I too much.” “Did I do something wrong again?” and so on. I’ve read books, watch YouTube, buying stuff from these PUA gurus on how to improve my social skills, how to flirt, how to walk, how to be confident and what not but the more I do it, the more stressed and confused I get. To be honest with you, I’m really don’t with this shit. I don’t know what to do, I don’t know where to go, I don’t know who to talk to. Every day it just feels like struggling just so I have to struggle again the next day.  So please, I need help. I’m tired of this stuff. And I know that for a lot of people this might not look like a big issue but it is for me. I don’t know what to do anymore. (literally crying while writing this). I want to be confident, not caring about what I have to say or do, not caring about me being a loser with no life. I want to be able to connect with someone who would care as much as I care. Can some one please help and guide me because im done with the thinking and stressing.  Sorry that you guys have to read this and thank you to everyone who took their time to read and reply to this (if there would be any).
29	2	What am I supposed to think [SEP] There’s so much advice that contradicts other advice, or arguments that can go on forever. Is there any way to actually understand life? Its so confusing and I feel so lost
666	1	We don’t want to fart and smell bad in public but we are fine doing many other things that make us smell bad in public. [SEP]
752	1	The voices we hear in our heads are constantly in low volume. [SEP]
696	1	Perhaps no one does anything simply because it’s the logical thing to do, but it must come from something that feels right too [SEP]
212	2	I ask myself why I feel so shitty then realise I don’t eat well, barely sleep, don’t exercise, don’t go out for days and live life on autopilot [SEP] Feels like I’m in this weird loop.
987	1	All those bad ghost hunting reality shows probably made people believe even less in ghosts [SEP]
47	1	Blog is glitchy [SEP] Need to delete and restart...on a different site😶 odd glitch has taken over my blog
932	1	All the fantasy stories are real. Vampires, faeries, spirits etc made humans write their stories by giving them thoughts. [SEP]
394	1	I haven’t had sex since 2013 [SEP] And I’m completely OK with that. I have no real desire for sex with another person tbh. I don’t know if it’s because I have depression, or I’m just asexual. Idk. I think about the possibility of having sex with someone and I’m just….meh.   I would like to have a partner, someone to live life with. But as far as sexy times? I have no desire to have sex. At all. Which obviously would make it difficult to date and find a partner :/
626	2	Unsure [SEP] I feel like I’m unable to feel loved.. even in a good relationship.. I just don’t know what to do with myself.. I just want to be happy.. I can love but I don’t feel it back?
434	1	I can't stand when people don't train their dogs [SEP] I've been roommates, neighbors and friends with people who have untrained dogs.  I've had roommates that had rescues do whatever they want around the house: piss and shit wherever they please, eat food off the counter, beg and chew up your belongings. They don't want to hurt them, so they let them have free reign. The worse are small dogs. Chihuahuas are THE WORST out of all misbehaved breeds, don't even come at me about pit bulls. I don't give a fuck about pit pulls, is rather have 80 of them than 1 Chihuahua. If you want shot statistics at me, save it, I'm gonna delete your comment. Fuck Chihuahuas.  I've had my old roommate's dogs respect me more than their own owner because I show them healthy discipline. It's honestly not that hard.   I lose all respect for you when you ask me to baby sit your dog and it doesn't comprehend the fuck up it did. Too many dogs I've seen that are like "whatever" when you show them what they did wrong.  Train your fucking dogs. Stop having them walk over you, it's embarrassing. Especially when they're a big mixed dog that's not even leashed trained and it needs to go on walks because they're breed is hyperactive.   You don't deserve to have a pet if you're not going to be responsible for it.  To add: don't go "oh poor baby" when I'm stern training it to not eat out of the trash. Because you're a lazy piece of shit
940	1	If dinosaurs had all survived we would probably all be flying around on pterodactyls as a mode of transport. [SEP] Or at least I hope we would.
223	1	HELP! [SEP] https://www.reddit.com/r/Advice/comments/r4bnek/24f_despret_in_need_for_advice_warning_this_is_a/?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share
503	1	My heart has gone completely numb for my boyfriend of two years. [SEP] I (F18) have been with my boyfriend (M18) for two years. Long story short, I ended up getting unexpectedly pregnant after the condom broke, and it was too late to do anything about it, If you know what I mean. We both agreed terminating the pregnancy was the best way to go about it, since we are both committed to different colleges far away, and raising a child together would be impossible. At first, he was on my side, comforting, and reassuring this was the best decision. It was a breath of relief, since I knew he had pro-life, conservative views. I was wrong. It wasn’t over.  He began to get more and more angry, cold, and distant. I needed him more than ever. I was about 5-6 weeks, and I would have my abortion at 7. I felt so sick, sore, and fatigued. But, he made it all about himself, and would fight me, ghost me, and called me every name in the book. I felt so down. I thought at least he would be by my side during the actual abortion, but I was wrong: again.  I had a medical abortion, which if you don’t know, can be done from home. I was out of school for two days, in a lot of pain, mentally and physically. He refused to see me. He refused to talk to me. And when he rarely did, it wasn’t nice at all. I never felt so alone, in distress, and emotional. He even made jokes about going out and fucking his female friend while he waits for me to be done bleeding.  My procedure is complete, and now he’s acting back to his sweet, loving self. I physically cannot look at him the same. I honestly don’t know if I can work through it and move past it. I just had one of the most traumatizing experiences of my life, and he couldn’t be by my side. Should I consider a break up? Or should I try to work it out with him? Help.
925	2	Somebody in history definitely died by tripping over a cat. [SEP]
34	2	Life [SEP] Not sure if I’ve said this out loud or not today. But, I hate life. That is all. Have a good day.  I know I will try.
314	3	Caught inside of a shitstorm randy [SEP] Over the past two years I have spent almost all of my time studying alone in my room. I haven’t hung out with a friend in over 2 months and barely speak to my parents. This may sound odd but I feel like I have forgotten what it’s like to be a human. I don’t have a deep connection with anyone. Everyone else from my perspective looks through me like I’m an inferior. Anyways, I’m curious if anyone else has been through something like this and eventually made connections with people who they could talk too about anything. Thanks🤙
387	3	I cant stand the moDDs on here man. I ll slahpp tfff out of them and anyone on here that. I don't like none of you on here. [SEP]  I don't like no one in real life. I don't care how much you like or dislike me. My rage, there is no equal
935	1	The cheetah is iconic for being one of the fastest land mammals, yet no luxury car manufacturer uses it [SEP]
276	1	The path everyone takes [SEP] A boy wanders the forest known as life, and as he wanders he longs for a purpose, and when he finds a purpose the forest that he wanders becomes a path. The boy becomes a man and Life becomes that forest that turns into a path and a goal is formed when given a reason to live. The best path however is one that cleans the world and improves those that come after as they follow their own path.
54	3	Why do I feel like I am stuck in a shell? [SEP] I am confused about life.what is the purpose? Why do we want fame and money?
659	2	Maternity photoshoots creep me out [SEP] Maternity photoshoots/ exposed pregnant bellies in photos in general weird me out. Idk why. I’m probably going to get a lot of down votes and I feel like a bad person for thinking this. Because it’s super cool the concept that bodies can procreate. I also think babies are adorable so idk what it is that in the stomach weirds me out. But out of the stomach it doesn’t weird me out at all. And it’s only in photos that weirds me out not in person. Anyone else feel this way? What’s wrong with me?
411	2	My [26F] eating disorder is ruining my life [SEP] I have had an ED since college. Started over-exercising and restricting. I am a bit better with food now. I don’t restrict as much as I used to but still feel guilty after eating.   The exercising hasn’t stopped. Lately, though, I have been doing home workouts because I can’t afford a gym membership. There is this girl I follow for workouts and her body is incredible. She is so strong and can do an entire 45 min HIIT workout without taking breaks.   I recently went on her social medias and she shows off her body as much as she can (I would too if I looked like her) and makes videos about what she eats in a day. I looked at those pics and videos last week and they are still bothering me. I want so badly to look like her. She has such a small amount of body fat and her muscles are visible. No matter how much protein I’ve eaten and healthy eating/weightlifting I’ve done, I have never looked like that.   I eat healthy and I’m not fat. But my ED thinks I am. I go to counseling but it is only once a month and it isn’t completely helping. I don’t need any advice I guess. I just needed to vent to someone.
469	1	F20 stopped being friends with M23 [SEP] 2 years ago, I (M23) have meet someone online (F20) and we had an interesting path. After a few months of talking, we started to have feelings for each other which wasn’t a good thing since she was dating someone, this led us to having some fights which ended with taking breaks but after a while we would come back and start talking again. Last year we finally managed to meet up in person and we had an amazing weekend, the same way we clicked online happened in person too, it went even better than we both expected. But after that meeting, she got involved with a guy and I took a step back and didn’t talk to her too much since I wanted her to have no distractions in that new relationship. Like 1.5 months ago we were having a talk which led to an argument where she basically said I was clingy and that she doesn’t even want to be friends anymore, she unfriended me on snap (the main app we used to talk) but we kept following each other on instagram. That fight was a bit surprising for me for 2 reasons, the IRL meet up was a success and she really loved finally meeting with me in person which I thought was a good thing and the 2nd reason is that I haven’t talked too much to her ever since we saw each other in person, I know I used to be clingy, but I have changed and stopped being like that with her. A few days ago, I noticed something weird in her online behavior, on Instagram she removed me from her followers so I can’t see any of her posts, but she is still following me and can see what I post, then I found out that she broke up with her boyfriend.  I know that this cycle of talking and taking a break is toxic, but I genuinely miss her and would really want to be friends with her again, I have never clicked with anyone on such level, and I really miss her company.  And I was wondering why she removed me from her followers? My first thought is that she did this, so I won’t see what she is up to anymore and that I won’t reach out to her and pursue her to being friends again now that she is single.  TL;DR Long distance friend/ex removed me from her list of followers after her most recent break up and I don't know why?
301	1	Karma coming with a venegance, One Down many to follow [SEP] Submission Statement:  Like 'final destination' past infractions will not go unpunished.  Robert Trump, a legacy trapped in a  void of emptiness
733	3	We are actually in the mirror universe. A bunch of bloodthirsty savages looking for every opportunity to exploit for the tiniest of gains. [SEP]
189	1	My theory about how people live life. [SEP] This is my theory and it's definitely not religious since I'm an atheist but here's the theory. I've recently thought of life as 5 cards in a deck: Baby, Childhood, Teen, Adult, Senior. An ace being constantly sick and unlucky and a King being the greatest time of your life. And also how long you live is how much dice you're given at a time of your birth which is 1-25. If you get 1, you're not gonna live past 6, but if you're given 15 dice you'll have a better chance at living longer. So if someone gets an 5, 2, 8, Queen, 4 and 16 dice then you have a good chance of living and having a kind of average life. Idk, it's my theory and makes me think more about it.
299	1	the best ways of reducing over stimulation in daily life? [SEP] I wonder what are your ways of avoiding being over stimulated in daily life?  Recently I felt like any way of a little bit of too much stimulation would give me like a headache.  so I try to spend most of the day in kind of silence and I found one of the best ways of doing stuff and remain in silence is reading cause time will spend in total silence for a long time and that’s nice.  recently I can’t even turn any kind of entertainment on just the thought give me headache....  what are other things can do in silence?   my son recently started learning to draw which is nice it’s fun and done in silence :)
523	1	I sometimes wish that my parent would be dead [SEP] My parents don't have the healthiest relationship. They barely communicate properly, and I feel that it's mainly my mom's issue. She is a dictator who assume me and my dad ought to be able to read her mind.  My dad is a very accommodating perso, he just keeps quiet most of the time and accepts my mom's harsh words (should she ever talks to him, 50% it's just harsh comments). At times I feel that my mom is just too unappreciative of my dad.  Those are the moments where I have thoughts... If my mom is dead my dad won't have to suffer anymore. And to extent, I won't have to suffer too (she isn't as harsh towards me than to my dad, but close enough).  Then I would pull myself back because it's not filial to wish your parent to be dead..
305	1	any advice to young people [SEP] Im turning 18 in a few days, anyone have some valuable advice to me? Thank you
622	1	I want to end my marihuana addiction [SEP] For almost my entire life I've seen marijuana as the best  thing in the world. My pleasure in life is getting to experience everything while being high.  I smoke everyday.  And I've been smoking for 13 years (14 to 27m) and now I realize how much I have missed in my personal life for being high all the Time. Always being absent minded. Low self esteem. No confidence. No ambition  It wasn't until lately that I have come to the realization that the heavy smoking triggers me anxiety and depression.  Right now it got to a point where I smoke, get high, and then ask myself why did I even smoke to have an anxiety attack in my head, why if it doesn't even feel good.  I'm seriously going to try again to reduce, and give myself a better chance exert my full potential
892	2	There is a lot of comfort to be found in an older woman’s feet [SEP]
909	2	There are undoubtedly thousands of people whose last meal consisted of some shitty airline food. [SEP]
913	1	Rainbows are actually full circles, of which we only ever see the top half! [SEP]
921	1	Someone shouldn’t identify themself through material objects [SEP]
834	1	Allergies are nature’s way of committing biological warfare. [SEP]
356	2	I was married for 20 years and let my ex back into my life and now I can not function [SEP] I was married for 20 years. He was super abusive, in and out of rehab and jail. He could not keep a job for more than a year. We have a daughter that is 19 now.    Everytime he fucked up I was there. Came back home each time.  My family and friends hated it. I thought that it was till death we part.   Our marriage was basically sexless for the last 2 years. I could not trust him,  and the way he was found passed out on the floor multiple times without regaurd to our daughter was gross. Plus the hitting me and yelling was another level.   I work 12 hour shifts Monday through Friday  to keep our family stable. I hope for a life that I can just be happy with my daughter.   One day he stood up from the couch that he has been sleeping on for a year and told me that he was leaving to get better at his parents. I was totally great with that because I could not handle the stress anymore. It would be a relief.  Financially hard because it would only be me, but emotionally good for me and my daughter.    He left and moved 100 miles away with them.  His parents thought I was the bad Influence, but that could not be further from the truth.  After a year of torture they had him evicted.    Multiple hospitals and rehabs in this last year.  One day I was looking at my email and I saw divorce documents.  I had zero clue that it was possible   I signed the papers online and was happy that it was over. Sad, but relieved.   I never blocked him, and would sometimes answer his texts or calls. He would tell me about how he was fucking all of these chick's and how they were obessed  with him. Nightmare fuel. I let it go and told him that I was happy for him. He was a virgin when we were together,  so he was sowing his oats at 40 years old.   He was in a sober living home, doing really good. Working, having relationships going to meetings. All of the good thing.   Then, a woman in his group graduated and decided that she wanted to celebrate by getting wasted and inviting him to a bar when he was driving her home.  He took 2 minutes and decided that was a good idea.  That leaded up to a week of a bender with her in various seedy hotels.  He lost his job and his home at the sober living.   Now homeless...again, he reached out to me to come and stay with us until he could get back into his treatment  home. We are 400 miles away, happy and content.  My daughter loves him, and I understand that. I of course was against that idea, but I am giving and hopeful that it will help him. I work so much that I would not even see him.   He came here and all was well. They got to hangout,  I went to sleep.   Then one morning I was on a break and he had just gotten out of the shower, the smell of his soap was a weird trigger. Like it was home again. I work from home, so I was just walking into my bedroom to freshen up. He was walking out of my bedroom  at the same time and we startled  each other.     He said that he was sorry, and then moved in to hug me. We have not had any physical interactions for years now. It was like instinct and when he held me close, I melted. Then he kissed me. I do not know what came over me and I kissed him back.   That started something that I could not stop.    When I was off of work and our daughter was asleep, we were talking and kissing and it went crazy. The way that we connected was incredibly intense.  Like we were how we were decades ago. So much love, so so vulnerable.  We talked for hours and he told me that he loves me and every woman that he looks for is just me.   It all was fine for a few days. I thought that he was going to leave soon, and I knew all about his relationships. It hurt, but we are divorced now, so what even was this?   I try not to be a jealous person, but it is really difficult when he is right in front of me, saying what he is saying to me.    He left his phone in the car when we went to get gas.  I could not help it and tried his unlock code. It worked. I did nothing else but put it right back and sit and think.  It felt like I was weighing the odds of what would happen if I really looked at his phone.   Hours went by and looking at it was all I could think about. I pay for his phone because I am a weak woman that can not say no.  So I did the horrible, not grown ass woman thing and looked at it.   I mean, what was I expecting? I am so stupid.  He was of course sexting the 2 women. Sending them dick pics in my bathrooms, my own bed after sleeping and fucking me all night.   I was horrified.   So I confronted him about the pictures and admitted to looking at his phone. He was mad to say the least.  I don't blame him at all.    The worst part is that I took pictures of what he said , and what he did and then sent them to the other ladies. Such a middle school move. My rage just took over. We were so so connected and even though I would never reunite with him, I felt so violated.   He left. I was upset, but trying to move my feelings on and get on with my life.    The rehab did not bring him in like they said that they would, so he had to sleep in his car for a while. Then he told me that the girl that he is into let him sneak into her bed at night to keep him warm. She lives in her parents basement and they are super mormon. They would never allow him to be there.   I hate that he said the things that he did to me. That he loved me, that I was special. I hate that I could feel the electricity between us and I let it take me away and be in a headspace that we could try again.  I fell back in love with this mean person that just uses me. I hate that I violated a persons privacy like a child.  It feels horrible that now he lives rent free in my head and I have anxiety every day. I crave his attention when I know he is the worst person to ever be in my future.   I do not know how to cope
860	2	if anyone from the future ever came to warn us of an impending catastrophic event of our own making, we would put them In a mental hospital and ignore our saving grace. [SEP]
467	2	How can I cope with the fact that I get a little envy when I see engagement or pregnancy posts on social media? [SEP] I’m probably too ugly for either. I’m27 and battle badly with this. I’m still single and never gone past kissing. Guys rarely notice me and I wish it was me getting engaged, etc. I don’t even know if being a virgin after 25 is attractive for a lady.
427	1	I Can't Handle How Clingy my Friend Is [SEP] A friend and I got into an argument today. They were under the impression that we were really close friends, but in all honesty, I don't see them as one of my close friends. I enjoy spending time with them in doses, but this person can be a little bit unhinged and has a track record to back it up.      When they texted me, I would sometimes purposely screen their messages and calls to try and keep some distance. The only issue, and I guess unsurprisingly, was that I couldn't really maintain that distance without them wanting to become closer. Over the past few months, they've texted me to hangout every week, and beyond the fact that we're not besties, I don't have the bandwidth to spend that much time with one person. I've had to say no to them several times, making some petty excuse not to hangout.   I know this is bad, but I eventually stopped texting them back, hoping they would pick up on some of non-verbal cues to back off a little bit. And of course, that didn't work either. Whenever I didn't reply to a text, they would do a follow up with me maybe 3 days later. And if I didn't reply to a second message, they do another follow up. And another follow up, and another follow-up, and so forth. 5 follow-ups without a reply wasn't uncommon. On the one hand, I felt terrible, but on the other they made me feel like I was being backed into a corner. Finally, they asked if everything was okay. I came clean and told them that we had different expectations of our friendship. I asked for some space. I'm sure they're not feeling great at the moment and I'm feeling a bit guilty. It's really hard to tell someone who thinks you're one of their best friends that, actually, you're not.      Anyways, I also feel liberated. I'm just glad things are laid out on the table now and that I don't have to make excuses anymore.
920	1	if your smallest menu option is a medium, you don't understand the meaning of the word medium. [SEP]
797	1	The idea of wishing something by tossing coins in wells might be the biggest robbery in history. [SEP]
242	1	For people that have been through challenges in their relationships, key learnings &amp; insights? [SEP] For people that have been through challenges in their relationships  \\What's the key thing you've learned from your experience?  Specifically, what are 3 most helpful quality that would be good for both parties to have, and to develop more of?  So we understand what you mean, why should both of them have more of those qualities?  Please be as comprehensive &amp; as thought out as you can since we all know that qualities aren't understood when not explained well. Thanks!
143	1	“Money can’t change me “ convo. [SEP] [deleted]
206	3	Are you grey too? [SEP] Are you, like me at the point in your life where you seem to have faded?  Your days are a ritual of wake up, smile, cook, clean, smile some more and go to bed.   The only time people seem to interact with you is when they have a need for you. And when that need is or is not met they walk away.   When did you become the person they ask to look after their child whilst they party, instead of asking you to go with.  You've become the voice of reason, the fixer, the one that will always understand and keep your secrets till the day they die.  Then, when the need is done. Your put away, back to grey until they need you again.   You never cross people's minds for other reason than a need.   You put yourself out there, your a nice, pleasant fun person. You interact, you help, you care.  But they don't notice, you good for in the moment and that's all.   I feel grey.
996	2	The reason grandma always had that dish full of nasty candy isn’t because she limed the way it tasted, it’s because she liked the way it looked. [SEP] She never even wanted you to eat it, you selfish bastard.  It was a decoration.
606	1	Response [SEP] So the other day I saw a post about how here, we tell everyone to leave and that seems toxic. As a 37 year old DV survivor, I really took this to heart? Am I letting my last experiences cloud me? The answer is no. I have read some truly awful things this week alone where there is NO CHOICE. There was one In particular that I felt was savage ale and commented as such. People come here as a safe place. All my mama love- message me if you need
240	2	No Ambition [SEP] I feel like I have no real drive/ambition to achieve something quite substantial (dong know if that’s the right word to use). I feel content with just letting the days pass and I feel as though my phones part of me I’m on Tik Tok, Instagram and Co that much. I know there’s many in my situation. Why is it that where content with passing by, it angers me yet I feel as though I have little to no fight in me.
111	1	Self reflection [SEP] I have now just under 6 hours left of being 21 years old &amp; I can’t help but feel the need for some reflection. The last year, I’ve come some leaps and bounds in different areas of my life. Me and what I thought would be my soul mate ex broke off, I decided to drop out of Uni and reshape my career pathway and other things. The last year has been a tough, but 100% necessary journey that has changed my life going forwards in countless ways. I’ve learnt a lot about myself and definitely ready to take on life. Just wanted to share that, so here’s to 22🤩
107	1	Question to people who chose the job of their liking [SEP] I am 20 and currently a student   I am currently confused which career to choose, because I feel like I lack some sort of understanding.   I want to ask to people who chose the job that they like/love.   Is it like whenever you think about, you get pumped up and super motivated to do it that you leave all others behind   Or is it like   Over time you lose that hype and rather achieve things with discipline.     And also can one achieve somewhat big things without intense passion     Sorry if my question is too vague   I am not able to properly express out my thoughts.
770	1	If Slugworth offered Charlie Bucket $10,000 for an everlasting gobstopper, he would have had to of offered Veruca Salt something much more valuable. [SEP]
368	1	my fwb of 6 years "broke up" with me because of his new gf. I want revenge by telling her he sent me their "homemade videos". [SEP] Honestly I get why she made him choose between me or her, but that's not why I'm mad.   Me and my friend J have been friends for 6 years, and on/off fwb. We live about 200 miles away from each other, so I planned a trip to see him. I told him months in advance, booked a hotel room for a couple days, and we made plans with each other for those couple days.   After we hooked up on Friday, he tells me his girlfriend doesn't want him seeing me anymore. I had no idea he was dating a girl, and he allegedly was surprised that she was mad.   I basically wasted hundreds of dollars on the trip only for him to tell me that we can't be friends anymore.   Then I remembered that he sent me their homemade videos, and she probably has no idea now that I think about it. I'm tempted to stir up drama between them over this because i have a feeling she won't be happy.
849	1	AJ, BJ, CJ, DJ and EJ are great nicknames, but FJ, GJ, HJ and IJ sound terrible. [SEP]
203	1	Being human [SEP] Ask, who are you to everyone.  Everyone has a story,good or bad.  No one is alike, no matter the sign   Extras In Each other’s movie  Chaos is beautiful and engaging  I’m embarrassed   I’m only human
632	1	How to still live a meaningful and fulfilling life with little to no support system [SEP] My mental health has been drastically getting worst. For 27 years, memories of past social rejections (acquaintances, friends) have been emerging. The ones that hurt the most are memories of rejections from my dearest ex best friends and ex boyfriends. I think it's just really hard to continue to be at peace with myself when you don't feel you don't have any meaningful relationships to live for.  It's even hard to stay present, because as I hangout with my cousins and sisters (where I feel it's an okay relationship but not close) I keep spacing out. I have a deep deep core belief of feeling extremely unloveable.  I used to have a self-care routine that buffered my loneliness. I think finals kind of messed with my sleeping/exercise/ meditation schedule, so I think that's one reason why i've been declining.  It's like when I would have hope for a relationship, they would do something that would disappoint me. And the word 'disappoint' is actually not the best word for it exactly...  1)I was really excited to live with my friend from college initially. I thought it would help with the loneliness because we were close during college. But actually, I feel a lot worse living with him. We don't exactly have any drama per se... Yet I feel our friendship transitioned more to just sharing the same roof as housemates. I brought this up with him, he was apolegetic and was nice briefly. But things are still the same. He urged me to buy this expensive table only to never even eat together. I used to invite him to my group hangouts but stopped. Once he stopped initiating hangouts, I equalized it too. I just feel he's just so selfish.  One time I cooked for the both of us. It took a long time actually, and it was something i fitted in as im a busy grad student. He asked to help...which i then said yes. But all he did was complain. He complained at how long it took and how much dishes he had to wash (even though he literally offered to help me?) Then he said the curry was tok watery. At the end of cooking it, he said that he wanted to eat in his room?  Also when he would make food, he would urge me to try it. But when I made food, he would make excuses not to. So i stopped offering and it just felt insilting to me. And its a sad thing for me because, i loved cooking for my family and the aspect of them eating and loving the food. It was my pride and it just really crushed me a lot to constantly deal with that.  I felt extremely left out when he would invite his international friends over and asked me not to join because I didn't speak their language. I remember finishing an 8 hour event for school, and that was the first thing I went home to, being left out from that in my own home, and I remember my chest hurting immensely from that and wearing noise-cancelling headphones to block their chatter. I told him it bothered me when he did that, and he made empty promises to amend? When I went home during Christmas break (which is my favorite holiday) he planned another event inviting his friends without letting me know. When I went home, his friends were nice but the first thing he said was "oh i thought you were going to go to your parent's house and not going to come during the weekend." I actually got extremely pissed, but I of course didnt show it, I made small conversation, said i needed to just finish my final, then retreated to my room.  2)During the holidays, I decided to go to an party with old friends from college. (Which im not close to anyone there in particular except one person). My ex kept bothering me. I gave him the benefit of the doubt eventually and maybe he changed so I decided to listen to what he had to say. That night he raped me. I kept saying no but he pinned me down on the bed. This was someone I used to live with and dated for two years. Ive been severely traumitized by that during the months of November- December. And I also had to deal with my housemate leaving me out on top of that.  3)I told one of my old best friends I had a falling out with that my ex raped me. Because she was marrying his best friend, she didn't believe me and sided with him. Then was angry at me for blocking her all those years snd made the conversation about her.  4)On December, my ex somehow got my number w/o me giving it to him and texted me from two different numbers. On my birthday, he said happy birthday, then basically told me to keep quiet about what happened and told me he was uncomfortable about what I said. (Even though i basically said the truth and confronted him about what happened). My friends from that party usually greet others a happy birthday, but I was forgotten. One friend from that group reached out and said it. But i just felt so low receiving that text on my bday.  Honestly I think i'm bothered from the lack of support I have more than the rape itself.  5)I felt my partner supported me when it happened. But lately we've just been texting (which is his preferred communication) without any initation from him to meet up or call. I asserted that I prefer him to call (because ive been suffering from isolation and loneliness a lot from my living situation) and not once has he. He told me that if I wanted, i'm always invited to drive to his house. But there was no iniation on his part to go to mine (he doesnt have a car, so he commutes an hour to me) I got really frustrated because I didn't feel my needs were being met, it felt unequal and i felt more frustated talking to him than just being alone. He has major depression (takes zoloft for it) and has been distancing himself from friends in general. So i told him it's best we just have space from each other until he mustered to call or initate more with me. But just i know I deserve more than this... i know its really on him more than on me though. Idk, all i know is i think its best i just focus on myself for now.  6)my grad school friends... well everything is online. I initiated hangouts now and then and they did too when it was convienent for them. But it hasnt exactly been consistent or equal? So i decided ro equalize their effort too. Work and career is mainly prioritized over friendships... so there's that.  7)throughout my life, ive encountered a lot of bullying. I would have hope for high school, but then i would be ostracized. I had lot of betrayals from school. One best friend stopped talking to me. College actually was okay, as i did maintain some close friends (only 1-2 tho) i would have hope with grad school, but its hard to make close friends as everyone already has set friendships with others already, so it doesnt seem its their priority anymore to make new ones?  It's a lot. Honestly. I feel like i'm all on my own with all of this. It's exhausting. I'm literally hanging by a thread. I think what would help me:  1)move out and live with someone new, someone who's also a grad student similar to me... or live with friendly grad students in general. I think that would help with the loneliness.  2)this month, im seeing my close friends from undergrad and I think im ready to tell her my ex raped me.  3)my old housemate invited me to his party. Maybe ill tell him my ex raped me too, to have more social support.  4)If i dont have any plans, visit my parents and spend the night at their place. At least id have some communication.  5)slowly go back to my routine of waking up early, going to the gym, meditating, doing my hobbies  6)despite my horrible past, to still have hope and keep on living...  7)continue seeing my therapist and share these thoughts with her.  How is one to still remain happy despite encountering a life filled with negative social rejection, betrayal, and manipulation in the past? When all your frame of references are social rejections? Your positive references not there in your life anymore? Only really left with acquaintances, distant friends that you aren't comfortable being 100% vulnerable with? And now being left with not one meaningful relationship? Its all 27 years of that, and despite all of that.. I still want to find a silver lining through it all. And im still open to what's out there. If anyone has any similar experiences to me, id love to hear that....im not alone in this.
813	2	TV advertisements are a mirror of the state of mind of a country’s population. [SEP]
830	1	It's impossible to recite the lyrics of a song you know without you end up getting melodic or out right singing it [SEP]
71	1	Question about living quarters [SEP] [deleted]
139	1	Be aware of who is influencing you. Whether you consciously accept that influence or not, put in perspective its role in your life as a whole so you can actively make choices for yourself instead of them making it for you. [SEP] If someone is influencing you, whether encouraging or discouraging you from achieving something, put in perspective the role of that influence in your life as a whole, so that you can see where you still have to make choices for yourself, and then make your choices with your own mind.
631	1	My Friends are Jerks [SEP]  It’s been about a year that my friends have been treating me like crap. I get called fat and retarted almost every single day by Christian. Christian was a good friend to have up until this school year. Me and Daniel were friends for ten years and it was fine. In late 2019 it started with one little argument about a video game. After this day I was berated for having different opinions on certain things. Daniel was a fucking asshole for over a year until I decided I had enough and left the group entirely. About a month later I stupidly decided to give them one more chance. This time I was not bullied for a few days when it went back to it. I left again and again until they started going after my brothers. This time I was called the N word and a bowling ball. The term bowling ball became an insult they still use today. yea o continue they made fun of my little brothers autism to which I quit the group and told Daniel to fuck off. It is now four months after and I don’t regret it. Unfortunately I still deal with the rest of my friends who hold a grudge with me. You’re probably wondering why I still talk to them, it is because I would not have anyone if I left them. I would loose everything if I left. I’m at my breaking point with them and i feel I will snap very soon. I need to find a way stop them immediately.
540	1	I declined my accepted job offer for weed [SEP] I’m an engineering senior, and I had accepted a job offer for the summer once I graduated. I was gonna move in with my gf once we both graduate and move to Kansas City where my new job is. The job required a drug test, and one week out from when the drug test would be I gave in and smoked delta 8. I now am screwed on the drug test, and when I smoked I decided to say screw ur to my job and just find another. I justified it to myself as “I’ve got two months to find a job” and “I could find a better job that doesn’t drug test”. I’ve already started searching for new jobs, and some actually seem better, but they’re across the country.   My gf cried when I told her. My best friend sounded really disappointed in me.
600	2	I shouldn’t have accepted my promotion [SEP] I recently accepted a promotion to manager at my retail job and almost immediately regretted saying yes. My being promoted happened suddenly due to need after a manager quit. I’ve been a long time employee (nearly 5 years) and in a but of a “team lead” role for a while but I am just not suited for management. Honestly I never really wanted to be a manger in the first place. I was put on the spot and felt like I was supposed to say yes, so I did.  It’s been terrible since the first day. I feel like I am constantly letting everyone down, including my team I oversee. I have also taken on 4x the work load I was pulling before, and I was already doing the majority of work between my coworkers.  Since I took over my team has consistently been under preforming and behind schedule, and it doesn’t matter how hard I try or work nothing changes. I just don’t have the personality to push people to do more or say something to them about how they’re not moving fast enough. Even when I do take people aside and talk with them, there are no changes. I hate the conflict and confrontation. I hate being the person people come to for directions and I hate having to make important decisions about how things are done.   I am overwhelmed, I am stressed out, and for the first time I wake up every day and dread going in to work. I have cried basically everyday for the past few weeks over how much I hate it. I just want to quit but that makes me even more of a failure. I keep thinking I can’t do it and that I shouldn’t be, the thought plays through my head my entire shift. The raise is not worth it, the full time hours are not worth it. I feel like I am drowning.   Oh yeah, it doesn’t help any at all that I found out that I am pregnant a couple weeks after accepting the role. So in a few months I will more than likely be unable to preform the tasks I have to for my position. Just another way I will disappoint everyone. I just can’t handle it all, the promotion and the pregnancy all happening at the same time. I think I’m going to quit. I thought about asking to be demoted but I’ve been at this job for long enough it’s time to just move to a different company and different position entirely.  People keep telling me its the hormones but I know its not, I was thinking before the promotion it was time I should start looking for new opportunities elsewhere. Hating my new role is just pushing me even harder towards quitting.
460	1	If my mum will not see my son grow up neither will my father. I truly believe that he killed her. [SEP]     There is a lot to unpack on this one, if I wanted this could be one of those long and traumatic stories on Reddit with many, many chapters, but I am going to keep it simple. My mum and my dad were married for 40 years, for the last 2 years my mum had been fighting cancer (and was winning as far as the doctors could tell), and 3 months before the last surgery we found out that my dad had been cheating with several women.  My mum loved my dad so much. For example, She was stressed not because of chemo or because she could die, no, her biggest concern was losing her hair because she felt that my dad would not like her anymore. She did everything for him. She stayed with him through thick and thin, financial losses (his fault), family deaths, illness, career changes (he decided to go back to university many times). She loved him enough to be there for him, always.   So, imagine the heartbreak when we found out that my dad had been cheating on her during the only time in her life when she truly needed him on her corner. He broke her heart to pieces and she gave up. Up until that point she had been a trouper, doctors were very happy with how the treatment was going but kept repeating that to beat cancer you need to be mentally strong. My mum was the strongest (think Maggie Smith in Downton Abbey), she was a badass. Those three months between finding out about his betrayal and what was supposed to be the last surgery to take out all of the tumors, the tumors grew and took over her body. We went from having many, many years ahead of us to having 6 to 12 months if everything went fine.   Here is the catch, during those three months I got pregnant and I found out the day of my mum’s surgery. She was so happy! But the damage had been done. We used the time we had together wisely. She died when I was 8 months pregnant.  My dad stopped talking to me the day he left our home and never tried to communicate with me up until the day I gave birth to my son. He never wrote, called, or asked about me during that time, not even to find out how I was after his partner of 40 years died. He ghosted us until the time I had something he wanted. I told him to kick rocks. Now, my family is telling me not to be so hard. To try to eventually forgive him since my child might one day want to get to know his grandfather.  The truth is that that will never happen as long as I can control it. If my mum does not get to see my son grow up neither will he. He broke her will to live, her will to fight, he took my mother away from me and did not even stay to check if I had survived. No, he has no right over my son. That is the justice I can give my mum, the only way to find balance again.     If my mum will not see my son grow up neither will my father. I truly believe that he killed her.
181	1	what are condoms [SEP] what are condoms
579	2	My [26F] eating disorder is ruining my life [SEP] I have had an ED since college. Started over-exercising and restricting. I am a bit better with food now. I don’t restrict as much as I used to but still feel guilty after eating.   The exercising hasn’t stopped. Lately, though, I have been doing home workouts because I can’t afford a gym membership. There is this girl I follow for workouts and her body is incredible. She is so strong and can do an entire 45 min HIIT workout without taking breaks.   I recently went on her social medias and she shows off her body as much as she can (I would too if I looked like her) and makes videos about what she eats in a day. I looked at those pics and videos last week and they are still bothering me. I want so badly to look like her. She has such a small amount of body fat and her muscles are visible. No matter how much protein I’ve eaten and healthy eating/weightlifting I’ve done, I have never looked like that.   I eat healthy and I’m not fat. But my ED thinks I am. I go to counseling but it is only once a month and it isn’t completely helping. I don’t need any advice I guess. I just needed to vent to someone.
272	1	Life [SEP] I have found that if you love life, life will love you back.
484	2	I am thinking about suicide [SEP] It a bunch of things that took me where i am. I feel ashamed. But that is the true. I am at the point that suicide is becoming a very real scenario, but i think about my father and my sister, the suffering they will go trought an i just cant do it. I know my issues compared to issues of people in wars, or living in poverty for example are insignificant and that makes me feel more defeated.   My grandmother suffered a stroke while living with my mom, they lived in another city, it was not possible for me to see her. At the time my mother told me that they went to the hospital and my grandmother was released to stay at home. To make the story short, my grandmother passed away a week later, i found out my mother lied about going to the hospital and left my grandmother agonizing for a week until death. My grandmother felt with her head to the floor due the stroke. She was in pain for a week and died. And i couldnt realise what was going on in time to try to do something to help her. My mother lied to me, and my grandmother died in pain.  Now i have this condition, were doctors think is a rare genetic disease, that affects my muscles, mainly after exercising. They cannot give a diagnostic and told me they probably will never be able to determine for sure the diaease. It is untretable. I did a genetic panel, that returned inconclusive. They did found a mutation but they cannot say this mutation causes my condition. It is frustrating. I was perfectly healthy, did a lot of exercising when younger. Now this curse. I cannot practice any sports anymore. I am getting fat and weaker every week. I wonder what will happens with my muscles getting older. I fear that i will get weak, wont be able to walk. I know its my fears speaking loud but i cannot take this out of my head.  I live alone, i try to dont tell my father and sister about this issues because they deal with their own issues but it is hard, i feel very lonely, ive been fighting these issues i wrote along with other issues from the past, and i just cant free myself from disbelief that things will get better. I feel defeated, tired, lonely, just like a zombie. The fight seems to not worth anymore. Ive been trying to focus on work, things i like to do but this later days have been hard to find the motivation.
504	3	Sometimes I wonder if I put that pistol to my head.. [SEP] I wonder if my problems will go away when I’m dead?  But then I think about my passions, my family and my friends.  And I just smoke another joint instead..
285	1	I’m needing a bit of life advise [SEP] I recently graduated college and moved  a few hours from home for work experience but have a move with friends to our dream city. Applying at jobs and looking at apartments with friends makes me so excited but I can’t help but feel guilt leaving my family behind. My dad has been sick all my life and lately seems like he’s been even more sick and I feel really sad leaving and feel like I should move back home. He tells me he doesn’t want to cut my wings but I feel I’m in between feelings. I’m 22f
475	1	I haven’t seen her in almost two years and still miss her . Also have nightmares of walking on her banging another guy [SEP] Is this ptsd
781	2	Even though they’re the most obvious place to find dead people, graveyards are probably one of the unlikeliest places to die [SEP]
281	1	Help with gas money? [SEP] [deleted]
759	1	People living in warm climates must be rather helpless if they find themselves on a slippery surface. [SEP]
574	1	I told my unemployed sister that she needs to get her life together [SEP]   My sister’s been unemployed for 2 years. Unfortunately she got laid off at the start of the pandemic. At that point my parents and sometimes my grandparents swooped in and basically gave her a more than generous amount of spending money per month, on top of covering her expenses.  What ended up happening was she has yet to make an attempt to find work. Instead she goes on trips to see friends and seems to be just blowing cash. My mom has told me that she wishes my sister would look for a job but, this is a mess my parents created.  To make matters much worse, she’s put on nearly 100 pounds because she just doesn’t do a lot of anything and she has the money and time to constantly eat. It’s getting to a point where she’s popping buttons and busting clasps. It’s sad.  I was over at my sister’s place and she was telling me how annoyed she was that our mom asked her if she’d seen any job postings on LinkedIn. She feels like she’s being rushed and wishes they’d let her find the “ right fit”  I told her that not only does it seem like she doesn’t make much effort at all to nail down a job but it seems like she’s just given up and made her life solely about indulgence.  She was started yelling at my, mad that I wasn’t on “ her side”. I told her that I don’t think anyone is asking too much by asking her to at least job search and get the weight in check. She says that her family is now “ against her” and says that she wants to go no contact from all of us.
713	2	Someone could probably eat a large percentage of themselves if their body parts were being slowly removed under medical supervision. [SEP]
300	1	Im a chronic liar [SEP] I've been a chronic liar my whole life but just now i started to notice the lies ive told. I've lied so much that i lie about the most simplest things and complex things for no reason, it doesn't benefit me. And I've lied so much that sometimes i lie and don't even notice, like sometimes i believe me own lies. Ps. I tried my hardest not to tell a single lie in this.
114	2	Do your actions validate your self-worth? [SEP] I feel like I haven't gotten anywhere with my life based on my choices, actions and lifestyle and because of that I feel like my life has no real sense of value.  I'm looking for a job and I feel like when/if I do get one that will provide some validity and purpose to my life, but will it actually?  Is it possible to know if my life is worth value without using my past actions and current lifestyle to justify it?
373	2	Just found out I can’t have kids [SEP] I am 28F and hubby is 32M  I had surgery today and just found out my tubes are not okay. There is scar tissue and they are stuck to it. My husband wanted kids so bad and I’m now sad that he will resent me in future. I feel like a failure especially since his family wanted a grandkid but never pushed or asked (we are all super close and I love them) My hubby has one sister 25 and she will likely not have kids out of choice. I feel sad for my hubby and his parents. I am okay with no kids but I just feel horrible for them. It’s unfair to my husband. He says he is fine with it and loves me forever and nothing will change but I can’t help but worry for him and me too.
619	2	My non-biological step brother preys on me sexually and has taken advantage of me before [SEP] I’m just so disgusted and repulsed by what he’s done and I really need some opinions/ support. I haven’t told anyone.  So my mom lives with my aunt and that’s the house where my family lives minus Dad. (My aunt is almost like a third parent because my mom was often absent) I’m pretty close with everyone in the house too so there’s my aunts girlfriend, her daughter and son, my cousin (who’s basically like my sister), and now my “step brother” has moved in for a bit. I’m gonna refer to him as Dan.   Since my aunts gay, my cousin has two moms. Her other mom married Dan’s dad years ago. My cousin and Dan always got along as family so naturally I viewed him the same way as my cousin did, as a step brother. He’s known us since we were 9/10 and was always fun and cool to hang with. Keep in mind he’s significantly older, like in his mid 30s so a full adult man.  Dan met my aunt and they got along really well. He kinda made his way into my family through my cousin. Fast forward now I’m 18 and the oldest of my siblings. Dan would go on family vacations with us, get us drinks, pay for our stuff, take us cool places, and was an overall caring and good brother so I thought. He had everyone including my overprotective aunt, mom, aunts girlfriend, and even my dad fooled.   He even moved into my aunts house, IN MY ROOM, because I didn’t stay over there much and he needed a place. (I stay with my Dad). It’s basically like his room now and my aunt talked to me about it to make sure I was ok, but he hadn’t done anything yet and again I didn’t stay there much so how could I have said no?  Since I considered him a brother, me and him would hang out sometimes alone and nothing weird ever happened. He hung out with my cousin and other siblings a lot too, most times we would all hang out together. But a couple months after I turned 18 we hung out and went to drink while playing chess. As the night progressed we both got drunker and he even drove us to hard rock and then a baseball field. He had tequila in his car too so we were just getting wasted, and running around the empty field. He was getting way too touchy with me and kissed me. I was so drunk so I wasn’t thinking str8 and we made out and he would push his body against mine. He was clearly hard and wanted to “eat me out in the backseat” but I said no cuz I was on my period which wasn’t a total lie.  Even driving me home he would just stare at me creepily and tell me I was beautiful and stuff and I was just over it. The next time we hung out I was bored and lonely and was hoping my cousin would come, but she didn’t and he took me to the fair. Payed for everything and it was all fine til he started coming on to me. He kept trying to kiss me and put my face and body to his and I was just so uncomfortable but I didn’t know what to do. I just went with it and tried to stop as much as I could but he was persistent on kissing me and hugging me and being gross. I could feel people staring cause we were in line and he was all over me. It was just humiliating and terrible and he wouldn’t stop or back off enough.   Eventually my friend picked me up and I left but it was a horrible experience. All those girls judging me and staring while they probably have no clue I wasn’t ok with what was happening. I should’ve been bolder maybe but I’ve always been a submissive person in the face of authoritative males, and I didn’t wanna rock the boat. After that night I told him that stuff wasn’t ok and he had to stop and I cut it off there.   Now, whenever we’re alone he always tries to persuade me into kissing or talk about what happened. Literally tries to change my mind and get me to agree to do stuff. And I’m repulsed by him now so I’ve been very firm in my ‘No.’ I try to avoid being alone with him but sometimes I don’t have a choice. For example I had to drive 8 hours with only him and me because I wanted to attend my cousins weightlifting championship. On that ride he tried again saying “I really wanna kiss you right now” “why not” “but it’s a good idea” and I had to shut it down again.   Even recently we went out drinking and I would have to put physical distance between us so he didn’t try to kiss me or put his arm around my waist cause I hate it when he does that. He tried to make bets for a kiss and asked again and it’s just getting exhausting. I wanted to just hang out normally like we did before any of this cause I have a good time besides the fact I’m 18F being preyed upon the whole night by my step brother in his mid 30’s.   It’s honestly just so disgusting and repulsive and I’m getting to the point where I don’t know if he’ll stop trying to advance on me. Because if it continues like this I can’t keep pretending everythings fine. No one in my family knows and it would absolutely break everyone’s hearts. It would tear the family apart maybe. Because everyone in my family trusts this man and considered him apart of it.   I know what he did isn’t right, and because of my young age and the fact he knew me since I was a little kid I also feel I could’ve been groomed. I do know that I was sexually assaulted by him, probably on multiple accounts. I haven’t really processed it all yet tho, and I honestly don’t know how to. But it’s weighing on me, I’ve been using drugs more, and just feeling overall on edge and unsafe in public.   And I also don’t know how I could ever tell my family, if I ever do but at this point I feel like I might have to eventually for my own health. Thanks for listening again feel free to leave some advice/ support.
168	1	Learning of this Year 2021 [SEP] Let’s share 🤗🌸
487	1	I am so fucking bored. [SEP] Ahhhhhhhhh!!!   Thats it.  Thank you for reading.   :)
581	2	it’s the hypocrisy for me [SEP] -when a woman terminates fetus on her own term-  men: bad bad bad 🤬  -when a man forces a woman to have one, or fetus is terminated for being female- men: I suddenly can’t see 😑
179	1	Spiritual Groupchat that you can join! I attached screenshots. We discuss everything spiritual. Manifestation, Ego/Soul, Ying Yang, Astral Projection, Numerology, Crystals, the understanding of life from a philosophical view, and much more. [SEP] https://gyazo.com/ce7a76204a9a77e5412358e4a1d927b7  Message me if interested. We are trying to expand our community !
881	2	If we are all one, doing anything for anyone is selfish. [SEP]
341	1	I feel so alone in my relationship [SEP] I’ve been with my bug (nickname I call him) for almost 4 years now and I love him so much, but I feel so alone while in this relationship. I know we both have busy schedules and own own lives, but fuck I honestly feel alone. Texting is minimal. I see him at the gym almost every other day but we’re both working out not really spending time together and we have every other weekend together bc he has a son. I don’t feel like I can just call him and he’ll answer. I don’t feel like he ever understands where I’m coming from during arguments. A relationship should feel like you have a partner and like you’re never alone. Unfortunately, that’s not my case. But I love him so much
408	1	I can’t stop thinking about my husband saying that fantasizing about other women isn’t cheating [SEP] My husband (45m) and I (44f) have been married for 12 years. Two weeks ago, I found my husband’s porn folder in his laptop. I was so confused and it made me insecure knowing that he’s looking at other women and saving their photos and, you know, maybe masturbating while looking at them. There were a lot of photos of this certain woman that he is working with—normal photos like her face, her Instagram or Facebook account photos, stuff like that. There were also other porn videos and other random women in that folder.  Now, it’s okay for me if he looks and masturbates while watching porn. Our sex life is pretty much down and whenever I try to initiate he tells me he’s tired or he has excuses like he’s gonna fix this and that in the house so I try to be understanding. But seeing those photos with porn videos as if he’s imaging his co-worker’s face in those videos broke my heart. I asked if he’s cheating and he said no. I asked him why that woman’s photos were all over that folder and he said he just saves it and likes to see it. It was weird. He said that looking at those photos isn’t cheating. But, you know, he fantasizes with her and gets hard and saves those photos in his porn file. The issue has died down and we’re back to normal but it has been bothering me ever since.  I pretty much didn’t believe him much about his reasons but for the “peace” of the household, I’m setting my emotions aside. But it’s kind of eating me away since I found out about it. I haven’t told anyone about this, I was gonna ask my friends and family but my husband is a proud man and I don’t want to sort of lower his reputation. So, I’m just letting it out here.  Thank you for reading.
476	2	Fuck Time [SEP] Who needs that shit anyway.
924	1	Sleep is the human version of a loading screen. [SEP]
796	1	counting up to 10 in most languages sound phonetically similar [SEP]
594	1	I stuff my feelings to the point that I rarely open up to people, even those I’m close with [SEP]  I don’t know why, but I’ve always been a very private person.. and I know, everyone is private about things and everyone has something they usually don’t like to talk about, but for me that’s most of my issues, if not all of them.   This has always been an issue of mine, and it doesn’t seem to even stem from any huge trauma or event in my life (unless my brain is deciding to not remember) and I hate it. People have always urged me to open up to them, usually in a kind, non-aggressive way, simply cause that’s a big sign of a relationship being healthy and trustworthy. And I agree. I hate how I’m not able to open up to people, especially people I’m close with. That’s something most people are able to do in any kind of close relationship, and I truly envy them. But I love being there for others and being their listener. I’ve just never been comfortable enough to have one in my life.   I tend to stuff many of my emotions and that could be a contributor to this issue, but it’s just always been the best way to go about it to me. I could never go out, become friends with someone and end up sharing everything going on in my life not soon after. I’m just not like that. And I know it’s something that I could potentially just go out and change but I’ve had many scenarios where I was given the chance and I hesitated to the point that I just ended up not sharing much. I just hate this part about me and I genuinely don’t know what to do. There’s nothing wrong with being a private person or an open person, I’ve just gotten to the point that I hate how much I stuff and hide my life from others.   Sorry for this rant, and I know it is nothing compared to what many others say on this subreddit, but I truly did need to get this off my chest.
575	2	I want to kill myself or have someone do it for me [SEP] I’ve tried before, ended up in the psych ward two separate times. Any of you can peruse my reddit posts to get a general gist of what has happened in my life as of “recent”. There’s much more to it, don’t get me wrong. I’m going to trauma dump everything to explain why killing myself is the valid option. I have been poor since birth. Never had my dad and my mom is bipolar and has major depression. Due to her neglect, I have a wide variety of disorders and incapabilities of doing basic things. As of last year she fully abandoned me at age 16-17 after caving into alcoholism that had been ongoing for a year or two. She’s been in and out of jail and I haven’t seen her since. I’ve been stuck in abusive households since and my most recent situation was my grandma and her roommates apartment which was like a hoarder house. They were always cracked out on drugs and I missed school frequently due to them being unable to take me. That’s just a general gist of that but it gets much worse. A few months ago I got raped and my self esteem was finally destroyed. I got diagnosed wirh major depressive disorder 3 years ago. In regards to me telling you to read my reddit posts, that girlfriend I mentioned dumped me. After talking about going on a date with a new guy she met (shes poly) we had an emotional breakdown together at a barnes and noble. Her and her mom proceeded to ditch me there. I walked 2 hours due to ubers costing over 50 during rush hour. I had 3 remaining and finally caved in after starting a manic breakdown. She proceeded to ignore me as I became manic because she had to “get ready for her date”. When I got home, I was planning on cutting myself. I spam called her in the hopes that I could somehow get her to talk me out of it. She didn’t. She was busy with this guy, god knows doing what. She calls me later after I tell her what I did. I cut myself all over my chest and nearly fainted from how much blood I lost. They frantically apologized and promised they would ghost him. I didn’t cut myself over that, but whatever. I check their phone the next morning and they lied. They’d been flirting romantically ever since I cut myself. I got upset over it and that was when they dumped me. They got me admitted to the psych ward because I left school. In the ward, I was 18 now so I could call (this was 3-4 weeks ago) and she was telling me that they were still my best friend and that I was their priority forever. We’d still go to this concert, still go to prom together etc. The next day she forgets to hang up when I called and they talked shit about me to their mom. They talked about how I should stop calling after. I told them I was still there and they just said “sorry”. The next day I called again and they told me they loved me. I asked later if they meant that, if they meant everything before too about being best friends. She said “not really”. After getting out, she has been consistently cutting contact with me just to eventually talk to me in person all friendly and happy. Rinse and repeat. She has me blocked on everything but instagram but has told me that she doesn’t want me to talk to her and that we will be nothing more than school acquaintances. But then she acts like I’m their best friend in school. I am doing terrible in school currently. I am 6 weeks behind my virtual course, and now failing 2 of my AP / Dual enrollment classes because I have missed so much and cannot understand what we are learning. I am tormented nightly of dreams about my ex that eventually lead to a compilation of all the abuse from my mom, all the days i went without eating, me being raped that day, me being abandoned, everything. There’s so much more. I haven’t been able to sleep. I always wake up. I have no self esteem. I am fairly attractive, but I am high on the autism spectrum. I try to be funny and weird and unique but for some reason I’m still boring to people. Some people say I’m the funniest person they know but here I am. I’m a class clown but no one likes talking to me in an intelligible conversation. I hate myself. I have no skills. All of my friends are essentially non existent in my life. I’ve been happy the past year or two because my ex was there for me and gave me “love” that I had never felt from anyone else. I am a draining person to be around. No one cares about my trauma. No one ever will. It was all my fault. Bad things and unlucky things happen to me almost daily. Everything that happens is my fault. Me being raped was my fault, I shouldn’t have gotten in the car. Etc, etc. I have nothing worth noting about myself. Nothing to love. Everything in life always bores me within minutes. I can’t enjoy games or TV shows anymore or movies or trying new hobbies or playing my favorite instrument. Nothing means anything to me. I cut myself almost every day. Even though I live my life being as nice as possible, doing kind things for people I still have no closure. Even though I’m a man, I get along with women / queer people (I’m bi, and go by he/they I am allowed to use queer I believe) far better than just normal men. Even then, I don’t have many friends. People try to stop me from dying because they’ll feel guilt. They say they care, but, what would truly change in anyones life if I were to just… die? Nothing. That is the answer. Everyone has always abandoned or forgotten about me, it will stay that way. With everything that has happened in my life, there is no reason. Even now, I’m confident I will get no traction with this post. Maybe 2 replies? I don’t even know why I’m here. One last ditch effort. I won’t kill myself now but I don’t have a reason not to when Imm ready
871	1	Technically, we're all full of ourselves [SEP]
239	1	Human power just think about it [SEP] Just think about it...a human shouldn’t have power over another human. If we are all the same why does one human have more power than another. We all bleed the same...so WHY just WHY does one human have more power than another?
43	3	Reality is a dream [SEP] Reality is a dream that we try to understand through stories we make up and tell ourselves. But In the end, none of the stories are true. They are just made up nonsense, like a language. A language is just random noises that have no real meaning, but we attribute meaning to the noises and use the noises to communicate truth. So when it comes to belief and understanding, it’s not about whether it’s right or wrong. Instead, it’s about how effective it is at leading us to truth. There are many truths too. So choose beliefs that lead to desirable truths as opposed to non desirable truths. For example, a desirable truth is a truth that is accepting of other perspectives. A non desirable truth is one that can only be right if everyone else is wrong. Choose beliefs that lead towards a desired reality
657	1	Don’t sell yourself short - Freediving [SEP] I’m a freediving (diving on single breath) instructor in Florida and I hear people say they could never do that. They immediately count themselves out and it bums me out. Freediving is literally for everyone. Your body is designed to dive safely on a single breath, it’s written in our dna 🧬. It doesn’t matter if someone has never touched the water before, we all have the mammalian dive reflex (mdr). Our MDR is the same processes that allow whales, dolphins, seals…(you get the point) to dive so damn deep. The number one reason people say they can’t Freedive is either “I don’t have big lungs” or “I smoke or have smoked”. I myself am former smoker. Some of the best freedivers in the world smoke and dive over 100m. We have even taught someone who was paraplegic to freedive.  He was able to hold his breath for over 3 minutes at 45 feet. Obviously we assisted him on the way down and up but he still did it. There are also so many mental and physical health benefits. You can all freedive and it bums me out that people don’t believe in themselves enough to try it. DISCLAIMER: PLEASE DO NOT PRACTICE BREATH HOLDING ALONE. NEVER DIVE ALONE. PLEASE TAKE A CERTIFICATION COURSE WITH A TRAINED PROFESSIONAL SO YOU CAN LEARN TO DIVE SAFELY.
14	1	Do you ever just [SEP] Realize all the possibilities of life and get so excited and overwhelmed but happy   I’m not at all good with wording too much but there’s probably a word for this feeling 🤔
968	1	Since the Earth is the third planet away from the Sun, then technically all the countries on it are third world countries. [SEP]
352	2	I’m always scared to have sex because I hate people seeing my body [SEP] I’ve always hated my body for many reasons - my most hated features are my small boobs and stretch marks. People try to comfort me by saying things like “guys love small boobs” “everyone has stretch marks” etc, but I’ve had issues with these for over 10 years and didn’t do anything about them because I’ve tried accepting them. All this time I’ve avoided swimsuits or any clothes that reveal my back and accentuate my boobs. I just started dating a guy and I’m scared that he’ll want to have sex next and I’m too embarrassed to tell or show him.
747	1	The auto regulators of the orange circle page behave as monkeys, which leads to non-logical barriers to entry and loss of spontaneous publications [SEP]
218	1	LPT: if you go to "freshen up" before getting intimate you should also brush your teeth if it's convenient. [SEP] And don't just wash your junk in the sink, you animal.
393	2	Feeling low. Please help. 😔 [SEP] I(M17) have been feeling quite low lately. It happens more often than it used to be.  I recently was cheated on by a girl, who flirted w me, made me feel special, had me do her assignments, hugged me and well proceeded to ghost me a week before my birthday without no reason. I can't get my mind to study(this is academically the most important year of my life). I am having shitty grades. I can't focus on playing guitar(used to be my favourite hobby).  I have changed school and have no friends over here and I talk rarely to all my existing friends and I can't seem to make new friends. I feel very lonely. I have started to workout and that's the only positivity I get from my day but it always ends with me questioning myself if I am good enough. I have no one to talk to about it.  I tell myself that it's okay to have unproductive days once in a while but the guilt and anxiety keeps piling up on me.  I really want to start feeling good about myself, I dont know what to do.  Everyday I have to wake up to an unmotivated lifestyle and it's killing me.
296	1	How to become excited/energetic about life again? [SEP] I used to be super high energy and ambitious - always giving 110% at work and in my personal life and relationships. I felt like I was riding this wave where everything was happening for me. But now, I feel like in the past year and a half I’ve become such a grouch. I lack motivation at work, at home, and in my relationships. I guess maybe this is what it feels like to be in a rut? I’m not sure how to get out of this “blah” feeling
528	1	I think I'm an asshole [SEP] most of the people in my family think I'm an asshole, and I used to not see it but it's obvious now. I can never really talk about serious things and most of my humour comes at the expense at other people. Don't believe me? You can probably just look at my account for a few seconds and find a comment by an obvious asshole. I'm not sure if that makes me a bad person though.
437	1	I just don't get how so many people make so much money. [SEP] I visited a friend in another state and just drove around gawking at how many pretty expensive houses there were.    And I'm not talking just about the million dollar homes, although that drives my point home even more.  But the 400-500k homes in a city where 150k would get you a modest home just 7-8ish years ago.    It blows my mind.  500k house, 2 cars parked out front that are fairly new.  The home owners probably have hobbies, they have toys/electronics/expensive things.  They probably go on road trips or vacations.  Eat at sit down restaurants.  Maybe even have kids.    I just don't get it.  There are these people who look like they're in their 30's living in those homes.  I'm almost 30 and life just hasn't worked out for me.  I've never owned a home.  Never could afford to rent a house, just an apartment with roommates.  I drive a 3500 dollar civic that I bought a few years ago.  I almost never eat out at a sit down restaurant.    All I can afford to do is live paycheck to paycheck, eating food off the fast food dollar menu, or rice/beans or ramen.  Sit at home playing my most expensive possession, my xbox because I can't afford to do anything else.    I can't afford to do shit.  I can't afford to save more than a hundred bucks or so a month, if that.    I don't get it.  Last I googled, the median income in the US is like 35-40k-ish.  So most people are living like me?  Where are all these rich people who own single family homes?  The ones that own 150k mercedes sprinter camper vans.  The ones that hit the lake every weekend with their 50k wake boat.  The ones that have 30k in a firearms collection?  How the hell do these people afford this?  How
432	2	For many, gender/sexuality has become a trend and it bothers me [SEP] I say this with the utmost respect for those who truly feel as strongly as they do about it. I feel as it's become more widely accepted that many are coming out as certain genders/sexualities because it's trendy. Again, in no way am I saying that some people truly do feel like they don't belong in the body they were born in, but I feel as though so many, especially teens and young adults, have started identifying as ridiculous things just to get social media attention or praise from their friends/family, and it really hurts those who are actually struggling with these issues. For instance, a friend showed me a TikTok video where this woman identified as a cat-dog, which IS ridiculous. It has gathered many likes, shares, and support, and I really do feel that acceptance of basically ANYTHING is harmful to the community. This sort of stuff, for obvious reasons, makes those who don't understand/accept the movement much less likely to even consider changing their views. I'm 100% on board with acceptance but certain people are so focused on making everyone feel accepted, they're willing to humor virtually anything a person could say. We have to draw a line somewhere because if we don't, a large portion of the population will never be willing to change their minds.
222	1	What is power [SEP] So last night before sleeping I asked myself 3 questions and came up with answers. I would like to ask you all the same bc curious for your answers.  1. What is power 2. What is happines 3. What is pain   I won't tell you my answers for as now bc I don't want to influence your answer in any way, but my answer were pretty short, but make it as long or short as you want.  Thanks 😁
22	2	I feel so stuck. I left one full time job in sales making great money because I was miserable. I got a new job in finance also making great money, great atmosphere, great people, etc but after 6 months I feel miserable yet again. [SEP] Wake up, work, sleep, eat, repeat until I retire. Feeling very hopeless
900	1	batman actually suits Matt Murdock and daredevil for Bruce Wayne [SEP]
783	2	You could easily go the rest of your life without eating anything. [SEP]
495	1	I like artists [SEP] Be it of any kind, playing instruments, drawing, sculpting, designing,  etc.  Idk why tbh, I'm just so down bad.
741	1	Drugs make the world go flat. [SEP]
918	1	Freshwater fish/shellfish aren’t technically seafood. [SEP]
70	1	Today i decided to forgive you. Not because you apologized or because you acknowledged the pain that you caused me. But for me, my soul deserves peace. [SEP] I hope your life gets where you want it to be!
891	1	At some point in the future racing games will have a category for cars that make noise when running (i.e. not electric) [SEP]
98	1	I used to work at Ferrari. This is a little story from my life. [SEP] Dear everybody. This is a little story from my own life. I used to work for a local Ferrari dealership when i was 18 years old until 21. It was the absolute best time of my life. So i wrote a little story about it. Hope It's okay I post.  [https://www.cnvestment.com/2020/08/09/working-for-ferrari/](https://www.cnvestment.com/2020/08/09/working-for-ferrari/)  Hope my life story can help inspire you guys to come closer to the dream and passion of whatever you want. :D
970	1	Cheats in video games were better when they were simply codes to be entered and not something you have to pay for. [SEP]
665	1	It's funny how my very Christian mom hates on me and says I'm a "satanist" because I'm Buddhist, but she won't take me to a Christian chruch [SEP] This happened years ago btw, it's another memory I can't seem to forget about, I'm sure everyone understands. My mom is a hardcore Christian, I was atheist then became Buddhist after many serious personal situations happened in my life and my mom shamed me and hated on me calling me a satanist because I'm "not worshipping the father, son and holy spirit." When I was atheist she'd yell at me that I'll be damned to hell where I belonged then when I told her I'm Buddhist she began saying that I'll "see God's light one day" in a rude "haha I'm right" tone, but when I found a Christian church I absolutely loooooved going to, I'd sing choir and actually worship there, she wouldn't take me to that church because she couldn't get off her lazy ass (I have a disability that makes driving very dangerous, so I still have to rely on others to take me places) Everyone's a hypocrite, but damn, how much of a hypocrite can you be? She said she'd "do anything" to make me 100% Christian which made the pot boil over for me. I'm over thinking about it now, because she's still passive aggressive about me not being Christian enough and I felt like I just needed to let this out finally. I usually suffer in silence, I can handle almost anything after my past, becoming Buddhist kept me from suicidal even homicidal actions, it helped me find total peace and I found my will to live, but apparently that's not good enough for a crazy Christian parent, and note, she was the "hate harry potter because it's satanic" Christian parent. I know how to accept and respect anyone's choices from sexuality to religion, their life their choice, and tbh, aren't Christians supposed to be you know, loving? Forgiving? At least I knocked some sense into her after I broke down about what I would've done if I didn't go Buddhist. Tbh because of my mom me and my sister have to keep it a secret that she's Muslim and my mom is very, VERY hating towards Muslims. It's a sad and cruel world.
103	1	Life to you [SEP] As the title say, what is life to you? In the sense that what is the meaning that you have in your life that you're living or living to achive that.   I am kinda lost right now for what one would find energi to live for, to take the harsh times for.   Thanks in advance.
852	1	You are (probably) using a debive that has at least two cameras, a microphone, a capacitive screen, an audio connection to many people you've met/known, and a connection to the world's collective information. [SEP]
256	1	Should you be “guilt-tripped” because you enjoy hobbies that aren’t popular? [SEP] I feel like this is gonna hit home for a lot of people, but I’ve never been interested at all in sports or hunting. I’ve always enjoyed games, anime, and comics. When people learn this about me, the knee-jerk reaction is usually an immediate shun. It feels like a complete rejection of my existence. Everyone wants to be the cool guy/girl and impress others but no one wants to be genuine to what they actually like?
719	2	People often take selfies in secret. Yet post the photo on social media for all to see. [SEP]
823	1	Technically, everything is solar powered. [SEP]
941	2	You're alive because you never made the bad decision that would have killed you [SEP]
57	3	You know what is crazy? [SEP] You know what is crazy?  You can be surrounded by people your entire  life but ultimately you are on this voyage alone.   Just slowly decaying in your meat suit vessel,  trying to figure out why the f*** we are here and what the f*** our purpose is in this life.  Merry X-mas eve!
678	1	When you realize that ‘the great gatsby’ could just be a thing from inception we have never been shown to [SEP]
361	2	Where can an adult have some fun doing a physical activity? [SEP] Dude. I want to roller skate, rock climb, and jump on trampolines and not worry about squishing kiddos.     There isn't anything to do around here in town... and it sort of shocks me that stuff like that isn't a priority for functional adults. Like- *why?*   Why does everyone over 25 seem to think physical activity is a kid thing? That the only option after 30 is either drinking or hiking?     Fuck me people suck fucks.
108	1	How often do you men cry ? [SEP] It used to to be never for me when I was in my teens . As I became an adult once I got into a serious relationship I cry every 6 mo or so , because of the Rollercoaster of being up and down in a relationship.  I'm a grown ass man I'm 25 years old . Does getting older male it easier to cry because we look at the things on a deeper level ,especially with what we are experiencing as adults ?
40	1	I started a blog [SEP] Ive wanted to start a blog for a long time and I finally did it it's just about the events of my life and things so if your interested in learning about the life of a homeless guy please see my page at r/homelessguy
161	1	Consequences [SEP] Looking for folks to share "consequences" of one's actions, and how it relates to the Life and complimentary to this sub.  Those interested join at r/Consequences.
899	1	Your Pets probably perceive you feeding them an hour early or an hour late as you being Generous or Inattentive. [SEP]
375	2	I have anxiety and WW3 brinksmanship not helping, holding off learning new career building skills until I feel like there’s a future. [SEP] I’m a former essential worker who left his underpaid stressful (but still rewarding in many ways, so it wasn’t all bad) job to find a better career and have had moderate but not great success so I’m trying to build my skills even further. I was scheduled to start coursework on some technical skills in about a week but at this point the news is dragging me down so much I am thinking about holding off until I see whether there’s a point or not. And no I’m not suicidal or depressed even though I find the world to be a dystopian wasteland of dating apps, toxic behavior climate change and senseless war. So I do plan on do things that are good for me like reading, film classes, volunteering, coffee houses, exercising (because it feels good and makes me appreciate myself) and drinking good coffee, spending time with my platonic friends. But between being single and getting exhausted of navigating a toxic environment, the news, a recent rejection and not sure if the world is on its last days I’m going to hold off investing in a longer term future until I can see that the world is worth investing in. It’s simple Business 101 is it not?
889	1	Older cars, trucks and SUVs may not have all the spiffy gadgets and assists that the newer ones do, but at least they don't track your every move or are able to gather data on you to sell to other companies. [SEP]
710	1	gaming = virtual therapy [SEP] That's what I came to realise. It helps me not to go insane
486	1	Kids [SEP] I hope my future little humans are funny. I hope I do well at raising them for success and not failure. I truly don’t want to fail them. I’m going to do everything in my power to not only make sure I am financially stable, but also healed before I have them. I really don’t want to give them any trauma. I just hope and pray I don’t disappoint them. Just wanted to get this off my chest. I think about them a lot even tho they don’t exist lmfao.
697	1	Most people know dog breeds a lot better than they know cat breeds, except the ones almost everyone knows like Tabby, Sphinx, and Siamese [SEP]
369	1	My grandpa's dementia has gotten worse and all I have to say is good old people don't deserve to suffer like that. They really don't [SEP] He was a hard working man and supported his family. He is the best grandpa and he loves his granddaughters, great granddaughters and great grandson to death. And yet here he is. Dealing with dementia. Old people deserve to age and die in peace. Not go through this bs. I'm thankful my grandpa is well cared for and is surrounded by loved ones everyday. And there are people going through worse things than he is. But man this is frustrating. He doesn't deserve this at all. Dementia and alzhiemers shouldn't exist at all. Well a lot of things shouldn't exist but still. It really sucks
113	1	Is it something to be ashamed of/ is there anything wrong with it if someone has only ever been in one relationship in life? [SEP] Including only ever having sex with this one person as well? Is the lack of other experiences something that is bad or worth feeling bad about?   Just curious but I’d still like to know
718	2	Devout girls still have two holes to work before marriage. [SEP]
4	1	So about my sleep schedule [SEP] One day I decided to stay up 24 hours to get back on a sleep schedule that was not staying up till 4 am and sleeping until 2 pm.  The past two days I’ve been asleep by 7:30 8is and waking up at 3 am. I mean there isn’t anything negative about it it’s just such an awkward sleep schedule. Anyone else like this ?
749	1	Most beings probably never see themselves defecate and urinate [SEP]
183	1	Mortgage Help - First time buyer? [SEP] Hi,   So I literally have no idea about mortgages but I want to move out of my rented place asap. Do I get a house or a flat? I have a small budget so flats are cheaper but the service charge/ground rent adds an extra 100 a month.   Does anyone know what the service charge actually covers? (Apart from communal/garden maintenance) like ex windows?  Also if I’ve had a mortgage for a few years and decide I no longer want one, can I sell my property and get back the money Ive paid?
224	2	Not trusting my emotions and hormones [SEP] I've decided idgaf anymore. I'm feeling good this week? Right, post menstruation high. Feeling down? Ah, I should be having red days in a few days. Wait, I'm delayed? Still feeling down here. Yup, still lonely, ugly crying and hungry AF ALL THE TIME. Oh we're sleeping all day now? Finally! Not pregnant! I feel like working out and productive. Life's turned around this time and not gonna need my therapist for the next month.  Nope. Me and my emotions, we are done. It's over. A crappy, toxic relationship inspired by my hormones.
811	1	If you sleep 8 hours a night, you're only awake for 16 hours every day. [SEP]
164	1	Dedicating your life for a cause [SEP] Hi, I didn't know where to ask this and I just thought I'd try here.  I don't mean to sound morbid or depressing but this is a serious question that I've always wondered but never knew how people actually do it. I am sorry if this is not the correct place to ask  Say if someone was to feel empty in life and doesn't really have much to do, but then realising he's wasting his life and wants to put it to good use, how would he go about dedicating it for a cause?  Okay so the reason I say this is because I struggle with a lot in life as does everyone else, but I thought instead of just wasting a human life why can't I give it up for a war or some charity in the middle of a crisis? I would like to put a functioning brain and body to good use instead of some personal pleasure and then rotting alone without any real contribution to mankind or the planet :D again sorry if this is not the right place to ask, I didn't know where else to go
482	1	Don’t fight [SEP] I’m 34 and this weekend I got into a fist fight with a friend, I didn’t start it he did. But what you should know is a couple things:  1. Weight class is a thing; I outweighed him by at least 70 lbs and I held my punches. 2: you have to know who you’re fighting. This dude was a wrestler and I can tell you that shit hurt. 3. It’s been two days and that fight still hurts. I’ve never felt my neck hurt the way it does.   We are complete good I actually crashed on his couch that night. It was a fight that was necessary.   Fights in general suck and they hurt for days.
611	2	I want to have sex but I cant [SEP] Im a 16 year old male and Im always craving sex but I just can’t bring myself to do it. For starters im not an ugly, im a decent looking male with 7 inches but there has been countless times where I was close to having sex but I have my faith in God and I know that God already has my future wife planned for me and I don’t want to waste my virginity on someone who isn’t worth it but damn this is killing me and I don’t know how much longer I can wait until I make the mistake of having sex outsiders of marriage.
501	1	NSFW I am scared I hurt my partner [SEP] Let me set the scene, me (M) and my partner(NB) have been dating for a few years now, when they were a teen they got sexually assaulted and still tend to have flashbacks and Depression caused/exadurated by it to this day. We are and have been sexually active for some time and for the most part it has been going on without any problems. We focuse alot on aftercare and we both think that's what makes it enjoyable and stops it from bringing up bad memories. Last week I was over at their place and was feeling horny so I decided to test the waters. I started grinding on them and they were being playfull about it, standard stuff. We sometimes tend to dabble with Powerplay in the bedroom and did so this time too, we had a safeword, I made sure they were ok the entire time etc. At one point they went to the bathroom and after they came back they didn't look ok but didn't want to talk about it. They just layed in bed next to me and fell asleep. During their sleep they twitched alot and murmured, something that can happen when they experience a flashback. Upon waking up they seemed out of it and did not want to talk about it. I respected that and tried my best to salvage the situation and I hope I did to some extent but I still feel so gross for initiating it and potentially having caused a person I love flashbacks. I am not sure if talking to them is wise since trough previous experience it often leads to more flashbacks and emotional damage to them. I feel so gross and disgusted in myself and will do everything I can be there for them.
317	1	Do you believe that everything that’s meant for you will never pass you or that there are missed opportunities? [SEP] While I believe that things happen for a reason, what are your thoughts on this in terms of life events such as relationships, career etc?   Will the right person always find their way to you or do you believe that you can lose them if you miss the opportunity?
420	1	Nothing has flavor anymore [SEP] Idk if its just me or what, but everything i eat and drink has no flavor at all, or its a slight hint of the basics, like spicy, sweet, bitter, sour. I have to add cayenne pepper to nearly all foods now so its not like eating water. I dont eat to try food anymore or because Im hungry, I eat because if i dont i get sick.  I didnt get covid at all during the entire pandemic, and Im honestly worried Im just not gonna be able to taste anything at all anymore.
559	2	I feel so lonely and lost, I just want to disappear. [SEP] So, I met this one girl around December of last year. Friend of a friend, you know. Always seemed like a 10/10 by my standards, thought she was totally out of my league. Hit on her a bit and we hit it off a fair bit and spent the rest of the night together. She texted me later and we talked back and forth a bit, and a few days later went out again with a mutual friend of ours (who left early on in the night). We spent all night together drinking and having fun, by the end of the night she wanted me to go back to her place though I had to decline because of work.   Anyway, we started dating and I hadn't dated anyone really since high school. We really opened up to eachother and needless to say I fell for her hard. She would come over during work (I work from home) and we'd just cuddle together.   This lasted a whole... 2 months. She finished university and had to go back home for a few weeks. Though we still talked every day, I could just feel us drifting apart. I talked to her about it and she brushed it off. She was in town for a week around late February and I really tried to make plans, she cancelled three times (in a week), and suggested two alternate dates that she also ended up cancelling. I was devastated.  At this point, I was gonna just break things off. I told her how I felt and how I couldn't do this to myself. She replied that I was right, and that she did really like me but due to some past trauma (abusive guy around the time we met) she just couldn't give me what I wanted right now. I just completely caved. "I can be patient, I just need you to make a bit of an effort too." She's not the most open person emotionally (like I said, lots of trauma, in person she opens up a bit more) so just her reassuring me she was into me basically won me over on the spot.  I ended up continuing to talk to her, she was coming back soon and I foolishly thought things would maybe go back to normal. I felt like she was getting more engaged through text as well like before, so I just told her "hey, I'm getting some coffee tonight, wanna come?". She told me she was busy, but asked me "What about tomorrow?". I said sure. Tomorrow came and went, she said it was a bit too late for her and I was just gonna stop asking there, but she asked if I wanted to go out Saturday.   This time I really nailed down the plans: Saturday, 7PM, we'd go for coffee and cook some dinner together afterwards. Saturday comes and I ask her if we're still on. "I don't know, have you seen the weather?". Already expecting the flake, but I went through her concerns and a whole ten minutes before 7 she tells me it's really inconvenient for her to go out because of some personal stuff. I tell her "no worries, hope nothing bad happened" to which she responds "kinda did, but it's a bit funny" to which I just replied "if you say so". She saw the message yesterday, and today we didn't speak at all (first day ever that we didn't talk at all, actually).  Now, I already know I should just drop this. She disrespects my time. She doesn't seem at all interested in meeting up (hell, at this point we haven't met up in a month and a half and had plenty of opportunities to). Hell, for all I know there's another guy in the picture.  But I feel so fucking lonely. I used to have so many friends I could turn to back at university, but my social life plummeted since I finished university. I have a few friend groups I go out with every 2 weeks or so, but it's not enough. I rely so much on social connections to stay mentally healthy.   I'm miserable, and I don't want to push my friends away with my problems. I miss that connection I used to have. Hell, I'm an attractive guy, I've been told that a ton, yet my social life's in shambles so I'm not really meeting anyone new. I went out with some friends a few weeks ago, some girl just told me I was hot and we hooked up. A few days later, I made out with another girl. I felt...nothing. I just felt empty and guilty.  I just lie to myself and cling to the hope things will change. I work from home in a deadend job that pays decently but has no future prospects at all, and working from home means I'm super isolated. I feel like just jumping off a cliff or just disappearing.  I just cry myself to sleep nowadays and probably the only reason I haven't ended it all is because I know my parents deserve better. And everyone in my life thinks I have this more or less great life, but I don't know how much longer I can keep up the illusion.
64	3	TIL, There’s a lot distraught woman on IG Reels. [SEP] I avoided tik tok like it’s the plague and now that IG has Reels I noticed a pattern. There’s a lot of distraught woman who either are depressed over a past relationship or scared of the dating future. Just something I’m noticing.
50	1	What's the point of life [SEP] Am 19 and still don't know the meaning of life The purpose and the point of everything
630	1	I gave $50 to a stranger at the grocery store [SEP] I was at the grocery store today and walked right into a confrontation between an older man and the security guard, as I turned into an aisle.   The man, carrying a spaghetti package and a jar of sauce, kept saying that a lady at the register told him she would pay for his stuff.   The security guard was saying that if he didn’t have money he shouldn’t even have walked into the store. If he needed to beg, he had to do it outside and only come in when he had the money.   I felt sad. For the man. That only wanted to eat. For the security guard. That was doing his job. The fear of being fired is real. Life is hard.   I felt upset that the guard was humiliating the man in front of everyone. He could have done better, been more human.   So I made the snap decision to walk by and give the man $50 - the smallest bill I had. Just put it in his hand. There. He has money now. I was in a rush (ice cream was melting) so I kept walking.  Later on the man found me again in another aisle. He thanked me and told me it was his 52nd birthday. He wished me well and said he hoped I never went through financial problems. I wished him a happy birthday and we parted ways.   I’m moving for college tomorrow and was stressing over not having a stove and a fan. After this encounter, those issues seemed so superficial. Idk I just feel grateful
177	2	what now? [SEP] I just don't feel anything. I feel like I've wasted my whole childhood and now I just have hell ahead of me. And I just feel nothing. I can't do anything. I don't know how I would talk to other children, or even adults at this point because mentally I feel like I'm beyond them, not in like, an egotistical way, just that I don't understand them anymore. I just feel like I'm wasting my life away and I don't know what to do about it. And it feels like the year is repeating itself. I don't want to go through this again. I know I probably won't take any of your tips, but still , I want to talk to someone.
933	1	There are parental guidance ratings on movies, but when it comes to the vast world of the internet, parents don’t seem to give nearly as much care or attention [SEP]
927	1	Coffee drinkers are the world’s only socially accepted junkies [SEP]
716	1	mirrors haven't got our backs [SEP]
236	1	Just did it [SEP] Was in a really bad mood today, opened reddit and started giving upvotes to  all the posts I saw, ;) atleast someone gets to enjoy life.
624	1	My father scolded me for not being a Muslim. [SEP] This was today as I’m writing this. My sister told me to call him since him and my mom are in court. Most calls with him are short, but this one was 10 mins long. It started out normal, but then he asked “OP, are you an Muslim?” I hesitated a bit cause I didn’t want to answer. But I said no. He then scolded me for it since he wanted me to be like him. That made me and my sister INCREDIBLY upset. So much so that my mom ran up to see what was the problem. You see, my dad was born in Africa, a place where children and women are seen below men, so back when we lived at his house, my sister was not treated well by him. Ever since then my mom has been trying to divorce him and it’s been taking a decade, and we have to call him every week, we’ve missed a lot of days, but we’ve been trying to call him and he NEVER calls btw yet demands us to call. Also he wants to live in my house which ain’t happening.
130	2	Same shit [SEP] Lately life just feels like the same shit just a different day. I’m super over it. Part of me just wants to end it. End this game of life, I don’t see a point in living. The cards I were dealt for this game of life we’re awful, a 13 on black jack pocket queens with an Ace on the board. I just don’t feel like doing it anymore.
347	1	I had sex in an elevator. [SEP] As the title says, I don't think anyone will read this because of the thousands of posts like this one.  It was summer, I was with my girlfriend of 2 months by then, we only had had sex for a month when this happened. As a disclaimer, the elevator was old, it literally took 36seconds to get from floor 1 to 7, all we did was pressing the button multiple times so no one could open the door (it obviously didn't have a camera).  Nobody caught us, in my defense we were both 16 at the time. I just wanted to get this off my chest.
737	1	Animals have no way to differentiate between singing and humans talking, so they probably think we sing really terribly [SEP]
298	1	i want more [SEP] i can't properly articulate this, but i want more. I feel like im not living enough, which is ironic really, since ending it is sometimes on my mind. But like I just want to doooo stuff, but idk what it is that i want to do. ya know??? this doesnt make sense sry ://
627	2	I masturbated next to my sleeping girlfriend last night and it was the best orgasm I've ever had. [SEP] To start off, mine and my girlfriends sex life has been a little bit strained recently. Nothing too bad, but we have both been working a lot recently and due to our work patterns she is usually asleep by the time I get home. So, last night I came to bed and she was fast asleep. So I knew this would be another night of no intimacy. My girlfriend has told me in the past that she would feel uncomfortable me masturbating whilst she is in the bed. But I couldn't deny how horny I was. So I knew eventually I would have to get up and go to the bathroom. But first I wanted to "warm the engine up".  After 10 minutes or so I was getting close and frankly couldn't be bothered to go downstairs. So I just decided that I was gonna be extra careful to go slow enough and be quiet enough that she wouldn't wake up.  It took me a while because (as previously said) I was having to go very slowly.  When I finally came, it was like nothing I had experienced before. I don't know if it was because I went slowly for much longer than I normally would, or the feeling that it wasn't allowed (because if she woke up she wouldn't be happy). But it was like I was a teenager discovering orgasms for the first time.  So, now I'm in a situation where I sort of want to try it again. But then I run the risk of A) being caught in the act or B) it not being as good the second time.  Do I just leave it as a spur of the moment special memory, or do I risk it again? This is the question I keep asking myself.
459	1	I still don't know if I should consider this SA [SEP] When I was 15 I had a male best friend who I always had a crush on and we hungout with a big group of friends often. We started hanging out more just the 2 of us and we were flirty but were only friends. One night at a party we had all been drinking. I was laying in a recliner trying to sleep when he came &amp; asked to cuddle. I was excited but also drunk and tired. He started trying to put his hand down my pants. I told him no and asked him to stop but he continued anyway. I didn't know what to do. I wanted him to still like me so instead of yelling at him to stop again I just pretended to be asleep and hoped he would stop. He didn't. He only used his hand but the next day when I brought it up to him he got mad and stormed off and we never spoke again. He acted mad I remembered. Idk. Still 14 years later idk what to think.
616	3	why dont women compliment men [SEP] because you rape, murder and abuse us
518	2	I want to get something off my chest, but I know how reddit is and it will get buried [SEP] It's not something I can contain in a title heading, and it is something that I don't think people will generally understand.  People only want to talk about things that resonate with themselves. And if you're a very different kind of person, you make people uncomfortable just by being honest with them about yourself. I must somehow frame my existential suffering in a way that appeals to a more general audience in order for it to be validated. I really feel like that defeats the purpose.  Of course, this is a big problem with me in almost all social ways. But I'm afraid that this is the case for most people actually, but people are more willing to water down their internal experience just to get some partial sense of validation and solidarity. I feel like this watering down is why in society we never really talk about issues clearly enough to really attempt to solve them, and why we never feel closer to any of our neighbors and friends.  The very medium of the social network, which is non-local and impermanent in its nature lends itself to more superficial sentimentality and less involved interpersonal dialogue and discovery. Most conversations have at most 4 replies, and even when relationships are formed in the DMs, these only go on so long as one party is seeking something from another.  So I really do not know how to ask for help, here or anywhere else. I think I'm actually losing my mind the longer I go on without opening up to anybody. And I find it offensive to be told to go see a therapist, so please don't. They are just as stupid and misunderstanding of me as everybody else.  There, let's see if we can unblock this.
315	1	What was a film/book that really changed you and didn’t expect it would lead you somewhere ? [SEP] This could be anything life related from career choices to how you view your relationships or the push you needed to move on.     Thanks in advance.
961	1	To much of anything good is bad [SEP]
677	1	Technically, all the shows are slice of life shows . All the shows , well , narrate the story of a part of the main character(s) life . [SEP]
163	1	Problems accepting reality [SEP] As I am growing up, I am slowly starting to question life but I am also starting to understand the “why” a little bit more. I just have a hard time accepting it. Every time I think about it I get lost in thoughts and just get a feeling of overwhelming sadness for no reason. What can I do?
638	1	I want to amputate [SEP] This is something I can’t easily mention to just anyone because they look at me absolutely crazy. But it’s true, and something I have thought about for a few years now.  Without giving too much information, I have had multiple surgeries on this part of my body (lower leg/foot) and with each surgery, functionality and pain has only gotten worse. I have arthritis throughout the entire area as well.  Because I am young and average sized, people question my use of a handicap spot (I try not to use often but use one further away if I do) and don’t always take it seriously since they can’t always see the pain I’m going through. This makes it even harder to have a conversation about amputation, so I just don’t talk about it.  I’m not really sure what I’m looking for from this post, maybe just true, honest thoughts without people knowing who I am. I know this is what I want to do, I just have to figure out when the time is right.
42	2	How do you stay positive when everything in your life is so negative? [SEP] Weed is the only solution I know
342	3	What’s the point of living [SEP] If we’re all just gonna die anyway what’s the point   Im 18, i have an eating disorder, i deal with severe anxiety and depression, and recently i was diagnosed with schizophrenia    Just what’s the point of being alive if im so mentally deficient.
93	1	Buying a house for the first time and need input on what stuff to buy (I.E Towels, lamps, ect...) [SEP] As the title says, in about 7 months I will be getting my first ever house to myself  and soon to be (yay!) But now thats it edging closer and closer I started thinking about things like Silverware, Towels, A Toaster, furniture, lights, other kitchen stuff ect... And im realizing that besides name brands and prices I dont know what stuff to buy? I wanna start buying stuff between now and then to ease the cost of setting up the darn place but I really need input on what are some really good brands of stuff to buy (recommend a brand for anything I need for the household like some of the stuff I listed) Money isnt necessarily an issue but I dont exactly wanna spend 60 dollars and two bath towels ya know? Just looking for for decent quality brands and their stuff thats useful and will last me a good bit.
126	2	How do you find meaning/purpose in life? [SEP] Hello, how do you find meaning/purpose in life? I can’t seem to find any, I feel miserable. I don’t have any joy out of life.
822	2	If you were dead, your finger would not be able to unlock your phone [SEP]
525	2	I was stealthed when I(31F) was 16 [SEP] This is gonna be a long one. I have so much unresolved emotions about this still.  I grew up homeschooled, my mom wanted a "Little House on the Prairie" lifestyle. I was extremely sheltered growing up, devout Christian family lifestyle.  When I turned 12, my mom started taking me to football games so I could socialize. That's when I met L(14m at the time) He quickly became protective of me. He recognized I had little to no social skills, and we fell in love. We began dating, but didn't have sex until I was 15. (Yes, we were together that long) When my mom found out, she flipped. I was no longer allowed to see him. I convinced my dad to let me go to HS so I could still see L.   I was an unpopular girl since day 1. Too forward and nice, and rather immature because of my lack of exposure. L was a popular guy in HS, and people quickly began to outcast and bully me. I could tell he was becoming afraid to be seen with me.   Eventually, it got much worse. A rumor started going around that I was sleeping around with multiple people. I have no idea how it started, but I could not convince L that I had been faithful, or maybe he started the rumors himself, I still don't know. He wound up breaking up with me, and then threats and bullying ramped up. Girls were calling and telling me they were going to kill me, even though I hadn't even contacted L. I would get notes to meet with some girls just because they wanted to fight. Guys were pretending to show interest in me just so they could later tell me how ugly and ignorant I was.   At this point, I'm trying to finish school and get out. I figured if nothing else, I would get my diploma just to prove they didn't break me. I was trying so hard to tough it out.   Then this guy, A, begins to show interest. I had already dealt with guys humiliating me this way, so I cold-shouldered him for about 2 months. All the while, he's sending me love notes. Inviting me to dinner. Somehow got my number. Telling me he was different. Sent me Valentine's day gift in class. I legitimately began to believe he was sincere. He also, was not unpopular.   I finally cave and meet him at the gym during lunch. I enjoyed visiting with him, and he seemed so genuine at the time. It felt like I had finally made a friend. I quickly became fond of him, I had been starved for affection for months at this point.  He invites me to his apartment for a party. I decide to go, but when I get there, it's just him and 2 other guys. We start watching a movie, then his 2 roommates left. We get romantic, and I consent to sex. He turns the lights out, it's pitch black, and I can hear him unwrapping the condom. That night, he asked me out. He seemed really nervous, but I was so so happy.   As soon as we start dating, he starts acting funny. He appears to be a nervous wreck. Can't look me in the eye. Constantly asking me questions about my menstrual cycle. He starts telling me I should take a pregnancy test, but I am absolutely certain it's an impossibility. We used condoms, so I believed there was no danger. This carries on for 3 weeks, about this time I should be getting my period. All your usual premenstrual symptoms are there-swollen breasts, crampy tummy, emotional. But I ended up being 3 days late for my period. This has never happened before. On the third day I'm late, he tells me again "I really think you should take a pregnancy test, you need to do that." I said, "Why are you so certain I need one, it's impossible that I'm pregnant, it's probably just stress" and then he says "Because I know something you don't"  This caught me totally off guard and I had no idea what that would mean. I don't even ask what he means because I'm just so confused at this point. I get a pregnancy test. It's positive. I take another. Positive again. I finally asked him and he told me the condom broke and he was too scared to tell me.   Fast forward a year. I had my baby. I'm still trying to do the right thing, be with the father, stay together for the baby. He has become a violent alcoholic, and I have Post-Partum depression in a major way. I feel that if I leave him, I'm just a young stupid single mom with no other hope for love. One night, he decides to throw a party. Mind you, I'm still breastfeeding at this point, so I have not drank.   He invites L over for this party. It's a small town, they were friends, and he didn't appear to care how it affected me, though...I did not think my life could get worse.   A and L are doing beer bong. There's another guy with them, A2, we'll call him. They all start talking and it eventually leads to A being a father.   A2 says "I guess we all owe you that 5 dollars now, huh?"  L pipes in "I already paid him, I'm debt free!" I walk over because I'm praying I'm not hearing what I think I'm hearing.  I ask A "5 dollars for what?" Ls eyes get huge and he decides to leave. Before he even makes it out the door, A2 says "We all bet A 5 dollars he couldn't get you pregnant. Guess we were wrong! But it's not a big deal now, you have a beautiful family" L has hightailed it home. A2 is staring me directly in my eyes, laughing. A won't even look at me. I'm speechless. Not to mention, my conception date was April 1st. April fools. The condom didn't break. He never put it on. And I was too dumb to know.   I went mute for 4 months. My son is now 13. His father begs me every year to come back to him. He said one time "If I had known you would be such a great mother and great woman, I never would have done it"  It's like the affront never ends, lol. I've never been married. Have only had my 1 child. I love my son very dearly, but I look in the mirror naked at all my scars and my deflated breasts and still have that same sinking feeling...no one will ever love me. I'm damaged goods.
926	1	Mini Coopers exist, but there's no full size Cooper. [SEP]
125	1	Did you decide against getting married? [SEP] Did you decide that you do not want to get married? Wh? Do you regret your decision?
261	2	Finding my direction [SEP] I go through the motions, it's all good but I can see the ceiling. Once I see it I can't stop staring at it, what am I suppose to do when I see the limit? I'm 26 and I feel like I'm wasting away bouncing around, I want to experience life but I have a baby on the way and I don't want to deprave her of opportunities so I need to work.   How do you find your path? I'm not looking for fulfillment, I know it's impossible, but how do I feel good about what I'm doing?
742	3	Dance major seems pointless [SEP] Please tell me. What is the point of a dance major? I was thinking in the shower a couple days ago, and I thought a dance major seems like the stupidest degree in the world. You can become a dance teacher/ coach/ or even go professional without a wasteful degree. I’m actually serious though lol, why waste your money on that.
679	1	Our unit of measurement changes from ml to kg as we evolve from a sperm to a human being [SEP]
947	1	In these years, many people are being born who will be alive in the year 2100 [SEP]
848	1	it's cool to wear hair extensions but not wigs, even though they're the same thing [SEP] Obvious gender element here, but also racial - Black women are derided for wearing wigs but women of other races aren't for extending their hair
660	1	Can’t believe that it still hurts [SEP] It has been almost three years since we parted.. almost two years since I last saw you. However, I still miss you.   There are days that I find small things that remind me of you. Things that we used to do together. At times I just smile and remember the good times. Today, was hard. Today would have been 13 years together. I loved you for ten years and I don’t think I will ever stop loving you, my first love!   Finding that last birthday card I received from you, made me tear up.  I might be wrong by still thinking of you, but it’s hard to forget a full decade with you.   At night, I look up to the stars and wonder if you are doing well. I hope we could have parted in better terms. I can only hope that one day I can see you again, happy!
778	1	Horoscope writers must give their own sign an optimistic horoscope when they want a good week for themselves. [SEP]
350	2	Im in love with a prostitute [SEP] Yep. She has a partner. The pimp. She is a pro. She is happy this way, earn incredibly well, has fun doing it.  I would do anything to get to know the real her. Where she’s coming from, where she wants to go, who she really is. Will never get to know. Its crazy. Its not about sex, that is actually not that great with her, she is too crazy and fast for my taste. Its about the exact feeling I have, she is crossing my mind every other minute.  Its legal here.   Im fucked for the rest of my life. Its been 3 years. I visit her every 3 or 4 months. Always regret it. Cant let it go. There is no way I can forget, time will not heal.   Its gonna eat me alive, forever.  I wanna die to end it.
312	1	Had to message my landlord this morning [SEP] I texted him in bed. It’s an explanation as to why I can’t pay rent on time. I don’t know how he’s gonna reply. that shit hurted doe
448	1	I want to have someone jerk me off with their tits so bad [SEP] But I am with a wonderful girl who is flat chested. I love her more than anything in the world, but I had to get this off my chest.
551	2	Sometimes I wish I could move away and never speak to my family again. [SEP] I don’t have valid reasons, they’re just exhausting and a lot to deal with and they completely drain all my energy so i feel tired all the time. I could never say this to anyone because i know i would be called selfish and ungrateful and all kinds of things, but i can’t help the way i feel towards them and the only reason i don’t leave is because my sister gave birth to pretty much the only source of joy that i get lately and it would break my heart to leave her.
3	1	I keep getting the "when are you going to get married/have kids questions?"...😔 [SEP] Did you get these questions and how did you deal with them? Ultimately I'm just not there yet, but these questions have been giving me some serious anxiety. I've been feeling FOMO (fear of missing out) lately and it depresses me.   PSA: please do not ask anyone these questions, they're annoying.
73	1	Can one be both a man AND a muppet? [SEP] “As I ask myself the question, what’s the right direction to go?...Am I a man or am I a muppet?”-the muppet movie, 2012.  Perhaps the greatest predicament one may encounter in his or her lifetime, am I a man, or am I a muppet? Or are they mutually exclusive? Can one be both? After countless hours of thought, I have examined this crisis of identity from all angles. What truly is muppet without man? Muppet is nothing without man. Man is who created the muppet. A muppet is but a puppet without a man-hence the name muppet (man+puppet). Essentially, God is to man as man is to muppet. One must be a man in order to be a muppet. So one HAS to be a man and a muppet. There is no either/or. They are inseparable beings. The twiddling of the muppet’s sticks are the closest that mere mortals can be to playing god. However, if man controls muppet and god controls man, who controls god? Another muppet? Controlled by a man? Where does it end? WHERE DOES IT END I ASK YOU?! please reddit I’m begging you for answers!!!!
391	2	Help me , please [SEP] Probably I'm too silly to post this here, but I feel so wrong that probably some of you can give me your opinions. Long story short, I broke up with my ex gf. We were together for 3 years, although we spend some 3 other years trying to settle down as a couple. It was hard from the beggining because none of was would dare to take a leap and make it official, until 2018, when we finally decided to try it.  Many ups and downs, but I gotta say I fell in love with her like crazy. Both of us even thought of getting married. However, the pandemic struck the world, so the distance plus other problems and each one's mental health, took the toll on us and we broke up. I was devastated. One of the hardest years of my life. I live on my own, so it was very hard to cope with anxiety, and isolation was not helping. I went to therapy and really helped me.  As of May 2021, we got in touch again and decided to try again. Everything seemed to work out. Both had grown up, and we were being honest and open about what we could do to live in harmony. However, I always felt like I was not enough for her. I do have my flaws, but I was starting to feel observed and evaluated all the time. So i was constantly checking if my actions were correct to avoid any type of argument. And I felt like I was being subtlely manipulated.  So things started to escalate and we had a very bad argument and I told her I didn't want to see her ever again. But we didn't break up, but ever since I began wondering if this relationship added up at all. Finally, three weeks ago, we discussed if we were feeling fine with the relationship and both agreed that we didn't, so mutually decided to break up.  Although this time, the breakup has been way easier to take than the last time, some days I find myself anxious, like I really need to call her. Or i feel jealous because I picture her with someone else. I know it's not correct to feel that, and actually I blocked her social media to avoid contact.  Today, it was very hard, and I feel like I'll never be able to connect with someone at the depth I did with her. I feel unattractive, uninteresting, and chained to loneliness. But at the same time I feel like, even if she was back, I've Nothing left to give. I've run out of ideas and patience and I don't know what else we could do to solve this.  I wish I could hang onto the hope of better days, but today I just felt like giving up. I love her, and I'll always wish her well, and I wouldnt interfere in her life or mental health. That's why i decided to say good bye. But I dunno if it was the best decision.  And that's it. Sorry about the long ass post, but I just needed to vent it out.  Any comments are welcome.
817	1	An aircraft carrier is a portable airport [SEP]
198	1	arguments [SEP] Does anyone one else think its weird that arguments are such a big part of most relationships?  Like I (47\[M\]) understand that differences need to be resolved, not ignored - but the norm seems to be much more aggressive than necessary.  All of my partners have thought that I just back down too easily.  But the way I see it, spending less time yelling is a good thing.  Any thoughts?
680	1	Animals never see themselves [SEP] [deleted]
603	3	I think it's unfair/wrong to tell positive things about yourself [SEP] People say that they are an empath, they are smart, they are brave, whatever broad-meaning thing they can tell about themselves. And ironically it turns out they are more like a psychopath, dumb and cowardly.   I can't say anything good when people ask me:  I can play guitar! (but kinda suck)  I passed an exam! (but I was just lucky)  I beat that game! (but I should have better done something good about my lif  I kissed a girl! (but we were drunk as fuck)   Without those "buts" it's all feels like a lie and I feel horrible if I don't tell the "truth". And when it's other people, I feel like they are hyperbolize and lie too.
443	1	I’m 19 with no sex drive and no interest in sex [SEP] I have had sexual partners before and sex is just okay, to me it’s more of a chore at best and actively psychologically damaging at worst. I’m never horny and upon reflection I’ve never really initiated sex, I would only have sex if the other person wanted to without any real desire myself. I’ve been sexually assaulted multiple times starting in childhood so I’m unsure if the disinterest in sex is due to that, my medication or if I’m asexual.
87	1	People who put you down [SEP] I hate when people feel like they can just put you down and talk shit about you or constantly be negative towards you and bring up your flaws or act entitled as if their life is perfect, I hate those people who truly feel like they have it all or that they are better than others. It makes me feel small as if I don’t matter but I can’t wait to be in a position where no one can say shit to me, I don’t know how that feels yet but I know it’ll be nice to just sit back and be proud of myself for once.
491	2	I’m bisexual but I avoid other bi girls and lesbians. [SEP] I know I’m about to get judged for sounding like a trader to “my” own community and all, but I don’t care lol. I find them so judgmental, gossipy and annoying. Whether they’re masc or femme. I’m aware that not all of them are this way, as I have some friends who are bisexual like me and are angels. But mostly all the lesbians and bi girls I’ve encountered are problematic and like to spread rumors and talk shit about other girls. Either for their appearance or for how many people they have or haven’t slept with. Gay men are that way too. No thanks. I’d pick a straight guy as a friend any day. At least they don’t shit talk. For the most part anyway.
392	1	My brother sexually assaulted/harassed me and a lot of other girls, when I was 12-15 [SEP] So, my brother never lived at home but he came to visit, but one day my brother said he wanted to sleep in the same room as me, and my parents were like no, but he did it anyway, and my brother began to touch me places, and I just froze and pretended to sleep. The next day I was acting fake around him like I was happy but deep down I just wanted to scream and cry. It went on for years. He even asked me to film myself to take my clothes off in the shower.  I later found out he took his stepsisters underwear with him in the shower and smelled it and did stuff… he asked for my clothes too, I refused. He started to give me things I wanted, his Pokémon games, out of nowhere, I felt like I was forced to be happy about it.   We visited him sometimes, and I was in the background playing with the dog and when my brother came over to me just to speak I just ignored him or started crying..   Fast forward to my sisters “confirmation” idk the English word for it, I had a skirt on, and my brother kept seeing under me when I wasn’t looking, or touching me, and I had enough and just began to cry when my sister had a speech, my sister then gave me ice cream, and asked what’s wrong, I couldn’t talk I was just crying, she said maybe it’s best for me to take home. I just lied and said it was my allergies, i don’t think she fell for it, but oh well.  Then I turned 14, I dated my brothers best friend ( I didn’t know), but one night my brother was sleeping in my bedroom, and my bf at the time started touching me, and touching my boobs, I freaked out, and said stop, he asked why, I lied and told I had my period. I later heard him speaking with my brother and said he wanted to have sex with me, and seeing me naked, my brother then said he wished he was awake to see it..  My bf at the time, broke up with over phone 2 months later, we did have sex before he did it, and he bragged about it..   I didn’t go to school, I was yelling, crying constantly my parents didn’t know what was wrong, and I just yelled one time when I was about to go to school “my brother touched me! He asked for videos of me naked!”, they were shocked, and I didn’t go to school, my brother came to visit later that day, my mom asked for his phone, he gave it to her, he saw he asked underaged girls to send him nudes, talked about he was in love with me, he wanted to have sex with me…   And when it was time for my “confirmation” he came and his stepfather, I just began to cry, my sister tried to calm me down, his stepfather didn’t believe any of it until he saw I couldn’t be near my brother without breaking down, but he still wanted me to see my brother, still wanted me to sleep in my brothers bed, my parents kicked them out and said it wasn’t gonna happen, he isn’t gonna see me again.   I stopped the contact, but he always found a way to find me again, and break up my relationships, death threats to me when, I warned one of his gf about what he did, she didn’t believe me, but she later found out the truth and he got kicked out.  Now, he’s a drug addict, everyone hates him, threatens him, he isn’t safe anywhere, he got 2 girls pregnant, but they aborted the babies, and he hasn’t contacted me ever since I was 19, where he asked about baby pics of my child..   I just can’t trust any guys anymore, I’m so fucked about bc of it, but I haven’t had any help bc when I ask for help they said I need to deal it with myself, and it’s just a made up lie bc no one’s sister/brothers can do that to their siblings…   Sorry for the lengthy text
720	1	We immediately know when someone is typing what they are saying by their cadence. [SEP] Why... does.... my.. butthole......... itch...
758	2	Humans have become top of the global food chain because of our uncanny ability to recognize and exploit patterns. It is inevitable, that we will eventually see the signal within the noise of the internet. [SEP]
851	1	If our hair hair grew like our eyebrow hair then balding would disappear and no one would need haircuts. [SEP]
21	1	Read something wonderful about life! [SEP] Here is a quote from Emery Allen which very beautifully sums up relationships  Not everything is supposed to become something beautiful and long-lasting. Sometimes people come into your life to show you what is right and what is wrong, to show you who you can be, to teach you to love yourself, to make you feel better for a little while, or to just be someone to walk with at night and spill your life to. Not everyone is going to stay forever, and we still have to keep on going and thank them for what they’ve given us.
190	1	I wanna share the methods I used to get out of a massive rut recently! [SEP] I’ve been going through the ups and downs you experience once you devote yourself to a mission consciously. This has led me to literally not know what comes next and sometimes even be afraid to make a big decision. But after going through a rut last week I researched successful people and used these three strategies to come out strong! I actually ended up making a YouTube video about it so check it out for more details!   3 WAYS TO GET OUT OF A RUT!  https://youtu.be/vezm0P3gM2c
94	1	Why do I feel like I’m always on a pedestal and life’s always testing me hard [SEP] Even being optimistic about situation gets so freaking hard after some point. But, like on a serious note how do you guys maange to go through when nothing’s going right? What motivates you to keep walking ahead
382	1	i don't know what to do with my relationship [SEP] I'm currently 22 years old (soon to be 23) and i've been in a relationship for almost 3 years now. Our relationship has always been one of genuine love and care for each other, but we've had many arguments and fights (verbal ones) over multiple topics. Lately, things have been.... weird... It seems as if we're not as close as we used to be and i'm personally starting to lose interest in her, even though i still genuinely love her. Additionally, it should be known that my girlfriend has ALWAYS been extremely insecure because of past relationships (one of her ex-bfs tried to rape her once) and, because of that insecurity of hers, she's always been extremely jealous of other girls, to point where we recently got into an argument because i gave a female friend of mine a like in a photo on instagram that showed her in a beach. It's come to the point of absolute toxicity from her part and there's literally nothing i can do to change her behavior, as she legitimately believes she's right in being angry and abusive towards me (she even started posting "sexy" photos of her body on purpose just to bother me).  These kinds of acts have been making me lose interest in her, despite still genuinely loving her, while, at the same time, making me get more interested in other people, like the aforementioned girl from the Instagram photo, who's a childhood friend and co-worker of mine.  I don't know what to do, because part of me really wants to end things with her due to all the "dirty" and outright wrong behavior towards me, though i also feel bad for her because she suffers from both depression and anxiety. I want to live a better life but i don't want to see someone i love so much get hurt or even possibly kill herself because of my choices. Somebody please tell me what should i do
162	1	The Made Me Feel Better.... [SEP] ....I'm not sure why  &amp;#x200B;  [The Dog Paradox](https://theoatmeal.com/comics/dog_paradox)
772	1	Almost everyone has a caffeine addiction and the DEA couldn't care less [SEP]
646	1	I just found out my ex wife tried to hook up with my friend. [SEP] I've been in separation pending divorce for two months. It was my decision. Long story short there were trust issues. We share one friend. He's a guy and she's always been all over him. He respects me as I met him through work and trained him. She clinged onto him after I decided to separate. He knows how small her circle is and is just trying to be nice. So they went on a hike, during that hike she pretty much asked if he could see them maybe hooking up our there in the near future. The conversation was about being single and how he was unsure how good at sex he would be when he met the right one. My Friend denied her and said it's never happening. He told me today after being nervous that it would upset me. Suddenly it all clicked in my head why I wasn't happy. Because she was never trustworthy to begin with. I have not said anything to him negative about her even despite this bad news. Just trying to get this divorce finalized. I've been ok with it for the most part but I need to put it out of my head.
110	1	I know what I want to do in life! [SEP] Yeah, I just discovered what I want to do, what I think my purpose is here on earth. I've always tried to find out what I wanna do when I grow up, I wanted to find my identity. Wanted to know what I'm here for, and what I wanna devote my life to.  A few days ago I decided I wanna devote my life to helping, and saving people! I know it sounds ridiculous, but I want to be a hero. I'll do my best to do everything I can to help people. I've been watching "my hero academia" for a while now, and that might've contributed to my desire to become a hero. But the day I came to this conclusion, the conclusion that there should be more love in this world and that I want to save the world from sadness and anger, just that day I stumbled upon a special episode. It was called "save the world with love". I don't know if you guys believe in signs, but this felt pretty special.   So this, this might be the start of the life of a hero. Someone who goes out of his way to help anyone in need.   I know i sound like a little kid with impossible dreams, and maybe this all sounds a little more heroic than it's really gonna be. Maybe it's not gonna be like I hoped it would be. But I'm sure as hell gonna try. Have a nice day!
321	1	What percentage of the day you spend doing things you don't want (or would rather not to)? [SEP] Close to 100% meaning you never get to do what you like and close to 0% meaning the opposite.
975	1	Most people with fire places don't use them because they don't trust the chimney. [SEP]
549	2	Dear Father [SEP] As far as I can remember you always seemed angry and unhappy. I was glad when we had guests over, you were a different person, you were so relaxed. But I knew as soon as they left you would be the same as before. It probably wasn’t a big deal for you, but I remember you punching a hole in the wall when you accidentally locked us out of the house, even if we could have just went to get a key from my grandparents. I was scared, I knew you wouldn’t hurt me, but I was scared. But if I would have told you, you wouldnt have cared anyway. Back when your brother purposely made me cry, you laughed about it. When I told you that I havent been able to sleep lately, you told me not to make my problem to yours. That you would have understood if I had your childhood. When that made me run to my room and cry, you ignored me for a week because my grandparents fought with you because of that. When I criticized you for kicking our dog you laughed, told me that you wouldnt take care of him at all anymore if you do everything wrong. When I wanted to explain something I felt was wrong to you, you didnt listen. You havent looked at me for 2 weeks now because of that. Im sorry you didnt have a good childhood. Im sorry you never went to therapy. But I dont think I can forgive you yet. I still love you, we had great moments together, but currently the bad things are overshadowing everything else.
446	1	My fiance said he fell in love with me since the very first day [SEP] This might be a bit silly, but I just feel so happy and touched, I've been treated like shit before, told many times that I was not the one they wanted to marry and they wouldn't be happy with me in the long term, I've been cheated on, and I still kept thinking there was someone out there who would be happy with me and would want to marry me and there was.   I(25F) met my now fiancee (34M) 3 years ago, we met at a club, I did all the first moves, never did anything like that before haha but he was so nice when we met and I thought he was so cute so I asked him for his phone number, we had so much trouble to have our first date, he was visiting my country for work so he was called out of nowhere in the middle of our first date and had to leave, I understood, the second time (same day), same thing happened and he left when were in the Uber to the movies he apologized like a million times and texted me like 1 hour later to tell me they called him for nothing and if I was still down for a date but he would completely understand if I wasn't, I said sure and we did, we watched a movie in Spanish (I'm Hispanic), no subtitle, he said he would understand since he speaks Portuguese and we did.  After the movies we went to my house, his hotel was like 3 blocks away from my building haha we just sat in the sidewalk in front of my building and talked all night long until 5am, he left that day and came back later that day for us to watch a movie in my house, I cooked for him, he loved it and he left after 3 days, we texted everyday after that and well here we are.  Last week he proposed to me, he told me that he have loved me since that day we sat in the sidewalk, that he didn't understand a single thing about the movie but he didn't want to miss the chance to be with me since he have already cancelled twice and he have never been so happy about a decision before, that he didn't make a move because he was afraid to lose me if I didn't feel the same but he was so glad I did and now he will get to spend the rest of his live with his soulmate.  I cried like a baby, could barely even say yes between so much crying lol but I am so happy, I will spend every day of my life with the man I love, and I was right, there was someone out there who is happy to be with me and have been happy to be with me since the very first day.  Well that's it, I'm just a happy fiancee.
964	2	It is amazing just how dumb the average person is... and about half the world is dumber than that person. [SEP]
444	1	I'm getting revenge on my friend for using me for my money and humiliating me [SEP] I know my friend from university, and we've been friends for over a year now. We've hung out frequently; I always drive, and I always hosted. She never offered either. It kind of annoyed me because she'd always want to hang out, but she never offered to host at her place. She'd phrase it in a way that I would seem like an asshole if I didn't offer my house. So it was my 21st birthday, and I texted her about two weeks before inviting her. She said yes.  I wanted her to show up because I don't have very many friends. I'm pretty introverted, and because of COVID, I just lost touch with a lot of people. The party I was hosting was not this house party of 50 people. Literally it was my family with all my aunts and uncles and cousins and only a small group of friends. Only my best friend from high school and my roommate showed up. I told my roommate that she could invite more people that she could talk to. So three girls that I've hung out with before but don't know that well showed up. We all had a good time, but I was waiting for my friend to show up.  She never did. She didn't text me either. She texted me the morning after saying that's she's sorry but she was busy. She then offered to hang out at the mall later on that day. I didn't respond to her. Honestly, I get that maybe she was busy, but why didn't she text me? She couldn't have said "hey, I'm sorry, something came up and I can't come". But then she expects me to make time out of my day within a few hours when I literally invited her weeks before, and she doesn't show up, nor does she tell me that she's not coming?
934	1	If you really need to remember something you can just publicly embarrass yourself while thinking about it. That way you’ll remember it for years. [SEP]
332	1	So... [SEP] How's life
765	1	We’re all NPC’s for each other. [SEP]
844	1	If you still think star wars kid went to your school, well sorry, he didn't. [SEP]
336	2	Im totally fucked [SEP] sometimes its better but every day its worse and worse, i feel empty i dont see point in this society and me having use in it, and maybe i dont want to do anything about it maybe i just want to left by noone knowing and noone remembering me. Im just a person that everyone saying what shoul i do how should i look and judging me because i look diferent or dont doing things that society want me to do. And somehow im still judging myself for that. I dont have control above my toughts everything in my head is fucked im fucking creep
88	1	Need to vent and any advice is welcome [SEP] I am 30 years old, my roommate is 23. I didn’t realize she was so young when we moved in together in sept 2020 (I let her move in to my apt). I moved to denver from 19 hours away so I didn’t know anyone really and had met her and we clicked and we both needed a roommate so we decided to move in together.   Ever since we moved in, we have had all sorts of issues ranging from everything and anything you can think of (from unthoughtfulness to money to communication- mainly )  Each time an issue arises, I’m always the one coming forward trying to communicate and fix things, I practice mindfulness and try to always see her POV and adjust accordingly so she feels heard and understood but I NEVER get the same decency back, in fact I get gaslighting, blame for her lack of communication and name calling .   I’ve been super cordial and an adult about everything but Im starting to get really fed up with the unnecessary drama and shit she constantly feels the need to bring because she doesn’t know how to communicate properly.   We still have 9 months to our lease but every month it’s some new issues and idk if I’m up to deal with her shit that long. I feel like the longer I’m around her, I step more out of my character and that makes me sad cause of all the work I’ve put into myself to grow and be a better person. I shouldn’t let her get to me and usually I don’t but I’m also only human and I do have emotions and feelings that get to me sometimes too.  Part of me is saying to myself that the universe wants me to stick it out and learn and grow from this experience but I’ve done that to the best of my ability since she moved in cause now the other part of me is saying FUCK this disrespect. I’m too old to be dealing with immature shit like this and my peace is more important.   I’ve constantly shown her that I’m always willing to talk and try to fix things and she constantly avoids conversation and avoids any accountability.   It’s hard to work things out with someone who doesn’t want to.   I guess I just don’t know what to do about my living situation at this point. Do I kick her out and pick up her slack of the rent which would put me working two jobs full time and fuck up my work/life balance. Do I terminate the lease all together and am either forced to move back home or get a new apt for myself. Or do I stick it out and try to make it to the lease ?   I wish these were things I could talk to her about but she refuses to talk to me so I’m left venting to the internet.   I feel like my time in denver is not done so it would be a huge bummer for me to have to leave but again my peace is worth much more than anything and the constant disrespect and disregard for me as a human is not something I think I’m willing to continue putting up with.   Any insight or feedback is welcome .
895	1	Ever have a dream were you’re grieving someone who died but they don’t actually exist and you never met them and then you wake up and it just drains you for the rest of the day [SEP]
907	1	The number of lost hair ties across history is overwhelmingly more than the number of lost socks across history [SEP]
247	2	I'm going to off myself at age 50 or so [SEP] What's the point of living past that age anyways? I'm witnessing my grandma that just lost her mind.. she talks to herself, she's awake all night and day, she is a burden as we all have to work. I don't want kids so will no have no one to take care of me, and even if I did, I wouldn't do that to them so at age 50 I'll just off myself.. easier than being alive, having my diaper changed, not knowing that's happening around me.. like fccck that! It sucks to see what my grandma is going through.. I don't want nunofthat!
253	3	Why [SEP] Is Life just one big cluster fuck of bad choices and horrible mistakes? Wake me up when it’s all over.
572	2	im depressed asf and miserable and probably about to die in a few minutes, i took hella random pills [SEP]   i hate myself and my life. i dont what i want to do for my future. i dont want to slave for warehouses all my life thats not life at all. i rap and make music, but i cant depend on that, and i doubt i will  be successful in that area  then on top of that im still a virgin, that only had one relationship but it was in 7th-8th grade but i dont count that because we was young and it long time ago. i dont know what to talk about with women, and dont know what to say. i have no flirting skills no nothing. i hate on other couples, even my friends relationship. i hate when they bring up their girlfriends and tell me stories. i hate myself and dont want to be me.  every girl i always approach say they always have a boyfriend. and mind you i wasnt going for “10s”. i approach 3 girls i thought was cute ans they say they all had boyfriends. it might be over for me.. while my friends have no trouble getting girls or a relationship. soon they outta one they back in another like the next week. while i got no girls in years.
655	1	do you think I’m pretty? [SEP] so I have a small rounded figure, short legs, chubby face, round chocolate brown eyes, and small pinkish nose
91	1	How to Live Well: My Philosophy of Life [SEP] A brief description and link to the full document may be found here:  http://philosofer123.wordpress.com  Constructive feedback is welcome.
462	1	I (45F) am dating 2 men and feel like I’m too old for this undefined dating thing [SEP] I (45f) am casually dating two men right now. Both are 40. I have 3 kids 19, 17, 15. One of the men is never married, no kids. The other is divorced and has a 3 yo. I have always been a person to put all my eggs in one basket with dating (once I feel a connection with someone I stop talking with anyone else). After my last LTR, I decided to do it a little differently and now, of course, stupidly, I am stuck with feelings for two people.   I hate that I put myself in this place. And I really hate that I put them in this place by trying to do something different.   I know that I need to make a decision and then tell the other person, I just feel like an asshole for trying something different and putting them into an unfair position.  They are both so different, too, and that also makes it hard because each of them is individually appealing in different ways.  Over the last 2 weeks I have learned that I’m not the type of person to ‘casually date’ but it doesn’t make me feel any less like an asshole just for acknowledging that.   I just wanted to get this out there while I try to sort through the right decision.
990	1	Servants on the planet Vulcan are technically house elves. [SEP]
919	2	Some people pretend to be loving in order to get some sex, but some people pretend to be horny to get some love. [SEP] Growing up I always thought people who would front and act loving and caring just to get onto somebody else's pants were the worst kind of people. But pretending to want sex and be horny in order to trap people into staying with them and feign the idea of being in a loving relationship is just as evil.
32	1	Merry Christmas! [SEP] Merry Christmas everyone. Hope you all will have a fantastic day/night &lt;3
917	1	There’s no way to know if you just handed your debit card to a cashier with photographic memory. [SEP]
343	2	I hate my life [SEP] So for the past 2 years my life has just got to shit. Every month a new thing is just added to it and I just can't take it anymore. I'm so sick if it and just want this cycle to end completely.   I've had to deal with my mum and dad's divorce, my sister attempting suicide, my mum and dad both finding new partners, my mum moving out of the family home and just giving up on her mum role, breaking up with my boyfriend, I'm moving and pretty much am getting no help from my family while my mum gives my sister a house and to top it off my dad is having a baby with his girlfriend! It's due in march but I only found out about it yesterday.  I just can't deal with all this big life changes events happening to me all the time. I just don't know what to do anymore. I feel down about life all the time. I just want stability and to be a bit happy. Sometimes I don't even know what in struggling for. Like I'm going to be working for the next 40 years and why, just to afford to live. It just doesn't seem worth it anymore (I'm not suicidal, I don't need that kinda help)   Idk if anyone will read this but it's good to get it off my chest
389	1	My boyfriend spit on my face [SEP] I’m just gonna get straight to the point. My boyfriend cheated on me. He lied to me so many times as well and he broke so many boundaries. I have zero trust for him. This causes many arguments of course. Today while arguing i said get out of the room. But me being me, i wanted to say one last thing because he wasn’t listening to me and was gaslighting me. While i was talking he just closed the door on me so i opened it and i pulled him back in because i will stand my ground and i wanted to tell him he cannot gaslight me anymore. Then, he slapped me. After that, i started crying and he really SMILED while i was breaking down. I told him “you really are an excuse of a man if you can do this” and yeah he spit on my face. I was startled but then i remembered he did this 2 other times “as a joke”. I waited 5 seconds and my mind was running all over the place. I then decided to do something about it. So i took his spit off my face and slapped it in his face. Now he tells me he loves me. How can you do any of this to the woman you love?
0	1	one of those days [SEP] y’all ever have those days where you feel off? i woke up today and i can’t even function mentally or socially, it’s just a weird day. i can’t explain it but occasionally i’ll have a day where i just can’t do anything right, and i can’t think clearly. does anyone relate? is there a way to avoid this? i’ve been completely sober for over 72 hours, not sure what’s going on.
292	1	Ukraine [SEP] 🙏 To all the innocent trapped in something you do not deserve, stay safe, stay strong. 🙏
629	1	Long Term Disability Insurance sucks. [SEP] Two and a half years ago I underwent an operation on my right shoulder to fix a 95% rotator cuff tear and almost completely severed labrum.  At the time I had a solid career, my own business and I was the primary provider for my family.  All of that went down the drain fast.  I came out of a surgery that was supposed to put me out of work for 4-6 weeks and I haven't been back to work since.  My life completely changed on November 7th 2019.  Being that I have worked my ass off for the last 25 years it is really hard to accept the new me.  I am now on long term pain management and I feel like a useless human.  I still get my long term disability check, and waiting on social security.  Now to the long term disability insurance part.    My last attempt to get better was with a sports orthopedic shoulder specialist who said if I have another surgery I may come out worse..  I am on doctor's order to no longer do physical therapy.  I am no longer a shoulder patient, I am a pain patient.. this is the new me.  I have 3 doctors, including 2 surgeons saying that I am what I am, disabled.  Social security hearing occupational expert has me able to perform 0 jobs at this time.    What else do they need?  The long term disability insurance company can't wait to get me off of their payroll..  constantly haggling for more doctors to look at me, updated records.. doctor visits.  This same company closed my case and stated they have a return to work date for me which they did not.. I had to go through the appeals process and my surgeon sent a very heated letter to them, at upper management level regarding my no work status.  You have long term disability insurance?  Hope you never have to use it, the stress from dealing with these crooked ass people is as bad as the injury and does NOT help while trying to learn the new me!  Come on companies, you can do better than this!  TLDR:. Long term disability companies are shit, don't care about clients and should be ashamed.
282	1	Brushing my Teeth [SEP] I despise how this sounds like im 12 years old but here we go.  I fucking hate brushing my Teeth. I do it, but I hate it. I don't just find it annoying, uncomfortable, disgusting, I fucking hate it. The feel of Toothpaste in my mouth is disgusting and the whole thing sends a shiver down my spine. I just hate to brush my Teeth, I do it regularly, forcing myself, but I hate it. Knowing what would happen if i didn't do it, I do it, But I can't stand it.
647	1	I don't know how to tell my best friend she's making the biggest mistake of her life [SEP] My best friend is so excited to get engaged to her boyfriend of over a year. Every time she talked about their relationship, though, there are some *major* red flags. He has no motivation to go get a good paying job unless it's in a very specific field and pays super well (dude's got barely any work experience so like....how would that even be possible??), he's lazy, cares more about playing video games or watching sports than spending time with her when he's off work, and is showing no signs that he is trying to improve. She acknowledges these issues but brushes them off. "Yeah it's sucky but we're working on it" or "He'll have to stop when we get married because I won't tolerate it and he knows that." Girl if he was going to stop for you, he would have already. I just fear that she is settling and won't have a way to get out once they get married. How do I gently address these things without upsetting her?
692	1	Since Goldfish were named based off of the silverfish bug and were made shaped like fish and yellow like cheese, then Bronzefish can also exist with shaped fish made from regular crackers [SEP]
271	2	Will everything be ok? [SEP] Hi All,  I am currently going through the toughest time of my life. I've lost so much of what I considered important in my life. I feel helpless, powerless, depressed. Every time someone tells me I am overthinking and that everything will be okay, I find myself a bit relieved, only to find myself depressed all over again an hour later.  .  .  I do not know if I'll be okay. Sorry for not being able to disclose my current situation (I would like to but I'd rather not) I am having a really, really difficult time. I don't know you but if you can share anything, any experience, please do. I need it. Thank you.
359	1	TW; sister told my I should kill myself because I’m going blind, and I think about that a lot [SEP] I (24F) was diagnosed with a retinal degenerative condition in which I’m gradually losing my vision. The diagnosis has devastated my self esteem and makes me anxious about the future. I don’t have a great relationship with my sister (18). One time we got into a argument, she told me I’m better off just killing my self because I’m going blind and my life will be difficult. She also poked my eyes to hurt me. I think about that moment a lot. After she said that I don’t think I want to be involved in her life anymore. I don’t know what I’m trying to get out posting here but it would be nice to hear peoples thoughts
27	2	Am I suffering for a reason? [SEP] I feel awful and I don't know why. I don't want to do anything, I don't think I even want to exist. Can people just suffer for no reason? Does that exist? If it does exist then HOLY SHIT is this world a fucking hellhole  god i feel like such an immense knob saying and writing and thinking this but i just don't know
229	1	why do people lie? [SEP] what’s a reason you can justify lying?
915	2	Walking a mile in someone else’s shoes that happen to have the same size feet wouldn’t teach you shit. [SEP]
675	2	A good portion of parenting is ensuring your kids hurt themselves just enough to avoid permanent damage. [SEP] Just enough so they know what to avoid later on but not enough to, you know, actually hurt them.
999	1	Good and great are often seen on the same scale but goodness and greatness are not. [SEP]
454	1	I dont wanna be weird [SEP] So basically me and my gf were snuggling the other day and i had my hand on her shoulder and was living the dream so closed my eyes. i take my hand off to scratch my head and then put it back on. i then take it off again, and realise it wasnt her shoulder-it was her chest. i now feel rlly bad abt it bc im worried she noticed and just didnt wanna say anything but at the same time im scared if i apologise for smthn she doesnt realise i did she might think it was weird of me...but at the same time she might just say 'its fine'. basically i wanna apologise but dont know how to do so. please help its 1am and im stressed abt this :,)
650	1	'get a job' [SEP] No.
695	1	Every man on on earth has a small amount of pee on their leg(s) at all times from splash back. [SEP]
120	1	How did you find yourself? [SEP] I’m in the process of “finding myself” right now after realizing how lost I am in the changes I’m currently experiencing and am wondering if there were any certain ways you guys were able to find yourself/develop a strong sense of identity?
155	1	I didn’t use the internet for 3 years [SEP] It felt so good  But what’s up with girls using “she/her” and clown emojis  Did I missed something?
516	1	Are we toxic [SEP] Me and my bf are separate signs.  Him being a libra and me as a pisce. We are extremely sexual with each other  and I end up feeling flustered.  I research our capability of our signs. I guess this is starting to sound obsessed.  Plz tell me which one is
278	1	How to know your life goals [SEP] I still dont know what my goal in life is I dont know what I want to learn I dont know if I want to become an artist a streamer or anything else
566	1	I have an unexplainable feeling after seeing a podcast with an actress [SEP] I don't really know how to describe it, I wouldn't say I'm angry but I can say it pisses me off. Idk if the two are mutually inclusive.   I just the titles of 3 different podcasts eith the same actress and they were all like "[actress] opens up about the men in her life" or "[actress] talking about past relationships" and shit like that. I didn't watch them but I was like "for real...?"  Why do you want to make it look like the interview is solely built around that? Why is that so important? I'll tell you why, for all the lonely jerk offs to click and rub one out. Unbelievable.   She is smart, funny, humble, a very very good actress (my favorite) and has played in a number of interesting productions over the years. She is also very beautiful but still, I bet there were more important and interesting things to discuss than her relationship and god knows what else. Alright, I didn't watch them, maybe that wasn't the only thing, but surely there were more captivating stuff to put in the title.   Idk, maybe I'm picking at straws, but judging by her instagram and bloopers and fans interactions she seems like a really great person, the kind you'd want to be friends with, and they reduce everything to her past relationships.   Sad.
519	3	im depressed asf and miserable and probably about to die in a few minutes, i took hella random pills [SEP]  i hate myself and my life. i dont what i want to do for my future. i dont want to slave for warehouses all my life thats not life at all. i rap and make music, but i cant depend on that, and i doubt i will  be successful in that area  then on top of that im still a virgin, that only had one relationship but it was in 7th-8th grade but i dont count that because we was young and it long time ago. i dont know what to talk about with women, and dont know what to say. i have no flirting skills no nothing. i hate on other couples, even my friends relationship. i hate when they bring up their girlfriends and tell me stories. i hate myself and dont want to be me.  every girl i always approach say they always have a boyfriend. and mind you i wasnt going for “10s”. i approach 3 girls i thought was cute ans they say they all had boyfriends. it might be over for me.. while my friends have no trouble getting girls or a relationship. soon they outta one they back in another like the next week. while i got no girls in years.
513	1	I’m trying to get my GFs roommates dog to P on her door [SEP] GF has an awesome well trained hunting dog. Her roommate and home owner has a little dog that isn’t neutered (idc about its balls, I prefer dogs to keep them unless behavior displays otherwise) that marks various spots of the house.   I never thought I’d do something like this but here I am lol.   It marks the back corner and opposite front corner of the living room couch that’s primary for TV watching, it marks the corner of the main floor bathroom door frame, it marks the owners religious shrine and various other parts. You can barely do i to any room without getting a whiff of piss at some point.   The roommate and her husband don’t train it, don’t like the dog and highly neglect (not abuse, just neglect it. It was a “good idea at the time” dog). Dogs like 6 and GF cant spend the time to try to train it. Owners just ignore the markings and the dog. I’m usually the one to clean it up.   All in all it’s a great house, really like the owners, everything is about as good as you could hope in a house with a married couple and 3 woman except for that damn dog.   So sometimes when I pee, I get some on toilet paper and I rub a little on the owners bedroom door in hope the shit dog starts marking their bedroom. Nothing has happened yet, but my intent is that they won’t be able to just ignore these markings like the rest of them, and so they will either get rid of the dog or neuter it cuz they sure as hell won’t train it.   I don’t care if it’s nasty and weird. I know it is. But everyone on the house hates that this dog pisses on stuff but does nothing about it. No sprays or anything has worked in the past.   GF moving out doesn’t make sense cuz everything works well. It’s just annoying having this dog mark stuff. So I’m trying to make this dog marking stuff a situation the owners can no longer ignore when it’s literally on and outside their bedroom door.
97	1	Humanity [SEP] I have this thought that my privacy has been taken, but I hope whom ever has had the opportunity to venture into other lives can see they are not alone, that the souls they have seen could change their lives for the better, I can imagine it is an unbearable burden, filled with pain and hopelessness, but there will always be the one person to change the world and bring whatever humanity has dreamt of as the perfect world, the perfect person, the hero that saves us when we need it the most, the next hope for humanity, the salvation of happiness and joy, what a weight to carry.    If you find them, please help them, because I believe, without that one thing, that one virtuous quality of love within their lives, their one wormhole from becoming the exact opposite, but believe in fate, believe in destiny if I dare say, because without that, what would we all be, than an “inpuritical” mess.   Love each other, show compassion, let out the empathy you’ve been shown, just believe in love, and I think everything will be alright
367	1	I am convinced my dad helped save my nephew [SEP] So… I will try to make this make as much sense as possible!  Lol  Yesterday, my nephew J, fell asleep at the wheel and nailed a utility pole, on the drivers side then flipped (we aren’t sure how many times).  The lines on the pole came down and were covering his car.  A witness (we didn’t catch his name, so we will call him W), jumped the power lines and crawled inside the car with J.  After realizing J was completely pinned in, he jumped the power lines again, to get get an emergency blanket, jumped them again to cover J, and stayed with him until firefighters moved the power lines.  At this point they made W move so they could use the JOL to extricate J from the car.  J was then transported by ambulance down to the highway, where he was loaded into LifeFlight (they literally shut down the entire highway - that is how bad they thought he was!)  So here is where my dad comes in… (probably before this, but this is when it hit me). *** My dad passed a long time ago.  Yesterday would have been my dads birthday.  Every year, I have “felt” him around me on this day - Yesterday I didn’t.  *** My dad was “famous” for calling everyone (even me) Fred.  *** J swears he was not alone in the helicopter.  *** LifeFlight does not take the time to get your name and info - they just put in the first thing that comes to mind.  They named J Frod Frig (so close to Fred).  When J told me the story after he got home, I instantly “felt” my dad and KNEW that he was with J the whole time.  I lost it!  As for J, he is for the most part ok.  Very sore, a broken ankle, but otherwise alive and well!
835	1	If you're a public servant you're technically paying part of your own wage [SEP]
724	1	Since in the movie Cars, the prize for winning is a piston, they’re essentially giving a body part as a trophy [SEP]
859	1	Bass is the garlic of instruments [SEP] May not necessarily taste it but you’d notice if it wasn’t in the dish
383	2	I have zero motivation [SEP] I'm currently a uni student and I just can't force myself to do work. I either leave everything to the absolute last minute or I defer it or I don't do it at all. I can't understand why I do this. I really want to get a good degree, I'm interested in the subject I'm studying and I know that I'm capable of getting a decent enough grade if I put the effort in but everytime I need to do work I put it off and put it off until its too late even though doing this makes me so anxious that I get panic attacks. When I do work I struggle to focus and end up only writing for less than an hour and then giving up. I want to change but I always end up doing the same thing. I feel disappointed in myself all the time.
761	1	1 champagne bottle at the party = celebration of a birthday 100 champagnes at the party = celebration of Fame/Wealth [SEP]
636	1	Found out a person whom I trusted fully had sexually assaulted my younger sister [SEP] I am just in disbelief and sad when I found out. I thought I could trust him because he raised me like a son and I saw a him a bit of a role model. Now it been pretty much soiled. I had my suspicions but fudging heck, now every memory of him is now me thinking about is this sexual assault or did he touch my siblings weirdly.   My younger sister has repressed most of the memories with him. She thinks she is still a great guy. It wasn’t until I explicitly state if he touch her weirdly, a stupid move on my part asking her explicitly, made her realize that he was a bit of a creep. I had my suspicions before but man does it hurt when your guess is correct. She told me once that he ripped out her skirt when she she tried to touch her private parts and she tried to run. Luckily, there was no rape but it a scary thought what could’ve happen.  I should’ve been more proactive. Making my sister more aggressive and tell people. All my other siblings still thinks he is a good guy. Heck, my sisters and brother gave him a goodbye when he going back to his old country to live out of his life. He got a stroke and diabetic so I don’t expect him to live long.   My biggest regret is that my sister experienced it such a young age. She still play fight with me and my brother and love K-pop’s like nothing happens.   Maybe, I shouldn’t bummed myself too out because I was still in Elementary school when she was home alone but I should have told my mom about my suspicions earlier. If it current me and I see it happen I would of stand up but crap man, I hate myself for allowing to happen and super shy outing someone.
466	2	I’m bisexual but I avoid other bi girls and lesbians. [SEP]  I know I’m about to get judged for sounding like a trader to “my” own community and all, but I don’t care lol. I find them so judgmental, gossipy and annoying. Whether they’re masc or femme. I’m aware that not all of them are this way, as I have some friends who are bisexual like me and are angels. But mostly all the lesbians and bi girls I’ve encountered are problematic and like to spread rumors and talk shit about other girls. Either for their appearance or for how many people they have or haven’t slept with. Gay men are that way too. No thanks. I’d pick a straight guy as a friend any day. At least they don’t shit talk. For the most part anyway.
348	2	I can't be an adult. I just can't. [SEP] I've tried. I've tried so fucking hard, I swear I have. I'm up to my ears in bills, I can barely put food on the fucking table. I have a fucking *kid*!!!! I eat a bag of popcorn and some eggs throughout the day so he can eat better things. He needs better nutrition than what I am giving him now, I know  I get so stressed out when things go wrong, it makes me physically ill, and I need to take off work. If I take days off of work, I get a lower paycheck. Lower paycheck = can't pay all my bills. So more stress.   I can't do this. I can't fucking *do* this. I've applied for state aid and keep letting it lapse because opening mail stresses me the fuck out because it's so hard for me to fucking understand!!! I've waited for literal *hours* in food pantry lines, and I just can't fucking do that anymore!!!   My work won't give me more hours.. no one e in my area is hiring, and certainly won't hire me with the hours I need to watch my kid after he gets home from school and all that. And *no*, I *don't* have anyone who can watch him, and the daycares in my area are full, so state aid will not help.  I live frugally. I have never had a vacation in my life. I haven't bought anything new for myself in years, and even used items &amp; thrift shop stuff are extremely rare.  I'm so exhausted.. so overwhelmed.. I just hate myself for being so fucking useless. Why can't I do this..? Why can't I fucking do this??
377	1	heartbroken for something that lasted only 2 months [SEP] A bit of backstory, this girl I'm going to be talking about is a childhood friend. I've known her for most of my life, and I've had a crush on her when we were kids and that's that. We were friends but we weren't really "close" friends growing up. After graduating high school, I moved to a different country and haven't really talked to her since. 3 years later, we reconnected and started talking again, and we really hit it off. 2 months later, I told her that I liked her and she tells me she likes me back. Great. After that we would spend hours on calls just hanging out and doing the most random shit. It was going really well, but at the back of my mind I had the feeling she wouldn't be down for a relationship, a long distance one to be exact. So I shot her the question, If she's looking for something long term or short term. Just to make things clear so I know what to expect you know?  She tells me that "of course I'm down for a long term relationship, I really like you a lot. Who cares If we have a big time difference, I can always make time for you". Fast forward 2 months later, The frequency of calls became less since we're both busy with our own things. And we both fully understand that, of course we still need time for ourselves. I'd ask her from time to time on how her day went through text so we could still talk. But it came to a point where she just wasn't replying and just leaving me on read. I just thought that she was busy that's why she couldn't text back so it was fine by me. But it kept going, so I asked her if things were okay between us. She tells me that everything's fine between us. Great. But lately it really felt that she wasn't putting in the same effort as before. So I told her exactly that, I asked her if she's still down for this because It doesn't feel like it. Every time I try to make an effort to make time for us to hangout she would just brush it off and tell me excuses.  She then replies with a long ass message telling me that I was sweet and thoughtful to her and that she really liked that, but she just wasn't ready for commitments yet. Later on, she adds that she sees me more as a friend. And I just thought to myself "wtf, I thought I got over the friendzone but here I am, back in it." all the things she said about being down for a relationship was all a lie lmao. Now here I am 2 weeks later still not getting over her, thinking where I went wrong.
949	1	For how important the brain is you’d think our heads would have evolved to have a bit more padding around it. [SEP]
217	1	How I get free therapy [SEP] So I live in Northern California (like forests everywhere) so I’ll drive alll the way out into the woods walk for about a mile and just start screaming. I’ll sometimes have a full on tantrum to the point I’ll pop a blood vessel. When I get back on my car I am instantly relaxed.
412	2	My dog is sick and no one understands how heartbroken I am. [SEP] The vet told me my dog has the C word. I feel so much pain inside and don’t know how to truly deal with all of this. I feel like no one understands what I feel inside.
403	1	i feel so isolated from people around me [SEP] im a junior in college (21f) and ive always struggled to kind of meet with or connect with people. i dont have a lot of friends, and even with the people i consider my closest friends, they have other friends or a significant other that they prioritize over me (which is totally fine! that probably reflects more on me than them). i try to make friends and meet people, i put myself out there and shit. i just always feel so awkward and disconnected? i feel like theres something holding me back and i can never say things properly in the way that i actually want to. even yesterday i went to a bar with some people in an attempt to get to know others and yet i never felt so awkward and weird and alone. at this point i think i may just be like htis for the rest of my life and it just sucks
667	1	Left and right handed people almost never use the other side of the butter knife without realising it. [SEP] Only one side of your knives get used, your whole life, i just realised this and it's  obvious but so curious
951	1	More than half of the world’s population have never seen a urinal in person before. [SEP]
857	1	If world leaders are openly talking about WWIII, it may well already be underway [SEP]
90	1	Again today [SEP] Do you know that: You experience something bad, make a mistake or something like that and actually everything would be okay. You would put up with it. But there's just one thing that messes up.
608	1	my kindergarten experience [SEP] Growing up I thought I had a normal kindergarten experience till when I was 15 and saw my kindergarten teacher, lady M, for the first time in years. I greeted her but when she left I started crying and ever since I cry thinking about what I've been through as a kid. This lady, teacher  M, was a burden, physically and mentally. I remember her taking all my toys, slapping me and blaming me for losing stuff that later on she found on her shelf. I recall telling these things to my mother and she wouldn't believe me. Not even once. Not once she came and asked about me, she never believed that I wasn't the liar. I did saw her before two years ago, when I was 18, but I didn't greet her, I wanna delete all those memories. I've retold my mom this story over and over again, she sees my crying everytime and tells me that she's sorry for being a bad mom. But she isn't, she never was, she was just too occupied. It was written for me to bear so here I am, still crying while writing this lol. Thank you for reading and have a nice day/night.
767	2	Soon enough, Caucasian people will be minorities. [SEP]
365	1	I don’t think that I can be friends with this girl anymore [SEP] I’m currently a freshman in college. Back in august I became really good friends with this girl in my class and she kind of pitched this idea of us just like going off campus, into the city and trying a bunch of restaurants. It sounded cool at the time, it sounded excited, adventurous. Well, what started out as like once a week became 3 sometimes 4 nights a week and needless to say that over the past 7-8 months we’ve both packed on a lot of weight, far beyond freshman 15.   I look at it as something that needs to be fixed. She looks at it as something that’s just kind of happened and something we should expect. It’s that attitude with her that now has me questioning if I want to be friends with her going forward
106	1	The Success [SEP] The success ...   It is that long road in which sometimes, we will see such beautiful landscapes and other landscapes not so beautiful. That road on which we go our way, at our own speed. On the way we will find many obstacles, in some the obstacles will come unexpectedly, so unexpectedly that you want to take the car and turn back, some resist and continue the long way, seeing landscapes and having obstacles, when you reach the end of that road, you will be so proud and happy of yourself you will know that it was not an easy road not without those obstacles and unexpected hard battles on the road, but deep inside you will know that without those obstacles you would not be at the end of the road.  Success is what we can be up to today, but we don't know tomorrow!   Courage and do not be discouraged yet you are not who you are going to become.
567	1	I found out that my friend is suicidal and might be getting abused by her parents and I don't know what to do [SEP] Around a few weeks ago I found out that my friend (F14) was suicidal. I only took it seriously a few days ago when she sent a picture of her arm that she had just self harmed. It also had many scars from past experiences (she wears long sleeves to school so that no one notices). After trying to question her without being too imposing, I was able to slowly find out that her parents might be the source of her self harm.   The main focus here is if I should inform the school about her, which could lead to my friend finding out that we had "snitched" and that I'm not trustworthy, or instead try to personally help her, by doing research or consulting a therapist anonymously.  She had mentioned that her parents verbally abused her (she didn't acknowledge the abuse though) by blaming her for everything she did, which most certainly built up a ton of guilt. For example, she was just looking for a school notebook, and her father came in and yelled at her without context. When she tried to defend herself, her father told her that she keeps "playing the victim". Well, she's clearly the victim. Even her sister (6th grade) cried because of the yelling.   What do I do?
625	2	i feel so guilty for being mean to myself for years [SEP] why was i so mean to myself. i've done so much damage to my body when it was only trying to keep me alive. i'm covered in scars and now tattoos because i wanted to distract from the scars. my hair is destroyed from never accepting it. i've finally accepted my nose after 21 years of wanting to be literally anybody else. i wish i could go back and be kinder to myself. i was my biggest enemy. i truly feel so sorry for myself. god i was so cruel. this is the same body i've always been in. so i've technically been saying "fuck you" to all of my past selves including my child-self. she never deserved all these years of self-sabotage. what have i been doing? so many valuable years wasted away. i know i can be kind to myself now but i just feel so much guilt. like i've wasted half my life in self-inflicted misery. i know ill just be self sabotaging again if i continue to feel guilty about this. but i just had to vent
912	1	Whistling is one of the hardest things to do when you’re in a bad mood. [SEP]
267	1	Spotify playlist to help you find yourself [SEP] Here’s a playlist for you… New day New me by Kevin https://open.spotify.com/playlist/1vv38f9nwUrMSUicdojhyU?si=gnchMLXcTLuyRN3CSXSVvg
864	2	It's weird that you couldn't really eat a Jell-O pudding pop anymore without thinking of rape. [SEP]
688	1	Pizza is cheese bread. [SEP]
9	1	My Goals in Life. [SEP] 1. Make a million dollars  2. Not having to communicate with the people I don't want to  3. Have a 6-pack  4. Hang with a famous rapper or an actor  5. Know every programming language (mainstream ones)  6. Increase my IQ by atleast 20 points
134	1	Countryside vs city [SEP] What do you think is a better environment to live in. A nice appartment in a clean organised city or in the countryside but still 25 min drive out of the city.
537	1	I’m sick of hearing that gas prices don’t really affect Americans because we are just whining about our luxurious lifestyles. [SEP] 11.9% of Americans are considered in poverty. The cap income for poverty for a single individual is $12,490.   So approximately 1 out of every 10 Americans makes less than $12,490 per year. $12,490 per year is *NOTHING* in America. That is $1,040 per month. With rent being at an all time high, gas being at an all time high, groceries being at an all time high, etc. $1,040 doesn’t leave you with enough money to buy and eat two healthy sandwiches per day while paying the rest of these bills.  Most people complaining here cannot afford the gas prices and do not have any luxuries that they are unwilling to sacrifice, including myself.
136	1	Anyone here give up on a dream of there's only to end settling for a "normal" life and regret it? [SEP] I feel like I'm at that crossroad and it's a scary and lonely place.
821	1	your birth certificate is older than you are [SEP]
498	1	Secret Farts [SEP] I hide my farts from my husband. He doesn’t need to know how mine smell it sound.
180	2	I had a goal and plan to achieve it but everything fucked up and now I'm lost [SEP] As the title says all shit I was planning just got fucked up and know I don't know what the fuck to do in my life I don't have the energy to study because why I should study I literally don't know what should I do in my life now and this shit make me sad af
48	1	For people who have immigrated [SEP] How did you handle the pain of being in a totally foreign place where you don't belong and everything in your environment being unknown?
945	2	Logically speaking, in your lifetime you are less likely to draw the same hand of cards twice than be hit by a meteorite, extinction is more likely than the same deck repeating itself next shuffle. [SEP]
277	2	How could others enjoy life while others are suffering? [SEP] Does that mean at the end of the day that nothing matters? It’s not real if you don’t think about it right ?
880	2	Sometimes there are cracks in the walls. They always disappear upon examination. The gnomes are hard at work. [SEP]
175	1	Tired of living in a big city? [SEP] For those that have been or are city people, what things made you move out or want to move into a smaller area?  As I approach 30 I feel the excitement of city living has dwindled down and I'm more appreciative if smaller areas. Maybe just a phase because of Covid-19 stuff. I can say one thing I have grown tired of is all of the driving and the time you spend in a car. As I become older I discover better qualities of life in smaller areas as well. Air, nature, housing, etc... Maybe not as much entertainment in suburbs or small towns but as I become older I don't feel I need all those things to make me happy anymore.
357	1	My mum has been abusive my whole life, and I thought she had changed [SEP] I (23F) have never gotten along with my mum, ever. We used to physically fight when I was younger because I refused to put up with her bullshit, I remember her screaming abuse at me constantly and because of her colossal drinking problem I’ve raised my 3 siblings since the age of 11. She was abusive in that time, screaming that I did nothing right, that I was a useless burden, I was weak, and that she wishes she never had me. There was a few years where we didn’t speak, and just got back in contact last year when my siblings (14F, 12M) were removed from my stepdads care, placed into mine, then hers when I couldn’t cope (I had no control over this, I wanted them to go to my cousin)  I thought she had changed, truly. But over the last couple weeks there have been more and more issues with her and my sister, in terms of how she and her asshole of a boyfriend have been treating my sister and brother, who is autistic. Her boyfriend gets in the face of my sister and I have been there to witness and stop him going on massive rants to the kids, and I can’t imagine what he does when I’m not there. My mum lets him and stands by him. There has been numerous times she’s had to call the police on him because he gets so drunk and abusive and refuses to leave. The social workers know all of this and will not move them.   This week was the last straw. My mum tried to stop my sister from going to our uncle’s funeral for ‘misbehaving’ (she’s the best kid in the world - she just speaks her mind) and insisted on asshole bf sitting at the very front of the funeral when family members were pushed behind. She then started a fight at the wake with my cousin while drunk.   Today I got a phone call from my sister crying her eyes out telling me that mum’s bf has locked her and my brother in their room and the house and refuses to let them leave to my grandma’s. I called her to ask why the hell she’s allowing him to do that, and we got into an argument where she starting putting things on Facebook, and of course I put the story straight because she was making herself out to be the victim.   Now for context - my dog has cancer. She is having chemotherapy but will most likely kick the bucket within a year. Today, we had a meet and greet to get her a brother, because she gets along with other dogs and this dog was rescued from a Romanian kill shelter and is the sweetest, calmest dog in the world, and will keep her company. They absolutely adored each other and he’s moving in soon.   She texted me earlier after the argument, when I hadn’t fallen for her bullshit and I told her what’s what - ‘Your dog is dying. Is this really the best time to get another one?’   I replied with ‘Yes, I know what is good for my dog, and if I or the rescue did not think it’s a good idea, we wouldn’t.’   She then starts going on about how it’s not fair on my current dog and kept reminding me that she’s dying, I won’t be able to manage and basically insinuating I’m not good enough. Now I’m 23 years old, with a new job, going to university, living with my partner and looking for our own place that isn’t living with his grandparents. I have good things going for me right now. I can manage financially, I can manage physically, and I can manage emotionally.   In the last six months, I’ve had to quit my last job because of the bullying management, my uncle who was basically my grandpa has died, we got told my dog, who is quite literally my child since I can’t have children, won’t survive the year, I had to cut off my step-dad for finding out allegations of CP and finding out he has a fetish for step-daughters, and took my brother and sister into my care for a month. Now I’m going to cut my mother off again. I don’t know how much I’m supposed to take, I really don’t. I just want a break.
235	1	I have a question. [SEP] Any tips or suggestions, or any good advicements, on living on your own all your life. Like is anybody out there who can give me any good tips about living on your own, not for a certain time, but for all your life. Anything that you can recommend me to start practicing it.
46	1	Think I’ve made a massive mistake accepting a job [SEP] I think I’ve made a massive mistake taking this new job, I thought it would make me happy but it’s just made me 100 times worse as people I’ve spoken to say it’s not a great job.   I honestly don’t know what to do anymore, everything I do just never works out.   This might be me overthinking everything and making it 10x worse when I’m reality it’s not as bad as it seems.
187	1	Maybe I cannot find the simple life that I want. [SEP] I know that most of us also wanted that.   That's why I chose to work in the province because I don't like the crowded city. And I stay low key at my work as much as I can. I love being in the shadow. I don't like conflict. But maybe I cannot be like that in my whole life. I started to involve in more serious function at my work so I became so busy, I need to grow up and learned things because I have subordinate now. Not that I complained. It means that I'm improving and become more mature right?  But I tried to sort things out like I promise to myself that I will always take a  vacation as much as I can or do what I love to do like hiking and participate in marathons.   It's just that when I'm getting a lot of pressure just like now, I started to remember my dream of simple life.   Sorry for the sentiment... I suddenly have the urge to write here...
370	1	It's these posts for me. [SEP] Damn yall gotta lot going on, don't ya? Shiet man
379	1	He was the only friend I had [SEP] I'm 16f and he was 16m.  Going back it time it was always hard to make friends for me. I only really had two friends from Elementary school and middle school and they were sisters who moved to another state in 7th for me. I had no friends for most of 8th grade until I met him. He is so nice to everyone and has so many friends, good looking, and he had a amazing skill with baking and all that stuff. Anyways I had a crush on him since I met him basically and he's the only person I talked to a lot besides a few family members. Yesterday I found out he died in a car crash with his dad to a drunk driver. I couldn't sleep. I cried all night. I am here crying typing this. I have no friends to talk to about it. I don't wanna talk to my family. I don't talk to his friends or even have any of their contacts. I just need to tell someone about my problems, he was the person I went to when I had problems. And now, it feels like everything is gone.
966	1	There’s a lot of people who don’t know how to read or write but not many people who don’t know how to speak at least one language [SEP]
683	3	Our maximum lifetime is ~100 years old because at that point you've seen enough of people craps and you are fed up with human life. [SEP]
766	1	Strange the gas prices keep getting higher but it tastes exactly the same [SEP]
406	2	Public transit fucking sucks and it makes my life miserable. [SEP] **Please don't tell me to just get a car/learn to drive because I tried and it's not an option for me. Please believe me when I say I CANNOT DRIVE**  it fucking sucks, it takes forever to get anywhere and I feel like I can't have a life because of it. I work 3 miles away from home, if I could drive it would take me no more than 8 minutes to get there with heavy traffic. Do you know how long it takes me to get there by bus? FORTY FUCKING MINUTES.  I want to join a local gym but I can't even do that because it would take me an hour each way to get there from work. Why? Because there are so many stops and I would have to cross 4 lanes of traffic at night. The gym is 5 miles from work BTW.  All I do is work and the go home because of I did anything else  I would just spend so much time just trying to get there. I dont have a life and I'm so frustrated, I'm just living in this shitty bubble of isolation. I do Uber once in a while but it's so damned expensive.
887	2	Being with people who don't listen is lonelier than being alone [SEP]
885	1	Giraffes must have a sense of self beyond all other animals in the kingdom, as they can see 98% of their body [SEP]
74	1	How to be a better problem solver [SEP] Want to be a better problem solver? Here’s the 6 steps to effectively find the solution to any problem | including a free printable worksheet!  [6 steps to being a better problem solver](https://youtu.be/FwpkGV-X_sw)
855	1	If a child predator comes to earth people will be hesitant to speak up [SEP] I’m talking about the movie
593	1	i once applied for a job at blockbuster and i might know why i didn't get it [SEP] god, this was so long ago, maybe ten years now?  i'd just moved back to my hometown after living in a much smaller city and was looking for any job i could get to start immediately.  an old neighbour who had known me and my family since i was a little kid was hosting me.  i'd already signed the lease to a room but had to wait until the end of the month for the other tenants to move out.  my neighbour was generously letting me stay with her and helping me to find work in the mean time.  she'd offered to drive me to any interviews i could get and was searching want adds with me.    i'm not sure if she was the one who found the 'blockbuster' advertisement or of i did, but either way i'd applied and got an interview.  when i told her, she offered me a ride and since the store was sort of out of the way, i accepted.  full disclosure, i was a terrible employee at the time.  i wasn't a dick or unreliable, i was just the kind that doesn't get it.  like, i'm surprised i'd never been placed somewhere on the autism spectrum.  this sort of thing probably showed in interviews because i had trouble finding work.  to me, the interview went well but who knows.  i wasn't hired on the spot but that doesn't necessarily mean i didn't get the job.   if i was still in the running post-interview, it wouldn't be for long.  see, when my neighbour dropped me off, there'd been a miscommunication.  she'd asked me how long i thought it would take and i said 'about a half hour?'  she wished me luck and i sort of thought she'd be back to pick me up again in a half hour or so.  the interview had only been fifteen minutes so i was in the parking lot waiting.  i'd been pacing the small parking lot waiting for about a half hour when i finally decided to call my neighbour.  she didn't pick up.    i didn't know the bus schedules in the area so i started texting good friends who i'd kept in contact with since leaving town and had hung out with since coming back to town.  i offered to take one to lunch if she were free to pick me up and she said 'sure, but i'll need at least fifteen minutes'.  i ended up waiting in that parking lot, pacing around nervously within full view of my interviewer for about an hour.  i think it came off as a big red flag and may be the reason i didn't get the job.
340	1	I'm a lesbian that has for the first time at age 29 started dating men [SEP] I'm 29F. I've always dated women. Right from the age of 16, it was straight to girls. I just knew. Yes it helped that I met some wonderful girls that were interested in me and showed me the path, but I just never had that spark with men.   When I was 25, I escaped an intensely abusive relationship I had with another woman while living in Canada. It was torture. Verbal, physical and emotional abuse. Constantly. I was manipulated and then swiftly replaced by someone even more vulnerable than myself (thankfully she too escaped after 2 years).   It took years of therapy and self soothing to piece myself back together. I felt like my life had finally slotted into place - only for all of it to be fake. None of it was real. I had wonderful friends, roommates, a girlfriend and a dog - and all of it was taken away overnight. It did a number on me and I took a break from dating for 3 years.   I began dating women again last year as the world began opening up again after the lockdowns eased. I dates several women one after the other and got myself out there again.   All of them, without fail, either ghosted me after admitting they were in love with me, held grudges for very minor inconveniences for months on end, never communicated their feelings to me and projected their issues onto me. Like no matter what, no matter how relaxed and down to earth she seemed at the beginning, all of them quickly became toxic and wouldn't communicate despite my best efforts to make them feel comfortable. I even began being pursued by another woman who insisted we meet up, only to quickly get cold feet and change her mind.   I've been depressed for months now. Looking back, I've dealt with so much emotional turmoil, ghosting and projecting with women that it's become normal for me to both expect and accept it.   I recently began dating men again being completely upfront that I'm a lesbian, I have only ever dated women, but am interested in getting to know them if they're interested in getting to know me, even if we're just friends.   Holy shit. It is so much easier. There's no drama. They actually seem excited by life and want to go travelling and work on their passions, rather than kinda sit back and expect me to do something for them. They're so much more reliable. There's no ghosting or silent treatments and there is no being rude to me or making fun or me because they feel insecure and project.   Has this seriously what I've been missing? Is this how easy dating and relationships is supposed to be? I can't believe it's taken me to 29 to finally open up and realize this.   Edit: Also please don't direct message me asking if I want to sleep with you because you're a man. I don't. Thanks though?
563	1	I think it's cool Reddit mods are getting representation in film now. [SEP] I think Paul Dano played a pretty convincing one too. Right down to the huge glasses, pasty skin, obsession with games, hatred of the rich, crying when he doesn't get his way, and thoughts of murder.   Really cool to see.
149	1	Career change. Money vs. Happiness [SEP] I have a steady good paying job that I have been employed at for 4yrs. I always think about going into other fields, but randomly just had the thought to be a gaffer. I already make more than the predicted salary. But wouldn’t it be cool to show up and work on a set everyday 😀 ?
83	1	At a stage where I’m just trying to figure myself out. [SEP] Recently left a job that mentally broke me, managed to find a new job but it’s not what I want and I feel like I’m going backwards. I sometimes think what have I done to be given such a difficult life, I then remember there’s people out there that have no job, no money, no home and it brings me back to reality and makes me realise I should be happy with what I have right now, it’s not perfect by any means but I have at least something.
148	1	(24m) Just wanted to say, wishing everyone well [SEP] Just wanted to say everything is going pretty chill with me right now, and I hope things are going smoothly enough for others.
986	2	Mario has a lot of experience as a pole dancer [SEP]
734	1	One day, oxygen farmers are gonna make a lot of money on Mars. [SEP]
965	1	McDonald's can easily make their own cell phone network. [SEP]
23	1	What is the biggest inconvience in your life that should've been solves a long time ago? [SEP] I'm interested to hear. Let's see if there's overlap.
122	1	Tarot Card Readings [SEP] I hope you’re all doing well. I’m here to read tarot cards to help answer any questions about your life that you may have. Whether it be about romance, jobs, your personal journey, I can help you find the answers you are looking for. This is truly my passion and I love doing what I do. This is my dream in the making and your support means everything to me. I’m trying my best to make my business flourish to do this for the rest of my life. My readings are a pay what you can and any amount is extremely appreciated. If you’d like a reading please DM me.   Instagram: kernaka Facebook: Emily reads Tarot Cards
172	1	The analog poise [SEP] I think life is like eq knobs. You have mids, lows and highs and you have to find the perfect balance between them
318	1	life from a 22yo perspective [SEP] I'm 22M, already did my undergraduate, have a stable job, decent money and last but not least, *peace of my mind* aka *my happiness*. so, why am i even writing this post? well, not to preach about life to anybody but i feel like Everyone's as confused as me and figuring out everything on your own (which i did because i trusted myself enough to do) is quite tiring. it's a very long process of going back and forth on every decision no matter how miniscule it is. but in the long run, if you are the decision maker, it gives you a happiness that no matter what the consequences were, you were the one to choose them. if it was bad, you learn a lot and if it was, well, congrats! treat yourself with a KitKat!   i have seen pretty much everything in life, you name it, i must have faced it. financially unstable?✅ financially stable?✅ proper education?✅ improper education?✅ not enough food to eat?✅ enough food to eat?✅ people leaving me?✅ people staying with me?✅. the list goes on but one thing that i realised in all these chaos is that you're the only person who's going to face these issues all the time. so making your own decisions means you're being independent and being independent means you're the strongest! (well not like Hercules physically but mentally? ofcourse yes)   and the only thing that you need to be with you all the time and which is very important is the peace of your mind. this is very necessary. once you know how to be calm during chaos, you're one step away from being the master of yourself. and that step is confidence. how do you stay confident even when things aren't going your way? well being confident and being a peaceful animal are complimentary to each other. whenever you're not sure about something, the peace of your mind takes the lead and proceed on a "we'll figure out something on the way" basis for the task and when you're confident, well, you have already figured it out. you just need to act on it.   now you might ask what is the cost of all these? because there is a price involved for everything and the price for this is your life. because you would never gamble on your life, you act sanely. you decide like a social animal. always looking at the impact and risk involved. you become a lone wolf sort of. no matter how harder problems get, you're always ready to break them down.   now what is the fuel that drives such a high calibre machine? well it's the will power to show the world that you're not a lesser human. you're giving your best all the time and you don't care about the consequences. your intentions are as good as the world's. meaning you're not disrespecting the humanity and not over-respecting too. you're gracious enough. that's beautiful imo. that is the real deal. always try to live life King size. *Godspeed, y'all beautiful folks*
846	1	There have likely been many painful experiments trying to merge knives with forks, spoons, and sporks. [SEP]
376	1	My incestuous twin sister is going to tell my parents intimate details about my sex life [SEP] For context, I (20F) and my twin sister (20F) have never really gotten along. As I talked to my therapist about her, I discovered that my sister is, or was, sexually attracted to me. As little kids, she would force me to make out with her in the bathtub or at friends' houses (a few parents caught her, but would ban us from their house instead of raising any concerns for my safety), and when we got older, she continued to make sexually charged comments about me in public and private, telling people that she'd commit "twincest". In the gym locker room, she'd grab my butt and breasts and no one would ever say anything about it. She and I don't talk much now, but she calls me for "emergency purposes" and then brags about her sex life and how good at sex she is.   At our college, we share a car, so unfortunately, I have to see her every so often so we can trade it off to each other. She's always made this very difficult for me by not telling me when she would take the car or how long she'd take it for. Today (Sunday) was no exception as she took the car yesterday (Saturday) without telling me. The night before (Friday), I had a date with my boyfriend (22M). We are both traditionally vanilla, so we decided to buy some sex toys (paddles, blindfolds, handcuffs, etc.) and have been having lots of fun with them. When I got home, I took all the toys out of the car, but accidentally left my fishnet tights and a paddle in the back seat. We didn't have sex in the car and it's a shared vehicle, so I wouldn't do that. Yesterday (Saturday), she took the car without asking, and when she discovered these, she immediately called me to ask about them (if I used them in the car, if my boyfriend slaps me with the paddle), and to slut shame me, which is unwarranted, because while I don't judge her for her sexual activity, she sleeps around, while I have had one partner for eight months. She was irrationally angry at me for this, as she leaves men's boxers in our car for me to find and I don't say anything to our parents.   Last night, she went out drinking, so she parked the car somewhere random instead of bringing the car back to our spot at my apartment. This morning, she couldn't find the car, so I called my parents to tell them the situation. Shortly after, she found it and all was resolved, but she texted me afterwards and was furious that I told our parents (the car is a 2021 lease and is paid for by my dad, so I thought he should know). She called me a snake and a rat and told me that she is going to tell my parents that I left "a dirty sex toy" in the car in an effort to ruin my relationship with them. I feel very violated and that she is doing this to also get back at me for being sexually active, but not with her. I'm trying to keep my composure, but it's difficult, because my parents see nothing wrong with my sister's actions towards me.
101	1	Becoming [SEP] Immature and adult ... Not every person can achieve it and it's a kinda hard ...and it has nothing to do with age
930	2	There's really two kinds of ppl. Those who consume Ted Talks, and those who consume Tik Toks. [SEP]
577	1	I don’t know what to do [SEP] So I been with this girl for 6 months now last month she moved in with me I think that was a bad idea but I just said yes cause if she didn’t move in then she would of been homeless she started college alrighty and shit and if I break up with her she haves nothing she would be force to live in her car and quit college and I would feel really bad about that and on top of that she doesn’t have a job she’s looking for one but right now I’m paying for her car atm but I just don’t want be with her I’m 17 and she’s 21 what should I do
612	1	My mom sleeps at night now. [SEP] Out of 5 children my mom would worry about me the most. I was the one to keep her up at night. I spent all of my life struggling with my mental health. I always figured I was hopeless and that I’d be struggling forever, or 6 feet under.   In the last year and a half I’ve really taken control of my life. I made the conscious choice to do everything in my power to become the best version of myself and get better. I recently came to realize I no longer struggle as much as I used to. Don’t get me wrong, I still have BAD days. But the good days out-weigh the bad. The periods of depression are shorter and not as intense. I am not where I want to be, but I am no longer the person I was.   My mom sleeps well now.    You are capable of living the life you constantly dream of.
407	1	Want to message an ex to tell her I’m sorry for everything I put her through [SEP] I had the sudden urge to message my ex to tell her I’m sorry for all the horrible mind mazes I made her suffer through. It may be the whiskey it may be the music, but it came up in my mind to say sorry. She may be better to never here a word from me ever again in her life, but this feeling is overwhelming and I don’t know what to do
150	1	life [SEP] poopy butt
346	1	I had sex in a movie theatre [SEP] As the title says… I don’t even remember which theatre it was… I’ve been holding this in for a long time now. Thought this might be the right sub to get this off my mind. Anyways, thanks for reading.
205	1	Tomorrow and Yesterday. [SEP] I truly believe that theres a huge misconception among people trying to be happier, or people attempting to rush through difficult and stressful points in their life. Bad things happen every day to everyone, regardless of high or low standing. People you care about come and go, and the things that you love slowly change and fade away, with that being said however so don't the bad times. The stressful test your dreading will be over with, the job that you hate isn't the last job you have to have, the situation that you're in is temporary. You don't have to change your mindset nor should you have to change yourself if you don't want to, but the point is that change is still inevitable and though the good times pass and the bad times seem worse, they're worse because you've had good times and bittersweet because you know that there is something different from yesterday tomorrow. So please just look ahead, don't cover your eyes at the scary parts, live through them and look as far ahead as you can.
201	1	Don't hold grudges. Forgive people. [SEP] I used to hold grudges badly and hated everyone who ever did me wrong. I kept thinking about this for years and then it kind of hit me..  Holding a grudge doesn't hurt someone who hurt you, it only hurts you and leaves a bit of control left over.   Forgiveness isn't about making amends or letting that person off the hook. It's about taking back full control over your thoughts so you can move on. It's not easy to do, but once you figure out how to forgive, your happiness will grow.
774	1	Dogs have a much more diverse species than cats do. [SEP]
319	1	Did we just miss Easter 😃 [SEP] Was there any news about Easter? (Ik it's been months but... Easter exist?)
995	1	If you get a bf that’s nearly the same size as you, you can double your wardrobe [SEP]
386	3	she was only 15 you blah blah blah [SEP]  I am in my early 20s and i think minor girls are hot ok to you know what  starting the age of 14 and its so weird to me that basically if you have a girlfriend that is physically developed and educated about sx you are a "p3do" a "groomer" and a "rp1st" just because they haven't reached the for some reason god given age of 18 like that makes a difference. I am lucky enought to be born in a proggresive country where the age of consent is 15 and i have been with my girlfriend of 2 years since that age. It's crazy to me that people have an issue to being attracted to younger people there is something wrong with that as if you turn mature suddendly at 18. It is fucking frustrating that people will go out of their way to say rude comments about her calling her a sl\*t and me a p3do.
207	2	Life doesn’t feel the same [SEP] 99% of the time I am always wondering about life &amp; have trouble sleeping bc of it, I’m at a point in life where I don’t find anything as enjoyable as it used to be when I would just go along with life. I sit on my chair doing some homework and think to myself what is the point of this &amp; the thought of learning things that are unnecessary such as the Pythagorean theorem has be at loss, I don’t know how to feel
457	1	Im finally free [SEP] I was 14 when i first spoke to him, he was 18 at the time. I was going through a hard time at that point so i thought fuck it, its just conversations!  After talking for a few months he wanted to meet me, we ended up meeting and he kept getting mad i didn’t want to go to a forest with him and threatened to just go home, so i went. He raped me in the forest. I stopped talking to him after. I tried to unalive a month later and was so sick.  He would message me every few months and mentioned he was “waiting for me to turn 16”.  A few months after i turned 16 i had just left a relationship and was just in a bad space so i messaged him, he told me to run away and come see him. I was so so stupid and i regret it a lot but i left home at some stupid time at night and went to his, an hour away to somewhere I’ve never been and met him. I stayed at his for a week and the police and all that got involved, it was a mess. My family never knew what had happened when i was younger but ended up being okay with me being with him.  I was with him for a few months, leaving for days at a time, my sister had to come and get me at 1am one time because he wouldn’t stop shouting and hitting things, we screamed at each other in the street till he started crying saying i cant leave it like this, my family was really worried for me, but at that point i Didn’t care. He gave me alcohol to the point i was throwing up and couldn’t move, he gave me drugs since he dealt them. He would threaten to kill himself if i left. I tried to unalive myself one night,I was so ready to go and ended up in hospital, i didn’t even get a message, but i did get a video of him sitting in a trap house laughing with his mates.  I felt so trapped with him, he would tell me how no one else would want me. He ended up getting caught with drugs, i cried so much. I stuck with him still, after everything. Social services were doing everything they could to stop this but i was so in love with him still. He would still treat me like shit from that cell. His mum would help him, if i stopped answering calls she would message me and tell me to answer and tell me he needs me. Even from his cell, he still made me feel stuck.   I finally got the courage to leave this week. I told his mum I’m done with it and she passed the message to him. I don’t know how he reacted and im so glad i don’t have to. My family dont know 99% of the stuff that happened between us, but ive been holding it in so long and now im letting go. He gets out in October and im not afraid to say i am terrified for that.  Im almost 17 and im so glad i have my life back, i know i wasn’t with him too long, but it felt like forever.
541	1	I (16m) am in love with a 46 year old man. [SEP] During the summer of 2021 I started hooking up with this much older man. I lost my virginity to him. He was even the first person I ever kissed. I very quickly started to catch feelings. No body else would interest me. I didn’t watch porn on the days we didn’t have sex as I was only interested in him. The sex was amazing for me. I didn’t necessarily like being fucked but I loved that he liked it and I loved the intimacy. Kissing each other while he was fucking me is an indescribable feeling. During sex we would tell each other we loved each other, he obviously didn’t mean it and assured me that he didn’t. But I meant it and he knew that I meant it. In August, after about our tenth hookup, he claimed that he came to his senses and we should stop hooking up until I’m legal (17) which is finally approaching. This decision really fucked me up. I spent the last few months obsessed with this man. Craving him. Upset that I can’t be with him. In October I tried to hookup with another man but I had to leave as I wasn’t into it. That night I went home, called 46m and cried. I told him I loved him. He told me there’s nothing he can do about that. Since we stopped hooking up I have often texted him trying to start a conversation. To be honest I was very annoying. After I told him I loved him he would ignore my text for days. This obviously fucked me up mentally… In January I told him I really want to talk to him. I told him that I was suicidal and depressed and we should talk. He told me that I need professional help and he wants to enjoy his weekend… things haven’t been as bad since then. I am very excited to see him again but I also hate him. I hate that he took advantage of me. I hate that he treated me like shit. I hate everything about him but I still love him. He is still the only person who can make me feel anything. I’ve never loved anyone else and I often feel like he is the only person I can love. I know it is a very stupid decision to have sex with him again. I know it will just fuck me up more in the long term but nevertheless I am drawn to him. Since meeting him nothing has been the same. He is literally the only thing I think about. I think about him all day every day. I know he’s eventually going to stop having sex with me. He will make up another excuse and I’ll be heartbroken again but having sex with him again has been the only thing I’ve looked for to the last few months. I’ve literally counted the days. The age gap is disgusting and huge but at least he’s younger than my parents lol.
1	1	Feeling Discouraged In Life [SEP]  With all the events going on in the world, Ive felt discouraged to try something new and improve my quality of life. I think this is something that alot of people are feeling right now as well, and I wanted to try to put these feelings into something constructive. I made a small video on the topic and wanted to share these thoughts from my own personal experience as well as hopefully relate to anyone else feeling this way. Hope it adds value in a small way and hope you have a great day.
998	1	People born in 2000 don’t need to calculate their age [SEP]
385	1	I’m sick of people not using consent and just doing whatever they want in the moment at all times. [SEP] People don’t use consent for the most obvious things.   All you have to do is ask. Even if someone rejects you or turns you down, you literally never know until you ask and once you ask, it’s over and you move on with your life. Why force things on people? Why not just ask?   You want to touch someone that you don’t usually touch(a stranger, an acquaintance, even a family member you barely see)? Ask first.   Want to come to someone’s house? Ask.  Just ask. All my life I’ve dealt with people taking advantage of me sexually, emotionally, physically, all because they didn’t ask. I have several ptsd from all these events and I continue to feel like it happens to me again and again because people don’t ask me and just have their way with me, whether it’s small or big. If I speak up, I’m always dubbed the asshole or mean girl. I can’t deal with people not respecting my comfort level or boundaries.
186	3	Money [SEP] I honestly want to know how it feels to be a rich millennial that gets pretty much everything handed to them besides a brain... what’s that like
45	2	Retaining our boys to lose [SEP] Women in minorities have been at a disadvantage for all of America's existence.   That resentment has built up. I think right now the narrative is to do two things. One is to completely disempower and threaten the current White men. And it is to totally remove the assertiveness, and boldness of all future men. And it's to create an authoritative positioning with people who are threatening them and their careers or future careers.   It's to make sure that men don't feel like they are the biggest power player in their own lives. And it is to make sure that the children grow up believing fully the new narrative.
547	1	Happy that my wife and I are dieting together. [SEP] I’ve been overweight my entire adult life. Despite this i met my wife and had our wonderful children. She’s beautiful and I’m deeply in love with her. Over the years she has gained weight, as have I. This year i’ve really decided to try hard to lose weight. Nothing drastic, but increasing my activity and really watching what i’m eating. I’ve had my wife’s support the past few weeks, and she’s decided to diet with me. I can’t wait to see our results and i’m hoping to look good for her by our anniversary.
739	2	method actors only play assholes [SEP]
806	1	When you can fart in front of someone it’s true love. When you can fart in front of everyone it’s confidence. [SEP]
141	1	Why do I all of a sudden feel like I'm really old? [SEP] I'm 17 going on 18 in June of 2021 and I feel really old.... Even though I don't feel old I feel more alive now than ever I feel really excited about life and all the things I'll be able to do, but at the same time weirdly scared of turning the age.  Legally I'm going to be an adult but in the mind I don't think I am, I feel around 4 years younger. The psychological aspects of a human shows the mental age of a person and the body shows the physical aging. Idk why I'm rambling on but I just am.  I guess I don't understand why I'm feeling this way, maybe it's because I'm young and don't understand, maybe it's because of my autism because of why I don't understand or it's just because I'm confused.  YAAAAAY! 😂
800	1	Ants must feel our steps like constant earthquakes [SEP]
216	3	Everyday [SEP] Do we wake or actually just fall into another state of being?  When we have an experience do we take from others?  When we see something we all "stop" at that time are we experiencing or are we just the backdrop to the action in the "movie"?  Random thoughts getting sent to the VOID!  Why are connections so needed and so twisted.  We all try to get something from others through relationships and yet are we just being used a little more by everyone?
819	1	The fact that they encourage guessing if you don’t know the answer on tests like the SAT really shows they just care about the score and not how much you actually know [SEP]
137	2	vent about academic life [SEP] i need to vent :)  i'm a first year biomed student and i feel so lost. idek what i want to study, i really don't want to continue in biomed, but idk where to go. also, my mental health is at the lowest its ever been EVER. my health is also bad, constant headaches, no sleep. i just feel so lost and desperate for any advice.
506	1	I feel completely alienated from my mom since she decided that abandonment would be the best option the one time I desperately needed help. [SEP] A while back I was on a medication (1/2 for weight loss if that matters) and had a severely bad reaction that was progressive. Anxiety, depression, memory loss, violent mood swings and eventually suicidal thoughts. It was bad.   Now my mom has been through a ton of trauma in her life and her way of coping when things go really bad is to walk away from it which I understand. She also had a medical thing come up which makes her short term memory really bad. She and I also have a really good relationship if not codependent at times.  Que a couple of weeks ago. The side effects got out of control and my mom and I got into a fight which led to me having a complete nervous breakdown. Worst I’ve ever had, it was so bad. During the fight my mom realized that part of the reason the fight got out of control was because of something she forgot. She apologized and we talked through it and figured out that the side effects of my medication were making me severely unstable. I thought we were okay. Next morning I’m at school, just got out of work called my mom and she was pissed. Starting talking about how she’s just going to essentially walk out of my life because I’m turning into such a scum bag. (You can look at my former posts for clarification) Also she’s rethinking her choice of having had children. I was devastated  and offered to find another ride to my doctors appointment and my mom screamed at me that if she “had to put up with anymore bullshit I will never speak to you again. I will become a hermit in the house whether you live there or not.” I hung up after that and honestly that was the closest I have ever come to ending my life. I called my best friend and she talked to me for over an hour before my mom texted me asking me if I was okay. I didn’t respond so she called me and then comes a 2 hour conversation of me crying and trying to convince her that cutting off all relationships with me was fucked up. Her reasoning being that she had messed up and might mess up again in the future and so the best thing for me would be for us to go our separate ways. Two hours later she finally got the message that that was fucked up. Especially because I had stood beside her through every medical situation she has ever been in and now she’s ditching me when things get tough.  Few weeks later and things are fine. I got off the medication and am okay and frankly she’s forgotten about the entire thing. I however feel completely betrayed. I have no faith that my mom would stand by me if something went wrong and I feel like I’m going through the motions of the relationship. I feel guilty because I know this is a trauma response that my mom has and it’s not her fault, but I honestly just can’t move past it. I’m just waiting for my mom to decide to end the relationship because of something dumb and I have no hope that she won’t. I feel like a jerk for feeling this way because she’s had a rough life and she needs me. But I just feel broken.
839	2	Wishing death on someone is a wish that is guaranteed to come true [SEP]
914	1	A half full glass is 50% but a full glass is only 80-90% full [SEP] Someone asks you if you'd like your drinking glass filled up.   They give you the option between either half full or full.     If you say you'd like the glass half full they fill it up roughly 50% of the way.   If you say you'd like it full....they're going to fill it roughly 80-90% full.
414	2	My experience with absolute loneliness [SEP] All my life I have feared what it was like to not have friends, or people close to me. I’d surround myself with anyone who would be there, even if it wasn’t permanent or pleasant. It made me feel like I was normal and acceptable, cause it seems like everyone else had someone. But at this point in my life, I have no one.  For the last year I’ve been depressed, and it finally reached it’s peak about a month ago. High school is rough, people don’t like you unless you meet their expectations on who you should be. When I stopped being able to do that due to how unhappy I was with myself, I lost everyone. But somehow, all my fears did not come true. I’m just the same as how I was with friends, except a little more freer. I can do what I want, dress how I like, spend time focusing on my health, and it’s pretty okay. I’ve sacrificed the major security that comes with having someone to eat lunch with, or someone who wants to just hang out with me, but I’ve found that the only choice I have is to be okay with that. To keep moving on. Now I can try to get my grades back up so I can achieve my dream college.  At the same time, I still get these bouts of insecurity every time I go to school. When I look at these kids I’ve known my whole life, and all these people I haven’t known, I see them with their person. Their friends, lovers, family. And all I can think about is how undesirable I must be for someone to not want to be that person with me, how there has to be something fundamentally wrong with the concept of me as an individual. Is it the looks? The way I talk? The things I like? Am I the perfect person to be just an acquaintance with? What is stopping me from finding that connection? Do I wait? Or do I find it myself?  I love the way I can do things without being judged, but I wish I could find someone to do them with. I probably don’t need them, or will ever find them, but maybe, with time, that will be okay.
534	2	Why do I have to look so ugly [SEP] look so fucking ugly I feel like no woman will want me especially from my side I look fucking stupid
685	1	When we're young we watch movies that teach and answer questions, when adult - movies that ask questions [SEP]
597	1	My friends think my ex raped me but I’m not sure [SEP] I (29nb) always thought that the relationship I had with my ex (28nb) prior to my most recent ex (back in 2016-2018) was toxic, but not abusive per se. But it turns out that my friends all think that they raped me at least once, maybe twice - but I’m not sure it quite rises to that level.   The first incident we had both been drinking, but I had been drinking much more than them and apparently I blacked out because I don’t remember anything that happened next. Apparently we had unprotected sex, which is definitely not something I would do sober. At some point they realized that I had passed out, and according to them they stopped once they noticed that I was unconscious. I didn’t find out that this had happened until a year later when I asked them where they had cum the time we had unprotected sex because I couldn’t remember (I was also slightly blacked out the time to which I was referring, but not so much so that I didn’t remember it happening at all) and they asked me “which time” - which kind of freaked me out because I had no idea we had unprotected sex more than once. I woke up the morning after the time I don’t remember on my back, so they didn’t even turn me on my side like you should when someone has passed out from drinking, and they never checked in to make sure I was okay after I passed out in the middle of sex or to see if I wanted to get some plan b, so that all hurts my feelings to say the least. Clearly I was too drunk to consent if I was losing consciousness, and it does bother me that the fact that they phrased it like they stopped “once they noticed” that I was unconscious which implies that they might have been fucking me for a bit while I was passed out. My friends don’t trust that they actually stopped once they realized I was unconscious but I choose to believe them. So, all in all, while there was clearly an inability to consent on my part and I do feel kind of fucked up about it, I’m not sure that it rises to the level of rape, assuming that they did actually stop once they realized that I was unconscious.  In the second incident, they had sex with someone else who told them that they might have hpv and then neglected to inform me of this until after they got an unprotected blowjob from me while I was half asleep. It was my own dumb fault for not insisting on a condom since we were in an open relationship (they still managed to cheat on me because they lied about sleeping with people a number of times, even though literally all they had to do was tell the truth and it would have been fine because we were in an open relationship??) so I should have been more careful, but also I was literally half asleep and not thinking clearly and it was a blowjob so there wasn’t a chance I could get pregnant from it (I actually barely remember the end of it and don’t remember them leaving after because I completely fell asleep). But I feel like it was their responsibility to inform me about the increased risks to my health, and I do feel like they violated my informed consent by not alerting me to the fact that they might potentially have been exposed to hpv. (I always tell potential new partners about this incident, because it think it’s important for their informed consent that they be made aware of all possible risks before we have sex.) So, again, a bit of a grey zone in terms of consent.  I always considered this my one relationship that was just toxic rather than out and out abusive, so it was kind of depressing to hear my friends tell me that they think this one was abusive as well.
974	1	porn stars are the most micro managed workers [SEP]
858	1	Maths was created by bored people. [SEP]
154	3	Sometimes I think it’s dumb people around me that makes life a painful place to live in [SEP] Just my rant for the day.
191	3	People everywhere [SEP] There are so many people everywhere, on the streets, in shops, in cafes, but all those people are just images of people, they have no depth or reality. Every person you see is a fucking PERSON but you don't see that, you see a passing figure, and they see you the same way. Are people even special? There's so many people there's just people everywhere and they're all real and there's so many of them
723	1	You need a license to drive but anybody can be a parent [SEP]
809	2	College is all about paying a bunch of pieces of paper to get a piece of paper that helps you get more pieces of paper down the road [SEP]
790	1	Waves of people whose age is the last two digits of their birth year only happen bi-annually [SEP] This year, people born in ‘61 turn 61. It will be two years until it happens for the ‘62 crowd.
838	1	If someone works 24/7/365, then they get one break every 4 years [SEP]
339	1	i fucking hate suffering with scurf [SEP] I have chronic scurf problems, since im 12. Every month i need to pay a lot of money for anti-scurf products, one day without them and my head will scratch as hell  Also i cant let my hair and beard grows as much as id like :(
274	1	Is it true what they say that before becoming something great in life, you got to fail and be embarrassed by a lot of people? [SEP] Most of the time, I hear these self-made businessmen saying that they would often be made fun of, or they were bullied, or like they always fail like even from just doing the simplest of things.  I mean yeah sure, they're true, but like, is it just like a stereotype? Or like are there other ways to not be made of fun of or be an embarrassment towards others?
973	1	During the Crusades, road traffic was dominated by angry motorcycle gangs just on real steeds. [SEP]
422	1	My estranged father just invited me to his wedding [SEP]   I’m not planning on going for many reasons obviously. I haven’t spoken to him in almost two years now. He was abusive and manipulative by the time I got to middle school, but he wasn’t always like this. When I was a baby I heard that all he did was be an amazing father and would give anything for his family.     But when I was six my parents divorced after he cheated on my mom with a family friend. They’ve been together ever since, and I had to grow up seeing him constantly put his girlfriend over me and my sister constantly. He would lock us out of the house when she came over and sometimes even physically dragged us out. His abuse went further outside of that, but it got to the point where I cut contact and moved in with my mom full time.       The woman he’s marrying is the same one that he cheated with over 10 years ago. He sees her family as his own and he’s willing to have them take priority over his own children. The woman’s  never tried to be close to us and constantly enables him. Even when he was screaming as I was sobbing on the floor she did absolutely nothing. To me she represents everything that’s gone wrong with my life and I hate her with almost every fiber of my being.   But I got the wedding invite earlier today and just knowing I won’t only have to carry the last name of my father, but also that woman has made me feel really upset. I don’t really know how to describe it right now honestly, I just don’t really have anyone else to talk to about this at the moment.
334	1	Yo, quit talking in the theater! And stay off of your MF phone. [SEP] you selfish, annoying MF ruin movies for everyone around you.   folks are trying to get immersed into a story and half of you are taking pictures and allowing your children to talk during the movie.  youre disrupting the immersion. you're killing the vibe. you're the inconsiderate person in the room of people trying to enjoy a movie.   people are straight up having sex with people around them in the theater now. No shame in these MFs. teenagers don't go to theater to kiss and grab ass, they just go and hump. "oh are we being too loud sorry!" MF! I'm trying to watch this MF movie bro! God damn!  people are having full on conversations about non-movie-related topics in the theater. just not giving a F.   it's driving me up the wall. I cringe and grind my teeth in frustration. can you POS people please stop being a POS for just 2 hours. yall really look for a public place to show everyone how shitty you are just to ruin as many people's experiences as possible... i can't go to the theater anymore. it's too much of a hassle trying to contain my self-control I can't even focus on the movie when I'm thinking about me being the dude over reacting. me making the scene. I'll really be the one killing the experiences when I yell at folks to keep quiet.   Please. stop busting your phones out during a movie. please be quiet. please.  your phones are bright. the room is dark. your bright phone disrupts our focus. your phone flashing in the dark isn't cute. you probably post it on fb to let all your friends know how annoying you really are to take a picture inside a MF theater.
246	1	Raise interest [SEP] Always make the people who are not interested in trying new things work their way out with simple projects
72	1	How Important are Sacrifices ? [SEP] I feel like I can do much more more in my Life.   If I permanently sacrifice two things - Games, Music.   Right now more than games, I need to stop listening to Music, cause that is affecting me more than games.   But still I need to stop the two.   I didn't touch any games for a week.   Then my mind started cheating me by telling that you need to play for relaxation.   But one thing is at this stage I can never play games as a relaxation, I would only play it as an addict (Its not that bad though tbh)     So I wanted to ask to the people who have did some permanent sacrifices,    How tough was it for you to do them   Plus, were they worth it when you look back at it.   What all did you do to not slip back into old habits
777	1	There will be no referees or linesmen in the future of football [SEP] Rules in sports takes time to change because of tradition. We've just recently adopted VAR which is still in it's infancy. I do believe that in due time we will not have officials in it's traditional capacity and football will be refereed from a screen, eliminating reactional errors and the effect the crowd and players have on the match officials. We are humans and we make a lot of mistakes. A lot. I will be looking forward to this although the 90's football will still be a fond memory.
15	1	Tarot Card Readings [SEP] Tarot Card Readings  I hope you’re all doing well. I’m here to read tarot cards to help answer any questions about your life that you may have. Whether it be about romance, jobs, your personal journey, I can help you find the answers you are looking for. This is truly my passion and I love doing what I do. This is my dream in the making and your support means everything to me. I’m trying my best to make my business flourish to do this for the rest of my life. My readings are a pay what you can and any amount is extremely appreciated. If you’d like a reading please DM me.
116	2	6 years of reading [SEP] I don’t really know where to post this so I’m just posting it here.    I think I’ve spent a good 7 years of my life being an avid reader, devouring books one after the other and just spending hours on end reading. From ages 10-16, I loved books and a lot of who I am as a person is due to books. I’ve learned a lot and I don’t regret it.  but I’m almost 19 now, and sometimes I look back, and honestly all I’ve done is read? I’ve just been in countless fictional worlds, through so many different lives, but then when I think about my own life, it’s sad? Looking back I’m pretty  sure somewhere down the line, I was using it as a form of escapism. I dunno. I haven’t really been able to read a book like I used to either.   its just, so many people developed themselves through their hobbies, they practised at stuff they were passionate about, worked hard and got better. They participated a lot, just did a lot ig? and I look back, and all I’ve done is read.   I wish I had done more. I’m just kinda sad all the time now, I really don’t have much motivation or ambition, no drive or determination. I feel like I’m rotting away. I can’t even read now, and I find myself jealous of ppl who had like physical hobbies they worked at?   why do I feel like I’m out of time? I feel kind of empty. I can’t even articulate my own thoughts properly or put my feelings into words.   ah.
266	2	The hardest lesson of all is realising you’re a fraction of the person you thought you were [SEP] Unoriginal, but it’s been super upsetting to realise that in the company of most others, outwardly I express only a very small part of the real me. Very few people really know me.   I feel I have so much to offer, and so much love and happiness in my heart but my anxieties and social awkwardness sometimes hold me back. I find it hard to express myself a lot of the time, especially to the people who I really respect / admire.   Working on it but it seems to be a long journey.
185	1	Looking to open a P.O Box [SEP] I'm filling out a P.S Form 1093, and it asks me for my ID # from my Voter Registration card. I have a Michigan Voter Identification card, but that doesn't have any outstandingly relevant numbers. Am I looking at the wrong card, or am I just missing it? Also, after setting up the P.O Box, does the USPS send anything about confirmation or payment to your home address?
58	1	Thoughts on this [SEP] If an acquaintance you’ve met once picks you up  for a favor you asked that was ten mins away and the driver gets into a little accident costing $300 along the way, is it right for the driver to ask the person who they picked up for all the money? Because the reason they were even doing this was because of them. The person getting picked up wasn’t driving. The person getting picked up offered to get the driver lunch but that wasn’t good enough and they pretty … curious what people think the right thing is in this situation
56	1	What is the ultimate aim of life? [SEP] For me it’s to pursue happiness. Whatever I do it’s to make me happy. Do most people think that way? If not what is the ultimate aim?
863	1	The March Madness Selection Show probably has the least viewed analysis of the tournament out there [SEP]
991	1	We buy trash bags just to throw them away [SEP]
875	1	The sun is rising at some point on earth at all times. [SEP]
621	2	I'm scared I'm going to fail college. I'm scared I can't finish. [SEP] I feel like time is running out and I can't get anything done. I keep trying but it's like everything and everyone is against me. My mental health is wrose than ever. There are issues within my family that make me just want to curl up and cry all day. I need to interview people for my thesis but no matter how many people or organizations I reach out to no one will get back to me. My deadline is only 2 weeks away. I just want all the stress and anxiety to go away. I just want this to be over. I'm scared I won't be able to end on a good note. I'm scared I'm not capable and everything is against me.
59	3	Are we in the modern dark ages ? [SEP] Does anyone else feel like the current state of the world doesn’t contain much room for exploration ? To me it seems like we’re all doing small and incremental improvements but there’s little indication of any potential drastic changes.  I feel like the internet and mobile phones were the last really groundbreaking changes to society after which we all somehow become so much more connected(virtually) yet isolated (physically)  Maybe it’s just me but I’m having a hard time understanding how we’re all gonna optimize our digital lives while being stuck in 20th century physical lives. What’s the point of life when there’s so little to be excited about our future?  And no, crypto and the metaverse will not save us.  Should I just buy a dog ?
245	1	Tell me one thing that is absolutely perfect as it is [SEP] Can’t be improved. Can be anything.
451	3	I hate food [SEP] I hate food. I hate eating. the only reason I eat food is to keep living. otherwise, I think food is for real overrated. it's all gross textures and extreme temperatures. I have never eaten anything that tastes good for more than three bites, after that everything tastes like muck. when I finish meals, I feel nauseous and swollen. if I could be fed directly through a feeding tube, I would. also, could not get my calories through drinks. the texture grosses me out and flavored drinks taste like vomit. would love to be shipped out somewhere in the Arctic and spend the rest of my life licking a glacier. that would be nice.
690	1	For a colorblind person, a lot of countries have identical flags. [SEP]
948	1	It’s impossible for both you and your best friend to go to each others funerals. [SEP]
441	3	[m26] I just want to be held [SEP] I’m no longer in a relationship and I’m having a tough time choosing between finding someone compatible to feel some sort of affection or just laying low for a bit and working on myself. The former isn’t ideal for obvious reasons.  It’s been quite a long time since I’ve felt any physical affection, even within my relationship due to long distance. I miss being smothered after a long day of work. I miss tender love n care. I miss a titty in my hand or my face stuffed against them. I miss the pheromones and being able to be at peace in someone’s warm embrace.   Everyone on tinder/bumble/hinge seems to just swipe in hopes of finding someone to take them and their friends out on a fucking boat as if that’s what matters in life.   Im feeling pent up and needed to rant. Thanks for listening
536	1	I want to have sex now [SEP] I am a male and I just turned 18 and I want to feel what sex is like. I am also into cyber sex too. Hopefully I can have sex soon, BTW my snap is nick_h857
793	1	The only reason why people still leaen Latin in school is because it make things sound important. Ego veni, imbrem, ejaculate, relinque. Ego sum in pace. Ego sum mundatus. Ego sum unus [SEP]
628	1	Someone is trying to kill me. I think. [SEP] This person does own weapons, Has threatened to do it before, and has been hurting me in school now. Nobody believes me and yesterday he said better start hiding because no matter what I will fucking find you. The cops done even know what to do and this guys parents don’t give two shits.
320	1	Can anybody really believe their own age? [SEP] I’m currently 18 and turn 19 this year. Next year I’ll be 20. I don’t understand how it all happened. I swear I was just 14/15. I’m finally picking up pieces of myself over the last year or so and I’ve done better off and on.   Does anybody really get stuck on accepting their own age?
725	1	St. Paddy’s day is the perfect holiday for people with a fetish for being pinched. [SEP]
884	1	Men sleep without shirts and women sleep without pants [SEP] Generally!!
552	2	I'm so sick of myself. [SEP] Based on what I've learned about depression (I've been studying psychology for 4 years now) I've suffered from it as long as I can remember. I can't even recall when my first suicidal thought was. I've always tried to find some stupid reason to keep going, but now these reasons are running out. The only thing that keeps me alive right now is my boyfriend; I don't think anyone in this world would miss me if I decided to just end it. Yes maybe they would be sad for a couple of days but that's it, I feel like I never was capable to make a difference in anyone's life. I just feel so useless, I have no talent and can't do anything in particular. Since I was 18 I spent my whole life hypersexualizing myself because I feel like what I can give sexually is the only value I hold as a person, and even in that I'm inexperienced and feel so unattractive. I am incapable of making friends, and I don't really have anyone besides my bf's friends  and even they seem not to hold me in much consideration when I don't offer to give them a ride or offer to host gatherings at my house (which is funking difficult anyway because my parents are toxic). I wish I could go to therapy to unwind all those years of mental abuse that made me feel this way about myself, but I can't afford it and I just want to end it, keep on living has been hard. I started playing the assassin's creed saga for the first time a couple days ago to keep me entertained and hopefully feel better, but when I log off I just feel worse. I know there are worse problems but I just feel lost. Sorry for the rant but I have no one else to talk about this to, I don't want to scare anyone or be a burden since I'm even too fucking coward to actually follow through with my thoughts, so I probably will never try anything. I'm tired of being the problem child and of people living me because i feel like shit, it's much easier to put on a haply face and just pretend I'm "just feeling a little sad" that day
221	1	Talk to me about your life [SEP] Hey guys so I've had this idea of talking to people about life in a podcast. But I need some guests :) I want to ask questions e.g   What's the best experience you have ever had   Where have you traveled   What's the worst thing you have ever seen   Or anything that you would like to talk about   I will make sure not to push people into answering questions they are not comfortable with   If you would like to star in my first episode please respond or get me a DM   Thanks !
829	1	We already know what happens when we die because it’s the exact same as before we were born [SEP]
548	2	I have an extremely unhealthy emotional mindset that I hide from everyone and it’s gradually eating away at me. [SEP] I need to constantly obsess over a single goal/objective (usually tangible/physical/measurable goals) so that my mind doesn’t wander and constantly overanalyze and spiral into anxiety.   I bottle things up and ignore them whilst obsessing over other things so I can pretend those problems don’t exist.   I try and not take interest in things or people because I have tendencies to over analyze and over think to the point of exhaustion.   I “feel” better emotionally/mentally and more stable when I’m alone,focusing on my own thing despite that probably not being the healthiest thing for me.   Have been getting close with someone recently and I know I should probably distance myself as I know I’m most likely not emotionally mature enough to get into any sort of relationship.   Recently feel like it’s up to my fucking throat. But on the outside I’m completely “normal”. Not even my closest friends or family knows about this nor do I really want to let them know. Which I guess is why I’m on here.   Quick little rant for y’all. Thanks for listening:)
10	2	Yk what’s sad? [SEP] How i didn’t even ask to be born and yet people still tell me that i should always be grateful that i’m alive…  If only I could give my lifeline to those who actually wants to live more than i do, then I will😔
944	1	It is said that a rabbit foot brings good luck but that isn’t true for the rabbit that just lost its foot. [SEP]
269	1	I don't know if this is the place to put this on but... [SEP] I am a 15 year old who was gonna get a job soon in my town, but due to COVID I couldn't really get one. So I was wondering what are the options for an online job? Any ideas?
20	2	Past life [SEP] Don’t know what I did in my past life to deserve this but it must be horrible...
135	1	Is talking with yourself usually weird/sick? [SEP] Like if you were talking yourself actually not just a word or two to yourself. Like actual conversation almost.   I worked with a guy for a day project at a winery and he had his mask on but prob no bluetooth and he was talking and laughing to himself. Mumbling. He was young maybe 20s. He had a slight gangster look, just because of his clothing (lots of red, style etc) but I don’t know if that is a gang behavior. He was able to drive a nice car so he was somewhat stable. Still, it was odd. Usually most people that do this are homeless.   I myself may say a word or briefly talk to myself mostly when UTI
496	2	I cheated on my gf. [SEP] I think about it everyday and it’s almost been a year… I don’t know what to do anymore I feel like that was my only shot at a really beautiful relationship and I just messed up bad, I loved her so badly. She didn’t deserve it. Sorry C.L.
372	1	Jesus is not in the bible [SEP] Because his actual name was Yeshua. Which translates to Joshua. Jesus wasn't his name at all. It would be like if you died a martyr and they praised you by the wrong name. There is no Jesus. There's a Yeshua... but no Jesus.
159	1	Good memories &gt; bad memories [SEP] How to only remember, make and cherish good memories? Life is too short and unpredictable. How can one practice to live positively and leave this world without any negative memories?
129	1	I need help [SEP] Can you please give me tips how to get over a rejection, the girl i like doesn’t like me back, and I can’t let go. Help.
102	1	I need help and didn't know where to ask [SEP] I just dropped a ceramic plate and it didn't break, is there a high chance it's gonna break in the dishwasher now?
845	1	You could probably defeat a Hydra by making it grow so many heads that it can’t move anymore. [SEP]
158	2	Evreyday is the same [SEP] Idk I feel like I do the same thing evrey single day, doing the same thing over and over.
744	1	Hare is probably named like hair. Because it's hairy. [SEP]
706	1	The movie National Treasure in the live action attempt of the animated move Atlantis. [SEP]
791	1	If you leave something organic exposed, it will smell, then stop smelling. Nature is naturally odiferous and neutral. [SEP]
171	2	Characters in fiction [SEP] Don’t people in fictional books have no free will since what’s gonna happen was gonna he thought up by the author? And every decision the characters do aren’t up to them and up to the author?
428	1	I don't mind reposts, [SEP] It might be old to you, but it's new to someone else, just because you have seen it, it doesn't that everyone else has seen it, reposts give those who haven't seen it a chance to finally see it, there are a lot of posts, memes, and shower thoughts that I have not seen before, but have seen buy a lot of people
100	1	What Do You Do With Your Free Time? [SEP] I've been experiencing a bit of a conundrum in life for a while. It seems like most people around me spend all their free time either watching Netflix, playing video games, or on social media. Is this bad? What other things do people do?
401	1	I have a massive crush for the first time in years and I’m going absolutely crazy [SEP] I sort of thought I was done with crushes and insane levels of attraction, thought it was a thing of the past and I had some control.   Nope.  Totally head over heels for a girl I really doubt I can have. She’s wayyyy younger than me which is one problem. But she’s literally my ideal woman. She’s the same kind of introverted weird as me, and the kind of drop dead gorgeous that’ll just drive you crazy. She’s got the same specific interests and talents as me and we connect on this intellectual level like I’ve never experienced in my life.  But I struck out with her over the weekend. Clear stop signs. I can’t have her.   And now I’m just going nuts. I can’t focus. It’s driving me absolutely wild and I hate how I’ve lost so much control. I haven’t felt this way since I was in college (I’m 27 now)   I need to focus on other things but I can’t. I’m glad to be feeling something instead of just being the sort of dead inside I’ve been for years but this has to go away.
755	1	If you asked people which actor had the most career minutes on the big screen they'd probably never guess Maria Menounos [SEP]
538	1	Told I might not get accepted to my dream college because of my race. [SEP] I'm a Senior in high school applying to my dream college which is moderately competitive. I have well above average stats for the college. I was told by a recently retired admissions officer that if I was applying with my stats being anything other than white, I would be a ‘lock.’ I am told it will be a toss up being white. Am I being insensitive for being angry with what college admissions is?
310	1	Being better [SEP] For now on I'm not going to throw the same energy. Im just going to be kind. No more rudeness or negativity, just kindness 🙂
31	2	Why can’t life just go my way for once… [SEP] Every time I make a plan and try to move forward, things take a turn and push me back to where I was.   I’ve tried so hard to stay positive but it just keeps happening. It’s like I’ve been cursed.   I don’t even know what to do anymore 😔
916	2	It may not be shown on screen but super heroes are constantly murdering [SEP]
291	1	The Law Of Attraction: Ask, Believe And Receive. [SEP] The Law of Attraction helps us to materialize our thoughts into reality, providing us with the ability to attract anything in our lives that we have been focusing on till today.  Read the complete piece: [The Law Of Attraction: Ask, Believe and Receive. ](https://o.ello.co/https://arcanelost.com/the-law-of-attraction-ask-believe-and-receive/)
397	1	Daylight savings time made me miss 99% of a meeting. [SEP] I dunno if this is the right sub to post it on, but I need to rant.  Daylight savings time... I don't know a single person who doesn't hate it. I was supposed to join a zoom meeting for a project I recently took on. The problem isn't even daylight savings time itself. All of my clocks automatically set themselves for it, ALL of them. It's that this project is set in a different continent and I'm traveling, so daylight savings time doesn't start here for a few more weeks. So I missed an entire HOUR of the meeting. And the meeting ended 1 minutes after I joined. One. Minute. I didn't miss anything, that meeting was purely a check-in, but still! AGH! I want to *murder* whoever came up with daylight savings time. I know that it was helpful before, but now? It only makes people late or early for a bit! I wish we could get rid of it. I feel like jumping off a bridge, I'm so annoyed.  Thank you for reading.
963	2	If men had periods, that's all we'd hear about [SEP]
982	1	Your tounge has been in your mouth longer than your teeth [SEP]
287	1	LPT: if you can’t select audio/ have buffering issues on Reddit select the name to the right of “since posted” [SEP] It almost always has the audio and is typically quicker
573	3	I cant stand the mo_ds on here man. I ll slapp tf out of them and anyone on here that. I don't like none of you on here. [SEP] I don't like no one in  real life. I don't care how much you like or dislike me. My rage, there is no equal
226	1	Dimensions [SEP] Highly evolved civilisation invented a technology to ensure that newborns posses enough wisdom and knowledge to keep and advance their kind (we are the mind of newborns).  It starts in the first dimension and is more primitive than second, second dimension is more primitive than the first and so on. We are in the third dimension.  Newborns in each dimension are born with the knowledge they acquired in the previous dimension (however it's so primitive compared to the new dimension that no one actually consider it worthy). You move to the next dimension with a knowledge from a previous dimension, or you can be kept in the same dimension for another life if you deemed not ready to move up.
972	1	The scariest part of potentially going to prison is not how badly the guards will treat you, but how bad your fellow criminals will treat you. [SEP]
876	1	Despite having the same value, 0/100,000 feels a lot smaller than 0/10 [SEP]
997	1	People are supposed to be responsible for their own emotions and reactions to things, unless it's a reaction to what women are wearing. Then you get school dress codes and burkas. [SEP]
950	1	Animals usually never see themselves [SEP] [deleted]
754	1	girls who dye their hair bright pink or green or blue are similar to bugs or reptiles that warn they are toxic [SEP]
61	2	To me, to you [SEP] I thought it would just happen, with effort.  &amp;#x200B;  I hunkered down, i learned i did quite well in math and computing came naturally. like id always been born to press the right button.  I learned to code, i forgot to code,  i relearned to code.....   yeh  i got a job and did ok.  i got another job and did ok.  i fought the neyey, bad joojoo stuff.  I did ok.  &amp;#x200B;  Today.  I give up.  My fight left me.  Over to you.
816	1	The 3 confirmed UFO pictures that leaked from the UAP Task Force deserved more media coverage in 2021. [SEP]
244	1	Should you follow your dream, be a visionary? Or become realistic? [SEP] The thing is, I'm really more of a daydreamer kind of person rather than a realist one.  What only keeps me from actually doing and achieving my dream is the fear of the unknown.  I just don't know if I will fail horribly, or become someone that achieved nothing in life or something.  I want to do business but we all know its a gamble.  So what could be ya'll advices for me though?
654	2	Why should I live? [SEP] No woman will ever want me because of my genetics disorder you can’t tell I have it but no one will want me once I tell them I wish I didn’t have the stupid thing why should I live
384	1	GORDON BOMBAY WAS A HAWK+ [SEP] I  Remember the 1st time I was watching that movie I was young and full of life and full of hope I didn't have much life experience I had never been in a relationship or dumped my dog hadn't died yet I just was just pretty green in general But when I found out that Gordon Bombay the coach of the mighty ducks Was a hawk when he was younger which is the mighty ducks rival enemy team I was blown away I was  Devastated I felt betrayed and sad
53	1	Approaching New Journey [SEP] So I started to avail a personal training in the gym and I'm longing for this for a long time. For a man whose a skinny not skinny skinny that only does cardio at home and literally no proper workout plan just executing an exercise to say it is a workout. Finally I can start this journey, I know this will not be easy, Of course it's always difficult in start but once I find the rhythm of following the guide for me I can assure that this will be a worth it. I just really need to get disciplined and consistent.
447	1	Why is it so hard to get legit feedback on Reddit? [SEP] Been on the sight for quite some time now. And I can say from watching other posts and the rare times I have a question or just general post. Most the times when you post, your first responses are always snarky rude ass comments.  You usually get downvoted right away as well.   I understand the culture of Reddit with the puns and jokes. But it’s surprising how people even hit the front page. Almost every one of my posts, even just simple questions, people come in with the most rude hateful comments.  And it’s not just my posts, I see it all the time on others.  I don’t get it. I understand there’s trolls, but there’s a large portion of cynical pessimistic bastards downvoting everything and spewing out vile comments on every post they see.  And before I get the comments about me being butthurt or whatever, I don’t really care. Feelings ain’t getting hurt over Reddit strangers. But it does suck if u have a general question or want to partake in a discussion and u get these basement dwellers just shitting on everything right away.  Is there any communities out there that are generally positive without all the nonsense?
238	3	Do you ever detach your thinking mind from your experience and then experience a lack of any value and get the urge to stop living? [SEP] Idk
902	1	If you ever wondered how people become drug addicts, watch a video where colorblind people try on glasses that allow them to see the world as others do. [SEP]
237	3	Is it weird that I want to be waterboarded? [SEP] I just want to see what it's like... I want someone to pull a towel over my face and pour water.. is there a place where they offer a waterboarding experience? Maybe a carnival, fair or something?
303	1	What is worse? [SEP] Feeling bad or not feeling anything at all?
35	1	I want to live! Not exist [SEP] It seems like everyone just wants to go to university, get 200k in debt, get a mortgage, kids and not do anything for the rest of their life. Or just invest in hopes of getting really rich.  I don’t want that. I want to get a working visa, go to Spain and become a bartender, or Australia. I want to become a part time graphic design, buy an RV and road trip across America for a few years with my dog, or sail the world, or work on a cruise line. You could even buy your own farm, get a couple horses, grow your own food! Or you could travel really cheap using couchsurfing for like 5-10k a year. You don’t need to be rich, you just need enough.  Does anyone else think like me..? I particularly feel alone when it forms to this. People think it’s impossible, but I think they’re scared to leave everything behind, or to break the system.
658	2	Adult life is hard [SEP] I'm a 25 year old (M), i've been with my fiance for around 4 years now, we have one child (2) with another on the way, we both work full time.  I currently work 12 hour shifts in a call centre, specifically within a bereavement team, shit can be pretty heavy at times, i'm earning just above the minimum wage and now my company are proposing a pay increase that barely covers the extra costs of my fuel to get to work everyday, i can't afford to carry on like this but finding another job is proving so hard to come by, finding and applying is easy but 95% of companies don't even respond to you and those that do give you nothing to go off as to why you didn't get offered an interview so i feel like i'm stuck here now. On top of this my fiance is pregnant and having a really tough time, constantly being sick, barely able to do anything for herself let alone help with our daughter. My family are never there to help, i've lost all my friends so it all falls on me, looking after a child, running a house, looking after my fiance, balancing finances, trying to keep working through a job for a company that i can't stand, household chores.  I love both my fiance and my daughter but i really struggle to find much enjoyment from life at the moment and i don't know what to do. Reading this back it's so rambling and barely makes sense but i need to get it off my chest so bad, i feel like a moaning bitch writing this but i was never prepared for this, i knew it wouldn't be easy but i did not expect it to be this tough.
160	1	Do some people use the quote "misery loves company" as an excuse to be inconsiderate/merciless to others suffering? [SEP] Interested to hear your thoughts. Thanks!
727	1	mermaids' vaginas probably smell extra fishy [SEP]
360	1	I've got a lot to get out. I don't want attention or advice. I just want someone to know my story [SEP] I don't even know how to begin writing this post, I'm also a little drunk and onlygetting drunker.  Sorry for any intelligibletext. I guess we'll just start Where it All Began.    I remember my very first day of school, the first words that were spoken to me by another kid was "I don't like OP" while looking directly at me.  None of the other kids would talk to me except for one kid named Garrett.  He was the only kid I hung out with for maybe 2 years.   In first grade, kids would make jokes about me and say things like I don't like you".  Not all that different from kindergarten.    In second grade, it was the same old story. Kids not liking me; making fun of me, the works.  The worst part was that my teachers were never any help.  My second grade teacher was even mean to me.  She eventually failed me for that year  When I repeated the second grade, as usual, I was picked on a lot and had very few friends.  But I thought that maybe if I was put into a new grade level, I could do better this time.    In third grade, again, the usual bullying.  But there was ONE thing that I'll never forget from that year.  One time, a student had tracked dog feces into the classroom. The teacher said "it's either OP, or someone else".  Why?  What made me the prime suspect?  Man, that really hurt to hear  Fourth and fifth grade were the same.  The mild bullying and no friends.   Sixth grade was a turning point in my life.  This was the year that I learned why I was picked on.  It's worth noting, I grew up poor and had very little dentist visits.  Suffice to say, it didn't look good. Kids said the most hurtful things to me with the intention making me feel bad.  They got a laugh out of my pain.  Do you have any idea how many times I've heard "brush your teeth"; "You need braces", etc.  By this point in time, depression was no stranger to me and I stopped taking care of myself.  Depression isn't just being sad.  I stopped brushing; showering; eating right, etc.  It really drug me down.    Seventh grade just got worse. I was well known and for reasons I don't like.  Kids would ask me to smile in front of entire classes knowing damn well I didn't want to do that.  Then the nervous sweats start.  If you don't know, that smells worse than a wok out sweat.  This is when all the "stinky" jokes started.  I tried so fucking hard to fight it.  But to no avail. The second I stepped onto the school bus, my heart would start pounding and I'd start sweating for no good reason. I was at the point of faking illness and crying to get out of school for that day.  I thought about suicide a lot.  It even felt like a relief.  Do you know that feeling you get when you go on vacation?  The feeling of escaping your life and how warm it feels to get away?  Suicide was comparable to that feeling.    Eighth grade was just as bad.  One time in science class, the teacher was talking about flossing, and all I could focus on were the faint whispers I heard. "Just go to the dentist"; "look at OP", etc.  In that same class, I was dubbed "bugs bunny" and they would all say "what's up doc" every time they saw me.  I remember in math class, there was this boy who would come in every.  Fucking.  Day.  And tell me "I'm gonna buy you a tooth brush".  I remember my math teacher asking me "you play football, right?  You can take him".  I should've took his advice while I had the chance.    By the time I hit nineth grade, things seemed to settle down.  But the jokes continued.  They still told me to smile knowing I'm doing that.  They still called me stinky.    In tenth grade, I was ready to end it.  I knew I wanted to "do it", I just wasn't sure when.  That's when I met my best friend.  For whatever reason, she wanted to hang out with me and I accepted.  She invited me over to her house and we smoked weed and vis versa.  She to this day doesn't know the dark space she's pulled me from.  Regardless of our relationship, whether we're friends; fucking or fighting, she'll always have a special place in my heart.    Eleventh grade wasn't as bad because I finally found someone who gave a damn about me.  She was there and a senior  Twelveth grade was a little harder because she graduated and I didn't have that friend to sit with anymore.  Lord, I hated it so much.  Walking in the doors would make me irate.  I hated just about everyone there.  But I made it.    I still have problems with my mouth, but in 2, maybe 3 months, I'll have it fixed and I can move on with my life.  The reason I'm writing this is because looking at dental options really drug me down.  I've been depressed for over a fucking decade.  And the only thing that kept me going was optimism.    Just like I said in my title, I don't want attention or advice. I just want someone to vent to. I've never opened up about this before.  If even one person reads this, it would have been a success.  Thanks for taking the time to read this if you made it this far.
127	2	Sad [SEP] Anyone else feel like their wasting their life? 😔
879	1	you can still get cheap gas at taco bell [SEP]
304	1	What makes you feel complete? [SEP] What makes you feel complete and not empty?
353	1	My friend has gone off the deep end and I don't know what to do about it. [SEP] So my friend has gone through a deep depression around the beginning of the pandemic. Quit his job as a result and was very down. Thankfully, he got out of it, but in a way that is not necessarily healthy. At least I don't think so.  He was seeing a therapist, also got diagnosed with ADHD (we are past our mid 30s so this has plagued him in many ways during his life without him even knowing). This seemed to have given him closure on a lot of his issues and gave him hope that he can now better understand his struggles and anxieties and deal with them. All good so far. Except then he started reading about stuff that is a mix of psychology, spiritualism, new agy concepts and got into a deep rabbit hole. Stopped seeing his therapist and decided that the ADHD diagnosis is bs based on his new understanding of life.  You know what I would say so far so good as well, to each his own, if reading and incorporating such concepts makes you feel better, that's great. I'm very happy to see that he is happy, has found a new meaning for life etc.  &amp;#x200B;  Here's the rub. He now behaves as a guru of some sort. Like all he ever wants to talk about is his awakening and how he now understands life, and humanity and he now has a mission to teach us about the meaning of life. I'm probably exaggerating a bit, but not too much. And while I love to have discussions about various topics, learn new stuff, understand different points of views, this is not what it is. It his him almost like preaching to me or other people in our friend group in a monologue type of discussion. Or sometimes he will chime in our whatsapp discussion with his thoughts worded as life truths. A lot of what he says actually makes sense but are not as "mystic" or not really uncommon thoughts/concepts, but in his mind he's spitting truth bombs.  &amp;#x200B;  It's very heavy, cringy, uncomfortable to deal with. I fear he will lose a lot of friends and might isolate himself. I still see him sometimes, but it's getting difficult. I feel I should tell him something, but I don't know how to approach this. I don't want to hurt his feelings, and also, it might be something clinical so I don't know if I'm actually well equipped to say something. I also fear that this intensity he has and that is currently say positive in the sense that it makes him feel better and gives him a new drive for life might reverse at some point and become very negative.   &amp;#x200B;  Has anyone gone through such an experience or knows people who went through this? any thoughts?
2	1	Believe in your limits, and use your own mind. [SEP] Use your own mind. Control your own mind and don’t let others do it for you. Think critically about a situation and don’t simply react based on what you first hear. Think about what actions you want to take, and then proceed. Once you have taken action that you have decided on, believe that you have done your best and then allow yourself to understand in what ways you may need help from others, and then accept that help when you seek it out and do find it.
254	1	How much does your shelter cost? [SEP] What do you spend each month on your house, inclusive of mortgage/rent, utilities, and property taxes. We spend about $2400 on mortgage, electric, gas, and water. 4 bedroom, 3 bath house, 4K square feet.  Curious if we are above or below average.
988	1	If you think of something that doesn't exist, it actually exists, cause if it didn't you can't think of it. [SEP]
264	2	How do I stop suffering over the fact that it’s a cruel world? [SEP] Everyday I see on the internet abused animals (this really destroys me, I can feel my heart breaking, I love animals, they make my life better), young people dying etc... I can see those videos and images in my head, I try to do my best to improve the planet, but this can't fill my pain. Should I keep suffering because this is a sad world? I know there's a lot of beauty and happiness too, but I can only feel the pain and the fear of the abused animals, the homeless people... this is sad. Sorry for my English but it is not my first language
648	1	I’m dreading my birthday. [SEP] My birthday is coming up next Saturday and I’m not excited for it. I’m scared.   On the day 3 years ago, my ex tried to kill himself and his friend messaged me about it. I refused to see him because my ex was abusive and I was afraid that seeing him would trigger bad memories. I’m scared it’ll happen again even though I haven’t seen them 3 years ago.   I just want to be able to enjoy my birthday for one year without being reminded of that asshole.
62	1	When, whom, and how should you help other people? [SEP] To be honest, I don't really care helping other people who I know will just be either plain useless or have a bad attitude or personality. I mean, is it wrong?  I only care or help other people who I see will benefit me, or has helped me already, or I know that will not turn around my back or anything.  Is my principle and view about this correct?  Maybe someone can give me an insight about this?
488	1	She ain’t even look at it [SEP] I drunk texted this girl I like about girl scout cookies on snap because she had something on her story.  I been on delivered for 17 hours now. Damn man. Shit. She actually got me feeling type of way.
99	1	Someone's already dunit [SEP] I had an idea for a business but it turns out it already exists. Why try to give people something that someone else already gives to them? There isn't right? I don't know what to do.
283	1	If I concentrate and think about life not existing at all, I get this super weird but short anxiety [SEP] If I think of life not existing whatsoever and I keep going deeper and deeper into that thought, I get this weird drowsiness and anxiety for a brief second. Do you guys know what I mean? It's very hard to explain, I never get to transfer this feeling to another person near me because they don't understand what I mean.  Steps for me to get into this anxiety state:  1. Think about yourself not existing. At least other people exist. 2. Think about humans not existing. Well, other animals and creatures still exist. 3. Remove the living things on earth (even bacteria) from your thought. Still there might be life elsewhere. 4. Remove the whole universe like planets, stars etc. As in nothing but void. The anxiety gets to me!  I can't explain the exact feeling from number 4. It's so freakishly weird thinking about nothing, absolute nothing, to exist.  Do some of you have the ability to go so deep into that thought that you're feeling the same as I am?
903	1	If you hate the modern world and yearn to return to the eighties or nineties, towns that are at least a hundred miles from any city are the next best thing since they still look and feel exactly like they did back then. [SEP]
192	1	There should be double sided I'd card with a driver's license and credit card all on one card [SEP] Just an idea, tell me if this idea already exists
820	1	If goldfish were named off of the silverfish bug and made yellow off of cheese, then bronzefish can also exist with shaped fish made from regular brown crackers [SEP] [deleted]
669	1	Ring doorbells have basically made ding dong ditching impossible. [SEP]
89	1	What is my boss thinking about me? Was I right to quit? [SEP] After months of unemployment, I finally landed a job. A nice job, average pay but enough for someone without kids and rent bills.   I made a mistake. I sent my bf a text from my work cellphone to book me an uber home as I had no WiFi connection or balance. I told him to please not reply and please don't call as this is my work cellphone. Guess what? He calls the number after a few days and then pretends a woman is calling him making it seem like the woman wanna talk to him.   I send a text being the jealous gf that I am asking who are u? I sent vulgar and rude messages saying..why u call me, then drop...are you stupid? You dropped the call because u don't want to hear a woman's voice. You want to hear a man's voice.i had no idea I'm sending my boss three voice notes.   She confronted me about it. I was shocked.she said she's looking for a good fit in the office, probably referring to the fact that I sounded vulgar. I immediately quit my job after because of the embarrassment now I'm unemployed, broke, back to where I started, relying on my bf while he threatens me every month that he won't give me money if I don't do thie and that. Eg. He wanted me to delete my Instagram. I'm also studying and its very difficult to study law (final year) while working full time.
323	3	Life without religion [SEP] Alright so I’m agnostic and I just think everyone should be that way I think life would be so much better without religion then we are just people and accountable for who we are no bullshit or anything like that a bunch of wars we have been involved in are just because people have different names for god and I think a bunch of aspects of religion are unhealthy and leads to harm against other people emotionally and potentially physically thoughts?
79	1	People that have been stuck in the same position for so long, how did you get yourself out of that pit? [SEP] Just feeling lost and motivated this year. Mostly because of the pandemic. How do you get the motivation to finish what you started? What made you kept on living despite the horrible circumstances?
485	3	I'm seriously thinking of ending it [SEP] I like being with other people but my classmates don't understand me, my mom says I should lower my expectations about people, everytime I hear about someone that needs help I try to fix their stuff. Nobody fixes MY stuff. Ever. As my mother said, I will stop looking for people that may help me, as that kind of people doesn't exist, and I'm gonna see if the people that don't understand me will compensate. Why isn't there someone for me. I'm sorry I'm just venting now. I'll wait, one year, if the doctors don't fix me I'll end it. Seriously. See you all in one year, I hope
252	1	How do you quit something that’s not good for you even though you keep going back to it? [SEP] I need feedback on this one.
888	1	It's possible that the world pauses every 10 mins. We just can't observe it. [SEP]
870	1	Technically anything flying that you're not quite sure what it actually is is a UFO [SEP]
883	1	Anyone yelling WORLDSTAR is trying to convey in multiple languages that two or more people are involved in an altercation worth viewing. [SEP]
906	2	A narcissist is the hero and the victim of every story they tell [SEP]
836	1	Clenching your buttcheeks and moving your erect penis use the same muscles with the same movement and one cannot be done without doing the other involuntarily [SEP]
170	1	quality of life [SEP] from your perspective, how would life be without music??
731	1	After you brush your teeth, your mouth is both one of the cleanest and dirtiest places in your body [SEP]
808	1	If your mind is disrupted and your ability to process is underperforming, you are also underperforming at accurately assessing it's performance. [SEP]
404	1	I really like feminine guys [SEP] Femboys, if you will. They're cute :))
78	2	Wtf do I do with my life [SEP] I'm 22 years old and can't go to college because it's too expensive, I can't get loan because of my current status. I just feel worthless and a piece of shit. I'm on my phone for hours and it seems like my life isn't going anywhere. I know the cliche thing to say, put in work and you'll get a lucky break. But my life seems so limited. Have more to say but just needed to vent a little. 😪😪
450	2	I just got home from working another Sunday for the last 4 years at least. [SEP] It fucking sucks. I hate it. I wish I could just cease to exist I barely see anyone and work is extremely slow usually. I'm tired of it and daylight savings time didn't make it any better.
169	1	Faith vs expectations? [SEP] How do you account for both ?
225	1	A question for everyone. [SEP] Would you rather be loved or feared? And why?
33	1	Voice help? [SEP] Hello I’m male and Austistic. I struggle to really like get things. I’m 18. I’m never really able to read between the lines but a big issue I have is emotion in my voice. Unless I’m laughing I’m told that I don’t have any emotion in my voice. And it’s true I’m very monotone otherwise. But I don’t know how to change that without sounding fake or unnatural. Am I doomed to sound Monotone forever or is there anything I should learn? Thoughts?
703	1	If you have a wet stain on your pants, no matter how old you are people will assume that you peed your pants [SEP]
52	2	Any idea why I [23F] like wallowing in painful emotions? Feeling bad feels good. [SEP] I have become so used to my negative emotions, which I’ve had for so long, that I now have a very high tolerance for them. This has decreased my motivation to change.  Moreover, I’m starting to almost enjoy beating myself up mentally. Sometimes it almost feels like I’m m purposely inducing these “negative” states in myself. I think this is partially because the idea of not being self-aware of my faults terrifies me and I never want to forget them so that if/when someone else points them out it won’t be a surprise to me. But the other maybe larger part is that I’m becoming addicted to the emotional intensity, and negative emotions are as good as positive ones in satisfying that craving.   This isn’t an excuse, and I know I’m capable of changing, but I’m finding it difficult mostly because I don’t really want to stop. But part of me does. The main reason I want to stop is for the sake of others around me, and for the sake of other people’s perception of me. I find myself constantly trying to understand how this behavior might come across to others and I do realize how annoying and draining it is. I do not want to be seen that way.   Any advice or insight or similar experiences? I think I need professional help.
588	3	Found a pornstar that looks just like my wife if she was thin [SEP] The resemblance is uncanny.  Now when I look at my wife, I see a banging hot bod bed beneath her beautiful  and I get sad.  She will never have the physique of a pro athlete like the model but i do wish she'd make more of an effort.  &amp;#x200B;  Clearly I'm a piece of shit who should divorce her for her benefit and then kill myself because I obviously don't love her and never did.  Also I must be totally unappealing myself due to things I control directly and thus a huge hypocrite.
831	1	Ice-cold water isn't water, it's ice. [SEP]
512	1	I tried reaching out to a former friend. It did not go well. [SEP] Backstory: 20 years or so ago, I (currently 39f) had a best friend, "Lynn". We did everything together - sleepovers, trips, parties, movies, etc etc. We were so close we would share a bed and spoon each other (not sexually). We were part of a friend group and as far as I knew, everything was perfect. It was briefly an idyllic time.   I got the opportunity to travel doing a job we would all have killed to do. This was back before texting, so we mainly communicated via email. I probably was obnoxious about how excited I was and how much fun I was having, but I didn't realize it, and calmed down about it pretty quickly (I think. It was a long time ago). After just a couple of weeks, my friends started responding less to my emails, so I got concerned and logged into Lynn's email to see what was up (I obviously know that was an awful thing to do). I opened an email thread between some of our friends and they were all talking shit about me. It was clear they thought I was basically the worst. I was floored. I had no idea. I thought they all loved me as much as I loved them. I closed the email and had a breakdown. When I came back home I pretended like nothing happened, but I didn't really spend time with them any more.   Lynn pretty quickly became just as close to another of our friends, "Wanda". For years Wanda and Lynn would rub their closeness in my face, cuddling and laughing and talking about how they were best friends. I cut them off as much as I could, and time passed. In the years since, Wanda has badmouthed me and "stolen" other friends, so maybe she had been doing this from the beginning and I didn't know.   I struggle to this day with the fear that my friends don't actually like me. It doesn't help that I live with anxiety and depression, which I'm not claiming was caused by this incident. I have gone to therapy and I do take medication. I have an extremely low opinion of myself, which of course I think is valid. Life in general is really good, but occasionally I'll have a low day where I struggle a lot.    I was having one of those days today and listening to a band I first heard when I was on a trip with Lynn. It made me think of her so I decided to reach out and apologize for reading her email and seeing if maybe I could get an idea of what actually went wrong. I sent Lynn a rambling message that probably sounded stupid and desperate, and afterwards had vague thoughts that maybe we could clear the air, work through whatever misunderstandings there were, and reconnect. Not be friends exactly, but at least I'd have one less person out there who thinks I suck.   She responded pretty quickly and let me know everything that went wrong was my fault and I should get over it. I still have no idea what I could have done beyond being obnoxious about the job (reading the emails was awful and I have no excuse for it, but that happened after they were shit talking me so it's not part of what lead to that), and clearly Lynn still hates me enough to be rude in response to a message from someone who is obviously struggling.  So now I feel even worse on an already low day and I just had to get this "off my chest". Maybe it will make me feel better. Maybe it won't.
994	1	In the Fall, let's all just set our clocks back 1/2 hr and be done with it. [SEP]
586	2	Am i a weirdo,creepy and xenophobic dude, because i prefer a certain woman ethnicity? [SEP] There is a certain type of woman i prefer over anything else and turn me really on which is a germanic blonde woman with blue/green eyes, pale skin tone and wearing glasses like a secretary from northern europe.
263	2	Strange feeling [SEP] Has anyone had a feeling in their chest as if their soul wants to excape? and it felt like you were not reaching your full potential and getting out of your comfort zone?  I know it sounds weird, but if anyone can relate, please share some of your experiences to put me at ease....
