852.0	3.0	"I caught several mistakes that should have been fixed in editing (you're/your, most/must), and didn't like the backstory monologue that the villain gave. How about showing us instead of just saying, ""we fought this time and this time and this time""? I get that space is limited in a comic, but why not expland things for the graphic novel version? The time-travel stuff was well done, but I just didn't love this one."
836.0	1.0	I wanted to poke my eyes out the whole time I read this book. Lame, cheesy and horrible writing. I wish I could get back the long hours it took me to get through it.
280.0	5.0	"I wanted to like this book more than I did. The premise was fantastic, and the first half of the book seemed as if it would be a great one. But by the time I closed it, I was very disappointed.   Some very mild SPOILERS in this review.   Ginny's Aunt Peg was one of those eccentric, flighty artist types that always appeal to kids because they are as un-parental as can be. When Aunt Peg passes on, she leaves Ginny 13 (say it with me) little blue envelopes that include instructions leading Ginny on a wild adventure across Europe. The rules are fairly simple - Ginny must embark on her own (no friends or family), without any communication or technologies tethering her to home (no cell phone or computer), and she can only take what she's able to carry in the backpack she wears on her back. Oh, and no cash or credit cards.   First off, this very premise requires a very heavy helping of suspension of disbelief because Ginny is only 17 years old. No parent in his or her right mind that I know of would ever agree to let their child fly across the ocean with no contact expected, no cash or back up credit cards, heck, no known destination. The discussions and agreements Ginny must go through to get her parents to agree to this crazy scheme happen off screen, but you really have to wonder that her parents ever agree to this at all.   So Ginny sets off for London with instructions (enclosed in the first envelope) to find a strange man named Richard. This she does, and thankfully Richard does not prove to be a skeevy perv child molester because it makes absolutely zero common sense for a 17 year old girl to stay with a complete and total stranger.   This was a key problem I had with this book - several times Ginny is instructed to hunt down complete strangers. While this is charming in a sort of antiquated Mayberry sense, it constituted what I consider too stupid to live behaviour almost every time Ginny followed along. Sure, she's only 17 and doesn't have a lot of experience or wisdom, but didn't her parents ever drill into her head those horror stories about strangers? In fact, on one occasion when Ginny is instructed to pick up an Italian boy and ask him to have cake with her, she's nearly raped. Another time, Ginny gets on a houseboat with a complete stranger male and the house boat starts moving! I expected at any second the book to turn into a horror novel with Ginny as tragic victim. The whole scenario frustrated me to no end. Why would her aunt tell her to do something so entirely dangerous? And I couldn't help but question Ginny's intelligence because she followed the instructions without question. She should have been screaming ""hell to the no!""   While on her first assignment, Ginny meets Keith, a whacko performance artist slash prior juvenile delinquent. Keith proves to be a part-time love interest, but I never got enough of a read on him to think him hero material. He tends to pout and his bohemian ways don't make him seem very reliable. I just never got what Ginny saw in him.   Another annoyance that I had with this book was as another reviewer mentioned - plot points that were left dangling completely or never explained at all. For example, the incident when Ginny had to use the bathroom desperately but couldn't understand the signs on the bathroom doors to know which was the women's room. Never did we find out if she was allowed to pee, and I was left feeling sorry for her for pages. Another time, Ginny ends up staying in a youth hostel with an American family and is forced to spend 5 whole days sight seeing with them. I never did understand why she didn't just leave - why was she stuck with them for 5 days? This was never explained.   In another instance, Ginny and a fellow traveler/friend she's met along the way have their belongings stolen. While Ginny managed to hang on to her passport, her friend wasn't so lucky. I worried how her friend would ever solve such a horrible problem and make her way back home, but Ginny ends up leaving before there is any resolution. We are left feeling so sorry for that poor girl and only assuming that she eventually gets back home.   Some of Aunt Peg's instructions - okay, well almost all of Aunt Peg's instructions - didn't make any sense to me. Granted, they often didn't make any sense to Ginny as well. But I kept waiting for a Big Reveal to tie everything together, to make the entire journey a complete experience. In the end, I never got that Aunt Peg's forced adventure was anything more than shoving her niece out of her comfort zone.   Thing is, while this premise is a great one in general, the story was simply too dark for it to work for me. I was expecting a light-hearted, fun romp through Europe. Instead, the tone was more somber and depressing. Rather than experiencing freedom and independence and a sense of adventure, Ginny's journey seemed designed simply to force her to face her aunt's death. Not exactly a beach read."
575.0	3.0	Skye Kingston tends to stay in the background with her camera. She is a photographer. If Skye wants to grab the attention of her crush, Craig, then she will have to shift from the background to the forefront. Skye will also have to get past Craig's girlfriend, Beth.   While I like the idea of the books in the Twisted Lit series, the books just are not connecting with me. No matter how much I want them to. Exposure is the second book I have read in this series. However, I do have to say that I did get into this story line better then the first one. Not because I am a history buff fan of literature but because there was a murder of I should say there was a dead body. I enjoy a good story with mystery. While the story was fine it was the characters that got to me. They were catty and weak.   I could not see what Skye saw in Craig. I found him to be insensitive and he did watched out for his own back. I appreciate the authors trying to get me to like Beth but it would take more than finding out Beth was part of the working class for me to like her. In the end this book ended up not being for me. A tragic ending like MacBeth.
208.0	1.0	I liked the movie,   but the book was a big dissapointment
609.0	1.0	well written, but....
932.0	2.0	Unfortunately I found this book very very boring. I had a hard time plodding through it. Nothing really happens, just a lot of awkward conversations between the two of them. I never felt the Stockholm syndrome tendencies that so many other readers seem to have felt.
725.0	1.0	I thoroughly enjoyed the issue covers.
47.0	3.0	I love cozies. Really. This is my first book by Clea Simon so perhaps it's me- but I didn't just love it. It had cute parts- and the cat really did grow on me- but at times it was just a bit further out there than I care for. However, the mystery is not bad- the interactions with the cop boyfriend cute at times- and some of the talking with the animals is funny.   Will I read another Clea Simon book? Possibly.   Traveling With T
985.0	1.0	Cute, and really like the illustrations, but not our favorite plot-wise.
337.0	3.0	There were some cute scenes and enjoyable references to various world-changing events that have happened in the Marvel universe. The M.O.D.O.K. team is all pretty likable, and the art is pretty. But the story is boring and the book is still trying so hard to appeal directly to the huge demographic of readers that love Miles Morales, Squirrel Girl, etc., but misses much of what makes those characters and books good. Even Superior Spider-Man and Superior Foes of Spider-Man had heart and reflected some common examples of diversity that are part of the real world. Gwenpool seems to be trying to make a buck off that same niche appeal, but offers white heterocisnormative sugar without substance.
581.0	1.0	"These books are cute and well-presented, but I wish they would stop referring to animals as ""it."""
155.0	1.0	More of a 2.5. Just not my type of book. It was dry and it was a boring read.
692.0	2.0	Off the strength of their stunning Phonogram series, Kieron Gillen and Jamie McKelvie are one of my favorite creative teams in comics. Sadly Young Avengers doesn't meet the lofty heights set forth by Phonogram. I will finish the series since there is only six more issues, but this first arc was merely ok.
862.0	2.0	This book is horrid. I think of it as mind-numbing. Its verse is stilted, its subject vile. Anyone thinking of reading this book be warned: it is terribly over-rated. People who know nothing of literature have boasted of reading this book. I've even seen a stage adaptation of this book at the Walker Art Museum in Minneapolis.   However, all these people are wrong to rate this book with classics. It is not as good as Sir Gawain, the Green Knight. And this book, Sir Gawain, is the obscurer of the two.
790.0	2.0	"Triangles arrived on my doorstep several months ago. I opened the package and found a big fat book of poetry. I put it in my I'll-get-to-it-one-day stack and didn't think much more about it. A few days ago, I was rearranging that particular pile and I picked it up again and perused the cover--a novel written in poetry, it says. It is such an unusual presentation, it caught my attention.   To my surprise, it's actually easy to read despite the stanzas, the couplets, and the other poetic contrivances. I find myself flying through the pages because, unlike a ""regular"" novel, there are far fewer words per page. So despite the fact that this book has over 500 pages, it is really a quick read.   The central characters are three women around forty, and all of them are experiencing some degree of difficulty or dysfunction in their lives. The novel looks at the choices each woman makes but it is mostly focused on the choices involving the men in their lives--it appears the author believes that this is the most crucial and defining aspect of these women.   In short, the presentation was unique (a novel novel), but the plot and the characters didn't particularly hold my interest."
572.0	2.0	I really wanted to like this book but it just fell short. Basically its the same kill scenes over and over and over. Half way through the book i found myself bored and thats weird because im a nerd for creature themed horror novels. It seemed immature and lacked certain character traits that would of kept it interesting.
241.0	3.0	A very philosophical book, but too dense for my tastes. These poems didn't have the lyricism or metaphorical language that I expect from poetry. Too much abstraction for me.
992.0	2.0	Truth be told I've been trying to read this book of poetry for years. I've not been able to read it from beginning to end. I jump around read sections and do not engage. She is an experiential writer and what I like is the book has variety of forms: poems, some drawings, letters, shorts, prose like pieces. But the writing is mostly fragmentary and doesn't hold me. It is a Selected Works and I know she is famous, I have read about her in Rachel blau DuPlessis's books of feminist writings and feel I should read her. But I have so many other books to read! So I just keep checking in on it periodically thinking someday it will grab me or my attention will have changed. We'll see...
788.0	3.0	I found this book to be an enormous disappointment. When a book wins a significant literary prize you expect that, in itself, to be a strong recommendation. However, the only thing I found to recommend this book was the style - Hurley is a good writer. However, when it came to subject matter, pace, plot and characterisation the book falls short. It's not enough to grab a handful of Gothic tropes and throw them into a modern mix. Equally, it's not enough to throw modern characters into a story, having chosen a specific time and place, without taking the care to bring that time to life and present characters who, if not wholly original, are something more than plot devices.   I look forward to Hurley writing a good book. It's in there somewhere.
980.0	4.0	The chief virtue of this rather sorry edition is that Winny has left the original text almost intact. Modern letters have replaced older thorn, etc., but otherwise it's there. The line numbers make referencing easy. The cover's nice.   Right, that's the praise done with.   Beyond that it's a travesty of many kinds. Winny's introduction is dismissive and hubristic, suggesting the dialect of the piece to be 'outlandish', amongst other things. Just because this isn't Chaucer. Well, apologies to Winny for the fact that there is a great variety of language in this country, and has been for a very long time. Deal with it.   Then there's his dull, pedestrian, and stilted translation, a turgid effort that is belittled by dangling opposite the original like some stale sock with a fancy pattern on it. You know the ones. You get them for Christmas. There's no life to his version. There's no sense of it being a poem at all, really, except for the schoolboy rhymes wedged in every now and again.   His notes are acceptable, the appendices superfluous.   Don't waste your money. Get Tolkien and put some work in.
498.0	2.0	"Ugh. Lauded as the ""first children's poet laureate"" James Stevenson should be a fantastic poet but these poems are blah blah blah. They all follow the standard rhyming scheme of the second line rhymes with the fourth or first and second rhyme and third and fourth rhyme. Shel Silverstein wrote funny children's poems that varied in rhyme or didn't rhyme at all, introducing children to a wider variety of poetry styles.   The poems aren't very funny, at least the ones I read, and they used words far beyond the reading level the poems are geared to (ostensibly?)   The illustrations are cute, though."
107.0	1.0	Not a really good read aloud for any age, but maybe a student might flip through it during free reading time.
767.0	2.0	The Good Girl had a great twist at the end, but it was such a long build to get there it was hard to keep my interest.
839.0	1.0	Too much going on and nothing really made sense ,this is so far my least favorite in the series.
931.0	3.0	I think this is one of those cases where the idea was better than the actual execution.   I liked the idea of a pulp/sci-fi adventure with Cap, unfortunately while I was reading this one I was just hoping that it would be over quickly and we could move on to the next adventure.   This whole TPB just felt like Cap was taking a beating the entire time and mumbling his way through the story.   I love Remender's work... But these first two trades that opened up this new chapter in Captain America's history were fairly lackluster.   I only hope it gets better.
300.0	1.0	The book could have been better...
386.0	1.0	At points, reading the sections for the female characters, I was embarrassed for the writer.
490.0	1.0	This was so awful I can't begin to understand why its got such good reviews. The storyline was totally implausible and the writing was frankly bizarre.
918.0	2.0	More focus on font than on substance. Geronimo is also not really a like able character. He is egotistical and self absorbed. I dont like the dominatrix storyline. Thus book is kind of a survival story, I guess. But less interesting. Also unethical on the psychologists behalf.
49.0	1.0	Not a fan. They could have done a lot with this story but it took too long to get going and then nothing had the oomph to excite me.
216.0	2.0	How can all these super-bad sword-carrying guys live near such a small town... during the Meiji era - when it was illegal to carry a sword? The high number of powerful foes starts to reduce one's interest. This series needs more balanced main character relationships. I like the historical side notes.
887.0	3.0	Disclaimer: I received this book as part of the Goodreads Giveaway program.   My review for this needs to have my background explained. I'm not a big poetry reader. I've read a lot of classic poetry (Coleridge, T.S. Elliot, Shakespeare, Browning, Dickinson, etc.) and some modern classics (e.e. cummings, and my favorite poet, Carl Sandburg), but for the most part, this is a literature genre that takes a lot of mental stamina for me to parse.   Apparently, Jana Prikryl is an editor at The New York Review of Books, and has quite a sense of literary taste, which supposedly is reflected in her writing.   This book, I think, was not suitable for the Goodreads Giveaway program. Most people do not read poetry, and those of us who do seldom have the training necessary to understand the poet's choice of form, meter, speaker, and tone. I went through several graduate level English courses and I still have trouble with modern poetry such as Prikryl's. To the common reader such as myself, her poetry is rather inaccessible. Therefore, I think that the Goodreads score will be artificially low for this, and I feel really bad about this, but I'm not going to lie about how difficult to understand this volume was.   That said, there were a few poems that I enjoyed, and they were ones with a tangible rhythm that felt good as I read them--good enough that I read them aloud. I've always been told that poetry is the one form of literature that is meant to be read aloud.   If you're a serious poetry afficionado with a brain stronger than mine, maybe you will enjoy this more than I did. For me, I could not gain an understanding and wish this came with a Cliffs Notes or author's note on why certain choices were made.
73.0	5.0	"I don't read science fiction criticism, but I'm certain I can't be the first to notice that one of the key features of utopian societies is that in the end they always always always wind up being dystopias. The perfection of society seems to be presented ubiquitously across the genre as nothing so much as veneer. Regardless their ideological differences, the humanists who explore our species' potential through speculative writing find themselves warm bedfellows with Jesus of Nazareth when contemplating the state of the polished and good. Whitewashed sepulchers. Shiny happy edifices that look delightful and inviting but only serve to contain corruption, death, and rot. If you find in science fiction a perfect society, it is a certainty that this society will soon be unveiled as hopelessly broken--and may even begin functioning as The Antagonist.   And these authors may even probably be onto something. Call it a generational thing if you like (having been born in the early '70s, I sit in the tail end of Generation X, a touch prior the emergence of Gen Y) or the product of a life spent being betrayed by idealism and trust, but I find myself rather affectionate toward the brand of cynicism that cannot believe in a utopian civilization. As much as dystopia resonates with me, a dystopia under guise of utopia feels even more at home in my sense of What Is.   So when something like From the New World comes around, it's almost a certainty that I will bear it a charitable disposition. The story begins a millennium from today, and with the twenty-first-century emergence of humans with telekinetic powers, society has evolved in vastly different directions from its current trajectory. From the New World follows five children who discover for themselves the nature of the idyllic society they've been born into. Kishi's story functions as a kind of soft examination of power structures, oppression, and the question of reparations, and so might resonate well with an attentive audience who is concerned with the ethics of systemic structures and the normal citizens who unknowingly participate in those systems.   As I was waiting for a volume of the series to arrive in the mail to bring my collection up to speed (there are so far four available volumes), I poked around for information on the book--anything to provide a little colour for the review I hoped to soon write.[1] I discovered that there was a well-regarded anime series adapting the same novel. Intrigued, I decided to check it out on Crunchyroll.   It was amazing. I had only planned to view an episode or two. I devoured the entirety of the show (25 episodes) in under a week. It may actually be my favourite anime series of all time. The experience of watching this world unfold in terror and hope was wonderful. I never knew what was coming and was always on my toes. The show was lovely and fascinating and philosophically rich. Though completely caught off-guard, I became an ardent fan. I couldn't wait to get ahold of the manga version of the title.   [This show is so good you guys.]   Adaptation when done well is amazing and inspiring, mostly because you don't expect it. Taking an existing work that is worthy of recapitulation and then reinventing it in a worthy manner for a new medium (and possibly for a new audience) is a brutally difficult endeavor. At almost its best, an adaptation will only ever reach the heights of Acceptable or Not Bad. Only on the rarest occasion will the reimagining meet the demands of the source and continue on to become something shockingly good. Films like Fight Club and Rashomon. The theatrical adaptation of Wicked. Murakami's expansion of his own earlier short story ""Wind-Up Bird and Tuesday's Women."" Comics like 5 Centimeters Per Second and Brandon Graham's Prophet. Adaptations of this caliber are a scarcity. We can hold hope that we might be privileged to run into them in the future, but they can hardly be an expectation.   Conversely, on the other side, truly terrible transliterations of existing works--while not exactly rare--are still uncommon enough to defy prediction. When Marvel announces that they're going to be doing a Jessica Jones adaptation on Netflix, nobody's going to expect a terrible show. Fans of the Transformers probably didn't expect anything close to cinematic gold from Michael Bay's translation of the toy line in the 2000s, but few probably expected it to be as cataclysmically terrible as it was.   [This extermination of a couple kids is really the least of the book's graphic violence and horror. Tip of Iceberg stuff here.]   Though most adaptations sit safely in the mixed-bag territory comprised of so-so and alright and everything between, avoiding the extremities of the Great and the Awful, From the New World doesn't pussyfoot around. The manga realization of Yusuke Kishi's novel is blatantly bad. Its missteps are numerous and sometime egregious. And unfortunately for the series, its problems are only magnified by the glories of the anime adaptation.   On the more tolerable side, the art and storytelling are rather weak. The way the narrative unfolds is a jittery, lurching affair. The dialogue is uninspired and plain, and features characters communicating in impossibly expositional ways. For example, this painful series of panels designed to spell out exactly each character's role in the group (reads right to left in the Japanese form):   The writing is bad for the duration. A small few pages later, Saki narrates:   I would discover, amidst the endless despair and sorrow, why adults feared children so. That morning, we set out for summer camp, which triggered it all. Our fateful boats sailed on towards that day when so much would be reduced to ash...   Fateful boats? This is the writing of a fourteen year old.   While there are obviously big ideas at play, the manga adaptation does its best to downplay everything interesting there and instead focuses on a pandering sort of demographic-driven tawdriness. But maybe I'm just not the right audience for the book--I probably would have loved this manga when I was twelve.[2]   Where the comics version of From the New World most deeply offends is in its depiction of its female protagonists. The story is told not just from a perspective lodged deeply from within the male gaze; instead it's founded somewhere in the fractured imagination of some young heterosexual male who wants desperately to turn females into animate-though-barely-sentient sexual objects but lacks any real understanding of the anatomy or texture of the human person. At the start, these kids are about twelve years old,[3] but the book sallies forth with rather forthright nude lesbian scenes marked by iron-gripped groping and saliva streams and sweaty sweaty sweatiness. It would be comical if it wasn't so repulsive. Any female character under age twenty is obliged to constant camel toe. Series lead Saki and support characters are given breasts that must be filled with some impossible substance. I'm reminded of Forty-Year-Old Virgin when Steve Carrell describes a woman's breasts as being bags of sand. Here, the creator depicts them as something like tremendous waterballoons filled with grape jelly. Fingers dig in and realities collapse.[4] Like so (click the below blurred image to see what's wat in the realm of space horror--I don't actually recommend this course of action):   ]   Like probably every American reviewer of this book, I'm going on record to explain that I'm no shrinking violet when it comes to sex scenes in the narratives I consume and engage. Utsubora (also published by Vertical) is fraught with steamy, sexy scenes that might even be more explicit, but they're artfully accomplished and serve a purpose beyond mere titillation (even if the author still intends to arouse her reader) and I pretty highly recommend the book. Craig Thompson, in Blankets, depicts his avatar's first sexual experience with a girl and the scene is beautiful, wonderful, and essential--and the book would be lesser for its absence. So it's not the presence of sex that diminishes the book. It's not even the underage nature of the participants--Blankets too features sexual contact between minors.   The problem is that Saki, Maria, and Reiko are depicted as gratuitously sexualized objects for wholly prurient reasons. There are narrative reasons that they might be engaged in lesbian pursuits, but there is no reason for the character and quality of these scenes beyond giving teens weird jerk-off material. The producers are also certain to apportion out these scenes across the series to give readers at least one solid lesbian sex scene per volume--even if there aren't enough female characters around to make it happen (pro-tip: thank goodness for flashbacks and dream sequences!). The end result is a book that makes DC Comics look like a hard-bitten bastion of feminist activism. I was embarrassed to be reading this book. I was embarrassed to be seen reading these in public. I was embarrassed to hand these to my wife to read for a second opinion uncoloured by a fervent admiration for the anime adaptation. I was embarrassed for the manga's creators. And I was embarrassed for the subculture whose tastes make something like this book a marketable choice.   [This is basically almost an exact representation of me as I realized how awful this book series actually is.]   I'm not certain which adaptation is more faithful to the source--I have not had the pleasure of reading the original. It's possible (even plausible) that the anime took great liberties with the story as laid out in the novel. Anime tends to do this. It doesn't matter. The anime series stands as one of the great glories of its medium, a mature and indelible treatment of the human condition as written across millennia. The manga, for its part, likewise stands as emblem for its own medium--only as one of the great shames. These books are made repellent by the comparison. It's such a deeply tragic missed opportunity. Due to inept handling, this book that could have been a fascinating mix of speculative fiction, horror, bildungsroman, and political ethics becomes little more than a rambling, childish exercise in pandering to an infantile microdemographic.   This series is so badly done, so repellent, so great a disappointment after having seen the anime adaptation of the same story that I'm going to throw the books away. I don't throw books away if I don't like them. I give them to people who might like them, donate them to Friends of the Library, whatever. Not these. I want no one anywhere ever to read these.   In the supplemental material for the second volume, the publishers run a minicomic giving readers a bit of a behind-the-scenes glance into the adaptations of the novel. The manga's team visits the studio producing the anime and eventually the novelist Yusuke Kishi makes an appearance, praising the anime and cast. He then takes a moment to earnestly plead with the manga creators: ""Please make the manga good enough to beat the novel and anime! I have high hopes!"" It's as if those responsible for producing the manga listened attentively to the admonition and then beat the author savagely, tied him up, and pissed all over his dreams.   _________   Note: I've essentially stopped reviewing books I don't at least sort of like. There's enough negativity on the internet to sustain worldwide bile for another seven hundred years and I've stopped feeling the need to participate in that. The only reason I'm reviewing this From the New World is I want the opportunity to point out how wonderful the anime is and drive people toward it. You can view it on Crunchyroll. It is worth your time and consideration.   Trailer: https://youtu.be/ybgzmTT_SuM   _______   [Review courtesy of Good Ok Bad.]   _______   Footnotes   1) I hadn't yet read any of the manga, wanting to wait for all the books to come in.   2) Not that my mom would have allowed me to read a book with this much smut in it when I was twelve.   3) I can't actually remember how old they are in the manga. In the anime, they start out at somewhere around twelve years old.   4) It's possible/likely that artist Toru Oikawa is actually an elder god, here to drive us to madness by the impossibilities of his spacetime absurdities."
125.0	2.0	I've heard a ton of good things about this book. In fact that's all I've heard about this book. No bad reviews, no complaints. However, that wasn't the case with me. In fact, I didn't even finish Sisters Red. Now don't get me wrong I did try. I got through half of the book before sitting it down. There was no urge to finish reading, I was simply not interested.   To read the rest of this review clickity clack this link!:   http://crdcompulsicereadingdisorder.b...
565.0	2.0	There are times when a book starts off strong, and then somewhere around the middle it begins to lose you. This is one of them. I enjoy the Temeprance Brennan series, but for some reason the character (along with her sister-especially the sister) began to annoy me. The storyline sometimes went far too deep in the minute details of the medical aspects that I lost interest. I enjoy this series, so hopefully the next one I read won't make me dislike the character so much, to the point where I'm unable to continue reading these books.
262.0	3.0	This book could have been better without the language and the sexual content. I found it to be crude, and demeaning. However, there were some good points about it as well, but they were clouded by some of the less appealing points and I do not recommend it.
717.0	1.0	This book had a great premise, but the writing style was incredibly off-putting to me.
596.0	2.0	"So it turns out Holderlin is best experiences set to music and in German.   I have had this for a long time, traveling back and forth across the country with it thinking ""I like Ode to Joy, I'll probably enjoy the rest of his poetry.""   Nah uh.   That RH2017 challenge is out of the way, at least..."
669.0	4.0	"I'm waffling on whether or not I liked this book. I sort of did, but I'm not jumping up and down about it :)   The first thought I had about this book was ""why did we choose another 500 lb. hardback?"" (for book club) But after I read about 5 chapters, I picked up Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, which is so heavy it needs to be read at a table. Once I finished that book and came back to this, it felt as if it weighed nothing at all!   There are parts I thought were great writing and I thoroughly enjoyed. There's quite a bit of humor, too. For example, at the beginning of chapter 17, there's a whole discussion on the title of ""Loneliest Jew in the Sitka District"". He keeps referring back it, talking about his rivals, etc. When ""this man silently begins to weep into his plate of herring, Landsman tips over his king"" and concedes the title. I thought this was particularly brilliant, given the theme of chess throughout this book :)   When Landsman is recuperating at Berko's house and ends up with a baby and then subsequently his brother in the bed with him, I was laughing out loud. ""The boys execute a series of maneuvers, a kung fu of slumber, that drives Landsman to the very limit of the bed. They chop at Landsman, stab him with their toes, grunt and mutter. They masticate the fiber of their dreams (!). Around dawn, something very bad happens in the baby's diaper.""   ""'You have a serious toenail problem among your youth,' Landsman says. 'Also something, I think it might be a sea otter, died and is rotting in the little one's diaper.'""   I'd never heard of a fata morgana before. I found that totally fascinating.   Last, I was totally entertained by the concept of ""speaking American"" throughout the book -- mostly for swearing, but it was so funny to think of entire conversations happening in Yiddish, and then an exclamation in American English, consisting of ... swears :)   An editorial surprise: in the opening of chapter 6, the word ""access"" should have been ""excess""."
309.0	3.0	This book just was not for me. I think if I had read it as a child I would have liked it a lot more. I found it so repetitive and the children to be obtuse. If I had not listened to the audiobook I'm not sure I would have gotten through it. Very well written, it was the story itself I did not care for. :(
803.0	2.0	A little Shel Silverstein and a little Edward Gorey. Not for me.
877.0	1.0	I read this just a couple of days ago, but I don't remember anything about it. After reading the reviews of others, I remembered there was something about a typewriter. This story apparently did not engage me enough.
848.0	2.0	Maybe I have been reading too many end of the world, chosen one can save us books. Maybe it has been too long since I read Icons, the first in this series. I was confused and the periodic communications between I'm not sure and one or more of the characters in the form of some sort of transcript kept puling me out of something I was having trouble staying involved in to begin with. I may at some point revisit the first but I doubt it. I'll just move on.
580.0	2.0	This book is very slow moving until the last few pages. I am listening to the audio. The first 4 out of the 6 discs are mainly a travelogue set in Mexico City. There is practically no action until halfway through the 5th disc.
864.0	3.0	** spoiler alert **   I was disappointed by this. It did one of my least favorite mystery things: having the bad guy die in some accidental or self-inflicted manner so that the detective character will have less mess to deal with. And that happened three times in this book. THREE TIMES. Worse, as much as I really really wanted to like Cordelia Gray--James' female detective who's out to prove that solving crimes IS a suitable job for the ladies--I just couldn't get a sense of her. James gives her an appropriately weird background--Marxist father, educated in convents--but this origin story doesn't seem in any way connected to who Cordelia is now. There's no sense of how that background made her this person--or even who this person is. With only a moderately interesting mystery backed by a main character who remains pretty blank, there's just nothing all that memorable here.
447.0	2.0	Hard to identify with a protagonist who has a live-in boyfriend, but dates someone else. Some characters with pretty foul mouths, but that doesnt characterize the book as a whole. I enjoyed the insights into the newspaper world, but the technology must have been late 20th c even though the book was reissued this millennium. Im not inspired to look for more in the series.
484.0	1.0	An intriguing concept, but too many students and hard to keep them separate. I did like the summary of different types of poems at the end, though.
418.0	1.0	Another pretty good Josephine Tey mystery. This time with Alfred Hitchcock and his wife as key characters. Some of Upson's novels grate me, so I'm not as keen on this 'detective' as I am on her sidekick - Archie What's His Name, or Ian Rutledge of the Charles Todd series. But, at the moment, I'm still reading them, so ... whatever.
147.0	3.0	When the real Ghostbusters are trapped in another dimension, it's time for a back up team to take their place and try to figure out what is going on. The backup team consists of Janine, their secretary, Kylie Griffith, who runs Ray's bookstore, Special Agent Melanie Ortiz and convict Ray Alexander. If you don't know who most of those characters are, there is enough background given to fill you in.   This graphic novel contains 4 issues of the series with a short secondary story that follows the adventures of a ghost into the containment unit.   The art is caricature of the characters from the movie, and there are references in the background to the movie and the original series. The fourth included issue wraps up the previous three, but feels like a filler with more exposition than previously, and it does end on a cliffhanger. This made it less than satisfying for me, but I found the first 3 issues fun, with government bureaucrats attempting to market the new team and make money off of them.
556.0	1.0	The illustrations in this book are unsettling. Why are the kids permanently startled by rain?
323.0	2.0	Stuart Woods usually writes a very entertaining read, but the sugary sweet characters (ALL of them) made me think this book was written by a Stepford wife. No character ever seemed to get angry over ANYTHING, including what sounded like an extremely bitter divorce. Whaaaat ??? I just couldn't get past the images of all the sugary characters frolicking through the grass on both prozac AND valium. Way to unrealistic.
37.0	2.0	I was mighty disappointed in this book. I loved The Corps of the Bare-Boned Planes.
586.0	2.0	Very low humour and I don't think I quite got it all. I'm sure my sons will love the story and as it's not too negative and it does have a moral I will put it on their e-readers. They'll get a kick out of the name alone. This is one of those books where it may not be one of those classics you want them to read, but at least they're reading and it's not all bad.
438.0	3.0	I'll admit that I had a really hard time with this book. At first I couldn't decide if it's because it's considered Middle Grade reading and maybe I was expecting too much or if it just isn't my style. What I decided is that there was so much detail - every tiny conversation - but I didn't get any emotion, just words. This could have been a very powerful story, but it was just words on paper.   Dellie's brother died the summer before the book begins, but no one says what happened to him, but it seems that Dellie thinks it's her fault. Her mom stays in her room and cries a lot and her dad seems to try to make things 'normal' again. She has the usual teen troubles - she likes a boy but isn't sure he likes her; her best friend gets made at her and she doesn't know why. In the midst of all this, a new family moves into the building. A little boy like her brother was. Dellie takes a special interest in the boy and feels like it's her responsibility to take care of him.
409.0	3.0	"2.5 out of 5 stars   she can't sit here / with us anymore / & i'm sure we can all feel / the heaviness of her absence, / but even when every chair is taken / & everyone else has to stand, / it still feels like there will always be a space for her. / -your energy cannot be destroyed.   This was a very quick read. It was very easy to finish in one sitting, but this points to one of the big issues I had with this book. When I read a poem, and especially when I read a poetry collection, I expect to be compelled to reflect. I expect a good poetry collection to be something I am stuck in for days or weeks, something I keep thinking about and coming back to. This was definitely not that kind of poetry collection. The poems are more like paragraphs chopped into one- or two-word increments and assembled to look like a stanza. Moreover, there is too little poetic usage of language in my opinion. This makes the themes come across as trite in some instances.   I was pretty excited to read this collection when I read the synopsis and heard some positive things about it. I liked the fairytale inspiration behind it and was expecting vivid, dreamy poems with a feminist tint. The themes of the collection are worthy and definitely need to be discussed, but I felt like the writing wasn't skillful enough to do the themes justice or to really reach me as a reader on an emotional level. This felt like a poetry collection by a teenager and for a teenager. There is nothing at all wrong with that, though, and I think a teenage reader might get more out of this book than I did. There are some good messages about loving yourself and about denouncing rape culture. The fourth and final part of the collection titled ""& You"" is pretty motivational and probably just what some teenagers need to hear.   emily-- / i often / find myself / wondering / if you are still / out there / trying to find / yourself by / candlelight. / is sylvia there / beside you, / guiding / the way with / the old / brag / of her / beating / heart? / does / virginia / have / a room / all her own? / & what about / harriet / & anne / & harper? / does / a woman / ever / find / her peace?   I've interspersed some excerpts that reached me the most. I would recommend this book to young readers that aren't quite sure about poetry. It's a quick read to give you a taste and to make you think about some important issues (body image, rape culture, self-love/care).   My copy of this book was provided by NetGalley in exchange for an honest review. Thank you, NetGalley and Andrews McMeel Publishing for helping me get a copy of this book."
52.0	2.0	A charming little story that takes a quirky turn where you are asked to wonder which of the worlds we are asked to inhabit in books is the real one. En route you get to enjoy all the fun poked and Manga comic styles with all their exotic protocols.   I'm not a Manga reader but I enjoyed this. It's a Manga satire, I guess.
599.0	3.0	ARC via author and publisher in exchange for an honest review.   Find more review, book looks, and giveaways on my blog No Bent Spines   I would just like to begin with I adore SUGAR by Deirdre Riordan Hall. PEARL, unfortunately, let me down. This book is about Pearl, whose mother is a used-to-be rocker with an addiction to drugs and doesn't really care about her daughter. After her mother reaches a new low, Pearl's uncle comes to pick her up and ship her off to a boarding school. The rest of the book follows Pearl trying to live. She tries to make friends, tries to find the will to live, tries to paint and breathe and just be.   Onto my opinions.   I found myself skipping chapters through the book, as well as wondering who in the world talks like that. Some of the discussions, well, they were very poetic. When I'm breaking down about some tragic I don't start comparing my life to the night sky, or something equally gorgeous. Maybe that's just me, but I found it very off-putting while reading. It startled me. This way of speaking made the characters less relatable. This, for me, is important in book. Whether the actual situation the characters are in is something I've experienced, or not experienced, is not what's important to me. However, I would like to be able to sympathize and feel some of what the characters are feeling. But in PEARL, I just was unable to.   That was my biggest issue with the book. I just felt completely removed from the characters and not entirely interested in the story. It definitely wasn't poorly writer; it just really wasn't my cup of hot chocolate. When choosing from Ms. Hall's books, I'll be re-reading SUGAR and setting aside PEARL.   Later gators   Jackie
687.0	1.0	"A.E.W.Mason is a writer of both mysteries and normal novels, his most famous work being ""The Four Feathers,"" about the war in Sudan and the consequences of a momentary cowardice for the whole life of a man.   In the mystery field, his best-known work is ""At the villa Rose,"" where he introduced his French detective, inspector Hanaud.   This book I have just now read is the second Hanaud adventure, but rather than a novel it is a short story or, at the most, a novella. It is not bad, but I liked ""At the villa Rose"" better."
879.0	3.0	This was incredibly ho-hum for a Wonder Woman comic, especially one so large.   Most of it was taken up by very short, rather mundane stories. There was very little in terms of any character insight, or development.   There were two stories that may redeem the book, however. The first was a continuation of the Legend of Wonder Woman series. It was nice to see another story in that continuity.   The other redeeming part was the final story in which Wonder Woman meets a very young metahuman who has just come into her powers. The story wasn't that great, but the scene between Diana and Peony was very heartwarming.
716.0	2.0	Not very good at all. I was hoping for a tense horror novel and I got confused slop. It was 30 pages of horror, 100 pages of bad comedy and 100 pages of awful romance. Nothing came together well and the ending rushed into oblivion.
243.0	3.0	The information we got from the characters I feel like we should have already gotten. I really don't care for the good guys. Power Girl is just annoying and the rest of the good guys feel like there just there. Did the writer get lazy? I ask that because the story is just blah now.
131.0	3.0	There are a lot of cool things in this book--important themes about sexuality and femininity and love and healing, about self-confidence and feeling your place in the world. The setup is cool, with the split of themes into four chapters, and the minimalist style is really nice, along with the cool little drawings that accompany some of the poems.   The actual poetry is cringeworthy awful. I did not understand it. The words were unoriginal and there were a ton of phrases that I quite literally laughed at, and the line breaks seemed completely arbitrary. I don't understand what makes this book so well-received and even though I find a lot of the things Kaur discusses relatable, I didn't feel it in these poems. High expectations and huge letdown.
562.0	1.0	Good effort for the emerging children literature in Indonesia.
219.0	2.0	I loved the references to Hawaiian history, language and culture. The mystery was okay.
95.0	3.0	"This is a very different take on graphic novels for me, I also don't personally read vampire literature at all. I was never a fan of paranormal novels. Yet, this book fascinated me how modern life and technology provides more to fear and gain for the vampires. The worldbuilding was very nice which gives it an edge I enjoyed reading about.   For me, this story was very jumpy. It definitely wasnt a smooth read. I always had more questions and the fact that his ""son"" became a vampire hunter became a great coincidence. I didn't like the art much, even though red, white and black is my favourite colour scheme. I did like the MC's dreams though. The colour scheme made more sense once were are told that the vampires are colour blind and only see red, white and black. Oh.   None the less this book wasn't for me."
808.0	3.0	"This story is terrible, to be frank. The only reason I gave it two stars instead of one is because of its historical interest and because the art by Mike Mayhew is really quite good.   I can't really be too harsh in judging this mess of a story, with its overly busy plot, lame characters and clunky dialogue, because it is a rough daft, after all, and George Lucas never intended for this to be seen. At least, I hope not. Even by the standards of the early 1970s this is pretty ridiculous. It's not even a decent attempt at a Flash Gordon pastiche, honestly.   But the most interesting thing about it is the comparison to the final version of the story, as realized in Star Wars.   Here R2D2 speaks English and is a crabby little tin can with arms. Han Solo looks remarkably like DC's Swamp Thing, Luke Skywalker is essentially the Obi-Wan Kenobi character while Annikin Starkiller plays the role Luke did in the film. Everyone, including the Stormtroopers, wave lightsabers around, and Darth Vader doesn't wear a face mask, although he does have a robotic eye. Chewbacca is some kind of Yeti and the rest of the Wookiees live as the Ewoks did, with a whole ""Battle of Endor"" type set piece.   You can see how Lucas rearranged and recycled various bits and pieces, even reusing specific lines of dialogue and whole scenes, but there's no real way to see the direct lines of continuity between this and the final product. I find it impossible to puzzle out the thought process Lucas went through to get from A to Z, other than the fact he must have watched some John Ford movies and a couple pirate movies to filter his homage of Kurosawa's Hidden Fortress through.   This version of the story is far less epic than the movie and the story beats come at awkward times. It's also a lot bloodier, with people and pets dying left and right throughout, generally cut in two by a lightsaber.   The Force is called The Force of Others, which makes even less sense, and they apparently run on a VERY long day, as the time is generally given in incredibly high increments like 55 and 64 o'clock or something. I honestly just glazed over when he threw in technical jargon, because it literally doesn't mean anything.   So to sum up: not good in and of itself, worth reading only if you're interested in seeing the original version of this story. Even then I would buy it."
82.0	2.0	This is the perfect example of a crap book. I have noticed that Disney is full of stuff like this. This book is more like a commercial for their products. Every princess takes a turn at doing something for Halloween. It is such an insipid book: no story, nothing compelling, no reason to purchase this.   I am sure we came into possession of this because Beetle likes the princesses. I hope it was a gift and not something my labor purchased.
696.0	2.0	The picture of all of the children at the end was trying a little too hard for me.
306.0	2.0	An interesting concept (trumpet-shaped scatting fish) but lacking in execution.
956.0	1.0	The poetry was... bad. Feels like I was reading hallmark quotes with a dash of a more decent (read: bearable) prose. I heard Lullabies was better. I hope it is.
144.0	2.0	Loses a full star for the chapter that teaches us how not eating pork directly leads to petty crime and familial recriminations.
999.0	1.0	This reads like a dream and like most dreams it left me confused with little to no understanding as to what actually happened.
415.0	1.0	The idea of an evil Spider-Man knockoff is a good one. But this one is so evil it is ridiculous. But not funny. The first bit was this jumper was actually pretty good. But then he kept on eating bits of the bad guys. And no one supposed to notice Spider-Man had changed. With not especially good writing or art.
548.0	4.0	Spoiler Alert, cause I'm too lazy to do all the formatting.   The art style for this book is beautiful. That being said, when I picked it up I was expecting a light romance. What I got was instead a heartfelt journey full of religion, rebellion, childhood abuse and sadly to say, nudity. Did I finish it? Yes. Am I glad I did? Kind of. BUT, there were some aspects that I just...hated. Craig, the author and main character in this book takes us with him as he grows from a frightened young boy, to a confused young man. This kid had a hard childhood, as the things he did his very Christian mother didn't agree with, and his father would often yell and put him in a small room for timeout. This made me sad that the author expressed all this as a really hard childhood, as he really didn't seem to have it that bad. The one thing that made me sad was that he was molested by his teenage male babysitter when he was a kid. That disgusted me. But, as for the rest, he starts to rebel from his faith, and ultimately leaves it. He falls in love, then ditches the girl(of course they had sex at least once. Grrr.) And ultimately accomplishes nothing. I gave two stars for the artwork. That's about it.
4.0	5.0	Angelfall Review for Goodreads   Well, if you read my reviews you've probably noticed something strange about the stars above these words. That's right, two. Not one, two.   It really is the End of Days!   THE COVER: Pretty good all in all, striking, interesting colours, no random pretty girls in prom dresses. Probably because there is no prom in this book. Worst. Apocalypse. EVER!   THE OPENING: Pretentious. Although when an author thinks something is deeper than it actually is, you at least know they have the ability to think. In summation, the sunsets are more beautiful since the apocalypse started because... uh... the book was infected with the irony virus! (one of the symptoms of which being occasional purple prose)   THE PROTAGONIST: Penryn is pretty much Katniss from Hunger Games, and as such is a pretty okay protagonist. I honestly have no complaints; even when she did not-entirely-smart things you got the feeling it was because she was in a tough situation where through no fault of her own she had no idea what she was doing, rather than because she was an idiot. Wow, that's the nicest thing I've ever said about a YA protagonist...   THE LOVE INTEREST: Surprisingly didn't get together with the heroine in this volume, and I say surprisingly when actually it makes sense, but I'm used to things not making sense in YA, so yeah. Their relationship was done okay.   As a character, however, he's... pretty bland. Reminds me a bit of Patch, funnily enough. His name's Raffe (guess what that's short for!), but I call him Snow, because we don't learn his name until Chapter Ten, only that he has snowy white wings. Plus, as you discover throughout the book, he knows nothing. So, GoT reference. More on his failings will be in the 'Worldbuilding' section.   THE BEST FRIEND: There isn't one. There is Pen's crazy mother though (again, Hunger Games), who is crazy in the way that you get the feeling might not be how real crazy people act. But I'm not a psychologist and I've only encountered one kind of crazy in my life, so I'll give the author the benefit of the doubt. She is, hilariously, more competent than most of the characters in the book though.   Also there's a pair of annoying and forgettable twins from--   LA RESISTANCE: Lead by Obi-Wan Kenobi (okay, his name's really Obadiah) this resistance is for only the BEST, as their policy for fights breaking out in camp is to take bets, and Obi's plans to defeat the angels include setting crazed cannibals on them. They do have actual plans and stuff, of course, but we hear nothing about them because the book focuses on other things.   THE ANTAGONIST: The angels themselves go under 'worldbuilding', but there are several individuals who deserve a mentions; Laylah, Belial, and Uriel, who each get about five pages screen-time. Of course, a book doesn't need its antagonists to be omnipresent if it has good--   WORLDBUILDING: And this book did not have good worldbuilding. Firstly in the post-apocalyptic nature of the book, where only a few months after things were perfectly normal, gangs of people now feel the best use of their time is to turn supermarkets into torture stations and torture people. They're the best? Also, even though there was still electricity, the people decided to throw away their smartphones, apparently all on the same street so the road was paved with them, in compliance with the irony virus.   Then there were the angels. The angels who, like all YA angels, were pretty much just humans with wings. They talked like humans. Understood colloquialisms (except in one strange and out of place instance). Had human genders and sexuality (for the most part; the whole thing was kind of uninspired). Human emotions. Human cruelty. Human doubt in the existence of God (and you can only take so many liberties with a mythical creature). Random labs of mad science. They just didn't feel like angels--even calling them 'aliens' would have been more understandable.   PLOT: Story-wise... it was pretty good. Probably the best I've seen on the 'show' (not that that's saying much). There were a few pacing issues that improved later on, and I would have condensed several of the shorter chapters into one; also, while the climax was good, the ending was pretty weak.   But overall good. However, there were other problems involving unanswered questions about the nature of the angels, and while this is the first in a series, it fell flat on answering questions that leave the reader asking more. Too many secrets; not enough revelation.   Though I suppose the characters had had enough Revelation at this point!   Ba-dum ching!   So, two out of five on Goodreads for a solid protagonist and story, three stars lost for the bad worldbuilding, lack of originality, and general meh-factor; two out of ten on the Karataratakus scale of Things that Entertained Me with their Badness for not being bad enough to entertain me.
704.0	2.0	Murder mystery set in London, 1856.   I found this book very slow and uninspired.   There are much better books around.
707.0	2.0	It's a lot of fun seeing an arc set in the early days of Fables, when Bigby was still chainsmoking and Totenkinder was around to work her magic. Unfortunately the story of how Rapunzel returns to Japan (where she hid after her home realm fell to the emperor) lost me with its tales of intrigues and betrayals--I couldn't keep track of who was double-crossing whom.
143.0	2.0	An uneven fantasy story full of plot holes, bratty kids, nonsensical parents, unanswered questions, and a weirdly sluggish pace. Skip this one, although a kid with a penchant for fairy tales, writing, and exploring haunted French castles would enjoy this one. No crossover appeal, however, and poor execution.
269.0	1.0	I like this author but just can't get into this particular series.
926.0	3.0	This is bad in ways that simply aren't necessary. Forgotten plots, stories that don't really end, time jumps where important things happen but we are told after the fact about them instead of shown, and terrible dialogue that often makes no sense. What's happened to the Ann Nocenti who wrote Daredevil and Longshot? Worse yet is the scratchy and ugly art by Harvey Tolibao that has a very hard time expressing any form of sequential storytelling.   I wish it was better. One more volume until Lemire. I can make it through.   I'm going to have to get the Grell trades just to read some real Ollie soon.
479.0	2.0	-Good Plants and bad plants. There were good seeds from good plants and bad seeds from bad plants. But seeds are invisible and they sleep deep in the heart of earth's darkness, until some one among them is seized with the desire to awaken.   -You are beautiful but you are empty.   -All grown-ups were once children... but only few of them remember it.   -It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.   Well some of the quotes from this book were really brilliant. The backdrop of a little prince, going from one small planets to another was really hooking. It was the end of the book which I was not able to relate with. May be I should have read this book during my childhood but now I am grown-up. That's why I am also talking like them as, sadly, for me also matter of consequence matters the most.
284.0	3.0	The illustrations are interesting, but not my favorite style, although I did really like the picture of the cannon going off, with a glorious kaboom and a cloud of smoke. The story itself was tedious in its repetition, and I could not wait for it to be over. Fortunately, it is very short.
889.0	2.0	"The cover is the best thing about this comic. Just look lovingly at the pretty art and don't bother to open the comic.   An intro comic to get you to read a big story that assumes you've already read stuff leading up to SW, as it features supporting cast members from Fantastic Four to explain an event that spun out of an Avengers storyline, so a bunch of odd kids explain the end of the world.   And then you get to a two page spread cliffhanger page that makes you go 'What is going on here...?""   and then we cut away to a Marvel/Attack on Titan story that they just jammed in to boost the page count."
951.0	3.0	"The Infinite Loop' by Pierrick Colinet with art by Elsa Charretier seemed to have elements of a story I should have liked. A strong lead character and time travel as a device. Unfortunately, I felt beat about the head by it's message.   Teddy has a cool job in time travel. Her job is to correct paradoxes in time travel that she finds since she lives in a future where time travel is possible. Somewhere along the way, she may have run into the love of her life. She is cautioned by some of her other alternate selves to not pursue this illicit relationship, but then convinces herself to ""pride up"" and not let conventional people, like the co-workers who want to track and kill her lover. And that's about all I got out of it.   It's fine to have a message. It's fine to have a platform to tell it in. It's really not so much fun to read such a message if it's so heavy handed that it diverts from the story. I just felt like the story got completely derailed by the author's simple and massively repeated message. Which is too bad, because I liked the strong protagonist and her partner on the job, and I liked the art as well.   I received a review copy of this graphic novel from IDW Publishing and NetGalley in exchange for an honest review. Thank you for allowing me to review this graphic novel."
294.0	3.0	Okay I hated it. It was just so unnecessarily violent and gross. The amount of cursing going on was ridiculous, sure it pops up in normal conversation, but it was every other word it felt like! This is definitely a series I won't be picking up again. I read comics to explore new ideas and new concepts all the slurs and gun violence are too much of a reality of today for me to ever think I'd want to read a book so full of all of it.
950.0	3.0	2.5 stars Love the cover.   Molly Barlow did something horrible before she left in a hurry. She left Patrick her first and only love broken behind and now she's back and nobody let's her forget what she did.   There were times I felt for Molly, she didn't deserve all the backlash she got at first, but the second time she did.   Molly is a strong girl she didn't mean to hurt so many people, but Molly doesn't not learn from her past mistakes and ends up doing just that again. I hate love triangles especially between siblings it just wrong. The writing good. I just didn't like were the story line was going with Molly being so selfish.
13.0	4.0	Did not do it for me.   I'm as big a fan of feminist retellings as the next woman on the block, but there was waaaaay too much going on in this graphic novel for me to get into it. I was disappointed because I was really looking forward to a sci-fi spin on Homer's Odyssey. The one thing I did like was how, contrary to many other retellings, the author didn't brush over the petty drama and in-fighting between the gods. Of course since I could rarely figure out who was who or what the heck was happening (even having read The Odyssey going in), I didn't get to appreciate it much.
705.0	3.0	This is one of those series from back in the day that would seemingly be a home run considering it's a merging of two of my favorite genres. Too bad pesky things like cohesive, understandable writing, muddy artwork, and empty characters got in the way. This is totally a book I'm glad I didn't buy, but now that it's on Marvel Unlimited, I can check it out with the only price being my time.... I will be exploring the next issue, mainly because a story so vague intrigues me... Not in a good way, but rather, does the rest of the series fail so hard as well? Konichiwa, true believer!
515.0	2.0	I got bored in this book but my son really liked it. That surprised me. He seemed to enjoy the characters (that I didn't like) and he saw the humour and mystery in it that eluded me.   So, I would recommend this for kids in the grade 4 or 5 age range and tell parents that they don't need to pre-read it. :)
751.0	1.0	Lovely illustrations!
356.0	3.0	"I don't know...   Maybe because I just read a Daredevil title with mega-super angst where Karen died for Matt's pain that a whole Spidey title about Gwen dying felt flat and over the top angsty.   Peter annonces at the beginning it is the story of how he and Gwen fell in love and for the love of all the gods, I really did not see it. It wasn't there at all.   Just felt like Flash and Harry when they were brooding together wondering why both Gwen and MJ were so into Peter all of a sudden.   I mean I get Peter is a nice kid and I wish him everything but the ""attraction"" of those two for him came from nowhere and went very fast. I just felt everything was way to quick and it definitely felt like a nerdy-boy wet dream (and I don't know why I'm even surprised...)   What did I liked? Gwen and MJ.   Even if MJ felt like a big stereotype, her confidence was nice to read (even if I wonder if it was supposed to be a bad thing, since Peter can't resist it and it's apparently her ""fault"") and I did like her friendship with Gwen! So, to be short: the girls are cool and spidey is all angsty."
121.0	3.0	I didn't read every poem in the book, but I'm declaring this one read. It's ok, if you like Californian neo-Buddhism. I found only a couple of these poems truly memorable. The rest were sort-of journal entries by a guy I probably would find too New Agey to enjoy a dinner with. Maybe a cup of coffee. Definitely a hike.
621.0	2.0	I'm all for light and fluffy entertainment, but this just didn't do it for me. I did finish it but only because I was trapped on a plane and it was what I had to read.
909.0	1.0	I enjoyed the forward more than the poetry. There were a couple gems, but over all it felt like reading a college girl's diary. Not for me.
895.0	4.0	Richard North Patterson has always been one of my favorites, and I even enjoyed his political novels even when I didn't agree with the politics. FALL FROM GRACE unfortunately fails on so many levels. But, since Patterson is such a talented author, the book ends up being interesting.   The plot is typical of his earlier novels. Take a bunch of people who are messed up. Create a current crises, and have the answer to that crisis be a tragic event in the past. In this novel, Ben Blaine has died. The rich best-selling author fell from a cliff at Martha's Vineyard, and son Adam Blaine has returned home for the funeral.   Adam hated his father, and soon discovers the conflict will continue after his father's death. His father's will has left out his mom and his brother, and given everything to an actress he was dating and Jenny Leigh, Adam's ex-girlfriend.   Why this novel is HORRIBLE: Two reasons. First, for the vast majority of the novel, nothing happens. Second, the flashbacks are handled incredibly poorly. Here's what happens for most of the novel. Adam Blaine decides to investigate what happened to his dad, and to try and have the will changed. He begins by talking to people. He talks to his mom, his brother, and then a doctor. Then a psychiatrist. Then the actress, then Jenny, then a cop, then a DA. That's it. Chapter to chapter is Adam going down a list talking to different characters. Patterson never shows us anything. Everything is told, all the events of the novel are recounted. Everything is too contrived. Characters are talked to in an order that will slowly reveal the plot, not in and order that would make sense. For instance, I would have thought Adam would have talked to Jenny first, not days later.   Something obviously happened between Adam and his dad ten years ago. But, something obviously happened with Jenny too. Yet Adam doesn't talk to her. Somehow she doesn't make it on the list of people to talk to until it is convenient for the story. Adam just didn't behave as rational, normal character would.   Second problem is the flashbacks. Patterson used to devote entire sections of novels the flashbacks. The flashbacks would reveal truths about characters and cover events that shape the major conflicts of the novel. In this book, flashbacks are a sentence long, a paragraph long, a page long. Too short to be meaningful, and too numerous to have an impact.   Why this novel is GOOD: In the end, I found myself enjoying the fast and furious pace of the twists as Patterson revealed one demented twist after another. These characters are sick and damaged, and no one beats Patterson in the art of the revelation. I love how he includes parts from earlier in the novel in italics as memories as the story unfolds.   Patterson is a great author, so in his greatness he made a poor novel entertaining. But, regardless of how good the novel was at the end, it doesn't overcome the poorly structured beginning and middle in which Adam does nothing more than listen to people tell stories about the past. In a Patterson novel a decade ago, we would have lived the past. Instead, we were just told about it.
983.0	2.0	I have always hated Harry when he shows up in the Jack Daniels books. Within in this book he is a buffoon. I thought the pick your choice option might be interesting, not so much, each option was more absurd and ridiculous than the last. Not worth the time to read.
472.0	1.0	Just don't get the hype.   Some nice drawings, but story is dull....I don't want subtle when reading to a kid,I want to entertain!
477.0	3.0	"I don't like to give negative reviews, but this book was definitely not to my taste. It strikes me as being loosely in the tradition of Ginsberg's Howl in that it seems to be stream-of-consciousness and seems to be trying to express a dominant social/emotional experience of people at this time, that being the irrelevance of the title. However, Berrigan isn't really a howler but more an intellectual juggler of words and ideas. You'll find little imagery here. And rather than Ginsberg's long lines, Berrigan's are short. If there was any methodology/crafting of the line breaks, it was lost on me. And if there was any wedding of sight and sense in the columnar appearance of the poem, it was also lost on me. I would have preferred reading it in prose form with paragraph breaks. Here's a sample from page 33 so you can judge for yourself whether this is your sort of poetry:   unwilling to measure the   qualities of desire as we   stand in its relation, I   find I stare at your script   from afar, wondering if   the open, refined, sensuous,   conservative imagination   it projects is a functional   defense against the light   arts, or more of an active   missionary filter with, for,   and from reality's stance   on a version of ""us.""   Crimson elephant   smiling from a poster   for art disguised as   delirium. Does it nod?"
863.0	1.0	If there were negative stars, that is what I would give this book. I didn't even want to finish it.
955.0	1.0	Awful idea with good pictures. Made me want to go on a rampage once finished. So hard to follow.
295.0	4.0	"One of things that appealed to me about this graphic novel was the promise that these zombies were not the mindless stupid creatures we are accustomed to. Instead, these creatures are highly intelligent, cunning, and above all, very sadistic. In short, this graphic novel looked very promising.   However, I never quite got into the novel. I usually try to avoid jumping into a series midway through. Although this book can be read as a stand-alone, I think fans of the saga got a lot more out of the story than I did. For one thing, I don't know the main characters as well so I really had difficulties trying to follow what had gone in the past and what some of them were doing now. It probably also didn't help that I wasn't a huge fan of the artwork. Many of the panels are shaded black or gray which sets the tone of the work but made it very difficult to distinguish some of the characters at crucial times. I get the point that in this storyline, no one is good or evil. Everyone has shades of ""gray"" but I think it would be helpful if the reader could at least figure out who was talking or being killed!"
729.0	3.0	"See the chapter x chapter review on my blog.   This book doesn't have a plot; it has a series of actions that pop up any time the romance needs to be cockblocked. There's no sense in this book that anyone is working towards anything or that we're supposed to be curious and discover stuff along with them. We're just supposed to wait for the next bit of exposition to tell us something, which by the way, will have absolutely no lead-in at all. New characters, concepts, and events are introduced late in the book with no hint that we should have expected something to come, so it always feels more like a blindsided slap than a reveal.   I hesitate to say that the writing is atrocious, because it was done on purpose, so I'll say instead that it was ineffective. If we presume that it was done to show Juliette as ""off balance"" or not quite connected to reality, it doesn't. It makes her feel like an emo-teenager writing poetry while hopped up on Red Bull. She never has an trouble distinguishing what's going on from fantasy, and her actions and thoughts are never disordered or false. As a means of showing her mental state, the writing does nothing, because her mental state is fine. Her narration is a mess, but she's perfectly sane.   And as to the worldbuilding, characters, and concepts in this novel? Well...the scientists and doctors in this world discovered a girl who can kill people by touching them and decided to try and cure that with ""pills,"" then put her in a mental institution when they couldn't. They thought that murder-hands wasn't worth alerting the media and studying; they just called her crazy and tried to fix it, even though they knew the magic touch thing wasn't in her imagination. Thinking about how many plot holes and complete lapses in logic are in that single paragraph.   Now multiply it by 50 chapters.   That's this book."
378.0	1.0	Kingsley clearly has a good sense of mythology and the heroes, but the writing style is plodding and old fashioned, and his Christian religious spin on the myths is downright jarring.
641.0	1.0	As a poet, this book isn't great. However, knowing who Wes is, it makes sense lol.
753.0	1.0	More of an early reader than a storytime book
58.0	2.0	I've read all of the Alex Cross novels up to this point and to sum them all up, they seem formulaic to me. The same basic plot permeates each novel. Alex just has a different locale, a different mistress and maybe a different villian.
798.0	2.0	Iron Man does cyberpunk. There were a few good moments of humor in this, but for the most part my reaction was similar to what it (sadly?) is for most examples of that genre: huh? Sadly, this level of persistent, rapid-fire technobabble makes my poor, inadequate wetware brain hurt.
371.0	2.0	"This book aims to tell the true story (i thought) about Bertha Gossett Hill, a widow and convicted murderess from post-war Floyd County, Georgia . I was disappointed at the written prejudices and damnation of Hill by the author, whereby the facts were tossed at the wayside with each turned page, and Hill was summarily, albeit figuratively, hung before the trial began in the book. It came across more as an opinionated essay and biased ""gotcha"" piece, rather than a fact-based book wherein the reader can gather facts and make up his own mind of what really happened. This isn't my cup of tea."
271.0	3.0	Not really a good crime story. Not really a good young adult story. Not really sure about why the victim is witnessing everything. Not all that well written (or perhaps, translated). Not emotionally invested in any of the characters. So what did I like? The Neo-Nazi storyline was not what I expected and not one I usually encounter in books. Plus, it was short, so not a huge waste of time.
974.0	2.0	"No. I did not like this.   This is a ""love story"" between a kid who wears a fedora and thinks he has a right to be an asshole to everyone because he knows big words and survived his parents getting divorced like half the rest of the population and a self proclaimed /weird/ girl who doesn't know who Nicholas Sparks is and remains trivially overprotected by her huge, conveniently just as quirky, New York family.   It bad."
169.0	1.0	I read the first book when I was 12 and loved it.. Older and just can not get into this one.
239.0	2.0	This seemed like another book to keep an author like Jane Yolen earning money in the publishing world. The poems didn't grab me. You can do better, Jane.
207.0	3.0	I gave this the old college try of 75 pages and then read the ending. UGH. I think this is actually a YA book and I found reading texts and Facebook pages just down right annoying. The story is not original, the writing is trite and nothing appealed to me. I worry how I will discuss this at book club without hurting the feelings of the person recommending it. This was not for me and there are just too many good books for me to read to waste my time on this.
358.0	1.0	This was worse than the second book.
874.0	2.0	A little possum is turned invisible by her grandmother to protect her from predators. She gets tired of being invisible and they go on a quest together to make her visible again. It involved traveling around Australia eating local cuisine to undo the magic. Someone who had an attachment to Australia and/or its cuisine might be enamored of this book. I had neither attraction, so it wasn't that great to me. My daughter liked it and I thought the illustrations were nice.
600.0	1.0	I read E. F. Watling's translation.   Not as good as The Oedipus Cycle or Ajax or Electra but still got some good points, The tragedy is well presented, The characters made a strong impression even the silent Iole.   The problem in this play is the long dialogues and the unneccesary role of the chours.
509.0	2.0	Semi-comprehensible writing. I think part of the problem was that these stories got cut and pasted together from multiple issues, but I still don't know what Banner was doing out of his cage. And beyond that: big, stupid fights. Loeb's really lost it if this is his idea of good writing.
434.0	1.0	It was cute, but the characters were a teensy bit annoying, and the story a little too neatly summed up (even for a children's book).
585.0	4.0	Overall: This simply didn't do it for me...   Color Me: Bored to Freaking Tears   I love a good musician story. But this felt like a waste of time. Pretty boring. I just don't think Sara Zarr is for me. Sorry...   Writing Technique: 1/2   Not bad, but not inspired.   Plot/Character Development:   Same old, same old. Overwhelmed musical prodigy must learn to love music again and stand up for herself and deal with her (grand)daddy issues...obvs...   Theme/Message:   Do What You Love/Love What You Do, Fight For What You Want... maybe some others, but it was lost in the unparalleled mediocrity...   Rating: PG-13   for swearing and inappropriate relationships with grown-ass men. Ugh.   Audiobook Narration:   Sara Zarr narrates her own books. I think this is a huge mistake. She has a sad, dull, lifeless quality to her reading that makes her already sad and dull contemporary fiction fell really flat. I just don't get it.   Overall: I kinda feel like I wasted time on a mediocre story. If you wanna read a musician story read If I Stay / Where She Went by Gayle Forman. Read Guitar Notes by Mary Amato. For crying out loud, read The Sea of Tranquility by Katja Millay. Even Lament / Ballad by Maggie Stiefvater (my least favorite books by her) have so much more substance than this.
34.0	3.0	"I had high hopes for this one, but after the 3rd time I contemplated not finishing the book, I knew I was in trouble. I trudged through thinking ""it's got to get better"" and sadly, it just didn't. I couldn't relate to the characters, much less like them (okay maybe Nick's mom). The writing is good and for that it's 2 stars, but the story just sucked."
634.0	3.0	Hmmm... as much as I like Peter Straub- Ghost Story is one of my favorite horror stories, I just couldn't get into this one. I feel like Straub is stuck in the groovy 60's and can't get out. The story was hard to follow, and reminded me of many other Aleister Crowley inspired novels. Almost too boring to finish, lost of pages with little action and no attachment to the main characters.
433.0	2.0	I'm not a fan of Elmo - a little cutesy (ala Jar Jar Binks) for my liking.   This is a sequel that never needed to be made. 5 stars for the orignal (The Monster at the End of this Book) to 1 star for this terrible effort.   If it were a stand-alone book is would have got more. The joke is exactly the same as the original - but if it were new to you it'd be funny. The implementation was basically the same - so again pretty good. But really this was a typical merchandising decision to attempt to get the character of the minute (Elmo) onto as much stuff as possible!
311.0	3.0	I bought this graphic novel on a whim! I've always been interested in graphic novels, but god knows, I can't afford it. I saw this on a stand at Fully Booked and was surprised by the price, that I just grabbed it and went.   One of the subjects in this book is about criticising Filipino movies. One of the irony of this book is the story revolves around the same story line of Filipino rom-com. It's cliche, dramatic, and disgustingly funny. Poor, ugly, boy meets rich, beautiful girl.   The comedic touch is fine, it's nice especially as it adds that touch of Filipino humour that we all hate and love. But, the idea of the novel is to go against it, yet, it is what it is.   That just ruins everything for me.   However, I'm interested to give Arnold Arre another try, as his drawings and subjects are interesting despite this obvious plot.
701.0	1.0	Sweet mother of Jesus, WHY would you write a book like this?
475.0	1.0	Definitely a page turner. There is nothing good about the plot line or the characters in the novel. Left me feeling disgusted.
331.0	3.0	"I read every single poem like two or three times to try understand it, to find sense, but NO! I think that even If I had read them in my native language, I wouldn't have understood them either. It was not for me. There were a few of them that I manage to undrestand, to feel them, to find sense in them, but that's all.   For the most of the reading I felt like the author ate some ""mushrooms"" and started writing nosense using absurd metaphors, that only she knew what they meant. For me, poems have to speak to the reader in an easy way, without needing a degree in English literature to manage to understand ""what the author wants to say"". :/"
473.0	1.0	Maybe not the best place to start with Hellblazer, I just did not get into it
615.0	2.0	"I found this tedious. It seemed to go on for a very long time, and I'm not sure the argument over who is ""the best"" is something I really want my kids dwelling on."
7.0	3.0	"I guess I'm missing some of the appeal. The cover is terrible, the art is hit and miss page-to-page, and the writing is, at times, dismal. The overall plot is OK, but the individual stories are weak. Like the TV show ""Lost,"" the premise only holds up if the reader believes the characters never talk except when in action. When ""off camera"" they must never discuss anything deeper than the weather and the time of day, or else the entire plot crashes to the ground."
421.0	2.0	"The thirty-five stories in this book are taken from Romanian, Japanese, Serbian, Lithuanian, African, Portuguese, and Russian fairy story traditions. Included are ""The Nine Pea-hens and the Golden Apples,"" ""The Frog,"" ""The Story of Halfman,"" and ""The Boys with the Golden Stars,"" among others.   I found this collection to be boring and weird, but not in the fairy tale way. Too many of them ended strangely where they didn't make sense to the story, and many of the ending left me flat.   ""The Violet Fairy Book,"" published in 1901, is the seventh of twelve collected fairy story books that were researched, translated and compiled by Andrew Lang (1844-1912) and his wife, Leonora Blanche Alleyne Lang, Andrew Lang, a Scotsman, was a literary critic, novelist, poet, and a contributor to the field of anthropology."
266.0	3.0	Such a shame. I had high hopes for this one. I haven't read a mermaid series yet. This cover is beautiful. It started out sad but interesting. Around 40% it just started dragging on. I thought it would never end. Then when I got to the end, the story just stopped. I thought maybe there was an epilogue chapter or something but my Kindle wouldn't go any further. Such a disappointment. The story follows a sad and lonely just-turned-14 girl living with her abusive, alcoholic uncle on the coast off Alaska. After a terrible turn of events, she finds herself being rescued by a mermaid named Catarina and begins living with Catarina's tribe. These mermaids are beautiful but very mean to humans. There are no 'mermen' in this book, but it hints to the possibility in the series. I won't be continuing this series.
56.0	1.0	The 13-year-old me thought this was crap, somehow I don't think I'd changed my mind. Totally predictable, unoriginal.
384.0	2.0	DNF at 10%   Extremely intriguing premise, but subpar execution. Similar to Evil: too much showing, not enough telling. Also, what is this vague sexism against men? All the men I read about were evil bastards who were only out to oppress women. Does Rothman-Hicks not recognize that some men are, in fact, good people?
183.0	2.0	I just couldn't get into this book. I love vampires, but after reading Stephen King's introduction about getting back to the gritty, hardcore, not pretty vampire, I had high expectations of what this horror comic should be, and it just didn't deliver for me.
391.0	3.0	"While I quite enjoyed idly listening to this book, at the end of it I was ultimately unconvinced by the dystopian society Condie has created. The broad brush story of the plot is Cassia, like all young people, is ""matched"" with her future husband at a ceremony by the Society - however when she's looking through the information disc she's been given at home, another young man's face flashes on the screen, sparking Cassia's fascination with him, and the beginning of her doubts about the Society.   I think probably the bit I most enjoyed was how Cassia's uncertainty about the idea of ""matching"" was portrayed, and the fact she had the self awareness to wonder whether she would even be attracted to the other boy if she hadn't seen his face on her disc. However there was so much else about the society of Matched that was unconvincing, particularly the idea that people can read and type, but not physically write and that it's a ""lost art"", because it's a creative process. There's a lot of other ""Huh? But... why?"" moments in Matched which ultimately demoted it to two stars for me - I did wonder about reading the second book to follow Cassia's story, but the poor reviews of that book have made me decide not to bother."
871.0	1.0	Eh..sorta overrated.
200.0	3.0	So for the majority of this book it stood at a solid three stars. The unreliable narration got a little strenuous to keep up with, but I was hoping it would all be worth it when everything came together in the end. Unfortunately, nothing really was resolved by the end of this book, to my extreme frustration. This book is a mystery and had so many interesting elements and clues woven into it, and I was so excited to see how everything would fit together. But in the end nothing was really explained, and the book as a whole wasn't enjoyable enough to make up for it. The writing was elegant, but was not enough to redeem the story.
100.0	2.0	I just don't get the high praises and the 4-5 stars and all. There were so many times I really rolled my eyes so hard I think I would go blind.   I'm really doubting if we're reading the same book!!! But I'll still read the 2nd book tho. I will try to give it a chance.
59.0	1.0	I was not the audience for this book.
494.0	3.0	"https://beahreads.blogspot.com   ""Received an advance reader copy in exchange for a fair review"" - Tks Netgalley   ""The Bad Boy Bargain"" by Kendra C. Highley tells the story of Faith and Kyle. Faith is the typical ""good girl"" who dates the most popular guy at school (even though they have nothing in common) and as they move forward in their relationship, she realizes that Cam (that's the name of her boyfriend) is just a stupid boy who only wants to have sex with her.   So, she decides to break things up with him, but her plans changed completely when she finds out Cam is cheating on her with another girl.   Looking for revenge, Faith goes after a boy that could wreck her reputation, so she could prove to the whole school that she isn't that ""cold hearted girl"" Cam told everyone she was. Lucky for her, Kyle was just outside her house working on her mom's backyard.   Kyle has the reputation of a ""bad boy"" who sleeps with hundreds of girls, steel things, drink and do all kind of things high school boys aren't supposed to be doing.   Faith tells him about her plan, which consisted on both of them pretending to be ""boyfriend and girlfriend"" so she could get back at Cam for cheating on her. And Kyle is all on board with the idea, since he also hated Cam.   As you can see this is just another sweet and funny teenage book. There has been ages since I read one of those and I quite like reading this novel. Highley's writing is easy and fast, the plot was simple and you could read this book in a few days (even hours if you are committed to it).   Even though I enjoy reading this book, I can't deny that some parts of it were a little too ""cliche"" for me and I skip some pages at the end, because it was too predictable (and true be told I couldn't handle more of all this teenage drama, maybe I'm too old for this genre).   Think I could have fallen in love with this book if I were 17/18 years old, because the love story between Faith and Kyle is really sweet and the author brings up some important themes (like bullying and having sex for the first time) that are appealing to teenagers all around the world. So I would definitely recommend this book for younger readers."
894.0	1.0	What the heck. That was hyped up so much. Most pointless book ever?
146.0	3.0	I liked the art, but some of the content was too crude and explicit for me. I liked that the characters were outsiders, but didn't like how unpleasant so many of the characters were.
685.0	2.0	"This reminds me a lot of my journals and songs from about age 15-23. That's in no way saying that Serj is an angsty teen-ager, just that it was probably very satisfying to write it and I'm sure it makes sense to him, but probably not to many others. There's a brilliant comprehensible line here and there, but much of it almost seems like automatic writing with a little bit of word play added. The closest thing I can compare it to is Burroughs. If you enjoy digging through the non-sense to get to the gems of thought, check this out. It makes good bathroom reading. OR if you're into psychedelic drugs it may also make much more sense, until you're down again that is. Long live System of a Down! Keep fighting the ""good"" fight Serj."
396.0	5.0	"I honestly wish I knew what to say about this book. This is my third experience with McGinnis' work so I already knew she's unpredictable. That every book is so different from the other. While A MADNESS SO DISCREET didn't work for me, THE FEMALE OF THE SPECIES did. THIS DARKNESS MINE, however, I just don't know.   ""I was asking about getting abortions in bio. So of course this means I'm pregnant.""   ""Uh, except for the whole you're-a-virgin thing. When they showed us those pics of syphilis in sixth grade they might as well have signed you up for nun school.""   This book is about a perfect girl, the good girl, with a hidden streak of rebelliousness that increases over time. She starts losing moments. And then realizes there's another person living inside her, who is taking ownership of some of her nights; the twin that she never knew existed because she.. absorbed her in the womb. Every piece but her heart.   All imperfections glare in the spotlight.   And there begins this descent into Sasha trying to coexist with a presence that lives in her heart, who leaves commentary on her life in text messages, scrawled words on exam papers, and in tangling with the local bad boy despite Sasha having a boyfriend.   But things get even stranger from there. To the point where it becomes a whole different book. And after you've adjusted to that.. it becomes something else again. It was just too much. Had McGinnis kept to one direction, or even two, this might have worked. Because it's weird and creepy and could've been perfect in it's own dark way. But.. yeah, too much.   ""I can't die--""   ""You're not going to.""   ""-- listening to this music. It's unbearable.""   I'll probably still pick up future releases from this author because it seems every other one I read is a hit for me. And I love her writing. It's compelling, brutal, witty, and twisty. However THIS DARKNESS MINE was just too many of too much.. especially when you're forced to experience it all from a completely unabashedly unsympathetically selfish character.   I've heard girls adopt the cajoling tone to calm down their man, an upward lilt with a flirtatious accent that changes the subject. I say his name like a brick wall. One he can run into and break his damn face on.   It was a wild ride but not one I'll ever want to repeat.   1.75 ""I've had battlements around my feelings for so long I don't know how to react to bare honesty"" stars   ** I received an ARC from Edelweiss and the publisher (thank you!) in exchange for an honest review. **"
893.0	3.0	"I've enjoyed the first five of this series (I'm reading them in order). Determined to figure this one out before Todd reveals the murderer(s?), I took copious notes as to who is who and when and what, etc., with diagrams of interconnecting relationships, etc. This book has about 275 pages of red herrings on top of red herrings and actually lots of fascinating mysteries/questions are opened. I thought I had solved it this time, but alas I was wrong again! That's fine, I've read a lot of Agatha Christie's work and only got one right (Thirteen at Dinner... or was it Third Girl?). Anyway, for me, the problem here is there are just too many loose ends. All this complicated plotting, and 90% or more of it just doesn't come together at all. I have nine pages of notes, with 12 big unanswered questions. That's just sloppy story-telling, almost insulting from the author to readers. This is the weakest in the series, in my opinion. I gave the first one a two-star rating, this one a two-star rating also. I'm a ""three-strikes-you're out"" series reader (Alex Grecian and Sue Grafton come quickly to mind) and although I'll read the seventh in this series, it may be Todd's final at-bat for me. I hope not though, as Inspector Ian Rutledge is one of the most fascinating ""detectives"" I've encountered in the cozy murder mystery genre."
316.0	3.0	My expectations were low, after all this is an inexpensive ebook with a corny 1970's romance cover (despite the fact that the main character is a contemporary teen.) I expected cheese and less than stellar writing. Unfortunately this story has zero characterization, zero character development, and a weak plot. This reads like a long, telling of one person's story of a relationship. Assume you know the person so there is no need for that person to provide descriptions, set a scene, include character insight... I hate giving such negative reviews. But even after reading all two-hundred plus pages, I can't tell you anything about the characters, who they are or why they act the way they do.   I read about halfway, then skimmed through to the end. Had I not bought this I probably wouldn't have even made it that far.
176.0	1.0	The first novel I've bought when I was a young child.
180.0	2.0	Good news, everyone, I still hate this conglomeration. And the character charts are still stupidly necessary for me: Multiversal Avengers, New Avengers, S.H.I.E.L.D. Avengers, the Illuminati, the Cabal, and other players. The sheer mythological heights of this story, including the Alephs, the Builders, the Gardeners, the Mapmakers, the Beyonders, and all the other weird semi-biblical shit just completely lose me.
834.0	4.0	"Admittedly, my knowledge in Egyptian mythology comes from The Mummy Series (dude, Rachel Weisz, yo) and late night documentaries my dad and I would catch on TV. We'd sit through the whole 1 hour documentary, then shut the telly off and have our own animated discussion about it. It was awesome. Still, I wouldn't consider myself on Egyptian myth (really, I know nothing of consequence) but I thought Reawakened would be a great way to brush up on that rusty sandy knowledge. And here's what I think.   If you are going to read Reawakened, read it for the story and the characters and the concept, not for the mythology. I mean it. Many people have had issues with this particular author's researching skills, and sadly, I am one of them. Stuff picked up from Wikipedia is a great way to start your research, but not make a book out of.   Reawakened begins with Lilliana Young, a seventeen year old, richer-than-you-can-imagine, self proclaimed loner who visits the MET to people watch and people sketch. There she finds an ancient Egyptian prince with godlike powers, a mission to accomplish, and only a pleated skirt to his name. Due to a little ""confusion"" regarding his poor organs being locked away in Canopic Jars, (remember Arnold Vosloo going batshit crazy for those in The Mummy?) Amon--our Egyptian Prince--bonds himself with Lilliana (essentially using her life force to sustain himself) until he finds those jars. He stalks, he kidnaps, he is gentle.   Quintessential YA hero, y'all.   Back to Lilliana. Ugh, this woman.   Lilliana Young has got to be one of the most pretentious and irritating MCs I've ever read. And I'm not saying this with any amount of prejudice I might have about the kind of money she has (although I'd love if she didn't remind the reader of that once every chapter). I'm saying she's irritating because this girl has serious mental issues.   She has the whole hot and cold thing going for her. One moment she's tired of Amon for dragging her along on his (mis)adventures. And then she's happy she gets to witness this ancient Prince in his element, doing his thang.   One very important thing I'd like to talk about in this review is Lilliana repeatedly thinking of Amon as ""exotic."" Now, Amon is an Egyptian and I'm not. But one thing we have in common? We're both people of colour. And I'm pretty sure any POC would agree that you cannot call us exotic. Places are exotic. Holiday destinations are exotic. People? Not so much.   And believe me, it just grated on my nerves when the MC kept on calling him that in her mind every chance she got. Exhausting to read. Absolutely pissed me off.   Then of course, there's the entire thing about Lilliana, being an American, saving the entire Egyptian culture. Some feedback to the author? A LOT of trouble would have been saved had the MC just been an Egyptian female.   I admit, Amon fell way short of my expectations. Had I read him in a different book, perhaps, with a different, more tolerable lady love, things might have been different, but as far as this goes, Amon was a disappointment.   Of course to piss me off further, when the Amon-Lilliana angle got interesting, the book ended. The book doesn't end at a cliffhanger and can be read as a standalone, BUT we won't have to because it's definitely a series. A trilogy, if I'm not mistaken. My feels were left hanging, and that just isn't done. Not an issue with the book, per se, but for a book I really wasn't enjoying in the first place, it made it a nightmare.   I reduced my rating of this book because I actually sat to think about it. I enjoyed it while I read it, of course, but as I sat to think about it, things started going downhill. And fast.   Again, read it for the cheap humour that Amon's cluelessness about modern lives provides. The book should have been about the mythology and action but that only comes at the very end, and the book mostly concentrates on Lilliana's obsessive thoughts about the ""exotic"" Egyptian Prince.   Ugh.   For more reviews, visit my blog Rhea's Neon Journal."
766.0	3.0	"For anyone who hadn't seen Veronica Mars, the idea behind this plot would have seemed original and intriguing. I however, have seen Veronica Mars... and loved the show. This book almost seemed plagiarized in it's extreme similarity... the fall from grace of the plucky heroine, her tough private detective dad determined to make ends meet, the old crew of rich friends, the new crew of ne'r do wells, the idea to help dad with cases, the absent mother... Only the names and era have been changed. While there was a mystery here, it was pretty bland and very sad. This makes it sound that the book was awful, but it wasn't. It just wasn't very original. Also, it felt like the author hadn't written a mystery before, as the attempts at ""investigation"" were pretty thin and basically were just sitting and gossiping and laying awake, thinking. Anyways, good for a young girl how thinks she's too good for Nancy Drew, but enjoys a girl sleuth. Good for the author that VM didn't get brought back for a 4th season."
19.0	2.0	"I got through the first two discs of the audio book. Couldn't get into it. Was actually ready to give up earlier but I wasn't the only one in the car. I couldn't reconcile the two different worlds, and something that was clearly going to be a ""twist"" at the end is extremely obvious to the reader.   I do wish Goodreads had a ""didn't finish"" option."
806.0	3.0	I'm not really sure how I felt about this book. I put it down for years, and restarted it 2 or 3 times. I struggled with the format, the sub-chapters were confusing at times, and it was hard to follow. The ending was strange and anti-climatic.   I think the biggest problem is that much like Gone Girl (which it was compared to in some of the reviews) I just didn't really care about any of the characters, so I didn't care what happened.
68.0	2.0	"This was a very ""nice"" book. A little too moralistic for me as an adult, but I bet I would have liked it as a kid. Nice sentiment, but the heroine is just to saccharine for me. I think I liked to think (as a little girl) that I would be this kind, generous creature, but I also really looked up to Pippi Longstocking and other trouble-making heroines, so who knows.. :)"
795.0	1.0	"I do agree we all have a ""bucket"". This was used at my school for 'Have a Heart' week."
453.0	2.0	As a music fan more than a poetry fan, I enjoyed Robbins's discussions of the intersections between the two forms. The chapters exclusively about one form or the other were of less interest. I reviewed Equipment for Living for The Current.
231.0	4.0	"The only good part of this book was the ending...   First off, the last few chapters were literally the only part that felt like a real story. Everything else leading up till to that point felt weak and stale. I wanted to care for the people, but the characters just didn't have much flavor or depth.   Secondly, the end of the book was the end. I could read the next book but I'll be removing it from my ""To read"" list instead.   I had such high hopes for this book, and the idea seemed great. But the execution of it was just not my cup of tea..."
616.0	1.0	Wow! talk about draging... and dragging...not sure if I can do the next one.
53.0	1.0	Pretty lame ... I hope the other volumes get better.
246.0	3.0	When reviewing a book I understand that grammer is important but I feel the story is the most important part of any book. If the author pulls me into the story then all the mispellings in the world won't make a difference to me. I love to read and I love to read a good story but this was not one that made my list. I was confused during most of my time reading this book but some parts were realistic reactions to situations that were difficult. Hopefully the next book, if there is one, will be better.
913.0	4.0	Not long ago I entered a contest on Twitter, asking entrants to detail a mischievous act. I told about the time I filled the fountain in front of city hall with laundry soap and red food coloring so it was pink and bubbly the next day. Ah, high school.   Anyway, I won the contest and the prize was a super fun promo pack for T.R. Burns's THE MERITS OF MISCHIEF: THE BAD APPLE. Here's the blurb:   Quirky and irreverent new middle-grade series about a group of kids being trained to cause trouble!   For all of his 12 years, Seamus Hinkle has stayed out of trouble, but on one fateful afternoon in the Cloudview Middle School cafeteria, Seamus accidentally does the unthinkable--a substitute teacher is dead, and Seamus is to blame. Unable to return to Cloudview, Seamus' parents take him to the most infamous of reform schools: Kilter Academy. But when Seamus' parents drive off, headmistress Annika Kilter shows her true colors: she's not interested in reforming delinquents, but quite the opposite--the mission of Kilter Academy is to foster troublemaking, and she's decided Seamus is her star pupil! Together with his new mischief-making friends, Seamus lives every young boy's dream of getting points for getting in trouble! But soon Seamus discovers that Kilter Academy may have more plans in store for its students than just turning out troublemakers...   I read this book in a day. It's pretty short, just under 60,000 words with a reading level of grade 4. I can see what Burns is setting up here, and there is great potential in this series, but this book felt a bit like a very long prologue. The main problem, for me, is that Seamus's GOAL was never articulated. The goal of punking all the teachers one by one just didn't really grab me. Because of the nature of the school this is kind of like setting a protagonist in a typical school story the goal of getting good grades. It's such a shame, because there is so much potential mayhem in this premise, but it was never exploited.   So much is left unexplained. Why does this school exist? What possible purpose could these mischief makers serve? Is there some nefarious secret? WHO is the antagonist? There doesn't seem to be one. All we have a are a bunch of kids at school doing their assignments. Yes, the assignments are funny (in principle) but in reality how these pranks play out are much less funny and entertaining than my bubbles in the fountain. For example, when Seamus pranks one of his teachers all he needs to do is whistle at him from a hidden place in the washroom. Huh? How is that exciting?   This premise needed to be thought out more completely. T. R. Burns is apparently an accomplished author (whose true identity is secret) and this is certainly well written. And, as I said, the premise is great. Where it falls down is characters and plot. There's just not enough to go on.   The next book in this series comes out next year and hopefully it will more completely exploit this premise. As it is THE BAD APPLE just doesn't cut it. Not yet.
709.0	1.0	2,5   Mixed feelings. Some cool poems, some so-so ones and some pretty lame ones.
814.0	2.0	Sylvia Plath/Bell Jar references throughout
23.0	4.0	I downloaded this book for free for my Sony e-reader.   This book started out great, with a lot of promise. Rachel Crawford is a reporter about to go on the air with possibly the biggest news story of her career when a gun-wielding maniac breaks into the studio with plans to execute her on air. The tragedy leads her grieving husband to sue MD Firearms, a gun maker who kept selling guns to a retailer even though the company knew the store often sold guns illegally.   After the first chapter, there is very little action. Opposing councils Jason and Kelly spend most of their time building their cases, when they're not bickering. A blackmailer threatens both of them with things they'd thought buried in their past, but instead of going to the authorities, they both go along with the blackmailer's commands until the very end, in which there's another action scene. First you have to wade through all the boring courtroom drama though.   I had no idea that this author is also a Christian author when I started reading this book, and honestly while there's not many religious references in this book, there were enough to annoy me. They didn't really seem to have any place in the story, and the characters used their religion as a way to easily forgive everyone by the end of the story which was a little hard to swallow.   Overall, I just found the book incredibly boring. The beginning was great, the ending was okay, but the middle just dragged on and on.
336.0	2.0	2nd book of a trilogy. The first one was good. The story continues but ends up becoming so convoluted that it diminished my enjoyment.   I stuck it out though because sometimes you have to get to a certain point for it to start to make sense. In my opinion, this didn't happen.
570.0	1.0	Nah. Read for Colon's class 2012
811.0	1.0	A bunch of short stories collected together. Some of these were cute, but they lack the depth that made the TV series so great.
481.0	2.0	I had wanted to read this one so BADly since the first volume (Bad Taste in Boys) had been so much silly fun. But unfortunately the sequel (so expensive that I postponed buying it again and again) turned out to be just silly and boring and not fun at all. *sigh*
113.0	2.0	"The best word to describe this book is ""meh"". I found the story mildly interesting but not as great as the blurb on the jacket led me to believe. It was adequate entertainment but overall a waste of my listening time. Not something I would recommend either unless you are desperate for some sort of thriller."
168.0	3.0	I found the first Ensign Sue book to be a charming takeoff of a familiar trope in the world of fanfic (one I encountered more in Lord of the Rings since I never read much Trek fic.) But the second volume goes full throttle into a weird cameo land, to the point where I just didn't care too much.   Yeah, I know, complaining about the story integrity in a 36-page parody comic. But I was invested in the first volume, while here...   The premise is simple. The Doctor stops by the Enterprise and says that Ensign Sue had actually been an anomaly that could destabilize all of the everything. So Spock and Kirk join him in a dimension-hopping search for a variety of different types of Sues. Given room to breathe I think it could have been engaging, but it just moves so fast that it feels like a weird lineup of Sue tropes and popular fandoms.   I guess it may just be middle-book syndrome?
762.0	2.0	"My six-year-old and I have read the entire color fairy series. She adores them, so maybe I should give them more than two stars. They're incredibly similar to each other. Even my daughter asked, ""Mom! Why do they say that in EVERY book?!?"" about Jack Frost's motives. They're pretty mediocre -- and so far very non-multicultural."
362.0	1.0	I still dont understand why i started to read this book after the Iliad and why i finished it. After 80 percent of the story i finally knew what was it about, but still i wouldn't recommend it to everyone, just for classic souls.
697.0	2.0	To be used with Purple, Yellow, Green   Interesting book artistically. My son liked picking out each shade in each photo.
730.0	4.0	"All the elements you'd expect from a good Indiana Jones story are present in The Fate of Atlantis, but that doesn't mean the Dark Horse graphic novel (originally a mini-series) is actually good.   In fact, it is pretty awful.   But before I talk about how awful The Fate of Atlantis is, here's what an Indy story needs:   1. Indy searching for a dangerous artifact surrounded by a mysterious and powerful myth. Check.   2. Indy hopping from continent to continent. Check.   3. Indy running around with a beautiful girl in tow. Check.   4. Indy racing against Nazis or some other anti-""free world"" bogey-enemy. Check.   5. Indy getting shot and/or knifed and/or thoroughly pummeled. Check.   6. Indy moving from one chase sequence to another, one action sequence to another. Check.   7. Indy always keeping his hat on. Check.   If nothing else, The Fate of Atlantis scores in each and every category. What a shame that these elements aren't executed better. I'll get to how they're not in a minute, but first I need to talk about the character of Indiana Jones.   You see, the crew at Dark Horse comics (undoubtedly green lit by the ever questionable George Lucas) never captured the spirit of Indy. Sure he does all the things he's supposed to do, but he never does them right. His playfulness is forced, his relationship with Sophia (his psychic link to Atlantis) is as convincing as Richard M. Nixon's ""I'm not a crook"" speech, and his dialogue has more in common with the worst of Mike Hammer than with the Indiana Jones of film (he repeatedly says, ""Eureka,"" and I can guarantee he's never said ""Eureka"" anywhere in any film). When Indy isn't Indy, and he sure isn't Indy in The Fate of Atlantis, the adventure is in serious trouble.   And that trouble is compounded by nearly every classic ingredient that should have made the story a winner.   Atlantis and its supply of orichalcum, a sort of Greek God plutonium, is too silly, too ""made up,"" to sustain the story. Indy's travels from continent to continent are a bit of a joke, driven more by obligation than the requirements of the story. Sophia is intended as a wacky Katherine Hepburn-style ""girl Friday,"" but her execution is more like Whoopie Goldberg in Ghost. The Nazis of The Fate of Atlantis are even less frightening than the Nazis in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. The action sequences, beyond their natural and acceptable diminishment from screen to page, are so uninspired that Indy gets shot in the shoulder...by a Nazi...again.   Yep, The Fate of Atlantis is crap, and even the art is boring.   So why two stars? Well...I am a sucker for Indiana Jones (even bad Indiana Jones), and I read it with my son. He thought it was pretty damn cool, so that's enough to make me think it was okay. But only just."
543.0	2.0	"This book reminds me of the movie ""Deadly Visions"" made in 2003:   A woman (Nicolette Sheridan) who underwent an eye transplant is haunted by visions of her donor's last moments of life, and she is convinced that the woman was murdered.   Anyway maybe the movie copied this book. It's about a girl who is blind and needs an eye transplant to see. she ended up getting her transplants from a psychic and now she can see murders before they happen. The ending was dumb because I wanted the killer to be someone else but it ended up being a twisted ending."
25.0	2.0	this was a recommendation from my 6 year old and I so wanted to love it (and will lie through my teeth and say I did) but it was just dire. come back beast quest - all is forgiven.....
289.0	2.0	I had to   force   myself to finish this. I was hoping that DC's main titles were better.
197.0	4.0	"I've now read (one, two) three poetry collections from poets who originally posted their writing on tumblr. I'm probably never doing it again. I'm generalizing right now, but these three collections have many of the same flaws. And they seem to be written for an ""internet culture"" if I may call it that. A culture where poetry is posted so it can be quickly read and reblogged or otherwise shared, it's made to resonate with as many people as possible, as quickly as possible, which means the quality suffers. They're poems made for quick, easy, shallow consumption.   I'd love to read a good poetry collection from a tumblr/blogger poet. If you ever find one, let me know.   I expected more from this than I did 'Home' because I recall liking Ashe Vernons poetry whenever I came across it online. Turns out I've either been lucky with the poems I've read (or I've been the kind of reader I described above, someone who quickly read it, thought it sounded okay and never thought about it again) or it's that I can enjoy her poems when I read them on their own, but as soon as they show up next to each other it becomes apparent they don't quite work.   Mostly what's lacking is clarity or unity in imagery. I'm not saying to use only one image in a given poem, but do not, as Vernon does, stack them on top of each other endlessly. Each line seems to present a new form of abstract imagery until I couldn't picture it in my head at all. I had to give up understanding what was going on in nearly every poem because they were too much. Sometimes the images made sense, more often they didn't.   Every sentence seemed to be written with the thought that it could be taken out of context and exist as a poem on its own. There seemed to be a focus on making every line memorable and hard-hitting, which meant no lines ended up being either of those things. I simply had no idea what the hell was going on in each poem, I had no idea what they were trying to get at or even what emotion or experience they were trying to convey. My number one feeling in reading this collection was confusion, the second was frustration. In fact I got so exhausted trying to understand anything that I just skimmed the last third of the book.   I struggle to recall a single poem that stood out to me, that I remember. I can think of only one, and even that I don't remember in full, but it's her father, and it very nearly works. It has lines like this:   ""We found you cold, Dad.   You were one room over - ten feet away,   Dead while I was sleeping,""   That's an extremely specific image, there's nothing flowery about it, and that's what makes it work. I see it very clearly in my head, and I'm heartbroken by it.   The rest of the poem is ruined somewhat by lines like this,   ""EMTs stormed the house   Like a disaster response team -   Covered the place, like cleanup from a hurricane -   Nobody told them you took the hurricane with you when you stopped breathing.""   Which I think would have worked beautifully if Vernon had stuck to the tangible and not gone into hurricane metaphors and imagery, because it takes from the immediacy, it removes it from what I can picture in my head - and the real, physical image of a house covered in EMTs is enough. It hits hard as it is.   I remember little from this book. All the poems bled together in a torrent of images upon images that constantly replaced each other and never really made an impact. I wish for clarity, more tangible images, even if they may seem boring or ordinary, because they help the hard-hitting, abstract images stand out and fully impact the reader. Otherwise you end up, like here, with a book of pretty sentences, that sometimes make sense, but get tiring after a very short while, because they don't add to a full picture.   Less is more, in this case."
11.0	4.0	I want to say, right up front, that I hadn't planned to read this book because those of us who read the entire Twilight Saga already know that things don't turn out well for Bree Tanner. She played a very, very minor role in the book, Eclipse - I don't even think she appeared in more than 2 pages - so, why read something about a character I cared very little about and already knew the outcome of?   The first 50 pages seemed rather ho-hum to me, and I've decided that's because I began this book dreading the outcome. Once I wrapped my mind around reading this for the story as it related to Victoria's army of newborn vampires, I couldn't put it down. I'm not going to go into the plot, because frankly, if you've read Eclipse you won't need details, and if you haven't read Eclipse, you'll not understand what the point of this book is, and it would take way too long to explain.   What stands out most to me about Bree's story is how all of the newborns were manipulated. It made me think of charismatic leaders around the world -- political, religious, corporate or yes, even vampire -- and how much influence they have over the people who are dependent on them, because if you can convince someone or some group that they need you, that you're only looking out for their best interest and that life without you as their leader would be filled with pain and anguish, possibly even death... you'd have absolute control over them.   Such was the case with the newborn vampires, and when looking at them in this light - as people violently torn from humanity and forced into a new way of life which they nothing about - were literally newborns and dependent on someone else for their survival. I started wondering about the families who are missing them, what kind of people they would have been had they lived out their human lives. So what started out as an excited hype for me left me with a disappointment.
988.0	3.0	admittedly, I know nothing about ponies, but a pony dying from eating 3-5 extra apples three days in a row? seems kind of extreme. I like that the girls reached out to cindy rather than alienating her, which they have a tendency to do in the few books that I have read in this series. I also like the theme of hard work and persistence.
628.0	3.0	"Don't be fooled by the two star rating. On Goodreads a 2-star rating = ""it was ok."" and it was ok. I can not emphasize the poor endings enough. This one ended ""I laid the biggest egg you ever saw!"" Now, Dana was walking with his friend Brandy. So, where exactly did he lay that egg and how? Did his pants fall off? It was just a gross and weird ending. Yes I did say Dana is a he. I got confused easily when other characters were introduced. All had girly names. There's only one male Dana I know and that's Dana White of the UFC. Anyways the story itself is not at all that exciting. Nothing that much scary. The Doctor was more stupid than ""evil"" ""The Egg monsters"" aren't really that exciting, but super disgusting based on cover photo. Meh, I've ate more disgusting looking things at hospitals!"
233.0	3.0	The art is nice enough, but heavy-handed satire, especially anti-christian satire, gets really old for me really fast. We get it, you're not a christian. It seems an especially juvenile approach after reading Kevin Huizenga's really fascinating piece involving christian/non-christian interaction in Curses.
734.0	3.0	Skim read to finish.   The book started okay, and quickly the characters started to get on my nerves. The main characters (Jill and Mandy) both had their own ways of annoying me.   Jill being the typical moody teenager and thinking everything is about her, reminds me of people I went to school with. And Mandy is the teenager that gets overly clingy and lies about everything to the people she cares about because she sees those people as not caring for her.   Overall, these characters are the typical whiny teens that the world sees everyday. To me, this story isn't new, it has been told before (maybe not the same circumstances).
655.0	1.0	I read this book on my kindle, and I'm an old lady, with vision problems. The lettering was very small, and hard for me to read, with out using a magnifier. I did like the theme, that the best gift was being with those you love.
242.0	5.0	"EDIT 7/8: My rating is dropping down, unfortunately, after a half-hearted attempt at rereading in which I realized there truly is nothing that warrants a 2nd star. Please don't hate me, my dear Goodreaders. My original review is below.   ------   ""CARAVAL Review: Attempt #1""   *spotlight shines*   *stage quiets down*   *recording begins*   Nina: Okay, so I finished this book feeling very very conflicted, and I just.. I might be confused and- Wait, wait, can we do this again? Sorry. I forgot my lines.   CARAVAL Review: Attempt #2   *recording begins again*   Nina: Uhm. [sweats nervously] While this may just be a case of It's not you, dear book; it's me and my pickiness and the hype.. And speaking of that hype, oh dear god, that hype! The HYPE. THAT HYPE INFURIATED ME AND MADE ME WANT TO THROW THIS BOOK INTO HELL ITSELF AND I AM FEELING SO @$&/!&$&@/9/askfjrndn-   Director: CUT!   Director: [whispers] Control yourself, Nina, this is being broadcasted LIVE.   CARAVAL Review: Attempt #3""   Alright guys, let's begin this review for real and in all seriousness once again, yes? Yes.   Let's see what we have here.. *sorts through papers* Ah yes. CARAVAL.   *rubs forehead to dispel headache*   My experience with this much-beloved book is.. interesting, for sure.   Alright, a little background info. I've been seeing this book making noise in the blogosphere and elsewhere around.. gosh, around the middle of 2016?? Maybe?? Seems about right. And that synopsis was so interesting, so gripping, that I promised myself I'd buy this sure-to-be glorious book the second it came out. Or, better yet, how about I try and request an ARC?   Thing is, I may have, ah, forgotten about the whole requesting-ARC-thing toward the end of the year (I blame CROOKED KINDGOM's release for that), and by the time my easily-distracted brain remembered, it had become so difficult and exhausting to request to read this book early, the publishers denied me, and people who had one were looking for nothing short of the ARCs of the Quran and Bible in exchange for it.   It felt like trying to stand in line to buy something on Black Friday.   And so, long story short, my expectations, as a result, shot up as high as as high as Burj Khalifa or that even higher building that Dubai announced it was going to build [please excuse my architectural analogies, but my major is, after all, architecture, and my recent research assignment is still swirling through my head as we speak]. I felt that, for sure, CARAVAL was going to blow my mind away. It was supposed to, wasn't it? That's the point, surely, thought I.   Wise Self: Oh Nina, have you learned nothing about hyped books?   No, wise self. I have not. And for that, I apologize.   But anyways. Let's proceed.   The setting was nothing new. The characters were as flat as.. what's flat? A pancake? Yeah, the characters were as flat as a pancake, and as unlikable as a pancake without syrup. The plot is recycled. But at least the cover is pretty. #StayPositive   Let me explain some more, if you please. Although, on the outset, CARAVAL's setting seems magical and whimsical and Alice-In-Wonderland-y, upon closer inspection, the world-building really has no solid ground to it. And this saddens me. Why? Because if you asked me to describe this world to you, I would only say ""it's glittery and pretty"". Nothing more, nothing less.   Because, really, let's look at this closely:   *What's their currency? They pay by confessing desires and fears and secrets. Okay, that's cool. But if I told the seller that I really wanted a pony when I was 6 and that I am afraid of a large TBR, then how, exactly, does the vendor benefit? How do they make a living? Do they use this information for bribery or..what? See? I've got nothing. Someone explain this to me. Please.   *People in CARAVAL are either Players or Watchers. Alrighty, that's fabulous. But the Players are running around looking for clues in the city, sleeping in their inn's rooms, drinking at taverns. So the Watchers.. what? Stare at the Players while they sleep? Watch them go shopping and maaAAaaybe catch a clue? How, exactly, can you ""watch"" something if it isn't on a stage?   Nothing is explained, so nothing makes sense. All I think is: Why. Why. Whyyyyyy.   Now, onto characters.   *Scarlett irritated me, big time. She's either too sure of herself, or doubts every thought she has. She is WAY to obsessed with every male she meets. And I find it a little insulting [my use of ""little"" translated to ""ALOT"" in this case, mind you], that whenever Julian would leave her side, she would panic. So I take that to mean that she can't do anything right or have confidence in herself unless her darling love interest is beside her? Because if so, that is downright pathetic.   *Julian, too, was made of too many tropes and not enough substance. He's Ultra-Handsome-With-A-Secret(tm), and he thinks the MC is ""different"". Oh, and he tries hard to convince her that he's a bad person and that she should stay away from him, but HAHAHAHA that doesn't happen. How shocking. (Not.)   And oh! How could I forget to talk about the writing style? As you may have heard, Stephanie uses synesthesia (switching up the senses; i.e. Orange noise; feathery voice; etc and so forth). And she uses synesthesia GENEROUSLY. Meaning, take out this particular technique, and CARAVAL would be a pamphlet.   Now. If you've read any single one of my reviews beforehand, you'd surely notice that, out of every aspect in a novel, it's the writing style that I judge the hardest. Not pacing, or characters, or setting. And why? Because, the way I see it, your writing style makes or breaks your book. There's just no other way around this.   In regards to writing style, I love stylized sentences, I do. My only objection, though, is not to go anywhere near purple prose. Although, as a style, I love love love synesthesia (it's also one of the many reasons why I love Marie Rutkoski's writing), Garber used it too much. The pages are saturated with it, and, as a result, her descriptions turn from interesting to downright nonsensical due to the overuse of synesthesia as a method of describing.. well, EVERYTHING.   What do you mean, Nina? you ask.   This. THIS is what I mean:   ""Brownish green, the color of forgotten memories, abandoned dreams, and bitter gossip""   I just.. I can't even... WHAT?!   ""Aiko beckoned Scarlett onto a street lined with hanging lanterns, smelling of flowers and flutes and long-lost love"".   The smell of flowers I get, but how, exactly, does a flute smell like? Wood? Metal? And if so, then how, exactly, is that appealing?   *bangs head against wall*   And don't even get me started on how love smells, though I suppose it makes more sense that smelling like flutes.   I really dont know what else to say, though. The only reason this isn't a 1 star is because the twists were entertaining enough, I guess.   But overall? CARAVAL angered me, quite a bit.   Quite A LOT, actually.   But oddly enough, I WILL be reading Book 2. Why, I have no idea."
276.0	3.0	"I had no trouble reading The Burning World, but it was such a different story from Warm Bodies. Warm Bodies was funny, and fun, and sweet. The Burning World was dark, and serious, and somewhat confusing. With Warm Bodies, I thought the premise of a ""zombie love story"" was fresh. The Burning World is just another zombie story."
77.0	2.0	This was okay. I was hoping for something a little more substantial from a National Book Award winner.
916.0	1.0	Despite all of the positive reviews for the book and author, I found this to be dark and disturbing.
698.0	2.0	an immature book I had to read for school... I'm in high school, and I honestly think this book was written for kids between the ages of nine and twelve, so that may be why I hated it. The vocabulary was ridiculously easy, and the way the author described the main characters' thoughts seemed a bit forced.
444.0	1.0	Graphic novel - super-light, fun mystery. Enjoyable but light. I prefer her Stephanie Plum series.
594.0	1.0	Not a fan of the illustrations
67.0	3.0	I won this graphic novel in a goodreads drawing.   I've read some of Kirkman's stuff before, and liked it. I don't read all that many comics anymore, so I was completely unfamiliar with this.   This is the second volume. I never read the first. It took me several pages to figure out what was happening. Nothing much happens in this second volume, IMHO.   The art is fine, but I prefer a more 70's style of art for horror comics.
89.0	3.0	I wish I could say that I enjoyed this book. I did slog through most of it, but ended up skimming the last 30%. I didn't enjoy the author's style, the characters and I had a hard time actually deciding what the plot was. I'm happy this one is over.   Thank you First2Read for the galley in exchange for an honest review.
393.0	2.0	I read this as an assignment for a Christian homeschooling academy in which I was enrolled. I was, thankfully, removed from that particular educational program a year later.   As with the other Mr. Pipes book I was forced to read, this book was a dreadful piece of crap (the academy sure didn't like it when I said that during a book review). The dialogue was moronic; the situations were moronic; and the life lessons I was supposed to be learning were lost because I was so unbelievably bored.   I'd have all me teeth removed with a hammer before reading another Mr. Pipes book. Douglas Bond, be ashamed of the creation you brought into this world.
154.0	2.0	this is the forest primeval/the murmuring pines and the hemlock.
673.0	4.0	2.5 stars   First, I'd like to take a second and thank the author for sending me a copy of her book in exchange for an honest review.   As you can see, this wasn't a 5 star book for me. That doesn't mean it was terrible, I just didn't connect with it.   Here's why:   The varying subjects and styles of poetry were very interesting, however at times that variance came at the expense of the flow and cohesion of the book as a whole. I also felt that the organization could have been better. It felt like the topic jumped from one idea to the next, then back two ideas ago, rather than following a linear or logical pattern.   Although I liked some of the poems on their own, like Skills, most just didn't dig into my heart or soul like other poetry I've read. In fact, a few of the poems, particularly the more explicitly sexual ones, made me uncomfortable. They felt out of place among the other poems as well. Maybe the deeper meaning went over my head, but I just didn't connect with this as much as I would have liked.   Lastly, I realize that it was just a chapbook, but the length didn't feel like a plus to me. If there had been more poems, it might have been easier to organize the poems and create more coherence among them.   Just because Put Me Down, I'm Terrible wasn't for me, doesn't mean it won't be your next favorite. If you enjoy modern and free-verse poetry, definitely give this a try!
417.0	4.0	2.5 stars   Let me start off by saying, I understand why I see at least one or two teenage girls come to excitedly buy this book whenever I am at work. I'm glad these teenage girls are rushing to buy this for the sole reason that I feel like most of its messages (NOT all) are very important for a young woman trying to develop a sense of self worth and outward kindness and understanding for their fellow woman,to hear. These poems overflow with feminism and I appreciate that greatly. I want more text that passionately advocates a woman be wholly herself, for herself and considers other women sisters who should be supported. I LOVE that.   But as a book of poetry, I did not love THIS. Something about today's modern poetry, at least what I've been exposed to and what I see selling at the bookstore I work at, just does. not. do it for me. At all. It's less poetry, more random streams of consciousness. Facebook posts, tumblr posts, tweets in 160 characters or less. I'm not saying poetry has to be any type of way. That's silly. Yet, something just feels lacking and disingenuous for me to call this *poetry*.   There were a few I quite liked, but they were so few amongst so many that I absolutely didn't enjoy at all, on a personal level. I like poetry that makes me think. That makes me read and reread, whisper in my head and then read out loud. Poems that make me stop and trace the words on the page. I don't like poetry that become a finish line goal to see how quickly I can make it to the end. That's how I was with this book. I just wanted to make it to the end.   I hoped I would like this book and prove myself to be less snotty about it as I feared I would be, but alas, here I am. Accepting myself as the snotty lady I am.
299.0	2.0	Full review at melissaljennings.com   The collection needs revising in certain areas. Krell's book would have benefitted from an editor.
726.0	2.0	Notice how it says animation by Eric Drooker. That's because it's not really a graphic novel. Just screencaps of animations from James Franco's biopic movie. So yeah. It's just a poor attempt at tie-in merchandise. Just doesn't work.
199.0	5.0	"Gus, Jepperd, and co. leave Evergreen for good and head to Alaska where they find out the cause of the Plague that wiped out humanity. The Militia catch up with them and a desperate final battle takes place.   That's about it for this book. The big reveal behind what caused the Plague which we found out about in Book 5 isn't built upon in this book so there's no larger mystery unearthed for readers in this book. That disappointing explanation in Book 5 is it. Jeff Lemire even has Jepperd tell Gus something like ""it's not about what happened, but about what happens now"". So he's saying not to worry about the past and how things got to this point - even though that's been the motivation for these characters for so long!! It's such a cop out.   Most of the book is Jepperd (who's essentially Frank Castle, that's how original his character is) and a few other dudes preparing their final stand against the insane militia hunting them down. Lots of fighting ensues with the end as predictable as ever - what do you think, do the bad guys win or lose? Exactly. And let's talk about these militia: they're looking for a cure to the plague and they're doing this by exterminating every hybrid they come across. How do these two goals correlate in any way? Nonsense.   So with the big battle over and done with and the cause of the plague revealed (several issues ago in the last volume but whatever, we get a redux in this book), all of which takes up the bulk of the book, what happens next? Think the end of Return of the Jedi. Yeah. The story jumps ahead a couple decades as we catch up with Gus and what happens for the hybrids and humanity next. The upshot of it that made no sense to me was that with humanity alive, there will always be pain, suffering, war, etc. Which kind of makes sense because the hybrids in this series have been gentle, kind, and hunted unjustly. Except Lemire drops the ball again by making the hybrids as bad as the humans. And then when the humans are gone and it's just the hybrids, war, hatred, all that bad stuff is magically gone. WTF?! Kumbaya...   And what about Dr Singh, the Dr Mengele of the series? His experiments on hybrids, his long-term religious insanity, is all forgiven in the blink of an eye and he suddenly becomes one of the most valued members of Gus' group. Whaaaaaaaaaat? So all that evil stuff he got up to is forgotten? His insanity is suddenly cured? Gee, that's awfully convenient!   The ending itself, which I won't spoil here, ties everything up in a nice, tidy bow. It's too neat, too pat. It's the equivalent of ""and they all lived happily ever after..."". BARF! And as if to further underline the overly-sentimental tone of the story, Lemire resorts to repetition in the script. The last chapter has Lemire repeat ""This is (fill in the blank)"" over and over, eg. ""This is a story about a man and a boy"", ""This is a story about survivors"", ""This is a story about forgiveness"", until the last pages which repeats ""This is a story"" over and over and over again. It's so badly written, it reads like a high school kid writing what he thinks is ""deep"" poetry!   But if the writing is lacklustre and uninspired, the art more than makes up for it. Lemire draws nearly the entire book in his wonderful signature style that's fitting for the final book in his series. The excellent Nate Powell joins him to draw a few pages of Doug, the militia leader's, history, adding his brilliant art style to the mix - it makes me wish he'd drawn the Matt Kindt-illustrated sequence in the last book. The art is the best part of the book but unfortunately can't save it.   Sweet Tooth started off quite well back with the first couple of volumes but it's been increasingly shaky these last few books until the wheels fell off the bus with Volume 5 and the wreck crashed with Volume 6. Maybe it's Lemire's workload that's caused this series to lose its vitality and spark of originality? After all, when he started in 2009, he wasn't that well known to those who don't read indie comics. Today, he's been the writer of Animal Man, Frankenstein, Constantine, Justice League Dark, Trinity War and a whole slew of other projects for DC, all of varying quality. With so much going on, it's understandable that his other projects would suffer, like Sweet Tooth did.   Maybe it's because he originally planned the series to be 20-30 issues and it wound up being 40, that the series has had so many ups and downs as Lemire stretches a far shorter story into a longer one?   Whatever the reason for the dip in quality these last couple of books, the series went from promising and original to downright miserable and boring. The ""tragic"" angle of the story became almost a parody of what tragedy is as every single page became a tribute to the dark side of human nature in an almost unrelenting tattoo of depression. Gus and Jepperd's journey became disjointed and then dull, culminating in a predictable and forced conclusion that wasn't convincing. Riddled with cliches, little or no original characterisation, and poorly written, the series has been disappointing and unsatisfying. Lemire's best work remains Essex County, the book he wrote/drew before he got involved with Vertigo/DC."
510.0	2.0	What an odd little book. It is more of an essay about all of George Orwell's poetry that also happens to include all his poetry, rather than being just a collection of poetry. The editors were brave in trying to collect this material, introduce it, and advocate Orwell's poetry as serious work - and they really do make it sound really interesting and impressive. It's just a shame they also include the poems themselves, because Orwell was not a good poet. At all. He could write a decent tune and wasn't a bad lyricist, but that is not the same thing as being a good poet.
39.0	1.0	This book had some very nice pictures, but I was hoping for a little more information.
206.0	2.0	"Here's my interpretation of this book : ""zzzzzzzzzzz, yawn..then..Exciting, amazing, mind-boggling crimes and murders.....zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz yawn, more exciting murders and flashbacks to earlier mentioned crimes....zzzzzzzzzz yawn, one or two murders from earlier wrapped up....and the big finish : zzzzzzzzzzzzz"
530.0	3.0	"Honestly, this book was so frustrating.   I feel like this series overall may just be too immature for me, but I'll probably still end up reading The One.   Anyway, my main problem was with America's indecision. One chapter she was certain she would choose Maxon. Literally the next chapter she's all ""Aspen is the safer option, I'm gonna be with him."" This is pretty much the entirety of the book. Make a decision and be done with it, please.   Secondly, the world-building in this series seems to be really lacking. It was easier to ignore in the first book, because I was more invested in the romance. But in this book I expected the conflict to be fleshed out more. Granted, we got a bit more of the history in this book. But it was just not enough.   All in all, this book was not as enjoyable as the first, which was disappointing."
943.0	4.0	I've only just realised that this book is kind of a 'thing', in a 'comics can be serious graphic novels' 1990's way. However I don't think it has aged that well. Stylistically it feels generic, unsurprising given Talbot's background in comics-comics. I know he wanted it to read easily to a non-comics audience but it's bogged down by some, how can I say, visual *dullness* for that. And to me the story doesn't ring quite true, not that the details or the psychology of the main character is not plausible, but it doesn't seem to have any particular aspects to it that really ... I don't know, convince? The abuse storyline feels tacked-on, even though it's the centre of the story. Maybe I don't mean tacked-on, maybe I mean arbitrary. Or like, Talbot was looking for some content, some meat, he didn't have something he wanted to say, or the (visual) confidence to say something small, he felt he had to have a big real TOPIC to justify his departure from genre. Is that harsh? I don't know, I just felt like Helen was a cipher and I almost can't imagine anyone connecting so deeply with Beatrix Potter on a personal level in the way Helen is supposed to here, I think the metaphor is a stretch. This feels a bit YA or something. Perhaps my expectations in general are too high - I often have this problem with graphic novels. I want everything to be Maus. And for someone who was so obsessed with Archie comics as a young 'un, I'm weirdly put off by any artwork that looks too generically comics-y. Although I like a clean European TinTin style, that's OK with me. Alison Bechdel has that down. Anyway, this felt a bit like a pulpy YA novel but I guess it's of its time.
446.0	1.0	I don't know how to rate this yet. I both loved and hated it. I need more time to process and organize my thoughts. Right now I am just emotionally drained!
482.0	4.0	I've read a couple books by Irene Hannon and found them to be a good blend of suspense, romance, and faith. I was expecting to enjoy Trapped just as much, but found it a little underwhelming.   Let's start with the suspense angle. There wasn't much. I felt like the whole book was pretty predictable. There was one thing that surprised me and it wasn't that much of a surprise. The pace was slow and there really wasn't a whole lot going on for most of the book. However, the last few chapters ratcheted up the action and made it enjoyable.   I would've liked to see the secondary characters developed a little more. Darcy, the teenage runaway/kidnap victim, wasn't much more than a cliche. Dev's PI partners, Cal and Connor, were both likable, but rarely seen. Since this is the second book in the Private Justice series, I gathered the first book was about Cal, so readers should've been already acquainted with him. The next book in the series I would assume will be about Connor, so he'll be more fully developed in that book. My biggest complaint about this type of series - where each book is focused on a different character - is that it seems like an excuse to only develop one set of characters at a time. And then when you like those characters, they're pushed to the background in the next book and almost forgotten. This complaint is one for the genre, though, and not just this particular book.   The faith of the characters in the story sets it apart from your normal romantic suspense. Hannon does a pretty good job of letting Laura's faith define her character and it never seems like it's a reach when she prays or talks about God. However, it seems to be a much less central theme in the story than the other books I've read by Hannon and I would've liked to see more of Darcy and Dev's spiritual growth.   Overall, this book was just ok for me. It moved much too slow for me to be suspenseful and it felt like it was way too long. Fans of Hannon may still find it enjoyable, but I would direct readers unfamiliar with her work to pick up Fatal Judgment or Against All Odds.   To see my whole review go to: http://stephaniesbookreviews.wordpres...
525.0	1.0	Not very impressed :(
768.0	3.0	All the Little Liars by Charlaine Harris.   This was my 2nd try at possibly enjoying this book since I had been a fan of 3 series by this author. But it was not for me. I found the characters shallow and the relationships superficial. No depth or quality to the writing itself. She chose, in my opinion, to have little if any depth to the environment.   I have found that the authors I most enjoy seem to enjoy their own characters. This adds life and depth to every aspect of their lives, that includes relationships as well living and working environments. This author meets none of those characteristics in this book/story.   I will try again and hopefully the author will decide to develop the character(s) and make the next entry enjoyable.
635.0	1.0	Caldecott Nominee 2014. Why?
267.0	5.0	"I have never before read a book of Li-Young Lee's poetry but was pleased to have the chance to when I found this at one of my bargain outlets. I've been disappointed and have been reluctant to write a review. Most of the poetry is preoccupied with Christian religious ideas (which I have no connection with) and nurses obscurity. I was relieved when I looked at others' impressions here on goodreads and found out that I was not the only one who has had a problem with this book to the point of feeling a tad sarcastic. One person called him out for relying too heavily on words like ""God,"" ""Death,"" and ""soul."" To be honest, I felt like pulling the poet gently aside and telling him to get over his own profundity.   Another called him out on abandoning the show-don't-tell maxim. I agree. Sometimes it seems like he's free-associating and steps back like a pot-addled teenager in awe of how deep it all is. Now, I enjoy surrealism and believe that free-associating can lead to unexpected insight, so I'm not sure why Lee's brand of it annoyed me so much. Perhaps because it wasn't well-grounded in imagery. And somewhere drifting about his poetry is a whiff of self-importance, I think, but I can't pinpoint exactly where.   The only place I became disarmed after this first negative impression was in a poem called, ""Virtues of the Boring Husband."" While reading that, as it built, I began to wonder if it was worth keeping the book, which I otherwise intended to pass on, for this one poem. The poem is a riff on love/union that he presumably speaks as a method of getting his wife to fall asleep, the opening line of the poem being, ""Whenever I talk, my wife falls asleep."" I'm taking an excerpt from about a third of the way through the poem:   ""Maybe the face-to-face true lovers enact   manifests a prior coincidence   of heaven and earth, say, or body and soul,   equal opposites exchanging   and combining properties in perpetual transformation:   shore and not shore, sea and sky,   room and a world, the gazer and the gazed upon.""   Little twitches run the length of her, beginning with her arms, then her legs, then her feet, as though   tensions were being fired from her body.   She mumbles the beginning of a word.   I go on talking.   ""Maybe the union of lovers is an instance   of primary simultaneity, timeless,   from which arises the various shapes of Time and duration:   arrival, departure, waiting, resuming,   fountain, terrace, path, an eave.""   End of excerpt. So in this poem you have that outrageous flying into abstraction being grounded in a rather humorous (to me anyway) situation as well as in the physical body of his wife. I can only wish his other poems in this volume had similar grounding and balance.   The book comes with a CD of Lee reading 22 of the poems. Some goodreads reviewers said they appreciated the poems more after hearing him read them. So I pulled it out and listened. I can see why his wife fell asleep--regardless of what he said. He has a soothing voice. But I didn't find his way of reading at all charming or serving to further illuminate the poems.   Yet another thing I learned from others on goodreads is that this bathing in abstraction is not typical of Li-Young Lee's poetry. I would give his work another try. But this book I will probably let go and hope that ""Virtues of the Boring Husband"" shows up in some compilation at a later date."
370.0	3.0	"This was a tough one for me to rank. Hmm.   The writing overwhelmed me a little at first. It's poetic prose, and it seemed a little too flowery, like the author was trying too hard. But as you move into the story, you acclimate, or the author pulls back a little -- it gets better.   The author did a great job of writing ""tension."" You feel it through 90 percent of the book. And her creative license (striking through phrases, creative grammar/puncuation in spots) was very effective.   The downfall for me was the plot outcome. I felt like the book did an about-face -- a plot twist that just did not fit the tone of the rest of the book and which seemed a little too similar to other very well-known stories.   That said, some people will probably keep reading just because they like the writing style. But for me, the conclusion of the book was a major turn-off.   (I have a blog writing about YA books. Follow me at davinajamison.tumblr.com"
915.0	4.0	"BFFs Ava and Gen are headed off to college. While Ava is staying in California, Gen is headed off to Boston to attend a small liberal arts school. Through emails and text messages, we watch Ava and Gen grow up and learn to live without each others' constant presence.   Now, apparently, Gaby Dunn and Allison Raskin are YouTubers. Apparently, they promote their own channel in this book. I'd never heard of them (or their channel) prior to reading this book, so that just went totally over my head. I will, however, get into the nitty gritty of what I liked and disliked about this debut.   My first thoughts, upon starting this book, were that Ava and Gen are probably very realistic eighteen-year-olds, but they were both borderline intolerable for me. Both of them were judgmental and annoying and reminded me that I'm not eighteen years old anymore. I hope I wasn't like that when I was their age, but I probably was. I do not want to go back to look at my old Livejournal because I'll probably die of embarrassment.   Ava is dealing with her mental illness while being away from home and away from her best friend. She suffers from OCD, anxiety, depression, and possibly other conditions -- we never hear about her actual diagnosis, only fleeting mentions of her conversations with therapists or symptoms she exhibited at a party or in class. In an attempt to make friends at college, Ava joins a sorority. Soon after, she begins her first real relationship with a goofy frat boy.   In Boston, Gen is coming to terms with her sexuality. After living a (mostly) heterosexual life in California, she realizes that she's also really into women and embraces her new-found bisexuality with open arms. This was really great, but I wonder if the authors took this a bit too far. (More on that later.) Aside from her sexuality, Gen doesn't really get her own storyline. Everything that happens to her is at least tangentially tied to her sexuality.   Ava and Gen are total opposites that somehow work as best friends. While Ava is very cautious and overthinks everything (much like me), Gen is very reckless in all aspects of her life. I thought that this would make me like Gen less, but I actually preferred her over Ava for the first half of the book or so. Unfortunately, in the second half of the book, Gen really disappointed me. Although it was great when she gently called Ava out on being problematic, I thought she became a little unreasonable as the book continued. Suddenly, Ava wasn't even allowed to ask questions because Gen would freak out at anything other than blind, unwavering support.   Ava constantly had to apologize to Gen, even when (at least in my opinion) she'd done nothing wrong. You should be able to comment on your best friend's life. You should be able to tell her she's making a mess of things before she does something that she can't take back. You should be able to ask her questions about her life without her cutting off all communication like a petulant child. I'm sorry, but the relationship between Ava and Gen was not a healthy one, and it had nothing to do with Ava's mental illness.   It's so hard to talk about this without digging into some spoilers, but let me try. When Ava expresses some concern about the people that Gen is choosing to involve herself with, Gen jumps down her throat. ""YOU'RE NOT GAY, YOU WOULDN'T UNDERSTAND!"" she screams (via email or text) when Ava's concern is nothing to do with the gender of the person Gen's seeing, but more to do with the implications of the relationship. And even when Ava's right, she has to apologize before Gen will talk to her again.   So, Gen comes out to Ava via email as she tells her about her recent sexual exploits. Shortly after, Gen begins to have sex with basically everyone she meets. By her own admission, she's attracted to everyone regardless of gender, sexual orientation, age, personality... anything. Gen is very quick to call Ava out when she references a common stereotype or says something mildly offensive, but I worry that Gen's character falls into common bisexual tropes.   Bi doesn't have to mean promiscuous. It doesn't mean that the character should be attracted to literally every person they meet. It shouldn't mean that the character is solely interested in hookups without any commitment whatsoever. It doesn't have to mean that the character destroys the rest of their life in search of their next conquest. Gen actually cuts off contact with Ava when Ava expresses (very reasonable) concerns about Gen's behavior. Ava is painted as the villain who just doesn't understand when Gen is obviously spiraling out of control.   I appreciate what the authors tried to do with representation. In a lot of areas, they succeeded. There are gay, bisexual, and trans characters that actually play major roles in the story. There are characters of different races and ethnicities, just as there would be on any normal college campus. Ava's mental illness representation was great because it was just another part of her and not something that was a huge deal. I just wish that Gen's sexual experimentation had been handled better, because, as a grown woman, I could only think of the danger she was putting herself in by going home with strange men and women.   I guess, in the end, I appreciate with the authors were trying to do. For me, the book was a miss. For someone closer to the characters' age, it might be more of a hit. Life has sure changed since I started college. That much is for sure.   I received a free ARC of I Hate Everyone But You from the publisher (via Netgalley) in exchange for my honest review."
678.0	1.0	qr't `dW@ 'sh`r mtwfr@ `l~ lshbk@ lfrWuwG   w knt mtHms@ Hyn wq`t hdhh lmjmw`@ byn   ydy .. thmW mdh .. l shy !! lqSy'd lm   tSil by l~ m knt 'twqW` mnh .. b`D   lqSy'd jt jwf. 'w flnql lm tu`jibny 'bdan.   khybtny.
837.0	1.0	So sad I didn't like this one as much as his first collection. Although I have a strange feeling it has nothing to do with his writing, but rather my tastes in poetry have changed.
967.0	2.0	I honestly couldn't make up my mind if I liked it or not. While some poems were intricately placed and held me captivated, others seemed pieced together like some cheap word magnet set, unsure of what word goes after the other. Out of the book though I am fond of Young Liberals, and Modern Love. It didn't leave me with a feeling that I want to come back for more.
559.0	1.0	Poetry was a little more decent... but still no good. Hay.
842.0	2.0	"Challenging poems that are best read out loud to ""hear"" the source texts the poet is playing with. The technique is thought-provoking, but the passion is missing. I felt, the whole time, like I was a rock being skipped on the surface of language's pond. If you like that type of experience, by all means, read this book. I, however, prefer depth rather than cleverness."
568.0	4.0	"ARC received from the publisher in exchange for an honest opinion.   Why I abandoned Ink:   Just. Just give me a minute. I don't understand why a book I was so excited for turned into a migraine-inducer. Let's go old school and deal with the good, the bad and the ugly. Sound like a plan? Great!   The good: Amanda Sun certainly knows her Japanese culture. The country is depicted beautifully and the writing style is simply breathtaking. I could feel the cherry blossoms brushing at my cheeks, I felt the awkward shame having to go and take my school slippers off because I'd forgotten. I sat at the same table as the other school kids and drowned under the foreign words I just couldn't understand.   The bad: *Technically* there is nothing bad about Ink so let's just get straight to the ugly...   The ugly: Katie is one of the most intense MCs I've ever come across in a book. She leaps onto something trivial and shakes it about like a dog with a bone. Tomo just has to look at her and then walk past and she gets it into her head that he has it in for her. Strike One. Then we have her leaving school one day and Tomo gets his bike and cycles off. Katie takes this as him ""trying to keep her at a distance"". Eh, no! He's leaving school for the day, just like all the other students. Unless they're keeping you at a distance too? Judging by your determined focus (putting it nicely) I'm not at all surprised. Normally it's the males in YA that seem to have a penchant for stalking following showing an interest in the female but in Ink, it's the complete opposite.   As for our ""love interest"" Tomohiro, I really can't see the attraction. He's quite bland and abrupt which normally has girls everywhere fanning themselves but not this reader. He's barely even said two words to Katie before telling her to stay away from him (completely unrelated to the stalking) and as soon as she follows happens to go to the same abandoned building as him, he basically tells her that because she didn't listen in the first place, she doesn't have to stay away anymore.   All in all, I ditched Ink at only 23% after a lot of head shaking because this book could have been AMAZING. I'd still give Amanda Sun's future novels a try because I did like the writing style but not this at all."
293.0	2.0	"Ugh, what a horrible way to end the series. The whole time I was reading I felt as if Stephanie Meyer simply wanted to satisfy everyone. As a result, NOTHING HAPPENED! Things almost happened, but then Meyer thought, ""That might disappoint someone, so I'll just go ahead and invent something to stop that from happening."" So stinkin' frustrating! When I finished, I felt incredibly let down and craved good fantasy (enter Mockingjay and Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows). Disappointment :("
878.0	3.0	"Overall, this is a fairly good read. The main problem for me, though, is the unbelievable plot. The ending is overly sensational and after I finished this book, my overall impression was ""none of that seems at all likely"". The plotting and characterisation are good, as is the dialogue. The suspense is built up gradually and Sophie McKenzie handles this very well indeed. I'm interested in reading more by this author, as her writing is good and it may be with a different plot her talent can shine better."
109.0	1.0	IT'S DONE.
148.0	2.0	The whole is greater than the parts, but the parts - 81 flash pieces - felt flat to me, as if they were notes for stories that hadn't been written yet.
99.0	5.0	"2 stars.   I honestly am not sure what to even say about this book. I had just finished reading ""Reconstructing Amelia,"" and had seen where several reviewers liked ""Dare Me"" far better. Since I loved ""Reconstructing Amelia,"" I decided to give it a go with this book.   Big Mistake....these books have nothing in common except for the fact they both deal with teenage girls.   ""Dare Me"", is the first Megan Abbott book I've read. I haven't decided yet if it will be the last. Something tells me I need to give her another chance with a different book...maybe a different subject matter.   Let me just say there were some things I liked about this book:   1. Cheerleading. Not into it. Never have been. I tend to stereotype those girls as the ones I went to high school with. Wasn't the best experience. HOWEVER.   I enjoyed how Abbott portrays these girls and their sport (yes...its definitely a sport) as much more than shaking pom-poms and sleeping with the football players. This is a hardcore sport that you must train your body for or you're out. I enjoyed, for the most part, getting a glimpse into that world, even if it was an ugly, obsessive one filled with diet pills, self-purging, etc.   2. Well....at least somene died. That was...exciting...I suppose...   3. At least it was short.   Obviously, I was overly optimistic at finding more than one thing I really liked about this novel.   Things I did not like:   Something about Abbot's prose turned me off totally. I can't exactly put my finger on what it is...I'm not saying she's not a good writer. She was very sharp in this book. It almost seems as though she started an idea...a sentence...a paragraph...but it never got 100% fleshed out. It's very discombobulating. I wasn't even halfway through before I was hoping the end was near.   Some of the phrases she uses are bizarre...a lot of comparisons are made to strange things...and as a (above average intelligence) reader, I was left scratching my head a lot. A LOT. I didn't mind that I had no idea what a ""2-1-1"" was, or a ""hanging pyramid"" or a back tuck. I googled that stuff. no biggie. It bothtered me that nothing was really explained, we really get no back story, characters were underdeveloped, and the whole thing was really just bizarre.   These characters. Did anyone like ANY of them? I didn't. Coach has them over and gives them alcohol? Coach smokes IN her office? umm...ok? And Beth is portrayed as some sort of invicible god of cheer. Give me a break. That girl is a sociopath.   Also..   WHERE WERE THESE GIRLS' PARENTS??????   I'm ok with the fact that one of two of them probably have distant relationships with their parents. Or the parents are irresponsible, work too much, don't keep tabs on their kids. However, every single girl on the squad just seems to run around town doing anything they like with anybody, anywhere. Seems far-fetched that 10-12 girls parents are ALL completely disinterested in their lives.   Basically..my main beef is that this is one of those books where I felt like I was waiting for the ""real book"" to begin. This was a ""what-was-the-point"" book for me. The murder mystery part of the story was probably most boring I've ever read. I honestly didn't care woho did what.   I'm not going to summarize the plot. You can pretty much get that fron the book description. Lots of shitty people doing shitty things to each other...none of which mattered (and a lot that made NO SENSE). I needed more. more character development, less anbiguity, more excitement. I was totally underwhelmed.   I don't know who to recommend this book to. People who like reading about dumb teenagers doing stupid shit? Peple who ARE teenagers doibg stupid shit? People who care about cheerleading? People who like boring books?   I don't know, but I am going to give Abbott another chance to wow me since I've heard such great things about her writing. 2 stars because I actually did finish this mercifully short book."
381.0	3.0	Read this review and more on my blog.   I was browsing the Amazon store when I found this available for free (it was free when I got it on December 30th 2016), so of course I had to get it! A new character for me to dive into, I could not wait.   Now it is no secret in my family that I have a bias for DC over Marvel, the main reason being I grew up with DC not Marvel. When I started reading comic books, the first comic book that I seriously read was Old Man Logan, not Batman like I expected. So I do try and keep my mind open around the DC vs Marvel debate when reading comic books, but unfortunately it is stories like this that make me realise why I love DC.   Lets start with the art style, for me this was the best part of this comic book. At times it did not draw my attention to where it should have been which lost the flow of the comic. During the fight scenes, the style chosen seemed to be less coherent and I got lost as to what was going on and how it related to the pervious panel.   The actual storyline seemed like an origin story for Iron Fist. We follow Danny Rand on him deciding on some business decisions that affect him as Iron Fist. Also a previous Iron Fist makes an appearance that makes Danny Rand question what he was told about being the Iron Fist.   If you enjoy the character of Iron Fist or have a understanding of his character, then I suspect that you will enjoy this story more than I did.
345.0	1.0	No stars. I'm sorry Bob. It hurts so much.
134.0	1.0	A friend recommend this and I just couldn't get into it. I didn't finish halfway. Will try reading it again someday.
544.0	3.0	I've hear a lot of people rave about this book, but it didn't thrill me. There is a kind of neat, new take on what a vampire is. Their powers & weaknesses are shown well, not just described. There's only one character with much depth, the heroine, but that's enough.   The main problem I had with it is identifying with the POV. It's told from a 17 year old girl's perspective & that makes it tough for me, never having been one myself. I raised one, but I still find it tough to empathize with Becca, the heroine. I'm often irritated with her, which may be a sign her character is well done, but I don't think so. All my teenagers irritated me & the girl was especially baffling at times, but none approached this girl's level. Her lack of self-preservation, clumsiness & denseness were over done for me. I found it unbelievable.   Worst of all, were her parents. They were completely unbelievable for me. Things she was allowed to do & how they were portrayed were just off the chart. The truck was portrayed as an old junker & no mention was made of its transmission, which I would have expected to be a stick, but probably wasn't due to the way it was driven. A lot of little things like that nagged at me through the entire book.   It's supposed to be a YA book, so the things that distracted me might not bother the normal audience. All in all, it was OK for me, but I won't be buying the next in the series new. I will likely watch the movie made out of it.
244.0	2.0	Quite unreadable. Rimbaud must be turning in his grave
135.0	1.0	Borrow it. It's a book you'll likely only read a few times.
590.0	2.0	Yeah, it's quirky, the greatest mechanic in the world - a dog with a cute little pet human -- steals parts off of cars he works on to build a flying machine so he can fly to Latin America and reunite with the little terrier who stole his heart. Meanwhile a near-sighted mama pig searches for her 13th piglet that has been adopted by a goth cat. But in the end nothing is resolved. It's all setup and no payoff.
158.0	4.0	2.25 stars.   This was a super fun read. To me, it was like reading an episode of Desperate Housewives. However, some of the characterization felt flat. The characters seemed more like pieces of a puzzle rather than actual characters experiencing these things. Karen and Tom, the main couple, were just...blah. I will say that I liked how the ending came as a bit of a surprise. Unfortunately, it also made me see how out of character some of them were being in earlier parts of the book. In one scene, we would hear from one character's POV. Then later on in the book, we would learn that they were planning/thinking of something that wasn't mentioned or hinted at, at all.   Despite its flaws, it's a fun, domestic thriller. Nothing to write home about imo, but it's still a fast-paced book if you're in the mood for that sort of thing.
459.0	1.0	Some odd poems, some pretty good poems. He mostly uses hick-style dialogue, which is interesting.
368.0	1.0	Okay...a little formulaic. could never figure out why she never went to the police
838.0	2.0	I found it poorly written and boring. I never expected it to be like that....I was very disappointed. The only interesting part is from Fred's conversation with Bree and after....I dont recommend it.
884.0	4.0	"To be honest the only reason I finished this book was so I could legitimately write the review I wanted to write, but now I'm not even sure it's worth the effort. If you're looking for a good contemporary YA romance, I could certainly provide you with a list, and it would not include this one.   Basically, the dialogue is so cheesy it sounds like a bunch of robots talking, throwing in swear words and slang that nobody with a brain uses in conversation (""sibs""? Really?), because apparently teenagers are too stupid to form entire words. Ssshhh, nobody tell all the YA authors who actually respect their audience's intelligence. They might think they're doing something wrong.   The plot is centered around an insta-love between a quiet girl and a criminal, womanizing egomaniac who's suddenly ~changed~ by this girl who has no backbone nor a shred of uniqueness about her (but her eyes! They're so ""honest"" and ""open""! And she's so funny, even though she never actually said anything that made me laugh!). To employ a cliche as tired as the ones in this book: if I never read the word ""chick"" or ""hit"" or ""screw"" or ""brainathiminal"" (seriously, what. the. f.) again, it will be too soon.   What we have here is a case of screwed-up boy pinning it on a put-together girl to fix him, and said girl going along with it because ohmigawd he is sO CuTe! Girlfriend was literally at the disposal of her hormones throughout the entire novel-- she'd be mad at him when he wasn't around, but a page or two later he'd be there and she'd be forgiving him, or ""melting into a hormonal puddle of hotness."" Oh wait, no, that last one was what happened when his even WORSE best friend kissed her.   With the catering business and all of the secondary characters, I think someone was trying to dupe me into thinking this was a Sarah Dessen novel. Nice try, but no. Unfortunately the writing was immature, the characters even more immature, and the emotion completely nonexistent.   So, why 2 stars instead of 1 or even 0? Um... there were no typos? It wasn't a terrible Sunday binge read? That's all I've got."
366.0	2.0	Well, I liked it better than the first two, but I still didn't like it much. I found myself bored when the characters weren't actively engaged in the mystery, and although I was less annoyed with the psychic elements than in the previous two (ghosts are more acceptable than ESP for the Darcys in my mind?) they still annoyed me.   Will go back to pining for more Stephanie Barron J.A. mysteries now.
405.0	3.0	Anastasia decidedly does not have the answers. Anastasia's Aunt Rose dies, which is dealt with rather insensitively and cavalierly by both the author and her characters, and Uncle George comes to stay with the Krupniks for a while. Anastasia wastes no time in trying to set him up with eligible females. Another subplot to the story is that most of the females Anastasia knows are man-less, something Anastasia sees as quite the travesty. For such a notably humanist author, this is a rather sexist worldview. The final thread of the story is that Anastasia is incapable of climbing a rope in gym class. This is prominent on the cover of every edition of this book, but largely a non-story. Anastasia can't climb a rope. She practices quite a lot, then learns to climb the rope. Obviously.   Really, as much as I like the Anastasia books, I was not pleased with this one at all.
946.0	2.0	This book was not creepy at all, in fact it was boring.   I picked the book up because of holly black but now I'm disappointed in it. The only part I loved about this book was the adventure spirit, the romance was out of place and was not needed at all. Honestly I wasted my time reading this book.
425.0	1.0	Poetry that describes the life of major historical British royals. Very limited audience, nobody outside of British history students are really going to get this.
927.0	1.0	It's been so long since I read this that I can't really remember the details.
911.0	2.0	Aimed at a young audience, which uses a slightly heavy-handed metaphor to deliver a lesson from the life of Britain's wartime Prime Minister.
865.0	3.0	This book has way too many details for the average young reader. Plus way too much going on to read and focus on everything. Its like an I spy or where's Waldo but with disorganized reading all over. IF the facts were a little simplier, and the story off to one corner that would have made this so much easier.
941.0	2.0	** spoiler alert **   Unfortunately, there is nothing 'beautiful with this book', ok I might be exagerating but really it is because I feel I have wasted valuable reading time with it. It is too long for basically saying 3 interesting things, too much blah blah. THe book starts off where book 1 left, now it is going to be Lena's 17th birthday and something is going to happen, and her mother calls the 17th moon before its time so that she can choose to go Dark before. Ethan discovers that he might not be a 100% normal mortal, who killed his mother and what secrets she was hiding from him. The most interesting part of this whole mess is that Ethan has a siamese cat following him (and this is because I am a fan of Siamese cats) still the last 150 pages were just AWFUL.
50.0	3.0	Urgh...why did I even read this crap? Found it on my Kindle and after promising myself I'd read whatever book I randomly picked out, this came up. Don't remember downloading it, don't remember buying it, don't remember reading anything about it. The whole thing was just awful. Sappy YA romance novel, completely predictable in every way. Zero focus on what could have been the important element to it - the court case, just lots of moments of the main characters pining for each other, then eventually just being all over each other. And everything just turned out so well and so right at the end, I wanted to barf. I only read it all the way through so that I could give it a proper review, but it was only when I got the last page that i realised how little had really happened in the whole book. A bit like a few of the slower episodes of Hollyoaks. I know I'm not really in the demographic of people this book is aimed at - but even back when I was 16-21 I wouldn't have enjoyed it. It was all just so hollow, empty, vague, linear, predictable, dull and lacking in any real spark.
343.0	1.0	I read this about 20 years ago, so I don't remember my actual thoughts at the time, but now that I'm older, I dont remember my exact thoughts on this, but I just thought it was weird that there was a cat in a hat
186.0	1.0	I think this would have better suited me when I was in 4th-5th grade. It doesn't come off as one of those comics even adults would enjoy.
815.0	1.0	this book sucked.
784.0	3.0	I really did not like that vegetables were made out to be something to be endured. Also the parents did not seem to have control of the situation, not exactly what I want a child to learn. Also I just felt like the behavior of the naughty main character teaches that it is acceptable to behave in a sneaky disobedient manner and never by the conclusion did I get a real learning lesson or remorse for disobedience. That being said my daughter LOVED it and wanted to read it a million times. Face palm. Felt like a worse parent after introducing this into our home.
529.0	1.0	Got it as a part of Neil Gaiman's Humble Bundle.   I liked the way it shows the relationship of an 8 year old and her dad in the artistic family that encourages expressing yourself from early age. Otherwise it's still an 8 year old and her dad and it could have stayed private - it has much more value to them.
184.0	1.0	It was a great concept, but it didn't deliver as well as I hoped it would so I dropped it.
642.0	4.0	"When choosing which books to read I rather rarely care for whether it won awards or not. If the topic is interesting then that should be enough to pick it up. Another reason is because, with fiction, I have found that it's the same dull topics that always win, ones that have been chewed to a cud to the point where little of the original form remain. It looks like the same can now be said for poetry that wins prizes like the Pulitzer, for if ""Stag's Leap"" is an indicator then I might begin steering clear of books that win those kinds of awards in general.   The collection focuses on the sole theme of the divorce between the speaker/poet and her husband, dividing the poems into sections of time first using the calendar year, then as three of the four seasons, and finally a section that presents what happens later. That already is a familiar and slightly dull stylistic choice. But the poems themselves posed the biggest problems, with one foot in the confession camp while the other was trying to conjure up something with the imagery. It's dangerous to approach a theme such as heartbreak and divorce in such a one-sided way as Olds did, her constant ""my husband"", ""my ex"" chipping away both at the reader's patience and interest until there was little sympathy left for the speaker. At some point I wanted to actually find out more about how they'd met or whether he'd given any explanation or insight on why he left, or even how she was dealing without him. Instead it was very much the same things only reworded: how he lied to her, how they'd have sex just to get away from the issue then stopped having it altogether, how she was jumping from one extreme emotion to another. While the topic is indeed a difficult one for those who actually go through it, there are always those little moments in between grief when you feel like you've become distracted only to find out that's not the case. I wanted to read more of that rather than the direct chronology of how she goes from finding out her husband is leaving to kind of moving on. It's difficult to even say what the speaker's stance is, it's that muddled.   I feel like this would appeal more to white, middle aged women. The younger generation has other problems, hence other poets they can look to in order to get that same emotional spark from the poems. It also won't appeal to those who don't believe on centering their whole life around a man and then stringing out the same repetitive phrases about sex and ""think of the children"". I'm sure there are other ways to approach a topic as familiar and overwritten as heartbreak. This isn't one of them. The words are empty and more for padding than direct impact, much of the imagery and wording lost in rather choppy lines and run-on phrases that use punctuation to impress. This will have its own audience but I'm not one of them, nor do I share the same values and mindset to probably ever find this collection pertinent."
478.0	1.0	Unfortunately, a very outdated, boring book, with not a lot of talent behind. I was dissapointed :(
338.0	2.0	i had no patience for this. i think it was supposed to be a fun crazy romp, but it just seemed like a silly romp to me.
254.0	4.0	"Well I guess part of my confusion came from the fact that I didn't know it was a sequel. The rest of the confusion came from the highly abstract storytelling and equally abstract and highly disturbing imagery that littered the pages.   One thing I will say, is that this book calls for massive trigger warnings. There are several scenes that could cause alarm to unsuspecting readers.   Although the story - once I finally got into it and realized everything was interconnected - was... interesting, it wasn't captivating. Only shocking and at times unnecessarily so. The images at times seemed there only for shock value, which I did not approve of in the slightest. And believe you me, I'm ALL for creepy, messed up stories with equally creepy, messed up visuals... but at least half of this book's imagery seemed utterly unnecessary and pointlessly shocking. It caused me to dread what the next page would hold - and not in a good way AT ALL.   The plot, although good in its way, still lacked coherency and was rather jarring and disjointed. More times than not, I simply couldn't follow.   I also hated almost every character in the book, which, that in itself, is NEVER a good sign.   All in all... I sadly don't have much good to say about the book. :/ I wish I did. I knew I was taking a chance with this one, but BOY did I not know what I was getting myself into.   Perhaps if I had read the first book ""Lucille,"" then I could have had better things to say about this one. Especially if this book continued directly from the previous one. But as is, I can only give my two cents on what I DID read. (And sadly, what WAS read wasn't very good.)"
817.0	3.0	Jackie is about to start her senior year of high school. She lives in a small rural Missouri town, population, where everyone knows presumably everything about everyone, right down to the color of undies you chose in the morning. At least that's implied but turns out to be very much not the case. Jackie moved from California four years ago so her family could get back to a simpler way of life, out of the rat race in California. But Jackie has a secret. She's in love with Marcus, her cousin. Not really a spoiler as she tells you early on and you can easily guess at the taboo relationship even earlier if you're so inclined. To complicate matters, their families live together so there's no time when they aren't together. And yet, no one notices this, not immediately any way and never their own parents. They have been secretly stealing clandestine kisses and moments alone, pretending that what's happening between them isn't serious for a year. But when Marcus wants more, Jackie can't live with the consequences and condemnation of their illicit love and backs off, urging Marcus to date the new girl in town. What follows is typical teenaged angst. 7/8th of the book is all about the push/pull, we shouldn't/we should, it's wrong/ it's so right how can it be wrong? The other 1/8th is a side story that fails to materialize in a meaningful way about the disappearance and murder of her former best friend who had moved some months earlier. And a creepy, stalker guy in a white truck (who doesn't stand out at all) who may mean Marcus, Jackie, or Sylvia (the new girl) harm. None of which makes the least bit of sense or has any true connection to the plot of the doomed love affair. And, if poked with a stick, has so many plot holes that it's just not credible. I would not want Jackie as my BFF for sure. The only person she truly cares about is herself. She doesn't even know what the love of her life might want to study in college even though she's picking out schools for him based on her preferences. Very self-centered. With some rather detailed make out scenes, this book is most appropriate for older, more mature readers. I was happy to find a novel set in a familiar setting, but it seems the author couldn't bother to get the details right. St. Joseph is not a big metropolis, not since the days of the Old West at any rate, and has only 3 high schools, not 9. If you're going to mix fiction with real places, you should take care to write it accurately, otherwise why bother? Just keep it fictional where you can take all the liberties you care to. Kind of irritated I wasted my morning with this novel. I appear to be in the minority with this review.
285.0	1.0	I enjoyed the playful illustrations but the story didn't grow on me. Would recommend as a fun read to someone just learning to read.
677.0	1.0	Just terrible.
777.0	1.0	"There are a number of decent stories in this Friends of Lulu comics anthology, but many more mediocre/incomplete-feeling stories. Two very excellent must-reads are the comics ""Hopey the Cat in The Glue Factory"" by Jen Feinberg and ""Crazy Cat"" by K-9/fly. Each of these gets 5 stars."
829.0	2.0	Finally happened, I gave up on this series. I was going to try and tough it out with only a few books left, especially since Stark is one of my favorite male characters out there, however; the rest of the story is just too twisted and crazy. I did't find interest in the story anymore.   It was fun while it lasted.
550.0	2.0	I could not even finish this book, it made me physically ill. It's way too graphic and descriptive and I don't understand the point of it. I'm not a puritan, but my lord, it's beyond repulsive. I don't even understand the people that gave it any stars.   I don't care about the characters, neither one has any redeeming qualities. This may be harsh, but the whole thing was just stomach turning.
875.0	3.0	"When you look past the terrible writing, the - while perfectly valid, simply ridiculous in light of context & setting, making it feel forced and hastily squeezed in - popular culture references, the annoying dialogue and the failed attempt to capture the teenage voice, you get quite an interesting read.   It has an interesting concept - a girl who is ""marked"" by a tracker to undergo the ""Change"" and transfers to the House of Night, an academy for fledging vampyres. Some fledgings survive the change and mature into a full vampyre. Some don't.   It's also quite refreshing to read about a world where the existence of vampyres is actually very widely well known and feared. Where being ""marked"" is dreaded and for a smaller majority, inevitable. Where vampyres actually co-exist instead of occupy the world unbeknownst to all.   As a girl discovers a shining fate she is destined for.   The characterisation of Zoey Redbird is such a parody, as she judges and mocks others when she herself, is such an blatant caricature. What. A. Character.   The really unsubtle references to popular culture (e.g. Erik: ""I can even imitate Chewbacca"" *wink wink*)(*face palm*), It was like apparently all you need to be a dork is incredibly inappropriate pop cult references in daily conversation and a few bad geeky jokes.   Altogether, I'd conclude it's like a raw first draft that went through a quick Spell Check and somehow wound its way to being published.   Two stars for 1) Ingenuity at getting published 2) Notably interesting concept (just such a waste at the hands of these two writers)"
824.0	2.0	Closer to a 1.5.   There's a rich tradition in children's books for seemingly absurd premises. The Chocolate Touch, How to Eat Fried Worms to a point, there's a lot of stuff out there that just gets to the heart of the crazy imaginations that kids can have.   That brings us to Hamstersaurus Rex, the story of a classroom hamster that gets into some protein bars and becomes part-T-Rex.   Yup.   I have to say that this is really, really dumb. Like, really dumb. I love the lowbrow, but the caricature of the gym teacher, the really bad-at-being-a-bully-bully, the Evil Corporate Conglomerate (TM), all of these things mesh together for a story that just doesn't seem to work. There's nothing wrong with dumb books for kids - goodness knows there are enough dumb books and movies and shows for adults - but this one, just... yikes.   Avoid this if at all possible. It should have been better than it was.
982.0	1.0	Like those motivational posts on Facebook but without the pretty pictures of sunsets. A few are moving, but most are banal, unlyrical platitudes with a strong streak of narcissism. She suggests that a lot of men have abandoned her, and it's not surprising. It must be hard maintaining a relationship with someone so utterly self-absorbed.
179.0	1.0	Good art, interesting setup...and a story that, in the end, does nothing and means nothing. Disappointing.
749.0	4.0	I suppose I always have high hopes for lesbian graphic novels, probably because it's my favorite genre of book. This one just let me down. The artistry was not my style (messy, but complicated; I prefer understated and simplistic) and the text (handwriting) was difficult to read and gave me a headache. The story itself was captivating but too short. Indeed, each little snapshot was just a brief look into the author's life. Ultimately, it fell short of anything satisfying. (In fact, the author spends more time talking about her boyfriends and her failed attempts to act straight than her girlfriends and life as a lesbian.) The best vignette is the one in which the author comes out to her dad. That vignette alone is worthy of the two stars I'm giving to this book.
226.0	2.0	I am not sure what I just read - but it involved a shark-preoccupied little girl and a mixed media presentation of her fascination with sharks.
928.0	2.0	"Not what you think--it's not the kids who are cheating. Bernadette goes to Wickham High--and she has a smashing English teacher who encourages her and other top students to compete in a statewide quiz bowl. The kids do unexpectedly well in the written test, so well, in fact, that they will compete with their rival ""rich kids"" school for the state championship. However--did they come by their scores honestly, or did the favorite teacher ""cheat""? Positive, though a little simplistic in places."
0.0	2.0	No Basho poems here. What a misleading title.
633.0	2.0	This took too long to get off the ground. Once Desi actually gets working with her princesses, and more of her non-whiny personality starts to show, it gets more interesting. I'm still not sure how I feel about the way Desi goes about trying to fix the world - there is something invasive about it. The ending was a bit too neat as well, but I am curious to see where Leavitt can and will take this series in the future.
357.0	3.0	The premise is inspired, but I found it hard to get past the construction of the novel and the one-dimensional caricatures of teenagers and other characters in the book. I found it hard to honestly care about what was happening to Marcus and his friends because they were so flat even when they were shouting at rallies and being tortured by Homeland Security. All the cliched techno-geeks, parents, dhs authorities, and teachers started to sound the same as they explained their motives rather emphatically in the dialogue rather than expressing emotions and motives in the more subtle, unique, and believable ways individuals do in real life. The technical explanations also often got in the way of the natural flow of the story and I found myself skimming these parts.   The thing that saves the book from one-star status for me, is that although it can be a bit preachy and one-dimensional, Doctorow's genuine earnestness and belief in the values behind the premise shines through and I have to admire that. I would give this only two stars for the writing, but I do think other people who are looking for an exciting and relevant contemporary plot may actually enjoy it.
257.0	4.0	Disappointing. Stanton's reputation as one of the preeminent fetish artists is not well served by this shoddy collection. Nice as it is to see a big, fat collection of Stanton's work, this book leaves a lot to be desired. The size (about 6 x 8 inches) is itself a problem, as the text is frequently difficult to read, in part because of poor typography no doubt but in part also because it is so small. However, there are more basic production errors. Most trivially, the Taschen page numbering is occasionally placed over the edges of caption boxes, therefore obscuring a word or two of text (not that the prose here is terribly good--in fact, most of it is pedestrian at best, and it is riddled with errors--but it should still all be visible). Far more seriously, there are clear problems with missing caption boxes (evident because since the book is shot from the original art, one can see the remnants of the glue that held the captions on), and there is a story that pretty clearly has been accidentally combined with another one; mid-narrative, we are suddenly looking at different characters in a different scenario. Another story seems to have missing pages, assuming the Stanton page numbering on the actual art is correct. Other stories seem to stop rather than ending; missing pages or just bad stories? Who knows? There certainly are narrative/art level problems, as well. For all that Stanton does some interesting things with the art (e.g. one story using photo backgrounds, or some of the ways colour and black and white mix), he also often seems inattentive to detail. Costuming will change colour from page to page; text and image will not match; etc. Some of the art is quite strong; some of it looks almost dashed off. As for the stories themselves, well, I suppose if corporal punishment (of men--the few stories with female objects focus on bondage rather than flagellation) is your turn-on these might be effective enough, but for the most part, they left me cold--despite all the posteriors heated up by extensive spanking. It's actually oddly chaste stuff, given its fetish context; many stories don't even have any, or much, nudity in them, and there's not really any hard-core sexual content. Most of the stories don't even reference orgasm at all. Anyway, given the shoddy production values, I can't even recommend this to fetish or Stanton fans. Not worth the investment--certainly not at cover price.
223.0	3.0	I'm usually a sucker for N.R. Walker novels, but for some reason this one didn't quite do it for me like her other books have. I guess it had a lot to do with the fact that I simply didn't quite connect with the heroes.   I kind of saw what they saw in each other but at the same time I'm somewhat baffled as to what drew them towards one another besides their killer looks. I guess I simply didn't *feel* the emotional connection like I wished to and know Walker to be capable of delivering.   All in all, an OK read for me and I have some doubts about continuing with the series at this point, because I kind of liked where Walker left things. I just don't care for more drama in these guys' lives.   The Book Challengers blog // The Book Challengers Instagram // The Book Challengers Twitter
493.0	2.0	** spoiler alert **   It was sort of like a cross btwn Flowers in the Attic and a Bronte novel. The writing is good, it really is, but the plot just got weirder and weirder. If the plot involves incest btwn brain-damaged lesbian twins, not to mention incest btwn their brother-sister parents, I am just not going to like it much.
537.0	2.0	I usually don't read vampire books so this wasn't my type of book in the first place. However, this book started out okay for me. It was like a regular book about a boy written by a female. I don't usually have a problem with those. Then at some point in the book, it turned into one of those cheesy Disney channel movies where hardly anyone can act and the plot is just all over the place and pretty stupid. I really don't know why I even finished it. This is my opinion. Sorry to the author and anyone who liked this book.
410.0	3.0	So I went into this with an open mind. From all the reviews it sounded like it was going to be a great book...but the author lost me halfway through. There were times were there was a ton of world building, and then there were times where it fell flat. The main character was lost on me, which is frustrating because she had potential to be fantastic. I know she was 16, but I felt she was just way too immature. For some reason Reece calling her his butterfly put me off as well as the age difference. Maybe if she was 18? I would have liked to have met Thess earlier in the book so we can see a glimpse of what kind of character he could potentially be. Side note, I also find the Joshua character weird. What was that? Who is he? Where did he come from? How does he know Reece?   Too many odd things in this book and it made me uncomfortable. I more than likely will not be reading anymore books in this series.
695.0	4.0	"Other reviews at The Book Babe's Reads.   Due to copy and paste, formatting has been lost.   2.5 Stars.   Doll Bones was something I just picked up. I had no prior interest in it, and honestly, I don't particularly have any interest in it now. My only real interest in it was the scare factor. How scary could a MG book be? But then I started it. And realized, that, well, yes, as expected, it wasn't that scary. But first, let's get this out of the way-- I am deathly afraid of some of those porcelain dolls. They just freak me out, and that being said, well, this one didn't. Ouch, that's pretty sad.   The doll's story was actually fairly mediocre. That may have just been because I was expecting to have the wits scared out of me, but I can't discount the fact that it just wasn't scary. But I need to move on.   I don't very often read books with male narrators, so Doll Bones was unique in that way. Zach was kind of a funny kid, but the more I read from his point of view, the more I realized...he's like twelve. Maybe 13, and they're playing with ""dolls""? That was a slight character flaw in itself. I mean, I realize that some people are more mature than others, but does a twelve year old boy really play with dolls? Not in this day and age. You'd be lucky to find a twelve year old that hasn't already had a girlfriend.   But aside from that, I did enjoy Zach and his friends, Alice and Poppy. Their adventure was awesome, and I liked the way that they were around each other. They were just simply friends.   All in all, Doll Bones was neither creepy enough, mature enough or interesting enough to have me hooked, but it was an okay read."
69.0	1.0	I may try rereading this in the future.
972.0	1.0	I really wanted to like this. I did. And some of the poems were really powerful to me, but others were...eh. I had problems with it keeping my attention. It's probably just not my style of poetry.
906.0	3.0	Mat Johnson sets up the premise well with his moving author's note detailing how he felt out of place in two cultures growing up as a light-skinned black boy. However, the rest of the graphic novel fails to reach this emotional pinnacle. It is a heart-breaking story inspired by true events, but could have used more nuance, especially with the characterization.
6.0	3.0	Not a bad thriller. But nothing special in the end. My interest level waned towards the end after a strong start. Book had a degree of wit and a good plot, but it was unpolished, like a first draft, and there was a rather prosaic feel to it overall. Character development was not terrible, the author tried, but characters were broad stereotypes. For example, our hero is a brash, arrogant genius who develops a degree of humility and maturity. Been done a thousand times. Book is clearly intended as a series opener. I'll probably pass on future installments although I wouldn't rule them out, this is a debut novel after all, and really not a bad one.
660.0	3.0	"Overall, I was disappointed in this entire arc. I can't quite give this one star, because I did manage to finish it, but mostly I got to the end by sheer determination. Perhaps if I'd been reading it issue by issue as it came out, I might have liked it more. But reading it almost two years later, and after DC's massive relaunch of their entire line, I didn't feel any sense of drama or tension in the book ... it was more of a ""okay, what unlikely twist is Johns going to throw at us now?"" And this is a shame because the storyline included some of my all-time favorite characters: Deadman, Martian Manhunter, Hawkman and Hawkwoman, Hawk and Dove. But ultimately ... I felt like the story wasn't all that interesting."
666.0	2.0	It's about baz and Simon from the other book and magic and things I'm not interested in.
55.0	3.0	"This book is the chick-lit of poetry. Brenday Shaunnessy is great at the art of disconnection to others but also offers nothing of redeeming value that you can take with you after a five minute read. There is a street smartness about her work. Then there is the smartness gained by reading, intellectual curiosity and emotional intelligence that is not reflected anywhere. Lines like: ""Throw your love until it sticks."" or, ""At our miserable dinner even my own chewing disgusted me."" reek of sit-com one-liners and humor. She speaks of ""vulnerable as a lemon-peel"" and how ""we need a poet for the nanosecond"" as if this was the future of American poetry. What she has to offer is: ""a heart as hard and small and uni-purpose as a tack."" I think that describes her poetry as well.   That this book won the James Laughlin Award of the Academy of American poets, bodes ill for American Poetry and and the rest of us who give a damn."
700.0	2.0	A holiday story meant to show the affection a family has towards its Christmas tree. Nice pastel illustrations, but somewhat lacking on the warmth of the season.
380.0	2.0	On the one hand, I'm glad that there's an empowering book for teen female gamers (and gamers in general). On the other, the book grossly oversimplifies the problems it seeks to address about economics, health care, working conditions, injustice, etc. While I want to laud the protagonist's efforts to make the world a better place for everyone, the story felt a bit too self-congratulatory whenever the privileged helped those less fortunate.
350.0	2.0	I picked this up at the library when I was looking for a different book by the author and it wasn't available. I didn't know what it was about and when I started reading it out loud to Alistair I was confused as an adult so I'm sure he was too.   The book is disjointed. Each page is its own vignette so there's no rhythm or continuous idea-just snapshots of a girl with her grandpa. At the end, it is implied grandpa has died but it's left unsaid. This could allow parents a place to start a conversation about the death of a loved one which is the only reason I gave it 2 stars instead of 1.
631.0	1.0	I do not comprehend the adoration for this classic.
62.0	2.0	It took me so many days to finish this book. I didn't like it at all. With all due respect for Cohen and his life and work... this book is bad. Very bad.
215.0	4.0	"I didn't enjoy this one at all, unfortunately. These ""Thirty One Letters"" feel too personal, like breaking open a diary and reading the horrible, embarrassing thoughts of a younger sibling. In one letter to the great poet, Charles Simic, Hugo writes:   Dear Charles: And so we meet once in San Francisco and I learn   I bombed you long ago in Belgrade when you were five.   I remember. We were after a bridge on the Danube   hoping to cut the German armies off as they fled north   from Greece. We missed. Not unusual, considering I   was one of the bombardiers. I couldn't hit my ass if   I sat on the Norden or rode a bomb down singing   The Star Spangled Banner.   Did he just make a lighthearted joke about bombing Charles Simic's village and then send it to him in the form of a letter? Am I missing something?   Hugo apparently flew 35 bombing raids during World War II, so this is autobiographical. He concludes the poem with this:   Nice to meet you finally after   all the mindless hate. Next time, if you want to be sure   you survive, sit on the bridge I'm trying to hit and wave.   I'm coming in on course but nervous and my cross hairs flutter.   Wherever you are on earth, you are safe. I'm aiming but   my bombs are candy and I've lost the lead plane. Your friend, Dick.   This is confession gone wrong, in my opinion. I would be very interested to hear how Simic received this. I can't imagine well, but perhaps I'm wrong.   The hardest part about these poems is that these are supposedly his real thoughts. He suffered from depression and I believe alcoholism, (If not that, he sure did drink a lot in the poems) so he often commiserates about how awful his life is.   In one horrific ""poem"" he fantasizes about violence, in which he rants:   I feel I am going to dynamite the pool.   I presume this is with people inside. He continues to offer an explanation later in the poem:   I think I know the reason I want to plant explosions. It's the same reason I like an occasional mark of punctuation. A comma between bears and a colon following alligator jaws. Because I want a mark in time.   Perhaps I have missed the beauty in this, but all I keep thinking is that this was probably also the unibomber's motivation - to have a mark in time.   If this wasn't autobiographical and not actual letters he sent to other poets and writers, I might have a different view. I always respect poets and artists, but I don't enjoy the musings of madmen."
534.0	2.0	"She was that kind of girl we avid readers dont like. Too THIRSTY and DESPERATE for a guy that she is slumming with parallel ""hims"". She also showed no character development. She thinks just because everyone and family view her a certain way she can continue doing whatever she wants."
182.0	3.0	This is what I get when I buy something because the cover and title tickle me.   For future reference, self, read the fucking blurb so you don't buy a book by a youtuber. Ugh.   Anyway. Super juvenile. Repetitive. Probably life changing for some fifteen year old somewhere but honestly, I am just too old for this sort of thinking.   Some of the illustrations were cute.
487.0	2.0	This is a very dense book of poems that often seem like stream of consciousness ramblings and disconnected musings than they do poetry. Perhaps this is the point, but I simply could not connect with these poems on an emotional level, and the book left me less inspired and more bewildered. Perhaps they're just not my cup of tea...
653.0	2.0	Started off strong, but like many Koontz novels, it all falls apart in the last hundred pages. Actually some very creepy scenes in this book - quite rare for Koontz.
742.0	3.0	i love the cronenberg adaptation and had been meaning to read this for a while just to see if it ended the same way (i like the movie's ending but always had a hard time believing that a graphic novel would end in such suspension)... well, it doesn't end the same way... it also doesn't middle the same way... beginning's the same, though, pretty much. it's much cleaner and simpler and more black-and-white than the movie; ties up all the loose ends and makes the main character likable (he was trying to get $ for his grandma's operation!) and removes most of the moral ambiguity. has a lot more cliched elements and much worse dialogue and the sexual component isn't there... it's really just a totally different story, and not as good. but it led to a great movie, so that's good.
360.0	2.0	"Sometimes books shout that they have a mission. This one seems to be saying ""Here I am--a book about working families, and look, I've even got a 2 daddies family!""   Okay, but the prose is awkward--there seems to be some attempt at a rhyming pattern, but nothing consistent. And despite the emotion that SHOULD be in this story, it feels empty. The artwork doesn't help--it's flat and angular. One more for ""the purpose gets in the way of a real story"" category."
876.0	3.0	"One Star.   Hmm. Now, where do I start from? I should probably start with the fact that Stephenie Meyer wrote a thriller! That's one way of breaking out of the Twilight mold.   The Chemist was a book I was eager to start because I wanted to see if Meyer's writing had evolved and if she could actually prove herself to be capable of writing more than just fantasy and romance.   The book is about Juliana Fortis, basically, a Chemist who used to work for the government as an interrogator and in the research section. Her job, as you can decipher from what she says, is one where she has to inject chemicals into the suspect's body and torture without causing physical marks until they confess their crimes. Not your ideal dream job, but she was pulled immediately out of college once the government learned her prowess and capabilities. The job has its own perks such as a huge salary and access to kick-ass equipment. These perks are balanced out by the fact that you will be killed if the government wants you dead (for reasons I couldn't understand).   Juliana is on the run after her fellow-scientist, Barnaby was killed. She keeps yapping about how Barnaby knew he was going to die and kept educating her with secrets to run away and survive. The first quarter of the book basically just talks about how Juliana keeps changing her identity and her skills of survival. Suffice to say I wasn't very impressed with the protagonist or Stephenie's writing. Stephenie has his habit of describing the most useless things to the finest detail and just flitting over things that actually matter. Thanks to this, I really couldn't understand most of the action scenes or the scenes where the actual plot comes into the picture. I had to reread them several times to understand what was going on.   After a couple of months/weeks of running, a fellow colleague, Carston contacts her, promising freedom in an exchange for one final assignment. She has to interrogate Daniel Beach, a History/English teacher who has mysterious financial records and is suspected of working with de la Fuentes, a drug-lord. Our smart-ass Mary Sue who cannot stop whining about her tiny frame and plain boyish looks manages to catch hold of Daniel and tortures him with her chemical-filled syringes only to find that she is torturing the wrong person. Daniel Beach has a badass twin called Kevin who's behind the whole drug thingie, but he's a good guy working for the CIA.   After this point, the book started moving really slowly with Kevin, Daniel, and Juliana (with her current name, Alex) running around and ending up at Kevin's safe house where he breeds and trains dogs.   I really had to push myself to read the book after this point. The book had so many parallels to Twilight with respect to the protagonists. Daniel was that irritating and unrealistic sweet guy who falls in love with Juliana even though she had tortured him and cannot seem to stay out of trouble. He loves ""Alex"" and follows her around like a puppy even after she warns him that she is trouble. He is dumb and stupid and finds the most number of creative ways to get them killed (even more than Bella!).   Like I said, their romance and PDA are dragged and explained to every excruciating detail and the parts where the plot falls into place are rushed.   ""...This experience didn't fit into the same category on any level. It was less an event and more an ongoing exploration of each other, a satisfaction of curiosity, a fascination over each little detail discovered. It wasn't about gratification, but there was no need that wasn't met, whether it was physical or something less definable.   She searched for the right word as they lay kissing quietly, patiently now, with the light turning red around the edges...""   This continues for about two chapters where our poor, inexperienced Alex gets kissed by the hot, sweet guy who loves her for what she is.   The book was frankly a drag and it is a feat I actually managed to finish it. The book would've been better if it were a little shorter (it was too damn long for the idea behind the plot), the ACTION more descriptive and the romance between Alex and Daniel more believable.   I loved Kevin and his dog, Einstein. Cool name for a dog, actually. As a final note, I notice that Stephenie still loves the words ""conspicuous"", ""inconspicuous"" and ""ostentatious"". It's an understatement to say that these words were overused throughout the book.   For more reviews..."
139.0	4.0	It was okay.   For what it IS, it's good. Very nostalgic for me, very teenagery, pretty sweet. It's a fun read and difficult to put down. I really did enjoy reading it, although I find it difficult to say why. Basically, it's been a guilty pleasure. The characters are kind of okay, although by the end they do get on my nerves a bit (especially the main character, who goes from being reasonably upset by things to just being ridiculous). There's too much going on in some places, not enough in others (why do we find out what happened to Matt only in a tiny note in the back of the book and not in the actual plot anywhere?)... I really liked the side characters, for the most part. The art is well done, and the story is cute.   So... what I'm trying to say is, it's not good literature, it's not even always a very well constructed story. But it is fun, and I do recommend it, especially if you like romance or have ever been to an anime convention.
708.0	1.0	Some very famous poems indeed! I did not enjoy this today, but it is worth keeping on the shelf for reference.
451.0	3.0	"I love Wonder Woman, I just didn't really enjoy this OGN. The art and storytelling felt very muddled and confusing, I only started to tell the difference between the trial and a flash back towards the second half of the story and towards the end, the line felt very blurred.   I also really didn't appreciate how, as soon as Etta Candy was introduced, her weight was used as a conversational crutch.   Examples:   ""what has man's world done to your bodies""   ""this girl is sick--her body mass grotesquely distorted. if man's world does this to a women--""   ""these are women of man's world? Deformed, shrunken, bloated, domesticated cattle.""   Like why. Once is enough to note the cultural differences but THREE TIMES? Especially when, I'm fairly certain, more women read Wonder Woman? I'm taking a stand against this because I do not need to feel shamed when I am reading a graphic novel."
75.0	2.0	Amadeo & Maladeo is a short graphic novel comparing two composers and the choices that they made in their lives. For Amadeo, born to privilege, the book showcases his hubris and attempts to live outside his means. Maladeo, on the other hand, manages to rise up from poverty and takes great joy in the simple things in life. It's a cute story, but the point is elementary at best, perhaps better aimed at younger readers. A more nuanced approach would have offered an more impactful story.
145.0	3.0	"Being trapped overnight in a museum rumored to be haunted makes for exciting gamebook possibilities, and R.L. Stine's Horrors of the Haunted Museum is good for a moment or two of paranormal intrigue. Ghosts, mummies, and other phantoms of the supernatural have been said for years to haunt the City Historical Museum, and you want to test the veracity of those stories. All it takes is a well-chosen hiding spot in the American Indian Room for you and your friend Mike, where the night watchman will pass you over without registering your presence when he closes the museum for the night, and you've got your free pass to an adventure you won't soon forget. The creepiness of an unlit museum filled with ancient artifacts of dark magic can't dampen your enthusiasm for the exploration that's about to come...but what happens when you hear heavy, dragging footsteps in this supposedly empty museum? Is there reason to worry now?   Fleeing your unseen pursuer, you can choose to duck into a few different areas of the museum, one of which is the Caribbean Pirates Room. Investigating a pirate ship that actually plundered all over the world's oceans seems a lot better than confronting whatever living thing you left behind in the other part of the museum, but this exhibit isn't as static as you initially perceive. Bad old Captain Johnny Poison himself, a heartless buccaneer given to waving long blades in others' faces to get what he wants, is as alive as ever, and he isn't happy with you. Whether you obey his orders or not makes a big difference in how far you enter this ghostly pirate fantasy, but either way your life is in danger, for pirates are greedy and not overflowing with pity for young ones, and an English navy tired of chasing pirates across the seven seas won't be disposed to believe you aren't one of Johnny Poison's lawless crew. You can hope to survive your battle with the swashbuckling enemy, but not much more than that; just escaping the terrifying fantasy back to reality has to be counted a win, even if you end up in trouble with the night watchman as prelude to him sending you home. At least you're alive, and it's all too easy not to end up that way when you reach an ending in this book.   Choosing the Egyptian Mummy Room proves no less harrowing than your pirate adventure. Now you have to worry about Ancient Egyptian curses and the mummies they have the power to resurrect, and your odds of survival are less than favorable. Getting lost in the pyramid exhibit can leave you wandering its musty tunnels forever, and if you enter the wrong room, be prepared to tangle with the bandaged behemoth pictured on the book's cover. The mummy has powers you aren't prepared for and haven't anywhere near the knowledge to ward off, and he won't easily let you and Mike leave with your brains intact. The rumors of this museum being haunted are true, all right, and even if you find a chest of priceless Egyptian gold, the curse will keep you from capitalizing on it. As with your escapades in the Caribbean Pirates Room, just focus on getting out of the Egyptian Mummy Room alive, and you'll have made out better than most. The secrets behind the City Historical Museum's hauntedness remain a mystery no matter what you do, but if you encounter some of the facility's terrors and are lucky enough to make it back to your regular life afterward, then you've done a good job. Count your blessings and maybe--just maybe--consider going back in for another read, though you definitely aren't guaranteed to come out alive a second time.   The Twistaplot series is written by an assortment of authors, so one shouldn't come to ironclad conclusions about its style and merit from just one book. Horrors of the Haunted Museum was penned by legendary kid-lit horror writer R.L. Stine, and feels a lot like his later interactive series, Give Yourself Goosebumps. There are some twist endings, including a theme in the Caribbean Pirates Room of things happening to noticeably change the makeup of the exhibit. When you and Mike return to reality and agree your adventure must have been a dream, you're surprised to see that the pirate exhibit has changed in accordance with the ""fantasy"" you just experienced. I kind of like one ending you can get to from the Egyptian Mummy Room, where your mother finds you and scolds you to never ""pull a stunt like this again!"" The narrative goes on to say, ""You'll never pull a stunt like this again--will you? At least, not until the next time you open this book!"", reminiscent of some Give Yourself Goosebumps endings. When you're wandering in the pyramid, you really can get lost forever in a three-page loop; once you realize the trap you've fallen into, it's up to you how long you want to keep circling through the neverending maze before giving up and turning back to a previous decision. Probably my favorite ending is when your actions reveal Captain Johnny Poison to be a ghost. The ribald pirate is ashamed to have anyone know the truth, but you think of a way to placate him that leaves everyone with a relatively satisfactory ending.   Gameplay is only slightly more complex than a typical Choose Your Own Adventure entry, with one or two luck-based choice junctures added to make things interesting. Internal plot consistency is virtually nonexistent in Horrors of the Haunted Museum, so don't rely much on what you've learned from following other story paths to guide your next decision. The City Historical Museum is a nutty, ever-changing place, and you're a little nutty for deciding to spend the night there. You probably wouldn't have agreed to your friends' dare if you knew there was not a single totally positive ending to be found, no matter how intelligently you navigate the gamebook. I had some fun with Horrors of the Haunted Museum, however, and I think R.L. Stine fans will want to take a look. I might consider giving it one and a half stars."
419.0	2.0	Edit like a year later- thinking back, this book is nowhere near a 4.5 for me. Amy actions in the last half of this book really bothered me. Can't do it.   Original review - 4.5 stars I think. I adored this book and these characters to pieces, but there's just something keeping me from giving it a full five stars. That being said, I still really liked the plot and I would definitely recommend this book to fans of Rainbow Rowell. So cute.
699.0	3.0	I liked this book in the beginning but I slowly grew to hating it. There was a lot of unnecessary depth and no character development (especially the villain Denny). The main character Cassandra Neary is impossible to like and her annoying qualities made this book drag on and on...
706.0	2.0	I didn't enjoy this as much as I thought I would. I think Cynthia Lord's Rules handles a very similar topic (though that brother has Autism, not Down's) in a much more relatable way. I would recommend that book over this one to my students.
124.0	2.0	Not my favorite book.   This story was slow to develop, character development was weak, story line just never seem to come together. It was pushed as an funny, charming story, but I never found it amusing at any time.
15.0	1.0	Charlotte Bronte solving murders is an insult to a wonderful writer.
883.0	1.0	Not able to stay focused didn't keep my attention well.
474.0	3.0	"2 1/2 stars. This book could easily have been two or even three books. The story starts with a single mother being found dead at the bottom of a river, and we find out that earlier in the summer a young woman met the same fate in the so-called ""Drowning Pool."" Everyone in town seems to be connected in one way or another, and there were far too many characters and story lines to keep track of, even when I kept notes. I rushed through the last half of the book to find out what happened at the end, but by that point I wasn't invested in any of the characters or their stories and just wanted to finish the book."
630.0	2.0	I absolutely adore Huxley but I find his writing very clinical. Which works well in his writing but not when reviewing poetry. A great collection of poems to which Huxley I feel gives many unfair remarks.
412.0	4.0	Polly Peabody lives on a farm where the rhubarb taste like chocolate and fixes the hole in the ozone layer, where you can't drown in the lake no matter what, where bugs and plants talk to her and where it rains every Monday at exactly 1 o'clock. Until the Monday it doesn't rain and things start to fall apart. Her brother Freddy gets sick, her aunt wants to sell the farm, all the plants start to wilt and die from lack of rain, and funding for the farm dries up just like the rain.   I think this book could have been much better if the magical/fantasy portions of it had been left out or at least toned down. They didn't seem to make a lot of sense and they took away from what I thought was the true point of the story...Polly's journey of self-discovery, learning who she is and what she is really capable of. I am seriously you have talking plants, bugs that spell, spiders that talk, magic tasting rhubarb, magic rain...but only on this one farm in what is otherwise our normal world. It really didn't make sense and there was no adequate explanation for it. I would have been ok with the magical abilities of the women in the family. That could have been explained by genetic mutation, which is touched on in the book. But it doesn't explain the rest of it. Aside from the absurd magic stuff the rest of the plot was a decent coming of age story. Polly grows up quite a bit in the book. She learns a lot about herself and those around her. It could have used a bit of editing for both content and size...there were errors and it was too long/too much filler.   This is a 2012-13 Missouri Mark Twain Award Nominee.
97.0	2.0	This is veeeeeery Tumblr.   I just don't know if what I just read was poetry or just sentences broken up with no punctuation?   I appreciate the ideas she was conveying but I just felt like this poetry was trying too hard to be profound and raw and actually was pretty simplistic.
973.0	1.0	2015 Storytime Theme: Froggy
394.0	4.0	To be honest I think the author didn't know how to end the series. Firstly, the first two books made me so freaking curious about Thomas's past and in the end he didn't get his memory back so I still have no idea about his past or the origins of Wicked . I feel like Dashner is dangling the promise of Thomas's lost memory like a carrot so we would continue reading. I wished he answered some of my questions though - I seriously thought Thomas would get his memory back I wanted to know more about the construction of the maze and the kill zone and everything . Secondly, the ending sucked. The letter from Chancellor Paige was a deus ex machina (yeah there's an island paradise somewhere not overrun with zombie like monsters conveniently available for the munies). Dasher was clearly stuck on how to end the book. I honestly expected more people to die (I was bracing myself for Minho's death). Thirdly, I didn't expect the book to go the way it did. Suddenly Teresa didn't matter as much and Brenda became the heroine *confusion*. Also, suddenly Gally is the good guy? And I seriously find it hard to believe that governments aren't executing all the Cranks (I mean come on they're not that desperate yet? Really Dashner? The flare is practically driving humans to extinction executing them seems like a fast and easy way to get rid of crazy Cranks who are hurting or even eating the uninfected it seems to me it's safer to kill those way past gone). I read the whole series and ended up with a ton of unanswered question Some insight on how the variables work would be nice. What about letting us know the memories of the Gladers?(I don't get why Thomas don't want his memories back seriously its so annoying) , there better be another book explaining everything.
497.0	3.0	The first time I read this book I liked it because it made me feel like a kid again. I don't know how many times I've read it since then but, the more I do, the less I like it. I guess it's impossible to separate the book from the hype now and I can't help but be affected by that. But, even with that in mind, Twilight isn't exactly well written. I found myself reading it critically this time, for the first time, and being disappointed. I almost didn't make it all the way through this time.
127.0	1.0	Occasional moments of brilliance amidst a hell of a lot of confusion.
142.0	1.0	I don't particularly like the art but it's a reasonably interesting story.
151.0	2.0	"So I ""read"" this as an Audiobook. A friend lent it to me to listen to while I drove the 6 plus hours (12 round trip) road trip to New Orleans for work. This was a good road trip book, as there are points when driving where you lose track of anything but the road. This book is lite fiction so ""missing"" bits does not really cause you to miss the plot details. Okay book - good road trip book"
869.0	1.0	I can't get into this book. Not sure if there are picture to go with this because I was listening to a an audio version. Maybe I was not in the right mood.... I usually give books a little more time before I call the quits, but what can you say...
209.0	2.0	I was drawn to this book because of the author, Mary Stewart. In my younger years, I was obsessed with anything about King Arthur, and Mary Stewart's The Crystal Cave is by far the very best novel I've ever read regarding the subject. I've enjoyed some of her other books as well, particularly Nine Coaches Waiting and Madam, Will You Talk? Airs Above the Ground takes place primarily in Austria,where the main character, Vanessa, has traveled with a young companion to look into some mysterious circumstances regarding her husband. The mystery soon shifts into some peculiar dealings with a traveling circus and a stolen white Lipizzan stallion from Vienna. As usual, Mary Stewart really did her research, as the story is very detail oriented and believable. I only gave it two stars because it didn't hold my attention as well as the other novels I've read by her.
613.0	2.0	Anna's boyfriend is only with her out of guilt from an accident that he couldn't save her from. Finally she decides to move on, but not after you spend too much time trying to find out why you're reading it in the first place.
307.0	2.0	The least of Pelacanos' books. Very empty, like an attempt to write a more mainstream book. Even the constant specificity of the DC references seemed off and empty.
454.0	1.0	so this series was ok. IT could have been better but it seemed to be set up to be a short triangle which made it Blah. the plot was rushed. I almost didn't finish it after the second chapter but. i don't like leaving things unfinished.
61.0	2.0	This was a true crime novel about this woman who put bleach in the dialysis machines of patients and killed many of them. Good book but not great.
108.0	1.0	Too abstract for my taste; the language left me unmoved.
527.0	2.0	I feel like I should have liked this book, and I wanted to like it, but it just never happened for me. Everything about it just seemed so overwrought. I'm a lover of literature, but the constant allusions and references to pieces of literature we're exhausting and confusing. Overall, the book left me feeling cold. I didn't feel sympathetic or even care about any of the characters. Maybe that was the point, I'm not sure. I wouldn't begrudge anyone for enjoying Fun Home, but I can't call myself a fan.
318.0	2.0	Another original work. But I don't like feeling the author is playing a trick on me when I'm reading something. I did like the definitions, though...sort of an Ambrose Bierce approach, though not satirical, just opneing up another view to images and concepts.
495.0	3.0	I'm a big fan of The Beatles and specifically John Lennon but this collection of nonsense rhyme and prose is self-indulgent and dated.   For example, it's not really acceptable to take pleasure in a story where the protagonist 'lept off the bus like a burning spastic' following an argument with a 'coloured conductor'. I wouldn't judge Lennon as his writing reflects how society was at the time, however, I do judge the work in itself.   Lennon is quite talented in his word play and use of puns - and I enjoyed some of the poetry where the rhythm and rhyme provided some structure to his wordplay (This is what gets the book two stars). Sadly, without this structure, much of the prose becomes overly stylised and it is difficult to decipher if there's actually a point behind the work.   I'm sure that, at the time of release, it helped to show that Lennon was a little different to some of the other performers releasing music at the time. Now, we're only too aware of who Lennon became - the fact that this book exists is all part of that, but I'm not sure it's worth reading.   I'll probably keep it though - as a collectible thing.
825.0	1.0	The only thing going for this is the pictures... which are worth looking at, but the story is sort of blah.
166.0	3.0	Started this collection of memoirs with good intentions, a kind heart and high expectations. I can understand why Rupi Kaur is a popular figure, but not why she is considered a brilliant poet. Her poems are associative and derivative, but not very lyrical. I stumbled upon a review in which someone claimed that the book is for 'people who have never read poetry outside of school' and I have to admit that this is very close to my truth. Some of the poems felt like basic sentences my mother would orate while baking a lemon pie and telling me how she once suffered the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. Other poems proclaim a feminist message that I literally have heard a million times. This collection of poems is simplistic, short and at times even the stamp of 'free verse' cannot be applied.   In the same genre, I would highly recommend Idiot Verse by Keaton Henson. (Artful, skilled and more satisfying)
377.0	1.0	1/4 of an apple is not enough to satisfy a bear. Dumb.
422.0	1.0	"I don't remember when I read this book but ugh this book was not very good. It can be categorized as the ""post Book 3 of the Maximum Ride series slump"".   AVOID AVOID AVOID."
907.0	1.0	Not really my thing, but it wasn't terrible. Some if the dialogue was laughable, however that is definitely to do with the characters. I liked the idea of it--it just wasn't really for me.
195.0	4.0	Review also posted at Ja citam, a ti?   I don't know for you, but back when I was a kid Aladdin was a huge hit. It brought us a piece of orient that for me, till then, was an unknown part of the world. Now years later I got familiar with it and while I hoped that A Whole New World would add more to my knowledge of it, sadly I cannot say it happened.   What the blurb promises you is a dark version of Aladdin and it certainly delivers. This is much, much darker version of it. There still is Aladdin and Genie and Jafar and all the characters that you've already had a chance to meet years ago only non of them are what they seemed. Better said they all were just a shadows of previous selves. It seemed to me like there wasn't really any effort to develop and create some new sides of them. They all were really plain. Aladdin is just your typical character, one dimensional and plain boring. But I could live with that I guess, if it wasn't for Genie. Remember that big, blue guy whose witty comebacks made you giggle in front of the TV, well he is not here. And that disappointed me the most.   This book still has some unexpected twist, I will give it that. It's a really interesting idea and this idea could be really nicely done and maybe will be somewhere else. But not here. Everything just sort of happened, without any feelings or my involvement in any part of it. It was action packed so you go through it pretty fast, but in all honesty you'll forget it even faster.   Basically, interesting idea and good promise, but really bad realization.
924.0	2.0	I don't think I really evaluated this book comparatively to other stories I've read. Of course I have seen multiple version of Alice in Wonderland in movies. I recently started a series, a retelling of Alice in Wonderland, by Jace Cameron. And I had strange thought, I had never actually read the classic. Lewis Carroll did a wonderful job writing this book. I don't deny this fact. And its truly a children's story. But it felt like Lewis Carroll was trying to make a very long riddle. And quite frankly I'm not any good at riddles. Because what he was saying was equally clear and unclear. You have to be genius to do this. I have no other way of explaining it. This was just not my type of story.
948.0	3.0	There's just too much preaching in this for me to continue to read it with any kind of enjoyment. Pity 'cause some of the surreal imagery is wonderful.
654.0	3.0	I'm not going to lie just because this is a classic. I found this book boring. The monotony was only broken up by occasional blood and guts, which I did not enjoy either. Just because Homer was one of the few literate people of his time does not mean he was a good writer. Most modern literature is much better.
870.0	3.0	I wanted to like this book, I really really did. But there was something about it that just... wasn't for my taste. There were too many things that I couldn't really see the purpose of. The beginning was too slow. It was somehow reppetitive. I did not like the main character and didn't really see any development of the side characters. I couldn't even set them apart. I didn't like the setting, I didn't care about the story.   I can't say that I hated this book, no. I just had to forse myself to finish it and I hate when that happens.   I don't really have any wish to continue on with the series, but I'll probably try reading the Seven Realms before making my final decision about the writer.
781.0	3.0	"I think every series has a ""transition book""... a book that must happen to set up the next book and Flesh and Bone was the transition book of this series. Slow and scattered with disposable characters, this episode disappointed me. I was mourning Tom immensely and the ghost of Tom was just a tease.   I think this book had to take place to finish this story- now we know where the jet is and what is left of the United States. We have a new bad guy who will be the foe in the last book and we have an understanding of the zoms. I really missed the zombie action- there was none in this one compared to the other books. The characters didn't seem to connect with one another as the book was written in alternating chapters and they were really never together except for the 1st chapter.   I am excited for the final chapter of Benny's story-- I just hope it lives up to my expectations."
539.0	2.0	"so, i'm thinking i really DISLIKED ""the secret garden"" (the book) it was really boring and irritating, and i though Colin was just so full of himself! ugh! i know this book is a classic and all, but it just bugged me to no end. i really did like the part how the author discussed ""magic"" as being something that could go by many other names though.... did anyone else not like this book?"
652.0	1.0	This book was so awkward...
51.0	1.0	There were a few gems in here, but most of them weren't that great.
321.0	3.0	I can see the merits of this book, or understand them at least. For me personally, I like to read for pleasure, and even though this was a book I read in a doctoral ya lit class, I hated every second of it. It was uncomfortable and very strange. I have heard it said that books like this can help those who suffer from similar disabilities (anorexia in this case) to find their way, where I see it possibly giving teens ideas to descend further into madness.
130.0	3.0	I don't really like any of the characters, and despite the premise being intriguing and the main characters being given some interesting details, they just never come across as true. It's a shame, because if more time was spent on developing the characters' full personalities and expanding their world, instead of just giving details into what they wore and where they shopped, this could actually be a good book. Instead, we've got a book of 5 female characters who have no values beyond looks, money, and being popular.   But I read it so I get to count it for my Goodreads Challenge.
954.0	2.0	The most hyped up book EVER, not what I was expecting at all. Boring, irritating, pointless, and tons of horrible fanfiction.   But it wasn't all bad, there were some good chapters, and funny scenes, especially Reagan's, But overall it was boring as hell, and I was VERY disappointment.
268.0	2.0	"A taciturn blend of Carroll's ""The Basketball Diaries"" and Vlautin's ""The Motel Life,"" ""Motel Chronicles"" fittingly falls in the middle of my respective ratings of those books.   WARNING! The following message is shamelessly self-promotional.   Read my review of ""The Basketball Diaries"" here: https://www.goodreads.com/review/show... and my review of ""The Motel Life"" here: https://www.goodreads.com/review/show.... JUST DO IT!"
733.0	4.0	"An easy reading, possibly too easy: I found the ""diary"" style account of happenings extremely boring: Rachel, Anna, Megan and repeat. A path to boredom, events shaping it with insufferable neatness. Mysteries should never be dissected by authors with surgical precision; it deprives the readers of the pleasure to do it themselves.   Neither should they set the pace to the climax too much alike that of a daily commute by train: red signal, green again, next stop telltale. Predictable and terribly unimaginative.   Climax points should take readers by surprise, but by the first Megan's ""diary"" account I knew who was the baddie: page 38 only and I could bet on it. I was right, which pretty much sums up how vapid the plot is.   I am not sure I want to add more to this brief review; what good it is, to dissect myself the plot to expose its many, disappointing, flaws?"
278.0	2.0	I read this because it was marked on Overdrive as the Big Library Read. It was dreadful. I hated reading it.
612.0	1.0	Hated this!! Not because of the movie, just because it was stupid. Reader just made a bad story worse.
476.0	1.0	I read this to a group of 2nd graders. I think it was too abstract--they thought his problem related to the wind pushing the umbrella opened (in the illustration).
196.0	3.0	Camp Dakota is often bathed in fog, late at night and early in the morning, and some of the campers spread the rumor that there is a Fog Zombie prowling the premises, moving through the area and moaning as it searches for brains. Naturally, they dismiss the rumors, but when they find clues that seem to point them to the zombie's lair, they find more--or less--than they bargained for. The book is filled with science experiments that middle graders will enjoy conducting. This is more of a series of science lessons hidden inside a thin story since readers hardly get to know the characters, but still, it will find an audience, if only for those nifty experiments that require items available in every household.
178.0	2.0	Let's be honest and just say that if Jodi Picoult wasn't a part of this, Between the Lines would not have gotten picked up. Sorry but that is the truth. The writing is just not that good. Also I found the book rather boring. While the concept was great the execution was off. Way off.
326.0	3.0	**incomplete **   why, oh why did i spend so much time reading these bloody novels? 'i just don't get it. they nearly made me wish i couldn't read. they're poorly written, uneveningly plotted and badly in need of an editor (i now know far too much about the sweedish security services than is normal for anyone to know) and I just don't get the cult of salander thing either. feminist hero to save woman-kind?- nah, just some violent chick who's had some shit happen to her - get in line sister. i dare say the n.
201.0	5.0	"I'm sorry to say that ""How Many Letters Are in Goodbye"" just didn't really come together for me.   The premise is brave (and fantastic) - so many young adult books deal with LGBTQ characters and their struggles, but I don't think I've heard of any that deal with the very real problem of homeless youth - ESPECIALLY the epidemic homelessness among LGBTQ youth.   Rhea's life is choc-a-block with issues: her sexuality, her mother who died when she was just a baby, losing her father recently, losing her arm as a child - it's really a lot to take in. I don't think it's too much, though; it's silly to suggest that a gay or disabled teen won't have other problems too.   I think the problem comes in that these elements of her identity aren't allowed to form part of her identity. Her mourning of her mother really seems to be the only aspect of her identity that gets a lot of attention, and I don't think that's fair, because it makes all the other things - sexuality and disability - seem like tokens. Diversity: good. Tokenage: bad.   Although it doesn't make a book good or bad, Rhea REALLY annoyed me. She was really immature and a bit of a brat (not in the spoilt sense). The good bit is that she shows real growth (albeit to the end of her story), which rounds her character more.   I enjoy epistolary novels, I just can't help feeling that this one just did not quite work. Maybe a first-person narrative with the letters interspersed would have worked better.   Also, the voices of Rhea, Aunt Ruth, and Rhea's mom all sound the same in their letters, and that detracts from the style.   I think ultimately all of these are things that could have been overlooked if I felt a connection to any of the characters, but I really did not. I struggled to identify with them: I felt like something was missing, like I was being held at arm's length, close enough to see but not close enough to understand.   A valiant effort, but definitely missing something.   I received an eARC of this book in exchange for an honest review/"
640.0	2.0	Most of this poetry is pretty inaccessible. Sure, there's some beauty in it, but it's just not really my cup of tea.
401.0	3.0	This book was not at all what I expected it to be. Maybe that's my own fault.   I'm not a huge fan of the Disney Jungle Book story as it is, but it was disappointing to learn that other than characters, there is almost nothing similar between this book and the movie. Mowgli is a brat. Baloo is barely around. There are no signs of the elephants.   [And the kill Shere Khan!!!]   Then the book randomly switches to other stories and characters with absolutely nothing to do with the jungle. Seriously what was with the White Seal? That was just weird. Rikki-Tikki-Tavi was okay of a story, but kind of... dull. And the last story with all the animals discussing how they are trained into obedience was TERRIBLE.   Anyways, I'm giving this one extra star because the artwork by MinaLima was gorgeous and made the book tolerable.
960.0	3.0	I like the cover, the setting (the Sybilline Mountains National Park in Italy), and the fact that it is a new series featuring a park ranger.   That said, I hoped the plot would include more about wolves and less about organized crime. I usually avoid books that are heavy on mafia-like organizations, but the park ranger and the wolves led me give this one a try.   My favorite character was a minor one; a kleptomaniac. If you enjoy reading about organized crime, you will probably like this better than I did.   Read in December. Blog post scheduled for March 14.   NetGalley/Severn House   Mystery/Crime. April 1, 2015. 192 pages.
291.0	4.0	Seventeen-year-old Ruby Rose decides to avenge her father's murder by going after the rapists, murderers, and other scum who he wasn't able to put away, even if that means killing the dirtbags in self defense. Among the cast of supporting characters in this YA novel: the love interest, the best friend, the too-busy mom, and the trusty therapist.   Debut writer Jessie Humphries might have never met an adjective or adverb she hasn't abused in KILLING RUBY ROSE. She seems to be trying way too hard to create clever dialogue, and some of it is quite unique and enjoyable, but the word overkill comes to mind, no pun intended. Aside from the heavy handed writing and overuse of metaphors, there are sentences, even paragraphs that are pleasing to read. As a narrator, Ruby is much too insightful for her age, though she lacks maturity and common sense as she makes one extraordinarily bad decision after another. She doesn't seem to grow as a character throughout the book and while she does appear remorseful for taking lives, she continues to put herself in dangerous situations and to keep viral information from authorities.   I think some teens will enjoy this novel as Ruby is a unique, albeit implausible character.
757.0	3.0	You know those cheesy, guilty pleasure murder mysteries you pick up at a yard sale for a quarter? The ones that are essentially the same book over and over again, but are fun and a nice reprieve from everyday life? Bradstreet Gate by Robin Kirman had all the qualities of those books, yet it lacked one key element: intrigue. It was so mind-blowingly dull that you weren't flying through the pages because you wanted to solve the mystery - you kept reading because you just wanted it to end.   Bradstreet Gate follows three Harvard freshman as they arrive on campus, eager to begin their collegiate careers. Right before graduation, a fellow classmate is found murdered, and a charming professor is strongly suspected of the crime.   Sound vaguely familiar? The plot is eerily similar to Donna Tartt's The Secret History, only not as beautifully written or suspenseful. I wasn't even the greatest fan of The Secret History (I gave it three out of five stars, I believe), but I can still recognize a good book when I read it. Bradstreet Gate was definitely not one of those books.   I'm a reader who actually likes novels with characters that I don't particularly like (Lionel Shriver's We Need to Talk about Kevin, is a good example,) but I at least have to be moderately interested in them. The three main characters in Bradstreet Gate (Georgia, Charlie, and Alice) were mere caricatures - cliche characters with little to no depth.   Certain themes in this novel appeared to be thrown in just for the heck of it: unrequited love, a steamy love affair between a student and a professor, and snooty rich kids. Under the right author's guidance, these elements can work well in a story. They just didn't work here.   Overall, I gave Bradstreet Gate one star - primarily because for the entirety of the novel, I was bored to tears. Guess I'll be sticking to my standard murder mysteries for the time being.   **I was sent this book by Blogging For Books for an honest review.**
648.0	2.0	Vampires in the hood, drugs and turf wars. I agree with readers that say this book was too much like the last. Also more strategic use of action and dialog might work better. Basically, Joe Pitt is played by everyone especially Terry Bird. Not sure if I will read book 3. At least with Laurell Hamilton there is some hot sex, which this book could have used.
452.0	4.0	"You've read this novel before. Cliche ridden cop tropes and ridiculous dialogue riddle this story that tries to tie together a cops love life with her investigation of a terrifying serial killer who disguises his murders as mere ""confidence schemes.""   NYPD Kat Donovan lives in the shadows of her father's murder and the break up with her fiance a scant 18 years ago. A friend sets her up with a profile on an online dating service to help Kat get back in the game. Of course, scrolling through the profiles, Kat finds her former fiance but his name is changed.   Caught in the turmoil of her old love life Kat still wants to find the truth about her father's murder at the hands of a hit-man. As she digs deeper into the loose ends of her fathers death she is visited by an eighteen year old college student whose mother is missing. The last time she was seen was with a man she had just met on the same dating site Kat recently started visiting.   Needless to say these events attempt to merge together to form a page turning mystery that keeps you guessing until the end. Unfortunately Coben tries to delve into the world of cross-dressing yoga instructors and psychopathic murderers. The characters are hollow, cliche and predictable. Coben does create one memorable scene at the beginning of the novel when a man wakes up buried in a box. Anyone with claustrophobia issues will cringe reading this chapter, creeeeepy. Unfortunately Coben leaves that feeling of confinement and forces us to endure pages of explanation to how the serial killer scam works, it reads like a instruction manual for a wireless printer.   It will be a while before I put a Coben novel back into my too read stack. Too many other good books out there!"
79.0	2.0	A bunch of one-shots, that should work, but somehow don't. Some things are so great, Andrew's herd rant and Vampy Cat, but some things are so flat, Simone (seriously, so boring), Kennedy...
455.0	1.0	This is a funny, hilarious quite odd comedy that luckily isn't taking itself too seriously or at all for that matter
193.0	3.0	That's it? Out of Rainbow Rowell's books, this has the plot with the least appeal to me. But I still gave it a chance and I just didn't dig it like everyone else does.   1. I wasn't over the moon for the main characters. If anything, they annoyed me about half of the time and the other half I was kind of 'meh'. But I did feel sympathetic for Eleanor.   2. I thought the pacing was pretty good and the plot was really focused.   3. Even though I didn't find the writing stylistically distinctive, I did find myself wanting to know more even though I didn't care much for the story. Rowell definitely has story-telling ability.   Overall I thought it was an okay story, but the story-telling really stood out to me and bumped it up a star.
885.0	3.0	You can read the full review over at The Founding Fields:   http://thefoundingfields.com/2013/09/...   The fourth chapter is Uncanny X-Men #12 by Bendis. Unlike the previous three issues, this one is nowhere near as good. Part of the reason is that this is all talk , talk, talk, talk. There is very little actual plot progression or character development. In a word, this was all filler, and not a good filler either. We see some long conversations between all the characters as events all get summarized so that everyone is on the same page, the creators and the readers that is. And the issue doesn't end all that well either, since all the positive portrayals of Emma Frost go out the window with that cliffhanger. Another case of characters acting... silly.   The final chapter is Wolverine and the X-Men #36 by Jason Aaron. And I gotta say that this was a fabulous issue, easily the best in the event so far. The overall event story moves through fast here, in a great contrast to the previous issue, which was just bogged down by all the redtape of talk, talk, talk. And we also see some great moments, thanks to the wonderful art. If I had to single out, I'd single out the psychic battle between Jean Grey of the future and Emma Frost of the present, alongwith her kids. This entire sequence plays out really well, especially as a visual, and I was thoroughly hooked on all that happening.   Of course, where the art is concerned, there are far too many artists to mention here. They all do a fairly good job, but as is the way of things, there are some wild inconsistencies with how several of the characters are drawn. The visual portrayal of Kitty Pryde, Rachel, past Jean Grey and several other characters didn't stay consistent from issue to issue. Penciller David Lopez, who took over on X-Men from Olivier Coipel in issue #4, himself lends to the inconsistencies since his Kitty and Storm and Rachel look quite a bit different here. I kind of really miss Coipel on this series. And in the fourth chapter, penciller Chris Bachalo does a really weird thing where, when on Cyclops' base, he draws some of the characters as if through a distortion effect. That was really weird. It stood out and it didn't really make any seen.
658.0	1.0	Poetry about twins
535.0	1.0	So hard to rate.   Still reading. Can't put them down, but I also am not sure how much I love them. When I'm done with these, I may re-read them more slowly. I think I'm reading them too much like television, and maybe I should be dwelling more on each image.
63.0	3.0	"There is a scene in Casablanca between the head of police, Louie, and the nightclub owner, Rick.   ""Why CASABLANCA?'   'I came here for the waters.'   'The waters? What waters? We're in the desert.'   'I was misinformed.'""   I came to A Bad Day for Scandal for a mystery by an author, Sophie Littlefield, who has won or been nominated for many of the highest awards for mystery writers: The Edgar, Anthony, Crimespree...etc.   I did so having read some favorable comments by Marilyn Stasio in the NY Times. I was misinformed. For me, this story of rural Missouri fixer, Stella Hardesty, didn't make it.   Stella is Littlefield's go to woman in a series of books based on the premise that a woman may need some help extricating herself from an abusive relationship. Stella had to do so with her own husband, and now she helps others in need. She runs a little sewing machine shop in Prosper, Missouri, but can't often be found there. Her life is taken up with the challenges and traumas of a middle-age widow. ""Another entire year had passed without her getting laid. Her daughter seemed headed for an epic heartbreak. She could barely afford to keep Johnnie (Walker) in the cupboard, much less fix everything that was broken around the house.""   Much of her time is apparently spent responding to emergencies from abused women. Stella either finds forceful techniques to get these men to mend their ways, or finds ways to remove said men from any opportunity to abuse. Yes, this is justice outside the law. Everyone in Prosper seems to know about this second vocation. And this poses a lot of problems including her romance with local sheriff, ""Goat"" Jones.   In this story, Stella turns down a job only to find that bodies are missing or popping up all around Prosper with a connection to her. She has to find the reasons for that, and, would you believe, it might be tied to a male escort service? There are no great insights and minimal character development for less than three dimensional characters. The read is fast-paced and our heroine is left ready for the next adventure.   Some will find this excellent beach reading. They will likely have one or two Janet Evonovich books near it in the beach bag. Enjoy"
43.0	2.0	Issues 13-14 are one story   These two issues are an attempt to have the Mane Six go on a pirate adventure. I didn't find it that interesting and the art is a little weird.
304.0	3.0	"The conclusion to the series, For the Duration, highlights the determination and patriotism Americans felt as World War II got underway. Tomie doesn't completely understand what ""for the duration"" means, but he knows he wants to do his part. Unfortunately, though, this book leaves many things unresolved. Specifically, Tomie begins to be bullied by his older brother and there is no explanation of how this situation ultimately turns out. It feels like there could easily have been 8 more books following this one, and the ending came too soon for me, and felt too abrupt.   Though the writing seems to become a bit more sloppy in the latter books, this entire series is a perfect way to help today's kids understand what it was like to live in the US in 1941 and 1942, and how things changed day by day in the early days of the war. Highly recommended for grades two and three."
853.0	2.0	This was a book club read and I didn't like it much. Perhaps it was just too juvenile, or maybe I just didn't find the plot very interesting - I'm not sure.   It was well written and the different pint of view chapters worked well to form the whole which is why Im' giving it the 2 stars, but this wasn't one for me.
840.0	3.0	"I'm disappointed more than anything about this book - it started well and reminded me of Shirley Jackson's 'Haunting of Hill House'. Setting the scene we have a scientist trying to prove a link between 'hauntings' and science, a Christian medium and the lone survivor of the last attempt to rid 'Hell House' of the perverted apparitions which haunt it. The ghosts who haunt the house seem nothing compared to the goings on of the owner of the house when he was alive:   ""He started what he termed 'Days of Defilement,' twenty-four-hour periods of frenzied, nonstop depravities. He attempted a literal enactment of de Sade's 120 Days of Sodom.""   The problem is that the book plods along as soon as the hauntings begin, with the characters sharings if's and but's without really getting anywhere. They continue to stay in the house as the action escalates where no sane person would spend a night, regardless of whether money was involved. Once the point is actually arrived at, it all descends into a 'Scooby Doo' style ending where the 'baddie' reveals the truth before killing off the 'goodies'.   Hmm. Not what I was expecting at all."
359.0	3.0	This book was BAD.   The plot was boring, like really really boring, the loses-focus-after-two-pages kind of boring. I tried so hard to like this book, but I just couldn't. To me, it's a shame that The Death Cure ever got written because I find it to be a disgrace to the two previous books.   I can't put my finger on exactly what it was that made me dislike this book so much, but the fact that I had a hard time staying focused even during the last ten pages says a lot. The writing definitely isn't the problem; it's okay, a bit repetitive, but not bad. I'd say that the main problem is the uninteresting plot. The characters and events made very little sense to me, and I couldn't bring myself to care about the fate of any of the characters. Sorry James Dashner, but The Death Cure was quite horrible.
84.0	2.0	I saw this book at a thrift store & just had to have it. Leornard Nimoy, poet!   Turns out he's a really bad poet. After a Google search, I found out that he's also a musician (yikes!) & photographer (not so bad).
929.0	1.0	Pretty unnecessary story arc
282.0	3.0	So disappointing. Fisher's illustrations are cartoony and I wanted more like Chesley Bonestell. Livingston's poems are more like shaped text; I couldn't even get music out of them if I read them aloud. No new information, either. Boring. Teachers and home-school parents will be drawn to it, especially, if like me, they have an appreciation for some other works by Livingston... but I urge them to not be fooled by the wonderful potential of the concept, only to have to admit the work is actually a fail.
810.0	1.0	Felt like a bunch of Tumblr posts rolled into a book.
921.0	2.0	A Stretch   I liked the premise of a family of spies. The plot concept was enticing, but then the progression of one far-fetched assumption to the next was too much to be believable for me.
152.0	3.0	I checked this book out from my local library, hoping to be scared and enjoy a little more knowledge from the Dead Space universe. Instead, I got a clumpy collection of comics that offer up a bit of bland, unexciting banter, some Unitology theology, and a little glimpse of the world. I didn't care anything about any of the characters, nor was the plot that interesting. The artwork was dark and fit the story great, which is the only reason I gave this book 2 stars.
159.0	4.0	I received this book from the author in exchange for an honest review. This in no way influenced my review.   Maybe it is just because I am an adult and this book was written for a middle grade audience, but I did not enjoy this book as much as I thought that I would. Overall, I found that the plot was simplistic and sometimes filled with unrealistic twists. The conclusion to the book left me unsatisfied. Although the book is written for a younger audience, it often had implied foul words; it used symbols or replacement words instead of saying the actual foul word. I do not find this appropriate for anyone, much less a young audience. There were also derogatory jokes towards stereotypical school groups, such as cheerleaders being brainless before they were turned into zombies.   Overall, I just did not find the book satisfying. Many minor plot lines were left unfinished and the characters were not very developed. If you enjoy humorous books with cheesy humor, this may be the book for you. This is just not the genre that I typically read, so I found that the book was not for me.
965.0	3.0	Not sure why I'm still reading this series other than the fact that I just want to know if Jake ever climbs out of the closet. The mystery side of things seems forced and a bit trite. The conspiracy stuff.... meh.
385.0	4.0	"Although I didn't really enjoy the first book in the series, when I was casting around for something to listen to at the start of 2017 I decided I might as well give this book a go. I'm glad I did. I found the second instalment of the Maggie Hope Mysteries much more enjoyable than the first. The plot was much more interesting and it kept up a good pace throughout. I also enjoyed the fact that the ""villains"" (such as they were) were quite diverse in their motivations and personalities; I ended up feeling quite sorry for one of them, and was pleasantly surprised to find reference to a polyamorous relationship between others (although I'm on the fence as to whether it was intended to be characterised as progressive, or as something that simply increased their villainy - it's hard to tell).   I did find Maggie's relationship with her handler a little...underdeveloped, shall we say, and the author has an annoying tendency to impose modern values on decidedly non-modern characters with very little reflection or nuance, which I found disappointing. The history here is more of an interesting backdrop and an excuse to paraphrase Churchill than really integral to the story. There were also issues with info dumping (like many historical fiction writers, MacNeal is somewhat over-fond of showing off her research!) and some editing mistakes that were a bit annoying (the most egregious being at one point when Maggie looks at the clock it's nearly 9, then a moment later she specifies that it's 8:10...), but overall it was a fun way to kick off the New Year.   ADDENDUM: After reading other reviews, I have reduced my rating to 2 stars instead of the original 3 due to potential plagiarism issues."
81.0	4.0	"Read for Fun   Challenges : read for fun, ya   Overall Rating: 2.75   Story Rating: 2.50   Character Rating: 3.00   First Thought when Finished : Well it finally got moved off my DNF shelf.   Different Review Approach: Let me start by saying I gave Catching Fire a 5 so please don't throw stuff at me :)   There isn't much I can say about this book that hasn't already been said. I think you either loved or hated the way things were all tied up. However there are a few of us that were just very ""meh"" about it. I chalk this up to my need to have a pleasant end for someone and this book just doesn't give that to us. I see no hope or joy just sadness and acceptance. Which might have been fine if I wasn't already to the point of not caring who else Suzanne Collins killed off. There is a fine line between killing characters for emotional impact and just killing. Really only 3 deaths moved me in the book and 1 of them was unnecessary (unless you cared about a tidy way to wrap up a love triangle). In fact, I think that is why I just didn't buy how this was wrapped up. The first two books were about fighting (to survive, to live, to spend with family/friends, to keep family/friends alive) and this book was about ________? Seriously most of it seemed to be about revenge and settling. Most of all I think Suzanne took the strong Katniss that I loved in the first two books and turned her to person I just didn't like. So when I began to dislike her, it just made the whole point of reading the book kind of moot. I think that is where I stopped the first time I tried to read it. I did eventually pick it up and read the last part but I had never done it at one time till the last few days. Even the 2nd time (which was better than the first) wasn't enough to change my feelings about the book.   I thought the writing was as strong in this book as the others and the imagery was outstanding. I didn't see a few of the curveballs thrown coming my way and in the end I am glad I finished it. The things that bothered me others will love!   Final Thought : I think overall this series did what it was supposed to do: make the reader think and feel."
188.0	2.0	It was good until Tris died.
676.0	2.0	Beautiful illustrations and a great message--I especially love the way they incorporated important figures from American history--but I felt the lack of any meter or rhyme scheme made it sound clunky when read aloud, as intended. As a children's book, I thought it was just okay.
643.0	3.0	I really wanted to like this book. In fact, I checked it out several times (accidentally). The idea of teaching the alphabet with food is catchy and i think that is what I was responding to in those desparate moments of searching the shelves for good literature for the same toddler who is ready to rebel against the library's structure and quietness (i know that is a long run-on thought, but we mothers of toddlers are always trying to fit a lot into a short time frame!). I think the disconnect here is that several of the foods chosen are unfamiliar to toddlers. In addition, the illustration, while colorful is somewhat abstracted, making identification and familiarity with the foods they do know that much more difficult. A promising idea whose execution just didn't click with our household.
745.0	2.0	"There was a young lady from Nyon   Who didn't have anything on   She said, ""It's not rude   I'm artistically nude!   So who cares where my knickers have gone?""I'm sorry, it just happened. I alluded to this infamous book earlier in the week, and today we went on a day-trip to a town a little further down the valley from Geneva...   ________________________________   Two more limericks based on Swiss towns, composed on the way to work:There was a young chap from Lausanne   Received poetry tips from his gran   He said, ""Have you time?   I can't find a rhyme...""   But she told him: ""Just get it to scan!""   A francophile lady from Biel   Would give any Genevan a feel   She wrote, ""Calling all men   I live here a Bienne   I promise, this ad is for real!""   [The bilingual city of Biel is called ""Bienne"" in French-speaking Switzerland]   ________________________________   I have another one (and check out Warwick's contributions in messages #4 and #7):A girl from Canton Neuchatel   Swore: ""Damn! Jesus Christ! Bloody hell!   I must find a fifth line   Or they'll hand me a fine   And I need it in German as well![In response to a query from Not, ""Canton"" must be pronounced a la francaise, i.e. with the stress on the second syllable]"
770.0	2.0	A novel published as photographs, emails, photo clippings and so on, detailing the destructive romance between a rebellious Argentinian teenager and his love, a piano prodigy controlled by her strict father. Both adolescents act like emotionally arrested idiots, and the whole story ends with an ambigious and predictable tragedy. I think the book matters because of it's uniqueness-it's neither graphic novel, nor ebook, nor photo album but an interesting blend of all kinds of mediums. There is even an app for Chopsticks. But the story itself is tedious, two silly teenagers caught in a toxic romance, and neither teenager seems to be able to handle their obvious gifts and talents in a constructive way. Bleah. In short, interesting format for a book, but a lousy story.
786.0	3.0	"Not bad for a first published novel but I felt it suffered from a less than page-turning pace as well as a noticeable number of adverbs used in dialogue tags, as in: ""he said softly,"" or ""she said agreeably"". A few I wouldn't have minded, but when I, a writer aspiring to be published and constantly reading experts who say essentially ""Don't use any adverbs unless absolutely necessary,"" I notice them and it detracts from my enjoyment of and immersion in the story.   I will say the protagonists were distinctive and not run of the mill. The slight bit of 'sci-fi' or 'fantasy' contained in the plot was believable as was the story arc. The ending was a bit predictable, but presented in a fresh way, although the climax was a bit too contrived to really sell me. It seemed like the cavalry rode to the rescue from out of nowhere, even though it was explained afterwards.   I highly recommend this book to unpublished authors so they can see that a less than technically perfect book can get published if the characters and plot are fresh enough."
437.0	2.0	Disappointing, written for the SyFy Channel type of book.   Started out this decent character development but the obviously insane enemy and some blatantly erroneous decisions start adding up about half way through and things go downhill from there.   Unsatisfying ending is just the cherry on top.
140.0	4.0	"Grades 2-4   Seven sets of self-proclaimed ""terrifying tours"" challenge kids to use the maps and corresponding directions to journey through ghostly, pirate-ridden seas, the land of mythical monsters, Transylvania, and several other ""scary"" places. The computer-generated art is colorful, but certainly not scary, and the instructions are quite confusing for the intended audience. On the ""mythical monsters"" map, the compass rose is upside down and backwards... while that may or may not have been intentional, there's no question it's confusing. Trying to give children a fun way to learn about map coordinates and legends and all things geography in an entertaining way is a commendable goal. Unfortunately, while the intention is good, the execution falls flat. This may have limited appeal for students who already have a solid comfort level with reading maps, but most readers are going to come away frustrated."
334.0	1.0	Yet another superhero comic in which the female characters have huge tits and bare legs while the male characters are covered up in sensible outfits. Color me unimpressed.
372.0	1.0	I like the way the author told a story with haiku but it got a bit repetative and very gory. An interesting read for zombie fans but that is probably the extent of the audience here.
312.0	1.0	So I think I'm gonna have to face the fact that I just won't finish this.
286.0	2.0	I had to read this in college, stopping every now and then again to wake myself up with ice cream, because it was so boring. But at least I'm up on all of the illusions we make to it in popular culture now. If it were to be written today, I'm sure there would be different denizens of hell mentioned in the various circles, so it's kind of a history lesson, too.
776.0	3.0	"Blah. The first of Evanovich's non-Plum books that I really didn't like. This was a continuation of the story in Full Tilt, and it was forced in so many ways. The relationship ""problems"" between Max Holt & Jamie Swift were crudely and artificially obstructed. So many pointless disagreements and out of character ""I'm not going to tell the other person this one thing"" the result of which puts everyone in mortal danger. I didn't like the bickering, the lack of real story, the bad guy, the good guys, the location. I didn't like much of anything besides the dog, and even he was artificially manipulated.   My advice: pass on this one."
211.0	4.0	I wanted to like Mice a whole lot more than I did. It starts out well with a well-paced inexorable description of a high school girl being bullied - from verbal abuse to physical assault. This piece of the book felt connected and real - you could sense the emotional involvement of the writer. The bullying is the preceding set of events that lead to the out of the way cottage and the events that follow. It's when we get to the cottage that things become dull and disconnected. You can feel the author stepping back.   The violence in the book is extreme. I don't mind violence in a book, but I want it to be necessary to the story. The violence in the first part of the book is necessary, the violence in the second part of the book trips over into the unnecessary category quickly.   There is an attempt at a connection between the violence experienced by the young Shelley and the violence that she and her mother go on to commit, but the connection is tenuous, at best. There is plenty of suspense and horror, but mostly of the direct-to-video slasher movie variety. Overall the book stands on the sidelines, shows us the icky stuff it found under the rock in the playground, and wanders off with neither commitment nor context.
737.0	1.0	The book had a handful of good one-liners but as a collection was too flimsy.
727.0	2.0	SPOILER ALERT!!! I really liked this series, was super excited for this book to come out. This particular book I had a real hard time getting into it. The previous ones I breezed right through. Here's the clincher...I know my woman's lib friends are going to balk at this...but she portrayed God as a woman. COME ON!!! I would like to say that God is a woman but I just can't. Ruined the whole series for me. Now for the self centered, no can love anyone but me, jealous, vengeful aspect that she portrayed this god to be I guess she is better off a woman because frankly no man would be that emotionally hung up. They just don't care enough. That's my piece so slay me!
595.0	1.0	Another very forgettable book that I read on vacation and was disappointed in.
407.0	3.0	"Since I develop the poetry and humor sections at our public library (800s, yo!) one of the other librarians passed this ARC along to me. This book is a really pretty fun collection of found poems made from celebrity quotes that unfortunately doesn't seem to understand that actual contemporary poetry often uses things like found celebrity quotes. I understand it's easier to market this as a humor book and take the angle ""wouldn't it be hilarious if we pretended the DUMB things celebrities said were poetry?"". It makes sense, though, I guess. We all know poetry books don't sell, and this will probably sell more copies than any of my favorite poetry books to come out in the past year. Even the funny ones. What this is is a big missed opportunity to make some fascinating, funny, good poetry. Every joke is explained and overexplained in the most obnoxious way possible, every celebrity bio is snarky and mean. The tone is ""we are obviously so much smarter than these moron celebrities and you can tell because we are talking about poetry!!"" And in terms of actually making some cool references for the poetry fan, there is not even a nod to anything poetry-related that one wouldn't pick up from a standard high school english class. A frustrating, dumb novelty book."
253.0	3.0	** spoiler alert **   Again, as an English teacher, I felt the writing was far too simplistic and full of grammatical errors. I love the concept behind the books and will have this novel on a shelf of MI authors in my FL classroom. I won't be buying future novels. I've had my fill of kids who can fly and turn into spiders to wrap up the monsters and save the day.
775.0	4.0	Note: This is a hard book to rate, as it is made up of many smaller poems, but I will try nonetheless. All of the ratings are on a scale of 1-10, ten being the best.   Quality of Writing: 7   Who knew poetry could be good? I certainly didn't. I hadn't been exposed to much poetry in school, and some of these poets' grasps on language was truly remarkable and a challenge to me as a writer. Some, of course, was the not-so-great stuff that I had learned in school, bringing this rating slightly down.   Pace: 2   I was falling asleep at the wheel of this book. I kept questioning whether I should read just one more poem or not. It was very awkward as a straight read-though. Though kudos for going in chronological order, which ended up making all the Romantics go together, the Victorians, etc. I noticed that.   Characters: 5   By this I mean the tiny biography of each poet that preceded his or her section of poetry. It would only be a few sentences long, but it was enough to shed light on their selection without being dull. I was pleased with it, and only longed for a few more sentences on some of them.   Enjoyability: 3   I do not like poetry. Even good poetry. Some of it was enjoyable (mostly the good stuff I hadn't been exposed to), but most of it was just, well, poetry.   Insightfulness: 7   Even if I didn't enjoy them, I can say this book was eye-opening to what poetry is capable of and why it exists as an art form. That is quite insightful to a poetry skeptic.   Ease of Reading: 1   I had to re-read several poems, and though I know this is the nature of a poem, it is still aggravating as a reader. The awkwardness of just reading through so many separate poems also threw me off.   All of this averages to a 4.2/10, which is a 2.1/5, hence the 2-star rating.
122.0	3.0	It's hard to like Sappho. I know, I know, I'm being horrible. She's an early feminist icon and she was a great poet and all of that sort of thing, but we have only one poem of hers in complete form, and the rest of the fragments have been so deeply mined by other poets that its hard to see where she's being original. Sure, the first time someone said that moonlight was like silver that was mindblowing stuff...and it may well have been her, but her metaphors are tired now, and her work is so fragmentary that I can't see it as more than the leftover choppings of the Romantic poets. A great read, but hard to find an audience to recommend it to.   Review originally appeared on book coasters
115.0	1.0	Pretty redundant throughout the whole book.
374.0	3.0	"I don't even know what to say about this book. What a f--ked up mess. I admittedly picked this up because it was allegedly a gruesome nightmare of a book, so in that it held up (hence my giving it even a 2-star rating). However, trying to read the ramblings of a complete lunatic who can't stop ""I digress"" ing all over the place is not an enjoyable read. Even done from the perspective of a nutjob, the writing in this book absolutely fell flat for me. There's crazy and then there's just shitty.   Thankfully, at just over 200 pages in length, I don't feel like I wasted an absurd amount of time reading this. Another $1.99 Book Outlet pick that I should have left for someone else to order. I mean, bloody hell - I don't even have anyone I can pass this along to. It's not exactly a ""Here, Mom - you should read this!"" kind of story."
571.0	3.0	"I'm burning CDs all afternoon and suddenly like, ""You know, I should read all the Onomotapoeia stories by Kevin Smith."" Right? Of course.   So I read Sounds of Violence and now this one, which was probably a 1.5 and SoV was a 2.5 so screw it, they both get twos. You know it's a Kevin Smith comic because the characters talk a lot about each others' dicks, and because Onomotapoeia is in it -- a Smith villain who sounds (haha) a lot cooler than he is in practice.   Cacophony is two issues of a Joker/Maxie Zeus feud, then Onomotapoeia comes in for some deux ex machina (exactly as he did in SoV), and then there's an issue's worth of dialogue where Kevin Smith does his best Alan Moore impression (fair, since Walt Flanagan does three issues of his best Brian Bolland impression) and tries to have a Serious Chat about the nature of Batman and Joker's relationship.   The conversation is BLARGH and obvious and lazy and tonally the characters are handled so wrongly that it's borderline non-canon, and honestly just let The Killing Joke do what it does and you do you, which is making passive homophobic dick jokes while you play in the DC sandbox. I mean, bro. Bro."
899.0	1.0	Rating is for the translation, not that I really know, but it seems kinda bland. Other than that I mean, it's the dang Iliad, ya know.
450.0	3.0	"While the stories themselves are interesting, and the illustrations very evocative, the collection as a whole does not live up to the theme of ""feminist"" folk tales. The common theme here are stories featuring females (mostly pretty young ladies). Some are brave, some are resourceful. Nearly ALL of them go through their adventures only to become happily married in the end, forever after.   There's my problem with it. Most of the stories end at the point of joyous marriage, just with all the regular ""non-feminist"" tales. What's the diff? One exceptional story is ""Elsa and the Evil Wizard"", in which a young lady ends up forcing a wizard to undo some of his wickedness. Also notable is ""The Stars in the Sky"", a fanciful tale about reaching the stars.   In my opinion, ""The Husband Who Stayed at Home"" is the most feminist tale in the book. In it, a man who believes he's getting the short end of the deal, exchanges household duties with his wife, and mayhem ensues. A parable for modern times. I would have liked to have read more stories like these, instead of ones in which women get rescued (by male/paternal characters) and end up married, as if that is really the goal."
332.0	3.0	"Gr 4-7-Twelve-year-old March Anne expects this summer to be like all others-spending time with her girlfriends, helping on the family's Georgia watermelon farm, and learning from her grandma, who has been raising March Anne and her brother since their mother died nine years ago. But in July, the girl's world is turned upside down when Grenna suffers a heart attack and is bedridden. March Anne valiantly tries to cook the dinners, but her misadventures only serve to highlight the void that her grandmother's absence will leave. Things gradually settle down, and March Anne regales Grenna with stories about school, especially the antics of three previously irritating boys. When Grenna insists that a hummingbird has stayed for the winter, March Anne assumes her grandmother is ""wonky,"" but the creature soon makes itself known, remaining nearby until the February day when Grenna passes on. Afterward, March Anne must come to terms with her grief not only for her grandmother, but also for her mother. Her friends are there to help, and her family draws closer as her father opens up about his repressed heartache over his wife. While the vocabulary is poetic, the Southern idioms and cliches are exaggerated, and March Anne's first-person narration never entirely engages readers. The tone is somewhat saccharine and preachy, and the themes are presented with a heavy hand. An additional novel about friendship and loss.--Kim Dare, Fairfax County Public Schools, VA Copyright 2008 Reed Business Information."
844.0	2.0	This scene, Professor Calculus presents his invention 'color television', is pretty iconic:
588.0	1.0	I just expected so much more from   Ignatius. The characters didn't feel well-developed and the plot moved very slowly.
270.0	2.0	I can't even.... wow. How is this popular?   I guess poorly written selfish-stalker-teenage-angst just isn't my thing.
90.0	1.0	Just not my type of book or story or artwork.
3.0	5.0	"Interesting idea, but our children deserve better climate change dystopian fiction. The story was pretty enjoyable and the romantic plot lines believable enough. The diary format was a bit clunky to start and I remain opposed to the stylistic spelling errors and constant abbreviations. Mostly these faded into the background and the diary-style became a strength. I had one particular bone to pick: the illustrations could have enhanced the narrative, but I felt they were so poorly executed as to detract. I think the author should have contracted with a professional graphic designer. For example, typewritten notes were given a ""wrinkly paper"" or ""folded map"" effect that made the text harder to read and still looked really faked. The images were all very grainy and dark and looked Photoshopped, particularly the awful hover-skates (those were sort of baffling in the story too -- advanced technology for hydrogen skates that can fly above the crowd, but no noticeable investment in infrastructure or alternative fuels?). It looked as if the art had been designed in full-color and they converted to greyscale, just not a good way to do it. I'm sorry if this strikes some as a petty rant, but I can say that the substandard graphics noticeably took away from the experience of the book, distracting my thoughts for pages afterward. Caveat: I was just reading the beeeeautiful The Selected Works of T. S. Spivet, which sets the bar really high. Preteens would probably like The Carbon Diaries better than I did."
440.0	1.0	I couldn't finish this one. It started with a whole bunch of silly names I don't think anyone could keep straight.
119.0	3.0	The title is the best thing about this book. I love it.   The illustrations of the moon and water and foliage were lovely, the snakes and turtles and frogs were nice too, but I didn't like the way the mice were drawn.   The story just didn't do it for me. The message of a warning not to take stupid risks seems as though it should work okay enough, but I don't like the way it was told, and I wasn't wild about the poetry that makes up the story.   I see that I'm very much in the minority here. Perhaps it was my mood when I read it. I'd give it another try, but there are too many other books I'd rather read.
45.0	2.0	*shrug*   The story is ok, but predictable. I don't care for the knock-off Disney princesses. The art doesn't really do anything for me either. The mother is the most interesting character, and she dies in a flashback.
715.0	2.0	"Blah. Old lady poetry. Basically, ""Emotional Adventures in Nature for the Senile."""
945.0	5.0	Originally posted on The Fandom   Tyler (code name Apollo), a seventeen year old starts having flashbacks of murder scenes and remembering things that never happened--at least in his mind. He ignores these suspicious occurrences and instead focuses on the romance blossoming between him and another girl he feels an inextricable pull to. A girl named Shannon (code name Athena) who so happens to have the same memory loss and symptoms as Tyler. The two of them slowly begin to uncover a conspiracy spanning the entirety of their lives involving brainwashing, assassinations, and mind control. They do this with the help of two other teenage assets named Hades (A-02) and Elizabeth (A-09). Will they be able to escape the grasp of Project Pandora unscathed or will they fall under the influence woven into their minds since conception?   What stood out to me the most was the writing style. From what I've read, the sentence syntax consists of very short and direct sentences. I feel this would be better suited for emphasis or a revelation, not really for the readers to care about the characters. Each description sounds abrupt and to-the-point as if the author would rather me not become attached to the characters. Maybe this book will do well on screen, but the writing doesn't translate well into the mind. Aden Polydoros has built the bones to Project Pandora but the muscles are limp and the skin is stretched too tight over everything, as if I prodded one of the plot holes too much, the whole structure would explode.   One problem with the pacing is the characters. There are too many. With a complex idea of brainwashing and an insidious organization behind every corner, four narrators going on about school, romance, and friends take the focus away from the science-fiction aspect of the book. And not only that, but the romance is lackluster as well. Both couples were instantly drawn to each other, which is due to them knowing each other before, but the romance feels like it's picking up from the middle of their love stories rather than seeing them   develop   feelings for each other. However, I did root for one couple more than the other like a twisted version of who wore it better. I can only compare this to trashy daytime shows where you hate everyone, but boy, do you love hating everyone.   Another problem with the pacing is when details come in. We discover there is another Academy for training kid spies in Colorado that Tyler and Shannon are going to take down. Umm....what? I thought Project Pandora was only located in one place! I see the sequel route Polydoros is trying to take--which I don't mind--but introducing the complexity of the project at an earlier time would make this feel less of a ploy.   Because the pacing is not coherent, I have loads of questions. One, why do Shannon and Tyler they care about taking down the system? Yeah their whole life was a ruse but they don't know what they're getting into. In fact, Hades was the one who knew the most about the Project and he didn't even know the name of his leader. Speaking of, Hades is my favorite character in this book. He is an unreliable soldier, mysterious, somewhat of an anti-hero, and I love him for it. At the same time, we see cracks in his armor when he breaks down from loneliness or breaks down from being tortured. The vulnerability shows he sweats the same sweat and bleeds the same blood as the rest of us. Tyler in comparison is a typical golden boy who does no wrong, who gets the girl and has no blot on his moral conscience.   Overall, an average book. I felt no rush to read it nor did I feel any stakes but at the same time, it wasn't bad. I would suggest this as a filler read for your daily commutes or waiting for the doctor's office to call you in.
671.0	1.0	Not bad, very much a childrens book.. I thought it was a different book when I started reading it but then I didn't want to stop mid way. Needless to say it was a quick read.
674.0	3.0	"First I must warn people who want to read this book in particular to learn a bit of the background history of the American West ""conquering"" and the arrival of the English to North America.   I had a little background history on the conquer of the West but it wasn't enough. Most of these poems made me hate Whitman and I am sure the poems chosen for this particular book weren't his best. At least from what I read around here and on bookish social networks.   Only ""To You"" was good in my humble opinion.   There were in fact some words that I couldn't even understand and lets say that my English comprehension is higher than many people out there reading English books and classics.   Sorry, Walt. Let's hope to meet again in a better book, shall we?"
649.0	2.0	"There were good and redeeming poems in this collection, but the thing is kind of a mess. There's no structure other than ""most of these poems have place names in the title."" The autobio ramble at the end was about as pointless a piece of work as I've ever read from a respected poet. It reminded me a little of this recurring newscaster bit in a collection by Juan Felipe Herrera called Senegal Taxi. Not in content, but just in the drop in your stomach dread you have when you turn the page to see the thing keeps going."
141.0	1.0	Too young for me but cute.
819.0	2.0	Transients are disappearing but no one notices until Detective Lei Texeira investigates the disappearance of Jay Bennett where she meets Health Food store owner and hippie Jazz Haddock who brings to her attention the many disappearances over the years that he has noticed and kept a record of.   There is thankfully less focus on Texeira's issues from past trauma, once mentioned it doesn't need to be retold
793.0	3.0	I'm in the minority here, I know. Maybe if I was 21. Maybe if I had had the same hardships. This has been on our top charts for months - and I can appreciate poetry - but this book was not for me, but that doesn't mean it won't be for you. Rupi is from Toronto and has been the victim of abuse, violence, and has had to sort through the mental repercussions that come with all of the above. I just couldn't relate even though I really, really wanted to.
429.0	2.0	I wish I could have loved this book, I really do. I just can't. It honestly put me to sleep. That is how boring I found this book to be. I did not like reading from Farley's point of view. I don't believe this added anything to the story for Red Queen. I would suggest waiting to read this until you have read Red Queen because I think it gives away important information (or suprises) about it in this book that you don't want to know before going in.
901.0	2.0	A girl who is sick of getting turned down for dates orders a very realistic robot boyfriend online. She has a 3 day trial, but doesn't send him back in time so needs to come up with 1 million dollars to buy him.   I'm kind of sad that I read this book!
683.0	3.0	As a great fan of both the books and the HBO series, I was hoping the graphic novel would tide me over until more books or episodes, but in the end I was disappointed by this first volume and have no desire to read further volumes. My biggest complaint was the awful art style--all the women's faces and bodies looked nearly identical, irregardless of age, and there wasn't enough facial expression from the majority of the characters (when there was, it came across as exaggerated and silly). Numerous print errors also made the editing feel a bit sloppy. If you're interested in A Song of Ice and Fire, just read the books. Nothing beats them.
70.0	2.0	Most people have given this book high marks but I just don't understand why. The cover is intriguing, but the story is (in the words of my 7 year old grandson) just weird. I let a few others read it too, just to see if I am missing something. They also thought it was weird. There must be some deep meaning in it that I don't get and don't care to get. Blah and weird.
936.0	2.0	This book for younger readers is surprisingly angry and mean in a way I did not expect. A young girl is locked up in an attic after her father's death by her stepmother and is fed once a day, scraps from her stepmother's table. One night a ghost named Po comes to visit her and she gets him to make contact with her father. The father makes a statement about how he shouldn't have eaten the soup and a willow tree. Soon Liesl and Po have escaped the room to take father's ashes to to willow tree. The stepmother is desperate because Liesl is the beneficiary in the father's will. I didn't find the story all that interesting but was surprised by the anger and the hate in some characters and didn't take it as the typical fairy tale story.
813.0	3.0	Interminable, horrible, a tedious dirge of a book. I understand the worth of the poetic prose but here it comes across as novelty, and the whole thing is violently over-wrought. Some have said that this had a searing emotional effect, but it just made me roll my eyes. If this is meant to be a true poetic depiction of love, then the whole enterprise has failed. For all the conjecture and metaphors I feel like nobody has ever felt the emotions described- indeed, the narrator seemed to have negligible self-awareness at all. The whole thing felt laboured and unconvincing- if the novel was meant to evince sympathy it failed, since there's nothing for anybody else here. An obfuscated effort that grew steadily more hateful as it went on.   I finished this book on a train- I closed it, placed it inbetween one of the little tables on the back of a chair, and departed much happier than when I was reading it.
818.0	2.0	It could be the fault of the translator, but the poems are not very interesting. Hafiz comes off as a braggart sot who praises wine and inebriation while proclaiming to practice Islam. Because he depended upon royal patronage, he was an outrageous sycophant. Very disappointing.
791.0	3.0	Another very interesting Crichton work - the science and story was intriguing enough to be captivating even to me (who am not into science fiction). But I felt let down at the ending - it was all too abrupt for me. I wished for a little more developed denouement to tie up my loose ends.
957.0	1.0	Still so many thoughts, full review to come.
292.0	3.0	Last installment Usui confessed to Misaki while fireworks lit up the night sky, then the novel ended with them walking hand in hand.   Maid-Sama!/My Sweet Kaicho volume 8, the Maid Cafe's having a magical witch-maid day, but wait Usui's not a witch how can he cast a truth spell on Misaki? Shintani although heartbroken, his determination to gain Misaki's love is stronger than ever. Seika High is have elections for all positions are up for grabs.   I'm not a fan of this volume actually I found it quiet a bore, I literally had to go back and read the volume again just to write this review. Considering I read it 5 minutes before starting to writing this review just tells me it's no good. I'm just going to be frank with you I didn't like it. 1 star out of 5 is what I'll give it.
213.0	4.0	A terrific page-turner, sadly lacking in depth. This book seems to tackle weighty issues like how children turn into criminals and what to do with them when they do, but Koch has no real insight into the subject. However, if the end of this novel had been sharply edited, it would have been more memorable and unsettling. By the time it's clear how far the narrator's wife is prepared to go to protect their son, the author should leave well alone and stop. The last few chapters are full of unnecessary and implausible details (for instance, if the fancy restaurant owner is prepared to blackmail the Lohmans, why would he shut up for a mere 500 euros?), a pity when most of the narrative is lean and taut. Also, I fail to understand why Serge decides to continue with his campaign, after the disappearance of Beau should have strengthened his determination to let his son and nephew answer for their actions. Judging by the number of puzzled posts on the site, it's clear to me that there is a problem with the ending and I can only wonder why the publisher let such a valuable commodity go forward in this shape.
330.0	1.0	Predictable and took a bit long to get there.
888.0	2.0	"Those who can, do; those who can't, teach.   Jo Culler is a theoretician.   Alan Ginsberg is a practical person. He goes into the World and expresses that. He probably never understood what made his poems work. He certainly had an idea. But that is less important, as his works have so much power.   Jo Culler has nothing from above. He doesn't even have the vague feeling of ""that's it"" that every practical person has. Jo is below Joe the Plumber. Joe the Plumber [the character, not the person] has a trade. He can do plumbing. Jo can fence with meaningless words so he can defend a chair. And hopefully a good pension plan.   Jo is nothing. And he knows it. That is why he spends so much time obfuscating the paragraphs. Nobody will make a song from this junk. Not even from a paragraph. Nobody will recite a chapter of his crap while shaving his legs.   The bureaucrat has no clothes!"
602.0	1.0	Not what I expected, graphics were great and plot ok. It was ok
900.0	2.0	While cute, it doesn't really go anywhere. A little girl believes a lying second grader that the first grade teacher is an alien who steals teeth. It's a bit too scary of an idea to fit with the cute artwork and muddled ending.
835.0	2.0	Thought I should read this as it was heavily referenced in the last book I read. I have NO idea what Eliot was saying.
87.0	4.0	"TL;DR version: The story got interesting (eventually), but the bland characters leave this novel a little lifeless.   Skyship Academy tells its story from two points of view: first-person narrator Jesse, a bottom-rung student at the titular academy; and a third-person limited narrator detailing the events as seen by Cassius, an agent of the academy's biggest enemy, the Unified Party.   The novel sets up the conflict between these two as a political one against the backdrop of a post-apocalyptic United States. Combined with pretty flat and uninteresting characters (Jesse and Cassius themselves, as well as the avatars of each side, Captain Alkine for the academy and ""Madame"" for the Unified Party, lack any real subtlety), the political fight is pretty uninteresting.   Things finally pick up with the big reveal towards the end, which moves the story more directly into science fiction...but you have to slog through a lot of fairly un-engaging material to get there.   If I catch the second book on sale somewhere I may pick it up because I AM a little interested in where the story goes from here. I would tentatively recommend the same to others...maybe without reading this first book beforehand, since I'm sure book 2 will provide sufficient explanation and hopefully dive directly into the more interesting story."
651.0	2.0	Unfortunately this book just was not for me. I'm sure there are people out there that love this, but I just didn't get it at all.
428.0	3.0	"Warning: Spoilers ahead. Read at your own risk.   I like fairytale retellings. I also like fairytale sequels. And kick-ass princesses. So by all rights, I should have enjoyed Princess of Thorns. I started the book feeling really excited. But, by the halfway point, I was really annoyed, and by the end of the book, I couldn't muster up any good feelings towards the two main protagonists.   Why?   Because their relationship is messed up.   First, background stuff. Princess of Thorns follows Aurora, daughter of Sleeping Beauty as she fights against the evil Ogre Queen who has her younger brother. She disguises herself as a boy, and runs into Niklaas, a pretty-boy (literally. Aurora describes him as pretty many, many, way too many times) who wants to marry the Princess Aurora to break the curse. Of course, it's hate at first site, until Aurora sees Niklaas unclothes, starts to drool over him and bam, you have love. Oh, and Aurora can't kiss any man she loves. Just a note because this is important.   So, that's the background knowledge. And now, this is why I think their relationship is messed up, summarised in this one quote from the book: (Note, the first person who speaks is Aurora. The ""I"" is Niklaas)   ""And perhaps, if men were brought up to be gentler people, women wouldn't have need of protectors. Have you ever thought of that?""   I shake my head. ""Men aren't going to change, Ror. Men are what they are.""   ""And women are more than you allow them to be. Women can be strong, Niklaas. If given the chance, they can handle the world, maybe even handle it better than a man.""   ""All right."" I snort. ""If you say so, Ror.""   ""I do say so.""   I look straight at him before I roll my eyes, wanting to make sure my opinion of his opinion is abundantly clear. ""Maybe you've met girls like that in your many travels around your enchanted fairy island, but that's not the way it is in the real world.""   And just so you know, Niklass never admits that he's changed his way of thinking. The first half of the book was him boasting about how he's seduced so many girls, and how he'd easily seduce Princess Aurora, and protect her by, among other things, lying to her.   Of course, he's pissed (and humiliated/embarrassed when he finds out Ror is Aurora).   Here's the spoiler part: For Aurora to save the world and get her guy, she has to give up her powers and become weak. Actually, weaker than most women, in her own words. Whee, Niklass gets the girl he can protect. Do you feel my lack of excitement?   In fact, the way the ending felt to me was that he only accepted Aurora because she had lost his powers. She had proposed to him before, but he refused to marry her because he didn't want her to be the one saving him.   It's a pity, because Stacey Jay can write good characters. The Ogre Queen, for instance. She's the villain, but she's so compelling, and may be my favourite characters. Her sections were easily the best in the book. And there was Crimsim, who I thought was going to Ror's lady-in-waiting/fighter-in-waiting, but disappeared after a few chapters and was never heard from again.   I've heard that this book is like Mulan. Nope, nope, nope. Mulan doesn't fawn over Shang (even though he is a pretty boy), and their relationship seems pretty healthy to me. Now I feel like watching Mulan again. And Sleeping Beauty.   Disclaimer: I got this book from the publisher via NetGalley in exchange for a free and honest review.   This review was also posted at Inside the mind of a Bibliophile"
202.0	2.0	I just couldn't enjoy any of poems without thinking about the pain he caused Sylvia Plath. So on that note- Hated this.   I felt his poems lacked something, I'm not quite sure what it was but it just lacked emotion. Yes we get it... nature is beautiful.
841.0	1.0	Has solid classroom use and has good personal first hand information, but the story and the facts get to mixed up to make either really clear.
542.0	2.0	The only thing that disturbed me the most about this book is that none of the characters were unable to have any down time. You know, things like hanging out after school or going to a school dance. Instead, it seems like Natalie, Ash, Beetle, and Day always have things to stress about. Like Natalie and Ash finding a way to date but not in public or Beetle and Day, loving each other but the fact that Beetle's addicted to Day, she's unable to be with each other, which hurts them both.   That's probably the only thing that really disturbed me about this book otherwise the plot was quite interesting. Hoping to see what happens in the squel.
467.0	2.0	"There were times when I was at the start of this one I wanted to give it up. I was bored reading it. Tired of all the ""poor me"" from Caleb and Maggie. Maggie's feelings I understood, she deserved to feel them. But Caleb's, WTH, blaming everything on Maggie. He was the one who got drunk, he was the one that was driving, he was the one that left the accident. Did it suck he went to jail, but to me it was more of you did the crime, you do the time. It wasn't until near the end that things weren't as they seemed. It made me rethink what I thought about Caleb. Too bad he sort of reenforced the feelings with his choice at the end. I felt like it was a cop out, the easy way out, instead of staying and fighting for what was right. The ending leaves you hanging, but honestly at this point I didn't really care how things really end, so I won't be checking the next one out."
435.0	1.0	The usual, fast-moving suspense from this author. Escapism for the holidays.
939.0	3.0	At the end of Son of M, Black Bolt declared war on the United States over the stolen terrigen crystals. The Silent War is the fulfillment of that declaration.   There is so so much wrong with Silent War. Perhaps that's why most of the plot points are dropped in the future Inhuman editions. It's just a sticky mess like walking out of a movie theater that was showing a kid's movie. Everything in me said not to read this, but my Marvel Unlimited Month is almost up and I wanted to see if there was anything worth knowing in Silent War and the answer is no. The Silent War is a lot like Civil War where all parties have lost their minds and are just choosing to do some stupid stuff. Everyone is ultra aggressive and they ignored simpler options that they utilize later on. Just about every part of this was a stinker including the so so art.
277.0	4.0	Maybe my disappointment is due to the fact that, reading the few poems that accompanied the announcements of her poetlaureateship, I got excited, thinking here was a poet who's building on Marianne Moore -- something that seems pretty rare (Robyn Schiff being the exception) -- who's opened so many doors that nobody's walked through.   When I read Ryan's work (this and Niagara River), it had a tendency toward mawkish, too-cute-by-half anthropomorphisms -- the easy kind of hummel (sp?) figurine cuteness Moore avoided until her very late poetry. It also drew morals from nature with a blitheness, also a move Moore was more wary of: so much of her poetry seemed to do so, but, in her wry way, Moore would make the details of the poem invalidate the easy conclusions drawn by the speaker.   Moore wouldn't come to easy conclusions; Ryan seems willing to. Moore took the technoogies of examination (to be fancy) in zoology and poetry and held them up for examination; Ryan employs them unquestioningly. So maybe it is because I'm comparing it to Moore's work, but this book was a big let-down to me.
624.0	1.0	Not sure I like these stories - they are brutally honest.
281.0	3.0	5 Words: Book Spine Poetry! Clever, interesting.   One of my favourite things to do for fun is a round of book spine poetry. You know, when you pile up some books so the titles make a poem. So much fun, always pretty looking in photo-form and often hilarious. That Nina Katchadourian has done this so well is just awesome.   This is a fun book, mostly pictures but with an informative introduction. It's the kind of thing to have on the coffee table, to pick up and flick through when you're bored.   I won this in a World Book Night giveaway last year.
661.0	1.0	Not novel, though I am ruined by that end.
897.0	2.0	"Don't get me wrong, I read this fast (in a day) and it was entertaining to a degree but I got to the end of the book and was like- okay. Even now, I really can't really think of anything to say. It's a diary by a 13 year-old boy who is just a real rat bag. It has some really dated and offensive terms considering it's only 30+ years old. For example, Adrian wishes his father wouldn't wear an apron while cleaning because ""he looks like a poofter in it"". And Pandora has long hair ""like girls' hair should be"". Urg.   Review originally posted on Imogen's Typewriter."
731.0	2.0	"One of the better of what are essentially ""Elseworlds"" stories."
843.0	1.0	I don't normally write reviews, but what did I just read? I thought this was supposed to be horror?   There was so much filler and barely any plot and when there was plot it wasn't interesting! So disappointed!
32.0	2.0	I just don't get this one. Don't like the concept, the writing or the art. I'm guessing that like humour in science fiction, a children's picture book just doesn't work for everyone. There's nothing wrong with this one - it's not objectionable - just not interesting.
398.0	3.0	"DNF at 60%.   Rating: 1.5 stars? 1.75?   *Thanks to NetGalley and the publisher for the opportunity to read this book in exchange for an honest review*   A difficult rating...I couldn't finish reading this so I can't really decide whether I liked it or not.   If you like or are interested in astrology(chinese zodiac), mythology, mafia, bullying and a lot of topics more then this graphic novel, probably, is for you. I say probably because, although, I was really interested in those topics, I couldn't completely enjoy the novel. I think it was not for me.   As much as I enjoyed the first part, in the second part I started to feel confused. I was liking this ""mafia"" thing because I felt that added something extra to the book but then I started to feel confused with so many topics. It became a hodgepodge, a completely mess. There were so many topics that it became a waste of ideas, there were a lot of plot holes and everything was too rushed.   I liked the artwork although it's not my style, a little bit too sketchy.   So, conclusion:   - There is a lot of action.   - Many topics but some are not even developed.   - The artwork is ok.   - A little bit predictable: I've seen this transformation from the bullied guy to the hero one lots of time.   - Characters that I didn't even care about.   - I couldn't feel anything."
129.0	3.0	I don't give half a crap what anyone says, Eliot was a snob and his poetry is onanistic and overhyped crud. It's exactly the kind of poetry you'd *expect* to be written by a banker. It's universally unmoving, at once bland and full of itself. And a whole bunch of it just seems unnecessary and of negligible worth.   Eliot's personal politics aside, there are many more interesting and valuable things to go read. Unless you want to somehow punish yourself for loving literature, I wouldn't waste time on Eliot. Glance at extracts, then go live a happier life.
126.0	2.0	Super slow, and I just don't think the steampunk thing appeals to me. The main character is a dull mystery. The set up takes forever and I fear it is going to be a drawn out love triangle.
341.0	4.0	"Book #14 of the 2016 Reading Challenge. Theme: A poetry book.   Although this was a beautifully written book, I still will never enjoy reading poetry. It was hard to get through a lot of the poems. The introduction to each grouping of poems was beautifully written by the author and that was actually my favorite portion of the book.   ""When I was younger, I thought my task was to forge ahead and succeed as an individual. But growing older has helped me realize that our success lies in our relationships-- with the family we are born into, the friends we make, the people we fall in love with, and the children we have. Sometimes we struggle, sometimes we adapt, and at other times we set a course for others to follow. We are all leaders and followers in our lives. We are constantly learning from and teaching one another. We learn, too, that the most important work is not done by those who seem the most important, but by those who care the most.""   ""Falling in love is a series of moments in which the ordinary becomes extraordinary. Those moments are not continuous, but the sense of union with another person is just about the best thing there is.""   ""In the past thirty years, women have become defined by what we do, as well as by whom we love.""   ""Our mothers are our first teachers, and we teach others the same lessons we learn from them. As a child, when your mother believes in you, you believe in yourself, and when that happens, there is nothing you can't do. As a mother, that is the greatest gift we can give to a child.""   ""The people who are happy being alone are often the people everyone wants to be around""   ""One of the most important qualities in a friendship is that it makes each of us into a better person.""   ""The lifers who, even seven states away, are the porches where we land"""
441.0	2.0	"*************2/5**************   ~~~~~~~~~~~ME~~~~~~~~~~~~~~   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~   PERFECT REPRESENTATION OF ""JUDGE A BOOK BY ITS COVER. YES, JUST BY ITS COVER.   Honestly, I just dealt with The Museum of Intangible Things because I love Wendy Wunder (from Probability of Miracles). Maybe the stuff found inside this book just aren't my type.   All through out I feel like I'm lost and I'm always struggling to cope with the stream of events. I just didn't get the point of the title, the chapters, the continuous surge of happenings... THE WHOLE STORY!!!!!!!!!!   me:"
820.0	2.0	I don't know why I got this. It's a primer on how to resist cleaning up your room in in the most annoying ways possible. Half way through the book Izzy and I indignantly gave the androgynous protagonist a time-out. (for bad behavior)   The kid keeps decaying food in his/her room... that's just gross
764.0	3.0	"Well, this wasn't the greatest poem in the world. It's more a collection of satirical portraits of parish types; a kind of modern, rural version of Chaucer's General Prologue with a bit more snark. So it varies from pretty terrible to pretty good. The portrait of 'Young Brag' is the longest (i think) and the best; in general the poem's best when describing and attacking the hypocrisy of contemporary 'progressives' (who preach self-improvement to the poor, while, e.g., suppressing wages and implementing regressive taxation schemes). It's worst when attacking farmers who have silver bowls instead of pewter.   Anyway, it's in rhyming couplets, so there are a few quotables if you're into that sort of thing: ""If he but utter what himself has seen/ He deals in satire and he wounds too keen,"" kind of an updated version of 'It's hard not to write satire,' and even more damning. That's the basic tack, anyway: you only have to accurately describe the world in order to write satire. He's probably still right."
80.0	5.0	"2.25 Stars   I received a copy of this book from my friend, Ashley, who loved this. Naturally, I was quite exited to read it after listening to her talk about it, so I dove in that same day! I was ready to experience just how ""wonderful"" this novel was. Truthfully, I was quite exited.   That feeling didn't last long.   Unfortunately, it quickly became apparent to me that this sort of writing style wasn't really my ""taste."" Everything moved slowly and tiresomely, and I never felt a connection to any of the characters. It was just a dry and mediocre story (Ahh, I'm sorry Ashley!).   I'm also going to be blunt and say: I didn't like any of the characters - but it's purely because none of them were memorable. They all morphed into one individual - and it seemed like everyone's voice was the same. However, what I did enjoy was the way Martin viewed everything going on in his life. It was an new/original perspective, and I always give stars for originality. Which is pretty much the only reason this novel didn't get 1 star from me.   Something that really took away from this story was how everyone/everything seemed so unimportant. I'm not sure how else I'm supposed to phrase that. I just felt disconnected from the entire book. None of the characters left lasting impressions on me, and neither did any of the events. I felt like I was reading one giant eventless book, and this book isn't even that long! It's just that nothing was grabbing my attention.   Honestly, it's interesting to me how two people can read the same book - but one can give it 2 stars, and the other 5 stars. It's all about perspective and how you connect with the story/characters. Sadly, with this novel, I didn't experience anything that Ashely had. But that doesn't mean you won't like it! It's a great idea and includes a new perspective on life. I think everyone should at least give it a try.   Overall, I'm disappointed I couldn't at least give this 3 stars. But I would've been lying if I'd given it anything but 2 stars. 'Cause usually 3-star books are stories that I can connect to on some sort of level. This one didn't fit that bill.   **Anyways, thank you again, Ashley, for lending me this book (especially since it's not out yet!). I'm sorry I couldn't rate it any higher. Regardless, you rock."
787.0	1.0	Didnt keep me interested, didnt finish the book
953.0	3.0	If I am being completely honest, I have never been much of a poetry person. So, this review may be a little biased based on that fact alone.   After reading through several of the poems in this book, it made me wonder: shouldn't poems have a beginning and an end? Or at least flow?   Or does this also count   As a poem   Because I said so?   I found 99% of what I read to just be so blah. I can see why I lot of people would enjoy it based on it's reliability, but I was very underwhelmed. Nothing stood out to me to reference in the future.
153.0	2.0	Meh, nothing special about it.. Just another book for the masses. The story is kind of fun.. when you're ten and have no idea what to read or what you actually like to read.   I read the series out of curiosity, and that was thoroughly satisfied. Never gonna read them again.
506.0	3.0	I received a complimentary copy of this book via NetGalley in exchange for an honest review.   Death by Coffee is a cozy mystery by new author Alex Erickson. Part of the attraction of a cozy mystery is the quaintness of the setting--generally a small town. Death by Coffee got that right! Pine Hills is the small town where Krissy and Vicki open a book and coffee house after leaving the hustle and bustle of Los Angeles. Pine Hills is filled with odd and cantankerous characters who bring some color to the book.   The plot of Death by Coffee is straightforward, as are most cozy mysteries. There is a bit of an interesting twist at the end of the story. The pace of the story is steady although it does at times get bogged down in unnecessary details about pets.   The characters are rather flat, and hopefully the author will address this as the series continues. Most of what the readers learns about the character is a physical description. The dialogue from the male characters is limited. The brusqueness of young Krissy's approach in questioning town folk after having just arrived in town is unbelievable. I had a hard time buying that anyone would speak to her given her approach.   Despite its short comings, Death by Coffee was entertaining enough to keep me reading. I would not highly recommend this book, but I also would ward people off reading it.
489.0	4.0	"I originally picked up the 4th book in this series because it sounded interesting. About to dig into it, I realized that it wasn't the beginning. Since I hate jumping into the middle of a story, I decided to read books 1 - 3.   The stars are true. Overall, I found it ok.   Kissed by an Angel was quite difficult for me to get through, more so for personal reasons than anything. Tristan was absolutely adorable when he was trying to win over Ivy! I have no idea what took her so long. Reading over their relationship from the beginning made my heart hurt knowing how it would turn out in the end, for Tristan anyway. Gregory gave me the heebie jeebies right from the start. I don't know what's up with Ivy but if someone dare throw MY cat across a room, they'd wake up confused with a bloody nose. Rating: 2 1/2 stars   The Power of Love was easier to get through. Even though things were still moving too slow for my tastes, it was OK. Most of the time I was like, ""WTF are you DOING Ivy?"" I like Beth a lot. Will is...eh. I hate Suzanne. So. Much. The majority of the book was rather boring, until the last two chapters or so. But seriously, who ends a book at the climax? Rating: 1 1/2   Soulmates the most exciting of the three. I enjoyed Soulmates, it went a lot faster than the others. By the end of all this, if I was in Ivy's situation, I would have quite a bit of PTSD. The ending was nice I guess even though I though I don't agree with...Ivy's decision. Rating: 3   After finishing it all, I really wondered what else there was to happen in Evercrossed. Everything seems pretty complete to me, any more it just comes across like it's being milked. Not saying I won't read it, it's just...more than necessary.   I do hope that in book four there's more about Will. I have no image of him besides those eyes. I don't quite know what Tristan looks like either but at least his personality shines through. Will is rather bland for my tastes."
942.0	2.0	Micah is a liar.   She lies through the whole book.   I didn't feel anything was resolved by the end of the book.   I didn't enjoy reading the f-bomb through out the book either.
382.0	1.0	Moderately entertaining, but nothing brilliant. Would have liked to have seen a little more detail with the food/cooking.
430.0	1.0	So I've tried to read this book twice now and it just makes me depressed :( Grrrrr
606.0	3.0	I really wanted to like this novelm because everyone else gave such glowing reviews, and hey, it contains Sci-Fi elements, one of my favorite genres, so how could I not like it? I just couldn't get into or care about any of the characters. I just thought the storyline strained credulity (plus I'm so tired of people putting personal politics into stories to make it a morality tale...agh!). Also, at times it was difficult to tell who was narrating: the Mitten Man, David as a young man and father of a toddler, someone else? Some of the events just made no sense in happening the way they did.   The premise held so much promise, but for me it fell flat. I only finished it because I don't like leaving books unread unless I find them to be utter drek, which this one isn't. I will try the author's next work, because the ideas themselves were intriguing (the not ground-breaking as some reviewers wrote)...then again, there are lots of 4-5 star reviews for this book, so maybe he just isn't my cup of tea.
464.0	1.0	Read for review.
344.0	2.0	I wanted to like this, but--sigh--it just does not hold together for me. The heavy repetition is jarring and does not build into anything crafted. The whole piece reads like a one-sitting prose exercise that's been chopped up and remixed and stretched out with no regard to tension, voice, or development. I'm sorry, but not everything that's written about Katrina is art. My apologies to anyone who feels this review is mean-spirited--I certainly don't intend it that way--but, even though I'm a huge fan of Bull City Press, I just don't see the merits of this particular chapbook.
851.0	3.0	This is a short board book featuring the beloved Skippyjon Jones. He plays with various items in different shapes like a heart balloon, a circle, and an octagon. The shapes are good things for young readers to learn, but the vocabulary used to describe the shapes is too high for the intended audience. For instance, words like orbit, teeter, and crescent would require much explanation. Even words like tug and pump might not be part of a young reader's common knowledge.   The illustrations are sparse, but fun and include Skippyjon Jones looking in the mirror to see a chihuahua like he does in his regular picture books.
763.0	1.0	Okay, I've read two books. I think I'm done, This just isn't a series for me.
462.0	2.0	I did not give this a low rating because it was bad writing. It just was not my style- not my cup of tea. With poems, I like them straight forward- voicing your true feelings, raw, as if you're talking to someone. These poems are mostly all metaphorical speaking, and that caused me to have a hard time connecting with anything. Beautiful writing, just wasn't for me.
502.0	1.0	"First let me start by saying I may not be the best judge of any poetry book since I don't read this genre much. I prefer Haiku which I love.   But, that being said...This book has Frost's 1st three volumes of poetry. ""A Boy's Will""-1913, ""North of Boston""-1914, and ""Mountain Interval""-1916. Also, some Misc. early poems.   I didn't care much for the Misc. section. My favorite section was ""Mountain Interval"". And, my favorite poem was ""The Road Not Taken"". I love that one."
161.0	2.0	I am SO OVER books where eggs hatch and reveal dinosaurs. SO OVER.
541.0	2.0	This book was kind of whatever. I didn't have high expectations for it, I was just looking for a quick, light read. For such a short book, it didn't read like it. It felt longer. And not in a good way. There were certainly some cute moments, but there were some annoying ones too. The way they handled race in this book was just beyond weird. 2.5 stars.
16.0	2.0	"If your child likes ""Max and Ruby"" this book is similar to the antics Max gets himself into. Sophie continues to be 'naughty' and gets 'time out' she does this to Granny as well but Granny just smiles and reads to her.   Many adults will just think this is a cute book, but I have never enjoyed watching 'spoiled' children that didn't mind. And in my opinion Sophie is one of them. So having a child read about a child doing these things they could do the same. Not a good example in my opinion."
549.0	2.0	This book was different from any other I have read. I love the storyline & plot but the book drags & gets off subject alot. I found this book at a local Goodwill and for a few days couldn't put it down, towards the middle it got too slow and off the storyline so it ended up taking me months to finish. I was just bored reading this. Beginning was great, middle & end ruined it for me. This could have been a wonderful book..disappointed.
998.0	1.0	I can't finish this novel. Considering that the novel is >600 pages, I didn't even make it to center stage as I have given up before 300 pages. I didn't find it to be as fascinating as some of the reviews that adorn both the front and back cover and the first pages...
774.0	3.0	An okay story...I like the incredible usage of alliteration in each poetic line. I think critics look way too deeply into the meaning behind this story. The general meaning and the mythology behind it is adequate.
503.0	1.0	ah yes, she adores human trash in the sea. more disney stupidity   (found on my cataloguing cart, ergo the add)
881.0	2.0	This book didn't have as much wit and charm as previous ones, and it was ruined by the corny and lame ending. Plus, the Secret? An absolute joke, if you ask me.
457.0	2.0	Gave this one a try because I'm a fan of the original EC series but readers be warned this particular run is a modern parody aimed at teens which, mind you, is not necessarily a bad thing provided the writing and art is of a certain quality which sadly this book does not deliver on.
944.0	1.0	pretty funny, only slightly marred by a total absence of plot.
625.0	2.0	"So, I've seen bits and blurbs from this author over the years, quoted in other books, and thought it might be interesting as a whole. When I saw this, I grabbed it. It was interesting, but I have a hard time with poems and poetry, and this was no different, unfortunately. It was interesting in a quick read sense, but I can guarantee that I didn't ""get it"" which I feel bad about."
308.0	2.0	This book was amazingly bad.   Is that even possible? For a book to be SO bad that it's actually amazing???   This gem gave me a migraine like no other. I mean, check out my status updates to see its horrific beauty.   Recommendation: stay the fuck away.
847.0	2.0	I love poetry, but modern poetry tends to rub me the wrong way. Modern poetry to me is like a Jackson Pollock painting... they just throw words together and call it poetry and people attempt to find deeper meanings to said poetry, but in my opinion, no deeper meaning exists. This poetry book was broken up into two poems: The Last 4 Things and 56 Days. I liked 56 Days more, because, at least while reading it, I was sparked with the idea for a poem, so I got something out of it. But when I read The Last 4 Things, there was nothing there for me, just words on a page. I can appreciate people who like and understand modern poetry, but give me Whitman or Poe over writers like Kate Greenstreet and Gertrude Stein.
427.0	2.0	"The thing is, packing this killing, cursing, absurdity in one single book it gets absolutely boring if not done well. And this book is not done well at all.   The story about a fraternity of ""supervillains"" without any superheroes seemed actually quite interesting but the realization is just bad. The characters are flat, dull and replacable.   I can't take villians like this serious. They don't give me the creeps or make me worry what they   re about to do. I don't fear them and I don't care. And this is actually the worst I can say about a supervillain or a whole book about them: I really don't care.   Oh no, I do know something worse: The movie was actually better."
263.0	4.0	"Wow, there goes my fantastic run for books at the start of 2014. I was struggling from the beginning, because I felt that the characters were entirely detached from the situation, at least emotionally. Oh, there's a random curse floating about, determined to fell Briar? Why is it all the characters ask if it's real, and when another character confirms it, suddenly it's a know thing? Just because someone tells you something crazy you generally don't instantly believe them. The writing annoyed me from the start. It seems so stilted and childish. Here's an example; ""It's not like that,"" Briar replied. Though it really was. Why is that full stop there? Why?   I really tried with this. I was 100 pages from the end when I realized I genuinely did not care how it ended. Not a single character interested me, not a single storyline was worth following. All the characters reacted predictably to every situation and I just couldn't bring myself to care. Do not recommend, ignore the gorgeous cover and run for the hills. Oh and in defense of my DNF, there are 470 pages in this book, I gave it a fair go!"
363.0	5.0	Minotaurs & Other Alphabets did not resonant with me. This collection of poems contains a lot of emotion that the writer has attempted to put into words on a blank page, but due to various stylistic decisions, this work falls flat -- for me at least. Poetry is highly subjective, and I would hate to turn readers away due to my negative review. The following is my opinion from reacting to the work. Other readers will have different reactions and opinions, all of them equally valid. With that said, I'll break down my reaction to the work.   Minotaurs & Other Alphabets keeps in the tradition of other Canadian writers by combining stark natural imagery with various contemporary themes. In this case, those contemporary themes are primarily about female sexuality. Before exploring the societal themes, the natural imagery, and imagery, in general, should be mentioned.   Markotic succeeds in painting visually intense images with very few words. I live in the same regions as the writer, and I felt she captured the beauty, harshness, and general sense of the Western Canadian landscape. As a resident of the area, I love seeing my home represented in literature. In this regard, Markotic displays poetic talent in painting a landscape. The rest of the elements do not have such a strong effect.   Maybe it's just my love for Margaret Atwood, but I felt the author of this work looked at Atwood's approach to sexuality and applied similar language and ideas. However, it did not land with the same impact as Atwood's work. Markotic continually focuses on sexual imagery and emotion, which is fine but doesn't balance it enough with other elements or themes. As a result, the speaker in the poems often becomes reduced down to their sexuality and gender. I feel that's the opposite of what Markotic was aiming for. This is further muddied by stylistic choices throughout the collection.   I love experimental writing that deploys a creative use of grammar, sentence structure, poetic form, or any other non-contemporary styles. However, Markotic's stylistic choices and bizarre use of grammar and punction were distracting and not complimentary to the pieces. Everything was highly fragmented and diminished the impact of the pieces rather than empower them. Again, poetry is very subjective -- especially experimental poetry -- but for myself, these style elements were poor choices that hindered the work.   Overall, Minotaurs & Other Alphabets was not something I particularly appreciated. At times, I found myself re-reading lines because Markotic captured a setting beautifully but then was distracted by her reductions of people. The effect was an unbalanced portrayal of the speaker that at best is repetive and at worst pretentious. I'm sure other readers will have different feelings towards this work, and given that's it's a brief read if you have the option to read it, it's a fine way to spend a bit of time.
54.0	3.0	Six months later, I am downgrading this to 2 stars. Nothing about the book has stayed with me or stood the test of time.   Except for a rather complex and complicated denouement, this is just about a perfect murder mystery.   While quite a bit longer than the normal mystery read, the author writes with complete respect for the genre. Characters are interesting and compelling. The world of London hip society, working folks and the upper classes are extremely well defined.   The intelligent reader will also perceive just a hint of insight to the writers views of fame and fans.
156.0	5.0	"The Worst Thriller I've read in 2013.   Most of the time, I review thrillers which I find excellent and believe others will enjoy. However, I recently picked this up on a holiday in Australia, read it on the flight back home at the start of this year and found it utterly ghastly. It is without doubt, the worse thriller I've read in 2013. Anyone who reads this book should only do so as a case study on HOW NOT TO WRITE A GOOD THRILLER. This is because of its horrible characterization, poor execution of plot twists and its generally depressing and soul crushing tone.   ""Osama"" is the first Chris Ryan book I've read. Most of the time, I've been reading his former colleague Andy Mcnab's Nick Stone series which I've found to be well researched and have gradually gotten much better over the years. In contrast, ""Osama"" is destroyed by its cast of vile characters, poorly executed plot that had so much promise wasted, and its attempts at grittiness left me at one point hoping the antagonists would win. Now to the review, what happens if there were a few alterations in the plan to kill Osama Bin Laden.....   The novel kicks off on that faithful night outside Islamabad. We are introduced to the main character Joe Mansfield, part of a SAS team whose responsibilities are solely to hold the perimeter while DEVGRU swoops in and blows away their man. A helicopter crashes, like what happened in real life and for some inexplicable reason, Mansfield's partner decides to disobey orders, break perimeter and see how the SEALS are faring. They see not one but two body bags being transferred and barely make it back to their positions before a K9 unit detects them. Mistakenly believing they're in the clear, the CIA officer overseeing the operation spots them with some nifty facial recognition software after reviewing the after action footage. Believing they've seen something they should not have, the officer initiates a series of unfortunate events. Firstly, Mansfield's partner conveniently buys it when an IED blows him away on a routine mission. This causes Mansfield to have serious mental health issues; he leaves the SAS and is driven to drink. One day, he's nearly run over by a Range Rover and in a convoluted struggle, is ambushed by mysterious men who frame him for the premeditated murder of his wife. Meanwhile, on a housing estate, a group of jihadists led by a man who wishes to fill the power vacuum in Al Qaeda is gearing up for a simple, yet devastating terrorist attack. All these threads converge in a tangle of betrayal, insanity and soul crushing despair as Mansfield escapes and learns that the men who ruined him may be on the verge of killing thousands.   Plot wise, ""Osama"" is okay. Most good fiction is based on a conspiracy theory and the author appears to have taken it to heart. The interesting alterations to real life events are pretty nifty and the author does make a solid conspiracy out of the historical event. The setting is also mostly successful. From the prison Mansfield gets incarcerated in, the broken housing estates where the Jihadists congregate and the rusted, rain swept playground where events come to a climax, the author is able to create a depressing and soul crushing atmosphere, perhaps too well. The research done by the author was also one of the few highlights to this novel. The book gives us some insights on how modern British law enforcement works from the prisons to how Scotland Yard tracks suspects. It's the research and the settings are the two things which made me give this book one star.   Normally, at this point I would be analyzing the characters which I liked. Not today however. This train-wreck of a military thriller was dragged down four stars by its main characters none who are sympathetic. Take Joe Mansfield for example, a prime case on how to craft a unsympathetic protagonist. At the start of the book, he initially appeared to be level-headed, calling out his idiotic partner on breaking the perimeter during the Bin Laden operation. However, when the book notes that he didn't take the medics advice to some sleep to keep stable, that was the point where he rapidly degenerated into a sadistic, masochistic jackass. He's a failure as a husband and father, his wife being a weak, defenseless 2-d cardboard cut-out while his son is an anti-social video gamer, perhaps the only noble character in this train wreck. Did I mention he's also deranged? Due to the untreated PTSD he suffers, Mansfield does some pretty crazy and implausible things. For example, at one point in the book, he hides a straight edged razor in his mouth in an completely idiotic attempt to conceal it. (Come to think of it now, the author may have created him as a cautionary example of how soldiers who don't get help for their PTSD may suffer as a result along with the people they hold dear.) The other characters aren't much better. The CIA officer who ruins Mansfield from the comfort of his office back in Langley Virginia started out quite promising but became into a non-entity at the very end. The author may have tried to channel that anti-American sentiment that John LeCarre currently does but unfortunately like LeCarre, ends up with a mere caricature of an evil CIA spy that is more fit for a 1970's action film. In contrast, the jihadist while still vile was the only villain with a touch of personality in this book. Devious and one step ahead of everybody, at one point, I was hoping he would kill Mansfield and save me the trouble from reading the final 100 pages (alas it was not to be). Finally, the two women characters are prime examples of that dying tradition in the genre of having weak, idiotic women who need to be defended by men like Mansfield. By the end of ""Osama"", they're also quite dead, something which other reviewers on this site and Amazon have found to be a Chris Ryan trademark. Finally, there were some plot twists which I found rather poorly executed. For starters the escape attempt Mansfield conducts when breaking out of his prison, was hilariously implausible despite the authors best efforts and would require divine intervention if it were to actually work. Secondly, the main threat of the novel which involved bombs in air plane food carts seemed superficially innovative but in the end, lacked originality.   Overall, Chris Ryan's ""Osama"" is the worst thriller I've read in 2013. The characterization is ghastly, the tone is utterly depressing to an unacceptable degree and the plot twists are so badly executed, they actually can brighten up a reading of this book by causing you to laugh. I may go back to read Chris Ryan's old books which might be better than this but if this is the state of his current selection of thrillers, I'm never going to read another of his future books. For much better military thrillers to enjoy, there's Brad Thor, Vince Flynn, Ben Coes, Bob Mayer's Green Beret series with much more imaginative plot twists, Brad Taylor's Pike Logan series with some of the best characterization in the genre I've seen in a while and finally, Andy Mcnab's Nick Stone series. Instead of making standalone novels like Mr Ryan, Mcnab has taken a different approach and slowly honed his writing and the character development of Nick Stone to such an extent, he's a protagonist that's highly sympathetic and likable. Therefore, only read ""Osama"" if you wish to learn how not to repeat the mistakes it made in the event you decide to become a thriller writer.   WARNING. NOT RECOMMENDED AT ALL."
938.0	1.0	Read this whilst recording it as an audiobook for my children to listen at bedtime.
688.0	5.0	"Originally published at yAdult Review.   First off, I want to say that while this book is recommended for grades 8-12, I think it's more suited toward grades 5-8. I think a lot of older YA readers will find the story a little childish, which doesn't mean it's unworthy, just that it reads a little young. Kyra is on the run for trying to poison the Princess Ariana, Kyra's best friend. After this happens, Kyra is forced to break her engagement to Hal, a fellow potioner. Along the way she picks up Rosie, a ""pig the size of a house cat"" who helps track down Ariana, who has disappeared. Kyra also meets Fred, a traveler. Kyra is a little annoying in the beginning, mostly because it felt like Zinn tried too hard to make her a plucky, clever heroine, and Kyra doesn't like animals. What? I am wary of all people who don't like animals. Indifference is fine, but active dislike is strange (says the cat lady).   So this was a fun little romp, but I had a few issues with it. First, the dialogue was very modern, and it sort of took me out of the story when Kyra used words like ""offed"" or ""cupcake"" or ""guys."" Second, Kyra was kind of on the dumb side of stubborn. She has a vision, and believes she is the only one who can save the kingdom, but she won't develop her powers? That made no sense to me. I understand that witches were persecuted in Mohr, but that is a really ridiculous thing for Kyra to do. She fights her visions, then gets one that really scares her and decides she's the savior of the land? Come on. I couldn't buy that. Lastly, we are told Kyra is brilliant with potions, but we don't ever see that. We are shown her using potions already made, but we don't really ever really see her doing anything genius. Kyra never really grew on me, unfortunately. This happens a lot when we're stuck in the head of the protagonist, and why I personally enjoy multiple points of view. The best part of the novel, in my opinion, was Rosie, the pig.   I wanted to like this novel, but I really just didn't. It's less about poisons than about Kyra learning how to embrace things she doesn't like about herself. A lot of the dialogue seemed immature, as though everyone talking was ten years old. The mystery wasn't hard to solve, in my opinion, and I never get the villain right in books. I think I laughed maybe once. It just didn't work for me, but that doesn't mean it won't work for you!   Bridget Zinn died before she could see her book published. It was cancer, and she was way too young. If you liked this novel and read it as an ARC, please buy it to support Bridget and the husband she left behind."
420.0	3.0	Listen I wanted to like Psyren, I really did. I was really taken in by its setting made more interesting by the mystery. But I'm starting to think that the shonen market is all about the vending machine effect, where what's predictable sells. This made me a little sad because the author had a lot to say about books he reads and I wanted to give him the benefit of the doubt that he has the taste to pull off a good story. Yet though either the pressure of his publisher or overabundance of characters to lasso a plot around, Psyren falls into the broad demographic of drab shonen that doesn't impress me.   If it has one thing going for it it's the premise. Psyren's setting and stories are nestled between the venn diagram of Bleach and the Matrix. Except all of the action is Bleach and none of the thinking is the Matrix. Yet the mystery that's initially set up of the contemporary world being so different from the Psyren wasteland was really compelling and hooked me to the story. I was at first impressed with the characters fixing time in the past present and present future, but that quickly waned after the characters had less of a reason to do it more for the sake of the plot than for themselves. And the semblance of characterization that was there consisted more of archetypes than substantial players of the game. The character models and designs are all really sharp and cool but didn't add much more to the story, and that's the story that was squeezed between explosions that took up whole and chapters.   The severe lack of motive is something I found made the books really flat overall. Save the world because you should save the world. Yet it sets up a whole mess of characters you don't care if Ageha saves or not. Everyone he's fighting to save he shared a comedic moment, brodown, boob grab or info dump in response to a question. The books never give the characters time to simmer and build on each other and the point of the series seems moot if that's what we're given. It had potential all the way through to elaborate on some interesting storylines, yet the final result is so top heavy from its characters it's hard to say any of them were worth reading. I would say it's worth reading if you're looking for something different in shonen, even if it isn't super different. But it certainly didn't show me that the genre has mature or thoughtful stories to tell, but just gave me more pointy-haired high school sword flingers saving the world.
523.0	1.0	The mystery part of this was good as far as not knowing who did it, but I found the writing a little basic. Yay for cats!
754.0	3.0	the stars are for the art and the list of songs that serve as a playlist for the graphic novel.   I love Clueless and thought that this would be a good one. The dialogue feels forced, and the way they handled themselves don't do justice to their movie versions. I got all the way to Dionne's chapter, and while it did give Dionne credit, the writing was killing me.
397.0	2.0	The book was a disappointment from the beginning. I felt like I was reading the private journal of someone dealing with their obsessions. I kept waiting for it to qualify itself for the status it had as a published work.   I wanted to give it 1 star. I upped it to 2 only due to some redeeming features within the section on healing.
546.0	5.0	"Review Courtesy of Dark Faerie Tales   Quick & Dirty: This book is overdramatic, underwhelming and somewhat confusing with the lore being the most tolerable parts of the novel.   Opening Sentence: The self-defense class had been a waste of sixty bucks.   The Review:   If you love numerous hot male characters with interesting elemental based powers, then this is the series for you. Maybe I just find overdramatic love triangles and complicated characters at every turn a bit tiring, but I just did not enjoy this novel very much. Almost every male character is exceedingly handsome, mysterious, aloof, and alluring in some way, and always has a dark past. I know a lot of people may disagree with me on this if any of the other reviews I have read for this book are proof, but you'll have to make your own decision when choosing what to read. I just had a hard time getting through the novel, and it seemed like every chapter ended on some minor overdramatic note.   The novel begins when Becca Chandler breaks up a fight in the school parking lot between the mysterious Chris Merrick and two thugs out for blood. By unknowingly aiding his supernatural talent and saving his life, Chris tries to become closer to Becca to show his gratitude, but she pushes him away. They both have secrets they are not yet ready to share. Becca, I was surprised to find out, had a more meaningful secret than I originally guessed. Chris is one of four orphaned brothers with supernaturally strong elemental powers. Each brother has a distinctly different personality Becca finds attractive at some level, and it doesn't hurt that each guy is totally gorgeous. Pretty much every guy Becca encounters who isn't bad in some way is extremely attractive and Becca can hardly contain herself. I found the descriptions boring and repetitive, but then again I don't particularly enjoy romance novels.   Becca finds out all the Merrick brothers have strong powers tied to the four elements. As she starts to believe in their abilities, the new guy Hunter throws it all into confusion with his hidden talents. Becca doesn't know what side to be on, and finds out she might have more abilities than she ever dreamed of. The basic elemental lore was interesting enough to keep me reading to the end.   There were too many characters that seemed to blur together even though they had different personalities and the vague plot left me confused sometimes. Overall, I finished the book because I had to, and do not have any interest in reading anything else from this series.   Notable Scene:   Becca trudged beside Hunter, following the plume of Casper's tale as he bounded ahead of them through the underbrush.   ""We've already come this way,"" she said, just to break the silence.   ""Looks like an army came through here,"" Hunter answered, though she had no idea how he could tell the difference. Just looked like a bunch of brush and branches to her. ""Maybe Casper can pick up a second trail.""   She didn't understand how he could be acting so normally, as if he dealt with things like guns and violence and missing Elementals on a daily basis.   Then again, maybe he did.   ""So are you going to tell me?"" she said.   ""Tell you what?""   Was he deliberately being infuriating? ""You said you're not an Earth,"" she said. ""So which one are you?""   He laughed and gave her a sidelong glance. ""Come on, Becca.""   ""Come on what?"" she said. ""Just--no more games. No more lies. Just tell me.""   Hunter stopped and turned to look down at her. A line appeared between his eyebrows. ""You're serious.""   ""Yeah.""   ""But--"" He frowned. ""The way people hassle you at school. You work with dogs. I mean--your mom's a nurse, for god's sake. And then, you said Drew tried--on the field last night.""He ran a hand through his hair. ""I never thought what it would be like for a girl, but--""   God, she wanted to punch him! ""What the hell are you talking about?""   ""He's a Fifth,"" said Michael, stepping up beside her.   ""Yeah."" Hunter glanced at him, then back at her. That line still hung between his brows. ""Like you.""   The Elemental Series:   0.5. Elemental   1. Storm   1.5. Fearless (July 31, 2012)   2. Spark (August 28, 2012)   3. Spirit   FTC Advisory: Kensington provided me with a copy of Storm. No goody bags, sponsorships, ""material connections,"" or bribes were exchanged for my review."
886.0	3.0	The message is fun, as are the cartoony illustrations. The rhyme bounces appropriately. But both me and my inner child are frustrated by all the poorly depicted details. For example, why did the king adopt stair-step girls, and where is the queen? Why don't they wear socks or stockings? Whatever happened to the king's desire to see them wedded to princes? Does the cobbler get a reward?   I totally respect the opinions of readers who liked it more than I did. And if you have a girl who is too caught up in pink princess stuff, you might want to read this with her. But it wasn't good enough for *me* to get more than two stars.
722.0	1.0	Why do people even like this book? I slept while reading this. Boring af.
486.0	1.0	I don't remember this.
260.0	1.0	This book is great . It will make you feel a lot of things at once . But you will love it I promise .
619.0	1.0	** spoiler alert **   One of cormac's books. Roughly written science fiction without interesting science. Most interesting feature is that the shoot out at the end is resolved by a financial investor deciding who to invest in. A sign of the times?
538.0	2.0	This is one of the most boring books i have read in years. I must be sincere and say that I did not finish it. Maybe the juicier stories come later, but since Poe's works are presented in chronological order one has to jump to the better known stories or just get bored by reading all the stories one after the other. When I read a book I like to go from beginnig to end, and the first stories are so unbearable: more than half the stories are just loooooooong descriptions of a woman, her hair, her skin, the way she walks, she breathes, she eats, she looks...   Sorry Edgar but I had enough of you for a year at least. Maybe next year I try again
513.0	3.0	LET ME START OFF BY SAYING THAT I ABSOLUTELY HATED EVERY PAGE OF THIS BOOK THAT I READ. THE REPETITION WAS STARTING TO ANNOY ME JUST BECAUSE THE BOOK WAS ALWAYS LIKE, STANLEY THIS STANLEY THAT. OKAY I GET IT THE MAIM CHARACTER IS STANLEY BUT CAN WE AT LEAST GO 2 LINES WITHOUT MENTIONING THE MAIN CHARACTERS FREAKING NAME, LIKE FOR REAL AFTER A WHILE THE NAME STANLEY YELNATS STARTS TO GET ON YOUR NERVES. ONE OF THE THINGS THAT ANNOY ME THE MOST WAS WHEN THE AUTHOR MENTIONED THAT AT CAMP GREEN LAKE THERE WAS NO LAKE AT LEAST 10 TIMES IN THE FIRST 5 PAGES. HONESTLY I FELT LIKE THE WHOLE TIME I WAS READING THIS I THOUGHT THE BOOK WAS WRITTEN BY A 5 YEAR OLD. NOT MANY CHARACTERS WERE INTRODUCED IN THE 28 PAGES THAT I READ. AND IM GLAD I DIDNT MEET ALL OF THOSE CHARACTERS BECAUSE STANLEY WAS JUST SO ANNOYING. STOP BLAMING SOME RANDOM CURSE AND TAKE RESPONSIBILITY FOR YOUR ACTIONS. MAYBE YOU SHOULD HAVE AT LEAST DONE SOME RESEARCH BEFORE STEALING THOSE SHOES. I HONESTLY DONT CARE ONE BIT ABOUT THIS BOOK AND IT FEELS GOOD TO LET EVERYBODY KNOW ABOUT HOW I FEEL ABOUT THIS BOOK.   RATING: DNF
532.0	4.0	"Wow, I would've never guessed my one of the best-read series in recent times could've contained one of the WORST books I've read not only this year but in all my life as well! Holy shit was this book bad or what! Its a total incomprehensible incomparable mess where not only the reader didn't have any fucking idea what the fuck is going on whatsoever (apology for the swearing, but I'm seriously mad in red hot rage right now) the characters themselves didn't have any lick of an idea whats going on, and were perplexed all the time. I can only imagine writer Bill Willingham purposefully played a cruel joke on his avid readers of Fables, by assigning this volume as a Fables story, while in reality, other than making some Fables regulars forcefully appear in the spin-off and completely different series Jack of Fables, this volume has NOTHING with the continuing storylines of Fables and instead felt more like an installment in the Jack series. And let me assure you, those characters themselves absolutely DIDN'T want to appear in this mindbogglingly awful, gimmicky ""crossover"", and were just as relieved as the reader when all these unpleasantness were at long last over. This is a complete and utter nonsense which didn't have any purpose other than to waste times of the poor fans of Fables in expanse of sullying the name of a great series and all the fond memories of those once epic and mindblowing stories of that series, with pages after pages after pages wasted in senseless babbling which didn't have any meaning or objective. This atrocious book just took a huge pile of dump on everything that the readers come to love, and quite literally in fact, because believe it or not, there was a full page dedicated in visualizing huge piles of smoking hot shits laying on the ground. No, I'm not making this up. I couldn't if I wanted to.   Thankfully, by the end it looks like this volume won't have any impact on the continuity, and also the memories of Bigby Wolf and Snow White were wiped clean lest all the pathetic happenings of the book scarred them for life. If only my memory of reading it could've wiped clean as well. I'm giving it 2 stars instead of 1 (which it deserves thoroughly) only for the artworks and illustrations, but even those are quite below the average mark. And I kinda chuckled a time or two when in the Farm ""Jack Horner as Boy Blue returned"" farce was going on, mostly because by then I long surrendered to all the incoherence and was just trying to go with it.   To the new Fables readers like me, don't do the same mistake I did: Skip this one as if it never existed (which should be the case if the world was fair) and go to the next true volume of the series. Seriously, AVOID THIS LIKE THE PLAGUE!"
157.0	2.0	These Rainbow Magic fairy books are quite popular. The basic premise seems to be that two girls, Rachel and her friend Kirsty, have helped the fairies in Fairyland. The cause of all the mischief in Fairyland is Jack Frost, along with his band of goblins. In this particular subset, The Jewel Fairies, Jack Frost stole the seven jewels from the crown of the Fairy Queen. Jack Frost hid the jewels in the human world, so King Oberon and Queen Titania (Hooray for the Shakespeare reference!) have asked Rachel and Kirsty to help find the missing jewels. In this installment, two have been found and they are looking for the Emerald that belongs to Emily, the Emerald Fairy. These are easy chapter books, about the same reading level as Junie B. Jones. Incidentally, Daisy Meadows is the pen name for the 4 women who write this series.
558.0	2.0	Unforgivably awful, and this guy is supposed to be great? Not until the fifth block of poems is anything readable or noteworthy found. Yay! You can write poems sideways, split up words across the page to render them meaningless and force the reader to not only not enjoy your work, but try to sift through your tripe and put words back together, and, Yay for you! You can insert meaningless punctuation! Sorry, E.E., poetry is not supposed to be a frustrating exercise in trying to figure out WHICH FUCKING WORDS ARE WHICH.
505.0	3.0	Weise obviously spent time and attention to her vision of what this book should be. It strives to be experimental, a common aesthetic standard today. After Dada, experimental is a hard direction to go and still have something to communicate.   In sum, it may just be me, but this collection did not engage me, surprise me, or in any significant way cause me to reread. In fact, I skimmed many after the first few lines put me off.
367.0	1.0	Review to follow!
947.0	2.0	Didn't hate it. Didn't love it.   Had the start of some interesting ideas and characters, all fell flat, and, for some reason, the Swamp Thing was involved.   I really wish I could have liked it more because... female Constantine sounds like something TOTALLY awesome.
573.0	2.0	Mary Anne and Logan have been arguing a lot lately, so when Mary Anne decides she needs a break and Logan responds by pressuring her for a surprise date, she decides he needs to go to the dump. Are they broken up for good?   These two were an enduring couple who mooned over each other whenever they were apart, so seeing them suddenly fighting made it seem staged so we could have a book about standing up for yourself. I did appreciate, though, that Mary Anne didn't nod and smile when Logan ignored her request for space and tried to get her to go on a date with him instead. I was glad to see her backbone for a minute there. The babysitting plot, of course, paralleled this where one of Mary Anne's sitting charges' mothers had to learn that rewarding a kid for bratty behavior isn't going to make the behavior stop.
935.0	4.0	I read this book as part of the Chapter and Verse Book Club's discussion of possible Sibert Award-Winning books for 2015.   You have been forewarned... This review is going to be harsh. I will openly admit that poetry is not my thing, however, I can read and enjoy a good poem from time to time. But seriously, bleh! I thought this book was horrible and what I can't figure out is why an anthology of poetry would be a contender for a nonfiction award. I appreciate the difficulty that must lie in creating an anthology, especially in this case, when including poems from as far back as the Middle Ages. But the collecting of poems does not equal the writing of poems, in my opinion, and I don't understand how they can be compared.   I also have issue with the illustrations. They are very kid-like and I know that my own children who are 4 and 6 would eagerly grab this book and think that because of the drawings, it would be for them, when in reality it isn't. I don't think the illustrations support the more mature nature of this book. It certainly wasn't intended for the pre-school or elementary aged student set.
76.0	3.0	I found the writing simplistic and annoying for some reason. The tone was preachy concerning online predators and kids' games. Infodump after infodump about the topic. I didn't finish the book after getting 80 pages in.
714.0	2.0	"I'm not into this sort of comic so much if I'm honest, and by ""this sort"" I mean comics made in a similar method: Ay Papi, Rob Liefeld's spate at Action Comics, and so on. It's the sort of comic I could deride endlessly for its cliche (""I didn't get to do the whole childhood innocence thing"" et al), its lore (listing Wonderland and the land of Oz as fairytale realms, for instance), and its blatant shoehorning of strong female characters wearing unnecessarily sexy costumes (see the cover). I could just show this screenshot, though, and wash my hands of it."
647.0	2.0	Sooooo here I am again, with this book. Why oh why did I read it?   Cause I have a thing where I just want to know, my curiosity always gets the better of me. ALWAYS!   Any who, lets do this.   ......*READS BOOK*.....   Hmmmmmmm .... ok.... wow...... really..... WOWWWW! Ughhhhhhhhhh *tears out hair*   Yeah that's what it was like for me, pretty much. I gave her a second chance, so again, I used my real good money to buy this book.   And again I was left disappointed, utterly utterly disappointed.   I won't even get into what happened cause it's too painful. I just know I'll be throwing my curiosity a middle finger and saving my good money for more important things.....like fooooood!   Ok I'll talk about what I was mostly disappointed with.   Nora doesn't go through any character development, she's still dumb and annoying.   And I'll just ask around until my good friend(who I'll have to bribe) sits down with me and tells me the conclusion of this real tragedy.
812.0	2.0	"Cute and funny in execution, although silly, this book demonstrates the problem with a lack of moderation (in this book - health fads). I would have given it 3 stars except is ended only when Hippo was about to realise there was a problem, with only subtle clues on how others around were pestered and nothing about learning a lesson and how to handle ""pickles""; this would not be a consern with a novel as much, but for a young children's book it seems to be a sugnificant omission."
723.0	1.0	so painful and such a pretty cover too :(
249.0	3.0	"This is a nice book, with a basic suburban Halloween ambience that works well to make it more like a regular story, and not just an alphabet teaching book. ""Xavier"" and ""Xylophone"" for ""X"" might have been predictable, but that's always a sticking point in any alphabet book, and the book as a whole is done well."
20.0	2.0	Reading Tiger's Eye felt like running an obstacle course. Instead of everything flowing naturally to the finish line, I felt like I was constantly jumping over tangents and trying to maneuver through a tangle of subplots just to figure out where I was going. And, as much as I wanted to love this book, I found it frustrating and exhausting.   Full review and plot analysis are featured on The Rekindled Reader
744.0	2.0	** spoiler alert **   Literally never been so mad at a book. It's supposed to be a CONFESSION. WE finally get to the night in question, and he basically claims it's an out of body experience. BULL SHIT.   At least the question of why he went over there makes sense. Why we've never heard from the friend who accompanied him, and at one point held the murder weapon- THAT I'd love to know.
250.0	2.0	"Like all essay collections, some hits and some misses. i picked it up for some inspiration for the ESL group (that my senior librarian would like to rename ""Culture Club"" of all things) i'm helping to lead at the library. but also found some essays that spoke to my need to understand myself as an Angeleno or in some current context. some of the essays that stood out include: Judith Lewis's ""Interesting Times"", Luis Alfaro's ""Minnie Ripertson SAved My Life"", Erik Himmelsbach's ""Fried Chicken"", Richard Rayner's account of the 1992 L.A. Riots ""Los Angeles"" and one poem, Gerald Locklin's awesome ""Fascist Island"" about that consumer mecca in Orange County, Fashion Island."
94.0	2.0	Very much just a 'Meh' children's book. Not funny. Not sweet. Very predictable. Life lessons seemed entirely aimed at the parents. Mice seemed a blatant ripoff of Kevin Henke's much better stories. It wasn't irritating the read, but I can't see checking this out of the library again, much less buying a copy.
103.0	4.0	"allegiantAllegiant by Veronica Roth is book three in the Divergent series (review of Divergent and Insurgent up on goodreads). As mentioned in my previous posts, I have gotten less and less interested in Veronica Roth's novels as they go on...   Allegiant is the final novel in the Divergent saga. In a post-ruins Chicago, Tris and Four find out that the world outside the fence is full of riots and fighting. Four's mom (and leader of the Factionless) Evelyn Johnson takes over as leader of the equal, factionless society. Tris and Four escape the city confines and go searching beyond the fence for answers. They find that the government has separated all cities into separate experiments to weed out the genetically pure (also known as: divergent). Tris and Four are pulled apart and put back together multiple times [as per Roth's norm in this series] and they are determined to ""save their city"".   While I like Tris and Four as characters, I feel like their story arc really falls short. These novels seem contrived and, honestly, it feels like Roth was rushing to get through the novels. She lacks the patience and style that writers like J.K. Rowling find flowing so easily. I could see where Roth wanted to go and where she could've gone, but the novels just weren't there for me. Not recommended as a series, sorry Veronica. I have so much respect for you for writing your novel so young and all the recognition you've gotten, I'm just not into the way these stories ended. =\   --Sarah   http://nobodyputssarahinthecorner.com"
342.0	1.0	Yes, just shut up being a smartarse for one minute, please, Stephen. You have some useful information to impart to us.
251.0	4.0	"y'know, i was mentally writing this review before i even made it home with this book.   so, imagine you're in your local library. there's a few graphic novels on display by the stacks, and front and center, you see this one: Romeo and Juliet: The War. it's a beautiful hardbound coffee-table worthy book, foil embossing and all. you've got the titular characters embracing in the foreground, their faces softly lit from the laser firefights going on just behind them. okay, so far so good. Stan Lee's name is on the cover, another bonus.   it starts out well enough. we get a back story as to *why* the Montagues and Capulets are warring: the former are cyborgs, the latter superhumans, and both believe they've played a more vital role in securing peace around the world. kind of neat. Shakespeare's prose has been dismissed, which makes sense, given the setting. it's been substituted with the occasional bad pun (kind of prevalent in comics), but ... i'll give that a pass. i'm too busy gawking at the art anyhow.   but ... when you remove Shakespeare's prose, you have to come up with something that makes you believe that R&J are infatuated with each other. that doesn't happen here. they meet, they chat about their respective masquerade costumes. they meet again later at the balcony and jump superhuman-like from building to building... and R proposes. that's it! any nuance between the two of them has been truncated in favor of 10-12 pages of fight sequences. fine, after all, the story is called ""Romeo & Juliet: The War."" i guess it was just disappointing, given how much love and care was given to the art, the backstory, and even the binding.   there are some minor plot changes to the story -- they don't particularly add anything, but they don't subtract anything, either.   overall: check it out for the artwork, for sure. it's beautiful. just don't expect Shakespeare."
912.0	2.0	"I really wanted to like this book, because the combination of noir style in a verse novel about wearwolves is a tasty idea. With lots of characters and minimal description, there were no characters I could remember, let alone connect with. Perhaps this would make an enjoyable movie, a bit of cross between ""Natural Born Killers"" and ""The X Files"". I finished it because I wanted to see how three story lines would tie together, but as my southern relatives might say, this dog just didn't hunt."
632.0	2.0	This says it's a novel but formally seems more like a long poem. It would probably be fun to study in a class on Ted Hughes or something but just trying to read it through as a novel was not my thing.
191.0	2.0	One of those books you get assigned in middle school. I mean there are worse books in the world, but if you are trying to keep 12 year olds interested in reading is this really the book to do it. I could have gone my entire life without reading this just fine. And too much literature from England in our classrooms BTW.
670.0	3.0	This is that book - the one that most people adore, that gets rave reviews and awards buzz, the one people recommend to adults and kids, the one that I totally don't get. It's the story of a gorilla. And a few elephants, a dog, and some humans. Right there is your tip-off - I'm not a huge fan of animal stories, unless there's something else remarkable to recommend them. And I don't find my emotional buttons getting hit by tales of animal suffering (as much as I think animal cruelty is awful, it just doesn't trigger the tears the way other things do).   For a book written in blank verse, with not too many words per page, it took me an awfully long time to get through. I'd read for 15 minutes on my lunchbreak and then wonder when it would be over (are we there yet?) I was curious to see how Ivan and the others would manage to get from the mall to the zoo, but story dragged and the language and concept weren't enough to hold my interest. I only made myself finish because I knew it was a relatively quick read and had gotten so much buzz.   Either this was just Not My Style or the emperor has no clothes.   Source: my public library
42.0	3.0	"This was just so mehhh. Books like Frostblood really make me wonder, why on earth do I read YA? As a 23 year old, this felt incredibly sophomoric, unoriginal, and jeuvenile.   Annoyances:   The LENGTH (WAY TOO LONG!) END ALREADY! PLEASE I BEG YOU!   Recycled tropes (felt like a mix of Frozen, the Hunger Games, A Year Without a Santa Clause, Throne of Glass, Red Queen, basically everything!)   The training scenes   Boring protagonist   Instalove   What is it with tea????   Likes:   The fire vs. frost magic elements   Iicicles   Rudy burns the throne   Overall, this was fun at times, but honestly nothing special and pretty lackluster. I didn't ""feel"" anything."
979.0	1.0	I really didn't enjoy this one. It was to heavy and depressing, the story didn't really seem to have a point and in my opinion it was way longer than it needed to be. In my opinion the only redeeming factor of this book was the illustrations which were beautifully done!
682.0	2.0	Well, this one wasn't as bad as the first two. I feel like not too much happens in these books though. Blair definitely gets a lot of attention from guys in this one. Not exactly sure what else to say about it.
859.0	2.0	It is a strange thing about the English language and people that they've produced poetry that very literally means nothing. I regard this stuff the same way as most of the Monty Python stuff: fun, but almost intollerably silly. Would probably teach good vocabulary, if the reader kept a dictionary nearby.
987.0	2.0	Okay. It didn't really get better. There were a few satirical diamonds in the rough, but mostly this was just not what I was hoping. I can imagine the intent-- to shed light on the daily struggles (not the word I want. But I can't find the right one) of being a female. But I had hoped instead that it would encourage young girls to stand up for themselves and teach/show them how to celebrate/be a strong women who doesn't let the world dictate who she is or what she does. And who knows-- poetry is interpreted differently by everyone. Maybe these verses will empower people. They just didn't speak to me.
92.0	3.0	Ah... What just happened? I'm really confused, and that's not how a story should leave you. It was too fast-paced and I don't believe that the characters had realistic reactions and responses to the very disturbing things that happened. The novel was also a lot more crude and gory than I had anticipated - this is not a bad thing, I was just unprepared for it and was rather shocked by it.   Overall, I am left really confused, and somewhat curious to know what happens next but not all that desperate to find out.
458.0	1.0	See my review on my blog at http://kristinehallways.blogspot.com/...
91.0	1.0	I liked it, though it was definietly not as good as the first book. I would say it's a 3.5.
933.0	3.0	It was a page-turner, I'll give it that. But sheesh it was violent. I lost count of the murders (complete with brains on the floor). There was a graphic rape/murder scene. At least one suicide. Pets got shot and butchered. There was even a detailed description of someone being cannibalized. Really? Do we really need a YA version of The Road? By contrast, the sex issues were handled very well. The relationship between Alex and Darla was sweet and they were interesting, compelling characters. Because of that I will probably read the sequel. With my hands over my eyes.   My takeaway? When stocking up for the apocalypse don't forget the condoms. Money may be worthless but condoms will be worth gold.
735.0	1.0	Gosh this took me a while to get through...
369.0	3.0	Interesting myths of great Roman heroes and their Gods and Goddesses, but the layout was problematic in that the stories came one after another without any breaks, lending us to believe that the entire book is the tale of Icarus' fall, but it isn't. You need to pay attention, not only as your wade through the lists of names, and who is who's son, but also at who is speaking. Assuming this is how Ovid wanted it to be, it is something you need to get used to. I'd suggest other myths (Greek, perhaps) instead for your first outing.   Blog | Instagram | Twitter | Pinterest | Shop | Etsy
252.0	2.0	"""Obsession"" by Jonathan Kellerman.   This was my first book by Jonathan Kellerman, which I listened to on CD narrated by John Rubinstein.   This story, unfortunately, hardly held my interest. I also found that his use of cursing only added not to the story but to the authors failure to be a creative writer of a mystery.   Two stars. I will try again with another Alex Delaware mystery."
203.0	2.0	This was really weird, especially with the mother throwing everyone's electronic gadgets out the window. But, it does prove just how much we all use and depend on technology these days.   ---------------------   I read this on We Give Books (wegivebooks.org), where they donate books to schools when you read books on their site.
314.0	3.0	Not extremely creative version/adaptation of The Little Red Hen. We have an armadillo making chili and various animals refuse to help and are later refused chili in turn. Nice ending, though, since the armadillo realizes something is missing in the chili (someone to share it with) and the various animals repent of their laziness and show up with contributions to supper.
610.0	1.0	** spoiler alert **   Listened to on CD. Withholding comments. Suppose to be funny but I didn't laugh. Probably good for kids who don't know what a joke is or how to tell one. Some of the jokes are definitely for older kids. 5th grade up.
958.0	2.0	"The storyline is very authentic, but oh, my, the language!!! ""F"" bomb way too often. Not worth my time to wade through it all."
187.0	2.0	This book just names each of the months and doesn't really tell a story. 1 star
265.0	4.0	Uneasy in New Orleans is a mystery novel with a hint of romance. The writing is decent, but I found it to be a difficult read.   This book starts out with a promising first chapter. I liked the idea of a New Orleans tour guide becoming involved in a murder mystery while leading a tour group. The two main male characters and the heroine seemed interesting and ripe with romantic possibilities.   But I soon realized that UINO suffered from too many characters, plot/story lines, POVs and frenetic action. It was overwhelming and confusing. It's really too bad, because the author gives the reader some glimpses of really good writing.   Not sure I can recommend Uneasy in New Orleans. It is a standalone with an ending that is obviously a lead in to the next book in the series.   ARC provided by the publisher via Netgalley.
364.0	3.0	"I never quite got on board with this book. A 17 year old high school student starts hearing voices and having visions of other 17 year old girls who are missing -- whether they have run away, or been abducted, or encountered accidents, they are missing.   I'm going to spoiler this because it's the kind of book where talking about the structure will give away some stuff, even though I won't reveal any specific plot details.   This is an unreliable narrator book, and I felt a little bit like it was an unreliable author, too, because it was hard to get a sense of what the book was supposed to be. It's a thriller in tone, mostly psychological. By the end, it's a little too much After School Special. I will note, as a positive, that despite the subject matter, the circumstances endured by the missing girls are very plainly stated without being salacious in detail. Despite that, the feel of the book is very breathy, everything is tightly wound and it's hard to keep that up -- a great book will use that to make you feel emotionally wrecked by the end, a so-so book is more likely to fizzle out, because it's hard to sustain that level of ""edge of your seat""-ness. With this, I felt like I was being instructed to feel very suspenseful. The more the main character was churning with anxiety and turmoil, the easier it was to zone out on it."
872.0	1.0	This book was just not for me. Mistery is not one of my favourite genres so I believe this was not destined to fit my tastes.
636.0	1.0	chapter 6 recommended reading
220.0	4.0	2.5/5   I've finally finished reading this tome and I'm just tired and thankful that it's over. IT is a weird beast because the novel and movies are hugely hyped by King's loyal following, but I didn't think IT was scary or amazing; I mostly thought IT was boring. Maybe I had to be there in 1986 when the book came out or have watched the movie as a kid to really 'get' that same enthusiasm? Or maybe this story just isn't my 'flavor' of terror. (What doesn't scare me scares other people, and vice versa.)   IT has some good moments. I appreciate the flashback vs. present format, and IT even reads like praised canonical American literature at times. But my experience overall was that the novel dragged for hundreds of pages at a time, and without a single scare as a reward (for me, anyway). A lot of the book also felt hokey because of several spoilery trippy scenes (that I'm still having a hard time imagining visually, even though there are now 2 film adaptations) which read to me like stuff only a white guy in Maine in the 80s who has done a lot of drugs in his life could come up with. The sense of humor was a miss for me and I found a lot of the characters to be flat and stereotypical, though some of them rose above. IT was clearly an ambitious project and it has reached a huge level of popularity and success, but for me the book did not live up to the hype.
256.0	3.0	Nothing special here unfortunately.   The first part of this actually dealt with Batman, and the artwork for that was good. And the plot was at least somewhat intriguing. Everything after that was pretty boring and not about Batman. And the artwork was painful.   There was a story about Batman and the Joker being aware that they are comic book characters, which was kind of cool to see. Then there was a Poison Ivy story and a story about some guy hosting a show about Gotham's criminals.   I expected more from this, but at least it wasn't very long.
114.0	1.0	I could not get into this book, though I tried a few times. I donated it to a thrift store, and I really hope someone else can enjoy it.
466.0	2.0	St g h lo e: s d Fr gm nts   Th s s w at ls ke to re s is e sy? C n ou und and I'm saying? Or s h ve i pact ur co p sion d enjoyment?   I have no doubt that Sappho was an accomplished and important poet, who shaped the genre and influenced many later greats. I'm not knowledgeable enough to know just how influential she was, so I take other people's word for that. For myself, I was looking forward to trying her poetry and finding out what this 'lesbian' poet had to say. I soon realised I wouldn't have the usual problem of finding a translation I liked, though that's still an issue, but here the problem is just to find the text itself. It's turning up all the time, found in caves, dug up, or fragmented on pottery. It's really a miracle that any survives at all, but that doesn't make it an easy thing to read. There's just not enough of it.
324.0	2.0	Kara Knight has an evil twin she didn't know about, who kidnapped her and is determined that they will die together just as they were born together. Her mother has been hiding the secret for years. Will the mother be in time to save her daughter and son?   Obsession can cause people to act strangely.
65.0	3.0	Things I liked:   The Metal Men intro   Cyborg   Johnny Quick + Atomica   Things I didn't like:   Everything else   The last two volumes have introduced some really interesting characters, but the story has gone completely off the rails for me. I'm not the least bit interested in the plot developments that have taken shape in the last two volumes. I'm so bored and I was so confused at the start. I was enjoying the dynamic between the heroes of the JL. I was invested in THAT story and how the league would continue to try to become more of well oiled machine while they kept the world safe. I am not the least bit interested in what's going on now. Getting through the first half of this was a chore.
994.0	4.0	"Update: 1/6/16   I've been thinking about this book for a long time, and upon further reflection, I've decided to lower my rating. Thinking back on it, I realized how many things bothered me, especially in concerns to Violet and her various actions, and reactions throughout the book. I still appreciate much of this book, but now I can see how it was not the YA book about mental health that I was originally expecting. I think I was so desperate to love this book because it was one of the few out there that I had been able to find that was solely about teens dealing with mental health. I wanted representation within YA writing, and I took the first chance I had, despite not necessarily enjoying it as much as I had expected. I still love Finch. There are many aspects of this book that are beautiful, and heartbreaking and compelling, but I can now see where it's lacking.   Finch is still precious.   03/21/2015   Frustrating, heartbreaking and engaging. I have so many thoughts, and emotions running through my mind that this is the most coherent I can be at the moment.   Full Review   Also posted on my   blog & tumblr   ""Sometimes there's beauty in the tough words--it's all in how you read them.""   I've been noticing that recently, a lot more YA contemporaries have been coming out that are centred around mental health, and specifically suicide and depression. This makes me really fucking happy because there needs to be more representation for these kinds of issues, and not just something that's used as a plot device. All The Bright Places made me sad, cry and want to rip my hair several times throughout the book. It also gave me this strange sense of belonging. It also made me feel (even though this probably makes absolutely no sense), that I didn't need justification for enjoying my life. It made me feel that I didn't have to show anything in my life in order to prove that I'm something worth while. This is what books about mental health should strive too do. Even if they are possibly triggering, it's so important to show that these emotions shouldn't be ignored, but brought to the fore front. After that rant lets actually move on to the book.   Finch. My precious, precious Finch. He (in my opinion) perfectly captured what it can mean to be a depressed teen. How it feels as if you're life consists of treading water, and all of a sudden someone takes away your life jacket, and you realize you don't know how to stay afloat anymore. Finch was an incredibly complex character, which only furthered in showing how we can allow our emotions to define who we are. He never wanted his illness to be who he was, to become interchangeable with his character; and I feel Niven perfectly captured this mind set someone who was sick. Finch was not only precious because of his brutally honest character, but his quirky and infectious personality. He made me smile. His jokes made me smile, his reactions made me smile, his compassion made me smile. He made me smile. Niven shows that just because people make us smile, doesn't mean that they're content. I immediately wanted to protect him, keep him safe. That's the affect this character had on me. I just wanted him to be happy, because he deserved to be. I can only compare my affection for him to the protectiveness I felt over Augustus waters; and Finch trumps him. He is just too precious for his world, and needs to be protected at all costs.   Unfortunately, I didn't love Violet as much as Finch. Violet and I had are ups and downs. I was frustrated towards her originally, due to her treatment of Finch, and wanted her to gain some perspective. I thought there were moments where Violet, the Violet I cared about and wanted to triumph, shined so brilliantly, that it brought tears to my eyes. But then she would lash out at Finch, or make a comment about her own, or Finch's mental health that rubbed me the wrong way. Many of her negative feelings were completely justified, but often enough she would just be, for the lack of a better word, grumpy, and it left her less than endearing. Despite my less than warm feelings towards her, I have to give Niven credit for creating such a realistic portrayal of teenage grief. It's not pretty, or easy, or solved in a few months as many people expect it to be. It's gritty, and morbid and poignant, and Violet encompasses this. But she also shows that it can get better.   If you're looking for a YA that gives you hope in concern to suicide and depression, this is not it. All The Bright Places is melancholy, depressing, and so, so important. Even writing this review I'm tearing up because of the impact it had on me. And that's important. The messages this books gives about mental health are important, even if (for the most part) they aren't necessarily hopeful. We can't ignore the ugly, nasty parts, because they lead us into getting better, and that's important.   There were a couple things that I didn't particularly enjoy, though minuscule. I thought there were a tad too many high school cliches; popular girl liking unpopular boy, popular kids being bullies, and the whole high school hierarchy in general. Though Niven did break some of these moulds, most elements were pretty stereotypical.   There were also a couple of comments made by characters surrounding a certain event and actions taken by other characters that made cry because I was so frustrated. I understand that these bigoted views had to be portrayed in order to be realistic, but that didn't make it hurt any less.   Though Finch and Violet's relationship somewhat started out as a cliche, the development that occurred was stunning. How they grew was heartbreaking, touching and left me wanting to give both of them a hug. Because come on, neither of them did anything wrong and they deserve to be happy.   If you're going to take anything away from this review, I hope it's the incredible importance this book holds. Please, please, please give it a try, the heartbreak that awaits is worth it. Pinky swear."
408.0	1.0	This is an average picture book with the worse than average inclusion of fart jokes partially offset by the slightly better than average adorable roundness of the pony.
320.0	1.0	Seriously needs to invest in an editor!
400.0	1.0	It's like everyone in the book lost their minds and any common sense and became stupid human-looking cliche-generating automatons. Jesus.
989.0	2.0	"There are a handful of interesting turns of phrase in this collection (and I'm interested in the themes and emotions that Kaur is exploring), but I was unimpressed by milk and honey. Inserting line breaks in a trite phrase does not constitute good poetry (e.g. ""you / are your own / soul mate"" - I mean, come on). It's lovely that many people have felt understood and inspired by Kaur's words, and I hope this serves as a gateway to poetry for newcomers. If you don't fall into that camp, this is skippable."
327.0	2.0	Unlike the other Free Comic Book day comics I read this year, nothing about this one grabbed me, and I say that as a huge fan of Fight Club and a number of other earlier works of Chuck Palahniuk.
904.0	3.0	The premise behind the book is clever, 39 clues over 39 books to find a treasure of great power and worth. It seems like a way to teach kids about historical figures and/or famous places. It's even intriguing to have different authors doing the stories. The problem, though, is I don't think I could read all 39 and stay sane. This first book is all right because it's new, but the action and storyline is way too overblown. I'm thinking that this would have to be for younger kids, like 8-10, because it would otherwise drive you insane.
10.0	1.0	A bit rubbish, just not that exciting.
27.0	3.0	While the message it provides is a good one and the pictures are nice, the story for all three of the books in the trilogy (The Dot, Ish, and Sky Color) is very slight. A frustrated kid discovers a love of art by drawing dots (The Dot), and a teased kid accepts the fact that his drawings are beautiful even if they're not perfect (Ish), and an artistic child must look outside the box and reexamine her world to paint a sky that isn't blue (Sky Color).   Art fans might enjoy these as they reinforce good attributes to have, but in terms of inspiration most artists will have to look elsewhere for more substance.   http://challengingthebookworm.wordpre...
597.0	4.0	August: the holiday month. That time of the year when everyone goes off for a week or two and chills out before the madness of September takes us back to the school/work rota once again.   The same applies to Batman as regular creative team Scott Snyder and Greg Capullo take a well earned breather after their epic Zero Year storyline ended last month with writer Gerry Duggan and artist Matteo Scalera filling in for an issue (though Snyder receives a story co-credit with Duggan).   After spending the last year and a bit six years in Bruce's past, we're back in the dark present where some lunatic is murdering Dr Leslie Thompkins' patients, as well as some of Gotham's homeless, and burying them in the potters' field. Batman catches the killer. The end.   It's really that straightforward and throwaway a story. I mean, I know this is a filler issue before we get to the next big Batman arc, but we couldn't have gotten a more, well, imaginative story? This one is totally forgettable!   Early in the issue there was a close-up of the killer's face which had this weird scarred smile that made me think for a moment that this murderer might be the Joker, but it's not. Joker's too big a star to be re-introduced in such a tossed off way like this, plus, you know, the guy has a face and Joker doesn't.   The only standout moment in the issue - and not for a good reason - is how Batman captures the murderer, using a labcoat and some face-masking tech. Imagine Batman's massive frame and then compare it to a middle-aged woman's. Do you think anyone would be able to spot a difference between the two? Because apparently the killer can't! And he even puts his arms around her/him, as if he could do that with a guy as huge as Batman!   Matteo Scalera's art isn't bad - you've probably seen his work in a variety of comics for DC, Marvel and Image over the past couple years, so chances are you're familiar with it and you know whether you like it or not. I will say that there's nothing new here that I haven't seen Scalera do before in other comics, so while it's not a bad-looking issue, it's no standout either.   And that's the whole issue - a serviceable but very mediocre script from Gerry Duggan decently drawn by Matteo Scalera. If you were expecting the beginning of an amazing new Snyder/Capullo Batman arc, then you'll be disappointed with this issue, and if you haven't bought it yet, I wouldn't recommend bothering.   The Five Years Later storyline that ties into Future's End begins next issue, and if Snyder/Capullo return we'll be back to the regular high standard longtime readers have come to expect from this title. But for now, and just this rare once, there's a blip in the quality of New 52 Batman with Batman #34 being the crappiest comic in the run so far.
963.0	1.0	Maybe if I read more manga I would rate it higher? I don't think I enjoyed it enough to read the rest of the series. I did read it because a teen I know really enjoyed it.
212.0	1.0	2.5 Interesting. Not sure if i am really invested but i can see how there might be some good stories as this develops.
930.0	3.0	I have mixed feelings about this book. Interesting story. On one hand it has beautiful illustrations, and it may be used to teach children not to be tricked by niceties and appearances. However, on the other hand, at some points it reads like a horror story. I am afraid young readers may find this disturbing and the book may not be fit from the pedagogical perspective. Thank you NetGalley (Read-Now), and Diamond Books.
322.0	3.0	Most of them can't even be called poetry because they are a block of text and they are not even lyrical in any way. I'm shocked how nowadays every unfinished story can be called poetry. Or I'm just not the type to appreciate modern poetry, donno, but there were other poetry books which did resonate more with me. Her words are nothing special, I'm sorry Miss Lang, but you make me feel nothing.
488.0	3.0	Hmm... I'm hitting quite a few novels lately that are just ho-hum, and Vanished was no exception. The story follows Evelyn Baine as she travels back to her hometown, where a girl has gone missing. Kicker is, Evelyn herself was meant to be a kidnap victim of the Nursery Rhyme Killer eighteen years ago, so she puts her stubborn foot down and all but forces her way onto the case as the FBI's profiler. But it's not just the killer who awaits her return, but the police officer who grilled her to the bone last time she was there, determined to do anything to finally close this case.   I've always loved books and movies where you have a serial kidnapper or killer wrecking havoc on a small town, but this one just didn't do it for me. Evelyn and her comrades continually went between three possible suspects with very little to show for it, and it slowed the pace of the story so much it was triumph just to make it to the next chapter. Maybe it was Evelyn's complete disregard for the rules and allowing her emotions to say screw you to the necessary steps needed to gather legitimate evidence that wouldn't be thrown out in court because of unlawful obtainment, but her attitude really rubbed me the wrong way.   I get that she was meant to be a victim herself and that her childhood best friend was probably dead, but she seemed to be on a one-girl mission of stupidity going off doing illegal searches and putting herself in dangerous situations without backup or communication. I mean seriously? You're trying to get an abductor/killer put away. Don't mess it up. There are two little girls missing out there, so try not to make it all about you and your almost-but-never-happened kidnapping twenty years ago.   Sadly, by just a third of the way in, I thought the person who was responsible for the abductions was as obvious as a goldfish in a piranha tank, but for some reason, Evelyn and company were completely blind to what was right in front of them, so law enforcement comes off looking pretty stupid in this novel. It was either the killer's doing or just dumb luck that they managed to unearth anything at all.   So, meh. Don't get me wrong, This was by no means a bad book, but it lacked the necessary mystery and suspense and actual police work to get me to read the other books in this series.   ARC provided by Mira for honest review.
756.0	1.0	I just couldn't stand this book. Boring, not arousing, not enticing, did not hold me at all.
617.0	4.0	"I was really enjoying this until about 2/3 of the way in. Then I started feeling nauseous, like I'd eaten too much candy or something.   The beginning is great! The art is gorgeous! Harley is insane! I love gorgeous and insane. And I like Harley (when she's minus the Joker, as she is here).   Good, great. The beginning is really meta, with Harley fantasizing about getting her own comic and a dozen or so artists coming in and trying out their different styles and scenarios for her.   Good, great. Then Harley mysteriously inherits a property. And rescues a little dachshund that she sees being dragged around and ignored by his owner. Assassins are after her, and she murders them.   All of this is gory bloody brainless good fun. I never knew Harley was such an animal lover, but they really played it up in this collection. I think they did this more to give her an excuse to often pair off with her bff Poison Ivy.   Harley Quinn befriends Big Tony, a tenant of hers. She gets two jobs and busts her ass in order to pay rent. This is very... normal of her. It's strange. It's strange to see Harley holding down two jobs and working hard to keep a roof over her head.   Especially since she's OBVIOUSLY not adverse to murdering people or maiming them when they annoy her. There's no reason for this woman to work, is what I'm saying. She's no upstanding citizen, is what I'm saying. I'm not sure if this kind of ""daily grind"" thing is to try and make Harley more relatable... or what, but it's strange.   But not unlikable.   However, after a while the comic starts falling apart. Like when Harley accidentally ingests some love berries of Poison Ivy's. I liked that the comic had the berries make both men AND women fall in love with her (nice touch) but I was upset at the angle they were going with this. For instance, the serial killers smell it and want to kill her. Killers who smell it want to murder her as an expression of their ""love."" Arsonists who smell it want to set her on fire. I mean, what? That just didn't ring true with me and was even worse when Harley meets a female cop who ""loves"" Harley and insists that she ""smells like the best doughnuts ever."" I mean, really!?!? REALLY!!?!? Cops love doughnuts stereotypes? This came off as super-lame. I'm not even talking ""I'm offended,"" I'm talking SUPER-LAME.   Same thing when they introduce Sy Borgman or, Syborg, the elderly Jewish cyborg guy. It was just ""old Jewish man"" stereotype after ""old Jewish man"" stereotype over and over and over until I thought my head would explode. By the time he was throwing ""bagel grenades"" and cracking, ""not so kosher"" I was like ""Shoot me now."" Jeez. Again, even putting ""I'm offended"" aside, this was just very tired and very ""I'm trying too hard."" And the Russians were just as bad. Terrible accents and jokes about not being able to get cheese in Russia, etc. etc. Ugh. Tired. Lame.   And Harley's putting the hit out on herself? And then her computer conveniently gets wrecked and she doesn't know the password, so, ooops, guess those assassins will just keep on comin'? WTF? Lame.   Then, just when you think things couldn't get any worse, there's this giant poop catapult... No, I said A GIANT POOP CATAPULT, yes, you heard me correctly. I just... I can't... I don't... NO.   There's some really cute and cool stuff here. Poison + Harley, Harley riding a horror house ride, Harley raiding a kill shelter, Harley as Han Solo (this was great!) etc. etc. But the comic soon devolved from ""cute and funny, if crass and gory"" to ""we're trying too hard!"" and ""this is funny, right? FUNNY! Laugh, goshdarn you!"" very quickly, ending in a kind of disgusting, unfunny, failure way.   ...   Tl;dr - I really like Harley when she's on her own, and there's a lot of potential here. Cute, funny, but also scary as hell - Harley can really pack a punch when in the right hands. However, this did NOT go well. It's as if the writers were just trying desperately to come up with stuff and wrote down ANYTHING that came into their heads without thinking it through. It's okay for HARLEY to act like a 12-year-old, but the people behind the scenes are going to have to actually do adult work if they want this comic to succeed. For example, perhaps vetoing some ideas instead of giving the greenlight to EVERYTHING that pops into their minds.   P.S. Harley Quinn in roller derby makes complete and utter sense."
771.0	1.0	Reads like a very bad abc family tv show I would watch
555.0	2.0	** spoiler alert **   The book simply:   Poppy: I'm a manipulative bitch and an attention whore   Wink: I can't tell the difference between a story and reality and I'm also a manipulative bitch   Midnight: I exist... so um... yeah...I also have really weird taste in girls...   So.... Poppy disappears... but she was serious bitch... so why should I care? And then we find out she's being super creepy... also what the Hell is Wink on?... At first I wonder if maybe this is a special world... but it isn't...she just seems disconnected to the world, but not in an interesting way... and there's nothing special about Midnight... so basically... I felt nothing for these characters. I finished it because the time worked out with my work schedule.... but really it was boring and I just felt no connection to any character. There wasn't anything that drew me to them. Like, they could've all burned up in a terrible explosion and I just wouldn't care...   There was a twist at the end... but they just seem like spoiled bitches... At the end I feel like I should feel bad for Midnight... but in the end... I just... couldn't muster up any care for any of these characters...
752.0	2.0	"I fail to understand why this book is so highly acclaimed. Even understanding that this was written as a YA/children's book it is insultingly simple and did nothing to intrigue or captivate me.   All too frequently I found myself rolling my eyes and actually saying ""Oh, give me a break!"" More than once I said out loud how bad this book is.   Mercifully it's short, so I didn't throw it away, and managed to finish. I can think of several thousand plus page books that were easier to read, and less of a trudging mess than The Giver is. If my dog could read, I wouldn't give it to her, for fear of a cruelty to animals charge.   Wow! Terrible"
445.0	3.0	"My biggest issue with this book is that it requires way too much suspension of disbelief for it to remotely work. The crime investigated by the podcast is not a major one so I highly doubt it'd have made nacional news. Probably it'd be on reports for a bit and that's it. As sad as it sounds, we unfortunately live in a time when one murder of one man inside his house is ""common"" for lack of a more respectful word enough not to stir up much public attention. The investigation and conviction? Same thing. Our protagonist wouldn't be as famous as she claims because of it.   There's not enough to grip there for one blog article, let alone a serial podcast. Poppy wouldn't have much material to work with. And also, by the time our story starts only 2 episodes have been released; hardly enough for such a huge response as the author wants us to believe. 5 million downloads and lots of onlive convos about it? Again, it's too mundane of a crime for it.   Then we have the same old, tired, exasperating cliche of the poor girl who is dragged back to her hometown due to a death in the family even though she'd promised never to come back. Can you see my eyes rolling all the way back from there? She also has--shocking! such an innovative idea!!--a terrible relationship with her sister. Who, of course--double shocked now!--is now married to her high-school sweetheart.   And then came my biggest pet peeve... the espouse who feels betrayed that their soulmate didn't tell something about THEIR past to them. Something that is solely theirs, that is based in trauma and that they had every freaking right not to divulge. UGH. This is getting ridiculous...must be the fourth book this year with this in it. Stop, authors, just stop! No one is obligated to tell every part of their lives to their partners, it is no reason for the partners to throw a tantrum, and even worse at her mothers funeral for heaven's sake! What kind of love is that that makes it all about him at that moment??? and to me it just goes to lazy writing. To the need to create some polemic, some kerfuffle between the protagonists.   The mystery was foreseeable for miles away, the ending was mediocre. and...another cliche, because...why not? Of course the poor tormented, troubled girl had her memory confused. And of course even more she remembers right at the necessary moment.   Well, I wasted a lot of time on this novel. Hopefully the next one I'll read will be better..."
105.0	3.0	"Another book in the category of I-didn't-like-it-but-many-did. This books got a lot of rave reviews. I missed the allure.   The story of a bookish girl who works in her father's bookstore without much of a life otherwise. She receives an offer to write a biographical piece on a famous author who she's never read. Upon doing research for her eventual meeting with the author, she realizes that one of the authors most famous works calls itself ""Thirteen Tales"" but the last one in the actual book is the Twelfth. Our heroine gets involved with the cantankerous author and begins to work on her story while trying to ascertain just what the ""Thirteenth Tale"" really is.   To put it shortly and sweetly, this book is a yawner. It moves about as slowly as any book I have ever read. The main character is boring and blah - in fact, I found just about every character in the book to be rather hollow. This book is the miniseries version of a bad half-hour sitcom episode.   Skip it."
710.0	1.0	like all DK books, great pictures
247.0	5.0	"If you just take   a prose and break   it up into pieces I   don't think that you   can really call that poetry.   I am getting sick of the abuse of free verse I have observed explosively trending in contemporary poetry. Frankly, I have read many wonderful uses of free verse, and these uses were great partly because they were actually poetry. Poetry has more to it than looking like poetry. If you take a normal sentence and break it up to appear a free-verse poem, that is in no way worthy of the name ""poetry,"" but rather ""poorly formatted prose.""   The Big Smoke by Adrian Matejka is yet another addition to the Jack Johnson collection, which by now could be placed in the mythology section of a bookstore. It is a collection of Johnson-inspired poems that hardly vary in style, tone, or themes. Almost every poem states something about black rights, perseverance, or Johnson's hardships with women, and yet Matejka somehow, in 100 full pages of poems, managed to never deepen the dimensions of these themes.   Now, to the deeper and more controversial issues, for those are truly the reasons I excite about literary criticism. What is the purpose of a poem? It has become commonly agreed that poems share an experience. However, I hardly believe it stops there, and this is where I often ram heads with other theorists. An experience is not worth sharing in a poem unless it unveils an idea worthwhile. Unless a poem adds something important to my life or has the potential to add something important to the life of another, I find it pointless and a waste of good time.   A few poems in this collection handed some interesting ideas for me to sort out, primarily Cannibalism and Battle Royal - the book's first two poems. I spent two hours breaking down the possible implications of these poems and their intricate symbols and challenging ideas. Quickly I swept the book back up, thrilled to rip another bite of its meat. But I found myself highly disappointed starting at poem three and ending at the last. All of the symbols and layers had been dumped out, and Matejka resorted to rapid-firing events, all of them failing with a capital F as stand-alone poems. None carry any meaning other than their face-value, and nary actually gave the world insightful ideas when removed from the collection.   ""Belle & I returned after a fine supper   of roasted quail in the Crystal Dining   Room. Hattie was waiting in the mauve   hallway right outside our rooms.   She was angry & rigid like one   of those Buckingham guards when   it's raining. I don't know why she came   to San Francisco, but she wore the black   lace dress I bought for her in London.""   ?.....profound stuff.....?   And let's not forget the protagonist of our story, Jack Johnson. Every poem is dedicated to him, and we learn many facts about his life. Matejka clearly did his research on Johnson's life, but he completely forgot to write him as an interesting character. Instead, he leaves the protagonist flat. Apparently when you devote an entire book to one single person, fleshing out his depth is hardly necessary.   The Big Smoke is doubtlessly a bunch of broken up prose made to appear like free verse, as well as random events; yet it is hardly poetry."
975.0	3.0	"Earlier in our studies of church history, we read the wonderful work of Simonetta Carr in the Christian Biographies for Young Readers Series. It has ruined us.   In this book specifically (we, unfortunately, own several from the series) there is a horrible theological error that undermines the gospel and Christian living:   ""So William said [to Hindu's who wanted them to sacrifice to their god, kali], ""I serve a God who lives and loves all life. My God forgives, and He expects no living sacrifice.""   WHAT?!?! Ms. Meloche and the editors should read Romans 12:1-2 or Hebrews Chapter 10, not to mention the entire Old Testament.   This series is awful. Listed on CBD for ages 5-10, and on Amazon as 4 and up, this designation is completely off, even arbitrary. I would recommend these books, maybe, for preschool. For some reason, they decided to use rhyming verse, a literary style that greatly appeals to the preschool set. But in that format, the serious topics of missions, paganism, and the confrontation between light and darkness are addressed.   This is everything I hate about cheery ""christian"" literature. A sing-song, happy-happy-clap-clap approach to the very real war of the ages is infuriatingly inappropriate in preparing our children to stand for the LORD. If this kind of God will never let anything uncomfortable happen to you sweet child theology is what you are looking for, Meloche's work will suit you fine. But if you are looking to raise up godly children who are equipped to know, love and serve the amazing, awesome, Creative God, do yourself a favor: Don't buy any books in this series.   Excellent alternatives, which I have reviewed on Goodreads are:   Christian Biographies for Young Readers (Series), Simonetta Carr   https://www.goodreads.com/series/8395...   Trial & Tribulation (A single book overview of Church History), Hannula   https://www.goodreads.com/review/show...   History Lives Series by Brandon & Mindy Withrow   https://www.goodreads.com/review/show..."
732.0	1.0	Not for me, but I can understand why kids love it.
118.0	2.0	Fox is supposed to tell Bear that Goose will be right back. Simple words and nice illustrations make this a good one for young kids.
165.0	3.0	"Ehh. Passing for an early chapter book reader, but not a great story. Reader would have to be able to sound out words like ""accelerator"" and understand some British phrasing such as ""petrol-station"". Really did not like Lou Ella in her cutesy pink convertible who ""knows nothing about engines"". So retro in not a good way..."
964.0	3.0	I'm still not sure what to think of this book. I liked the main character, and the adventure/mystery was interesting and unusual in an oddball sort of way. I'm not sure i feel compelled to read another, it might feel just a tad juvenile and predictable for me.
245.0	3.0	Yeah, it was ok. If you've never read her stuff, do check this out. If you have, probably you don't need to read the book.   I love Allie Brosh. I do. And I knew this was going to have a lot of stuff I'd already read in the blog (but ages ago! I waited so long to read this partly in hopes of forgetting that stuff so it'd be fresh again!). I think all I wanted was one solid LOL from a bit I didn't remember reading before. The goose story came close, but didn't get there. And the new introspective bits weren't as insightful as the posts on depression I'd already seen online.   So now I feel like I've let down someone I've never met because I didn't like Allie's book, but at least this feels like a problem she'd have sympathy for.
759.0	1.0	I thought that it was going to be a great book for a beginning reader, but it had unfamiliar words
997.0	1.0	** spoiler alert **   Way to make the most anticlimactic ending in the history of literature, Stephanie.
608.0	3.0	So this omnibus was just confusing. It picks up after the X-Men have been brought back to life after dying on national television in Dallas. No one knows they are alive and hiding in Australia. Various members leave to discover themselves, then the remaining members go through a portal and are reborn. Then there are a few sidelines with Dr. McTaggart and the Shi'arr that feel very left field. The volume also abruptly ends in what feels like the start of the story line that the cover appears to come from.   Now I admit that some of why this was confusing was because I had to essentially stop reading it to read things for work. There were also some interesting completed story lines, such as Jubilee's joining and Psylocke's time as the Hand's assassin, but mostly I just found this very confusing. The art style felt very 80s.
822.0	1.0	Read this one to and for my children, but it never spoke to me. It never became one of their requests either.
