852	PI	What do you call three potassiums?   Racist
836	PI	A Trucker Hates Lawyers so Much That When he Sees Them he Always Runs Them Over   One day he sees a priest hitchhiking and decides to give a ride to the holy man. As they go along the road, the trucker spots a lawyer by the side of the road and steers to run him over. At the last minute he remembers the priest in the truck and swerves away hoping to avoid judgment of his sins. He says "I'm sorry father, I don't know what came over me!" The priest replies, "Don't worry, I got him with the door!"
280	PI	Rabbi and the bicycle   A visibly upset man goes to see his rabbi one day and says:  "Rabbi, you won't believe what happened to me! Last week, someone stole my bicycle from the synagogue!" The rabbi is deeply upset by this, but after thinking for a moment, he offers a solution: "Next week come to services, sit in the front row, and when we recite the Ten Commandments, turn around and look at the people behing you. And when we got to 'Thou shalt not steal,' see who can't look you in the eyes and that's your guy." The rabbi is very pleased with his suggestion, and so is the man.  And next service, the rabbi is very curious to learn whether his advice  worked. He waits for the man by the doors of the synagogue, and asks him "So dit it work? "  "Like a charm," the man answers. "The moment we got to 'Thou shalt not commit adultery,' I remembered where I left my bicycle."
575	PC	I had a friend buy a European car and he kept telling me about it breaking down.   I had to tell him that I didn't want to hear anymore of his Saab stories.
208	PI	Why are Jewish men usually circumcised?   Because Jewish women won't take anything that's less than 10% off
609	PI	What do you call four black guys hanging in a barn?   Antique farm equipment.
932	PC	How to fix America?   Unplug the power cord wait 10 seconds, plug it back again. See if it works.
725	PI	Joke mind blown   allahu=6 Akbar=5 6-5=1  9/11   1+11=12.   12-9=3   Illuminati did 9/11
47	PC	I asked an old man, "Even after 95 years, you still call your wife 'Darling', 'Honey', 'Love'. What's the secret?"   I asked an old man, "Even after 95 years, you still call your wife 'Darling', 'Honey', 'Love'. What's the secret?" . OLD MAN: "I forgot her name 10 years ago and I'm scared to ask her
985	PI	How did Donald Trump earn his millions?   He started with his dad's billions.
337	PI	What do you call a Scotsman who works in a cloakroom?Angus  Mc Coatup
581	PC	Did you hear about the Australian guy that was dancing with my computer?   He was waltzing my tilde.
155	PC	I came up with a science joke...   Why are people with diamond shoes so bad for the environment?  They have a big carbon footprint...
692	PC	I pissed off two men today because I referred to them as hipsters..   Apparently the correct term is 'conjoined twins'
862	PI	What was Hitler's favorite animal?   Da cow
790	PC	Did you know that Iceland...   ...is only one sea away from Ireland?
572	PC	When I feel like I have nobody to talk to...   I call the NSA. They're really nice because they always listen.
241	PC	A couple are walking in St. Petersburg square on Christmas Eve.   They start to feel some light precipitation   "I think it's raining" says the man   "No it's snowing" replies the woman.   "How about we ask this communist officer here?" "He is always right" exclaims the man.  "Officer Rudolph, is it raining or snowing?"    "Definitely raining" officer Rudolph replies before walking off.   The man turns to his wife and says.   "See? Rudolph the red knows rain, dear"
992	PI	A kaddish is a hymn of praises to God found in a Jewish prayer service. What is its Muslim equivalent?   A kaboom!
788	PC	Trump got angry with computers again...   Trump got angry with computers again, and ordered that White House staff are no longer allowed to use email to communicate.  Conway calmed him down and came up with a work-around. White House staff can continue using email, but in order not to anger Trump, they have to call it by a different name:   "Alternative Fax"
980	PI	How many cops does it take to change a bedroom light bulb?   None, they just beat the room for being black
498	AP	What's it called when you're killing time at work hiding in the bathroom?   Stalling.
107	AP	A boss wanted fire one of his coworkers   Boss: "I'm sorry but you are fired"  Coworker: "why? I didn't do anything?"  Boss: "Bingo"
767	PI	Miss France just won Miss Universe   The French finally won something.
839	PI	What do you call someone who is attracted to Middle Easterns?   A Hummusexual.
931	PI	My girlfriend was unhappy that I referred to her as sloppy seconds   but she was even more unhappy with Lady Leftovers
300	PI	I went to my favorite bar last night.   A Chinese guy sits down next to me. I ask him "hey, do you know karate or some other martial art"?  He says "why, because I'm Asian"? I said "no,  because you're drinking my beer".
386	AP	A priest....A priest, an  Irishman, a horse, a gorilla, a twelve inch pianist and an infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar.   The bartender says " Is this some kind of a joke?"
490	PC	American healthcare be likeOoh no insurance?  Bad news you owe $500  I am so sorry!   Oh you have insurance!  Great news, in that case bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit but fortunately all you would owe is only $700 for deductible and copay!
918	PI	A Blonde, Brunette, and Redhead all meet at the Stairway to Heaven...   An angel at the top says, "I'm going to tell a joke to you all. If you do not laugh, you may advance one stair, but if you DO laugh, you'll fall off into Hell."   The angel tells the 1st joke and the women do not laugh. They all advance. The angel tells the 2nd joke and the Redhead laughs, and she falls off the Stairway.   On the 6th joke, the Brunette laughs and falls of the Stairway.   After all 15 jokes, the Blonde makes it all the way up the stairs. The angel cheers, "Congratulations! You made it into Heaven!"   The Blonde begins to laugh hysterically.  "Why are you laughing?" The angel asks.   The Blonde responds while trying to pull herself together, "I just got the 1st joke...!"
49	AP	During science class at school, I lowered the pressure and temperature in my lab flask, and introduced some tiny ice crystals to it. But my tutor stopped me and sent me home for trolling.   How was I supposed to know it was bad to trigger snowflakes!
216	PC	I've never done drugs before.   I sidled up to the local drug dealer on the corner ...  can I get an ounce of cocaine?  look pal, I only sell grams!  fuck it, give us an ounce of grams then!
887	PI	I have a friend who rarely shows up to dinner dates but when he does only eats battered oriental prawns.   He's Tempura mental.
73	AP	Ordered 4 drinks at McDonald's.....   ....so they wouldn't think all 50 chicken nuggets were for me.
125	PI	One night a man walks into a bar looking sad.....   One night a man walks into a bar looking sad.  The bartender asks the man what he wants. The man says “Oh just a beer”. The bartender asked the man “Whats wrong, why are you so down today?”. The man said “My wife and i got into a fight, and she said she wouldn’t talk to me for a month”. The bartender said “So whats wrong with that”? The man said “Well the month is up tonight”.
565	PC	What shark has the most privilege?   A great white!
262	PI	Did you know that animals make a different sounds depending what part of the world you are in....?    For example, in China, Dogs makes a sizzling sound!   *I know I am going to hell for this but this was an old joke that was told to me. *
717	PI	Why did Bill Clinton sign the NAFTA agreement? [NSFW]   He loves a giant sucking sound.
596	PI	what does Geico and your girlfriend have in common?   Shes so easy a cave man could do her.
669	PI	The Mexican drug lord El Chapo has been extradited to the United States...   It's still unclear which cabinet post he'll be appointed to.
309	PI	Kellyanne Conway gets caught cheating.   "How could you? I've loved and trusted you and this is how you treat me?"   "What about Hillary Clinton's Emails?"
803	AP	Husband on wife's grave   Husband on wife's grave.. with a table fan.. crying... Someone comes and asks - did you love her alot? Man: Which love? she took a promise that you will re-marry when my graves goes dry - I don't know who stupid put lot of water daily here?
877	AP	I once knew a guy married to a nun...   He got nun in the morning, nun in the evening, and nun at night. Poor fella.
848	PI	What happens when you shoot a black man?   You go to jail for impersonating a police officer...
580	PC	What's the difference between a Jew and a pizza.   Pizza can have pepperoni, Jews can't.
864	PI	How do you eat a kosher meal?   You Jew it.
447	PI	Stephen Hawking is a very paranoid manHe's always looking over his shoulder.
484	PC	I don't trust anyone with a conspiracy theory, man.I think they are all up to something.
418	PI	A 4 letter word for "talks nonstop"I keep trying to enter girl, but it doesn't work.   I think the writers did this wrong.
147	PI	Guy goes to a ballgame...   ...finds his seat and sees an elderly fellow in the next row with an empty seat beside him. They get to chatting and he asks if the seat is taken:  "Not anymore. My wife and I used to go to all the games together, but she died. This is the first game I've been to since!"  "Oh, I'm so sorry. Couldn't you give the ticket to a friend, or a family member?"  "Nah. They're all at the funeral."
556	AP	Vegetarian Vampires   How do you kill vegetarian vampires? with a steak to the heart.
323	PI	A man asked God "why did you make women so beautiful"?   And He replied, "So you will love them"  The man continued, "But why did you make them so stupid?"  He replied, "So they will love you"
37	PI	I would like to propose a toast! For honor...   If you can get honor. Stay honor.  But if you can't come in her, Come honor.  For honor!!
586	PC	Donald Trump and Hilary Clinton are in a plane crash, who survives   America
438	AP	Why was the chicken unrecognizable?It crossed too much
409	AP	Why did the scarecrow win an award?Because he was outstanding in his field
52	AP	*Airhorn sound*   *Second airhorn sound*  Me: "Well this clearly isn't deodorant."
599	PI	How to stop rape?   With consent!
687	PI	Blonde   A Blonde walks into a bar, and says "OW"!
879	PI	Did you hear about the Cessna plane that crashed in a cemetery Ina Poland?   They found 208 dead so far!
716	AP	AMA! Hi, my name is Jack...   ...and I recently got fired from Apple.
243	AP	One snow day a mother is making brownies for her kids   She accidentally knocks her youngest son's jar of bb's into the brownie mix. She says "oh it'll be alright"  Several hours after the brownies were done her youngest son comes to her with tears in his eyes and says "Mommy, when I was using the restroom I was peeing and something hard came out."  She said "Oh it was just a BB, you'll be alright."  Half an hour later she's cleaning and she hears sobbing coming from the bathroom, she sees her daughter and asks what's wrong. Her daughter says "I think I have kidney stones."  The mom replies "oh it was just a BB, you'll be alright."  Later that night she hears her oldest son laughing and says "Let me guess, you were peeing and a BB came out?"  He says "No I was beating off and shot the dog!"
131	AP	Dentist: This will hurt.   Patient: OK.  Dentist: I've been having an affair with your wife since last year.
562	PC	The Italian Chef   Did you hear about the Italian Chef?   He pasta away
219	AP	When is pasta month?   I need to mark my colander.
95	PC	A Swede, an Icelander and a Norwegian end up shipwrecked on a deserted island.   One day, as they are scouring the beaches for firewood, they come across an old oil lamp, washed ashore. The Swede picks it up and wipes it gently with his shirt sleeve, clearing the sand and the dirt. Out pops a spirit. The spirit says:  "I have been trapped inside that lamp for a millennium due to a magic spell. Finally I have been set free. As a token of my gratitude, I will grant you one wish each."  The Swede states that he is fed up with that little island and he would like to go back to Trelleborg. Poof, the Swede is gone. Next up is the Norwegian. He says: "I agree. I want to go home too, back to Narvik." Poof, the Norwegian vanishes. Now only the Icelander is left. After some pondering, he makes his wish. "It's too lonely out here all by myself. I want my friends back!"
808	AP	I've searched high and low for my brother's killer   but nobody is willing to do it.
82	PI	I got a job at the strip club.   "I help the girls get dressed and undressed."  "Great gig. How much?"  "Twenty dollars a day."  "That's not very much."  "It's all I can afford."
696	PI	[NSFW]A more honest retelling of John F. Kennedy's famous quote on lunar exploration.   "We choose to go to the moon, and Marilyn Monroe's bedroom, because it is easy and because I am hard."  JFK - 1961.
306	PI	Luke cage   In marvels luke cage everyone thinks that luke has super powers because he's bullet proof.  But bullet proof black people isn't a super power it's straight up evolution.
956	PI	Stalin's political career didn't really take off, until he played the trump card   -Seize the means of reproduction!
144	AP	Stoner goes to the doctor   A stoner goes to the doctor complaining he sees cats playing soccer every night when he falls asleep. The doctor recommends he stays up for a night. Stoner says ok but he can't miss the final tonight.
999	PI	Being autistic is a bit like being a photon...   Getting from here to someplace else is instantaneous, but what happens in between is incomprehensible.  (source: am autistic)
415	PI	DinnerA husband and a wife sit at the table, having dinner.  The woman drops a bit of tomato sauce on her white top. " Och,  I look like a pig!"    The man nods, " And you dropped tomato sauce on your top!"
548	AP	Where do cheeses go to the bathroom?   In a Parma-John.
4	PC	I'm an avid supporter of the Flat Earth Society!   I always have heated debate about it with my friend residing in the other hemisphere.
704	PI	What's Irish and stays out all year?   Patty O'furniture.
707	PC	Hey guys, I made a haiku!   I have some news that Could get Hillary Clinton Arreste--  _[deleted]_
143	PI	Son : "Daddy, I fell in love & want to date this awesome girl!"   Father : "That's great son. Who is she?"  Son: "It's Tina, the neighbor's daughter".  Father : "Ohhh I wish you hadn't said that.I have to tell u something son, but you must promise not to tell your mother.Tina is actually your sister."  The boy is naturally bummed out, but a couple of months later  Son : "Daddy, I fell in love again and she is even hotter!"  Father : "That's great son. Who is she?"  Son: "It's Peny, the other neighbor's daughter."  Father : "Ohhhh I wish you hadn't said that. Peny is also your sister."  This went on couple of times and the son was so mad,he went straight to his mother crying.  Son : "Mum I am so mad at dad ! I fell in love with six girls but I can't date any of them because daddy is their father!"  The mother hugs him affectionately and says:  "My love, you can date whoever you want. Don't listen to him. He is not your Father."!!!
269	PC	A failed tv presenter, a disgraced newspaper editor and a phone hacker walk into a bar....   ..and the barman says "What'll it be, Piers?"
926	PI	Women are like grapes.   Some age like fine wine.  Some age like raisins.
479	AP	You know your pitbull loves you when...You wake up with all your limbs intact.
284	PI	What's the difference between a Muslim, a Mexican, and a white Southern voter?   A Muslim gets permission to come to America but then they take it back. A Mexican doesn't wait for permission to come to America but then they send him back. A white Southern voter acts like he's on a mission to stab America in the back.
889	PI	I went to the doctors   I have been having a lot of trouble reading lately so I went to the doctors. After a few tests he gave me a paper with my diagnosis and I apparently have something called "Lexdysia".
951	PI	I think these protesters are sending the wrong message...   because they keep telling me to Love Trump's Hate.
294	AP	A boy with a wooden eye asked a girl with a hairy lip to the prom...   Seeing how nobody else would likely go with them, the boy with the wooden eye asks the girl with the hairy lip, "Would you like to go to Prom with me?".   The girl with the hairy lip, surprised and excited says, "Would I!?".   "HAIRY LIP", replied the boy.
950	PI	I said to my girlfriend that she would look sexier with her hairback   Apparently thats an insensitive thing to say to a cancer patient
13	PC	My mother said that I'm indecisive   I couldn't understand where that came from, so I asked people. "It's because you like both dogs and cats" said my boyfriend. "No, no, no. It's because she likes both tea and coffee" said my girlfriend.
705	PI	A fireman, an old man, a smart woman and santa...   are in a room. The lights go down for a few seconds and the old man is found dead, stabbed in the back. Who killed him? The fireman, because smart women and santa don't exist.
515	AP	My wife and i decided not to have kids.   The kids are taking it pretty hard...
751	AP	What would the Greek gods have been like without their leader?   Zeusless.
356	PI	Whats the difference between ET and an illegal alien?E T learned  English and wanted to go home.
121	PI	Why did Germany almost go bankrupt?   Because the Holo-cost a lot of money. Anne Frankly, it wasn't worth it.
621	PI	Someone called me racist for saying "black paint"   Apparently the politically correct term is "Tyrone, please paint the fence."
909	PI	What do you call a particularly crabby Chinese grandma?   A crust-asian.   ^(I'm sorry....)
895	PI	I asked my friend in North Korea how life was   He said he can't complain
983	PC	People are giving Hillary too much flak for fainting   I mean come on, it was 92 degrees out there, how can you expect an older women to withstand 102 degree heat. I'd like to see you give a speech in 112 degree heat and see if you can make it as far as her.
472	AP	What do you get when you cross the Atlantic with the titanic?About halfway.
477	PI	How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irish family?Zero.
863	PI	If my girlfriend was a Pokemon her name would be......   Vulva-sore
955	PI	Donald Trump doesn't want to have sex with his daughter   He just has "alternative family values"
295	PI	A plane is crashing with President Trump...   A plane is crashing with President Trump, an old man, a little boy and the pilot. Dont ask questions. Just accept this situation. :) The plane is nearing the ground and the group is dicussing who gets the only 3 parachutes. President Trump immediately grabs one and says (With a donald trump voice)"I am the new President. I have a lot of great plans for my country. I need a parachute." He takes one and jumps.  The pilot then quickly blurts out, "I am the captain of this plane. These are my parachutes. Im taking one." He takes one and jumps.   This leaves only the little boy and the old man. The old man quickly says. "You better take the las parachute. Im old and have lived my life. You can still do great things with the time.." He is interrupted by the little boy who says. "You dont have to die! We can both go. President Trump Jumped out with my backpack!"
729	PC	What did Hillary Clinton's running mate say when reporters asked him his name?   "There are some who call me...Tim"
378	AP	Valentine's Day GiftA young lady was caught napping one afternoon on  Valentine's  Day.  She woke up when she heard the doorbell.  " I just dreamed that you gave me a pearl necklace for  Valentine's day," she said to her boyfriend. " What do you think it means?"  " You'll know for sure tonight," he replied.   That evening, the young man arrived with a small package and gave it to his girlfriend.  Delighted, she opened it and found a book entitled " The meaning of dreams."
641	PI	Have you ever heard a deaf woman moan in pleasure?   It sounds like pizza day in a special needs class.
753	PI	Women are turning into good drivers!   So if you're a good driver, watch out for women turning!
58	AP	Knock Knock   Who's there? Me. Me who? I didn't know you had a cat.
798	PI	To be Frank, it's not easy to count the number of genders.   Peter, on the other hand, is not mentally retarded and knows that there are only 2 genders.
371	PI	I only date black girlsSo  I don't have to meet their fathers
271	PI	Why do Jews get circumcised?   1. Because Jewish women won't touch anything that isn't at least 10% off.  2. Because they never leave a tip.  3. Because there's no end to those pricks.
974	PI	Last time I had sex, it felt like the 100m Olympic final.   There were 8 black men and a gun.
169	PI	A black guy with a parrot on his shoulder walks into a bar   The bartender asks: Hey cool, where'd you get it?  The parrot says: Africa
239	PI	An American and a Chinese were arguing about which government was better   The American boasts, "clearly the American government is better. You can go to the white house with a megaphone and yell 'Trump sucks!' and you wouldn't even be arrested." The Chinese replied, "what of it? You can go to Tiananmen square and yell 'Trump sucks!'  and you still wouldn't be arrested."
207	PI	My grandpa said to me: "I don't think these "Free (someone)" things are working..."   "I mean I've seen millions of these "Free Wifi" -signs through the years, but as far as I know, the poor bastard hasn't been freed yet!"
358	PI	What's the first thing Eskimos teach their kids?Don't eat yellow snow.
874	PI	Helping a friend   So I got a text from my friend this morning telling me he was going to kill himself.  Do I reply? Or just leave him hanging.
600	PI	A man goes up to an indian woman...   he says "you must be ladesh?"   she goes "what do you mean?"   "well this summer, im goin to Bangladesh"
509	AP	What do the final scene of titanic and the iPhone 7 have in common?   They both could've fit the jack
434	PI	The terra-cotta warriors are fakeThey were mass-produced in  Chinese sweatshops.
585	PC	What do you call a hookers fart?   A prostitoot
34	PI	Sure Fire Pickup Line   “Get in the car bitch……I got a gun!”
634	PI	Did you hear that Hillary dropped out of the presidential race?   They did a colonoscopy and found out she had a brain tumor.
433	AP	I'm gonna name my first kid Robot.That way no matter what he'll always have a job!
311	PI	A group of bureaucrats from the EU are out on a chartered luxury liner through the Pacific.   A storm blows up, the cruiser starts to sink, and everyone abandons ship. By a quirk of fate, the only survivors are two men and one woman from each of the EU countries. They stagger onto the shore of a beautiful desert island. After three months, things have changed.  One Italian man has killed the other Italian man in a fight over the Italian woman.  The two Frenchmen and the French woman are enjoying a threesome, but complain bitterly about the multitude of foreigners on their island.  The two Englishmen are waiting patiently for someone to introduce them to the English woman.  The German men have a strict, weekly alternating sex schedule; the woman gets weekends off.  The Dutch men are fully prepared, in general, to share the woman. However, they are still debating how to ensure that both will have an exactly equal share, how to reduce supervision cost, and how to guarantee the woman equal rights. They are writing to the Hague.  The Luxemburg men are still recovering from the shock of seeing half the population of Luxembourg stranded on the island. But they will soon start collecting seashells on the beach.  The Finnish men took one look at the endless ocean, one look at the Finnish woman, and started swimming.  They were soon overtaken by the Portuguese men.  The Danish trio embarked on a search for people to join them in an orgy. They gladly accepted the participation of the Finnish woman, and are still vainly trying to persuade the Portuguese woman.  The Spanish men are protecting the virginity of the Spanish woman and are constantly suspiciously spying on one another. Meanwhile, she dances flamenco.  The Austrian men initiated a yodelling contest for the woman. The loser immediately started learning flamenco, as well as Portuguese, Finnish and Danish.  The Greek men are sleeping with each other and the Greek woman is cleaning and cooking for them.  The Swedish woman keeps on bitching about female exploitation while the men are sunbathing and waiting for her to tell them what to do.  The Irish began by setting up a distillery for which they expect to receive a substantial EU subsidy. They don't recall if sex is in the picture, because it gets sort of foggy after the first few rounds of coconut whisky. But they're happy that, at least, the English aren't getting any.  Disclaimer: this joke is from an old joke book I own. This joke stood out the most to me as I remember bits of it since I was a teen. Hope you enjoy it!!
701	PC	How many therapists does it take to change a lightbulb   One... but the lightbulb has to want to change.
475	PI	The Mexican word of the day..The  Mexican word of the day is cashew.   Like  I'll cashew outside, how bout dat?
331	PI	An Englishman, a Frenchman, a ravishing blonde and a homely brunette......are sharing a compartment on a train as it winds its way through the  Alps.  Every now and then the train passes through a tunnel, during which time the compartment is plunged into complete darkness.  On one such occasion, a ringing slap is heard and as the train passes back into daylight, the  Frenchman is rubbing his sore, red cheek.  The brunette thinks ' I bet that dirty  Frenchman fondled the blonde and she struck the pervert.'  The blonde thinks ' I bet that filthy  Frenchman was looking to grope me in the dark, mistook the dowdy brunette for me and she slapped the beast.'  The  Frenchman thinks ' I bet that perfidious  Englishman touched up the blonde in the dark and she slapped me by mistake.'  The  Englishman thinks ' I can't wait for another tunnel so  I can slap that  French twat again.'
473	AP	I don't usually brag.....I don't usually brag about my finances, but my credit card company calls me almost every day to tell me my balance is outstanding.
615	PI	Did you guys hear that Republicans are trying to end racism?   Shit my time machine is broken again.
7	AP	My pal is a comedian.   He woke me up late last night and asked if I could write a few gags for his set in a couple of days, because his mom just died and he was busy with her funeral. I agreed to help him out and asked if he had a topic in mind.   He said, sorry, I'm too upset to be thinking about chocolate right now.  Looks like I'm going to need help.
421	AP	I went by the house I grew up in and asked if I can take a look around, but they said "no" and slammed the door on meMy parents can be real jerks sometimes.
266	PI	A death row inmate asks as his last request to talk to Donald Trump.   Because he has nothing better to do, Trump agrees and meets with the man the day before his execution.  Trump: "So, uh, what did you do?"  Inmate: "I shot a bunch of people in a liquor store robbery, burned down a hospital and stole all their drugs, molested farm animals, blew up an orphanage, set homeless people on fire for fun, and sold my mother into sexual slavery in Thailand."  Trump: "Wow.  And why'd you wanna see me?"  Inmate: "Because despite all the horrible things I've done, I can take my last comfort in being reminded of one fact - at least I'm not you."
56	PI	Whats the different between batman and a black man?   Batman can go out without robin ;)
384	PC	If Christians have the Daily Bread, what do Buddhists have?The  Daily  Lama
183	PI	A woman tells her husband that she's giving up sex for lent...   A woman is laying in bed with her husband and says "This year for Lent, I'm going to give up having sex."  The husband says, "What? That's crazy!"  She replies, "Well, not with everyone. Just with people I don't love or care about."  Incensed, the husband yells, "How many people are you sleeping with?!"  "Just you, dear."
391	PI	Who do you call when you get robbed in Mexico?9- Juan- Juan
871	PI	What is Bruce Lee's favorite food?   Whoppaaah
200	PI	A Chinese man is at a wedding   And he's approached by a Jewish man who is clearly very drunk and the Jewish man says to him, "Hey, I just wanted to let you know, I still blame YOU for Pearl Harbor."   And the Chinese man says, "What are you even talking about, that was the Japanese, I'm Chinese."   To which the Jewish man replies, "Chinese, Japanese, you all are the same to me." And he walks away.   Well this upset the Chinese man a bit so he decided to get a few drinks in him to help him calm down and maybe forget about the incident altogether.   And so the Chinese man proceeded to drink until the wedding was over and as he was walking out he saw the Jewish man who had upset him earlier and being as inebriated as he was he decided to say something.   The Chinese man goes to Jewish man, "Hey Buddy, I just wanted to let you know that I still blame YOU for the Titanic."   "The Titanic?" Said the Jewish man, "What are you even talking about, that was an iceberg?"   And the Chinese man says with a smug smile on his face, "Goldberg, iceberg, you're all the same to me."
100	AP	A man stands, chain smoking at a bus stop...   A man stands, chain smoking at a bus stop.  The woman standing next to him says "Hey, don't you know that those things can kill you? I mean, didn't you see the giant warning on the box?!"  "That's OK..." says the guy, puffing casually, "I'm a programmer"  "So? What's that got to do with anything?"  "Errors are serious, warnings are nothing...".
59	AP	What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean?   I've never had a garbanzo bean on my face.
494	AP	I broke my arm in a couple places; know what the doctor said?   "Stay out of those places!"
894	PI	A wife is like a hand grenade...   Take off the ring and say good bye to your house.
146	PI	Blonde car   A blonde tried to sell her old car. She was having a lot of problems selling it, because the car had 200,000 miles on it. One day, she told her problem to a brunette she worked with at a salon. The brunette told her, "There is a possibility to make the car easier to sell, but it's not legal." "That doesn't matter," replied the blonde, "If I only can sell the car. "Okay," said the brunette. "Here is the address of a friend of mine. He owns a car repair shop. Tell him I sent you and he will turn the counter in your car back to 50,000 miles. Then it should not be a problem to sell your car anymore." The following weekend, the blonde made the trip to the mechanic. About one month after that, the brunette asked the blonde, "Did you sell your car?" "No," replied the blonde, "why should I? It only has 60,000 miles on it."
685	PI	Are you TRYING to break the laws of physics?   Because your bi*ching is the only thing constant.
396	PC	BREAKING: White House staffer leaks that the President was surprised to learn that Checks and Balances didn't refer just to...bank accounts
893	PC	What did Trump tell Yates?   You're fired.
316	AP	Two women are sitting at a bus stop...   They're both smoking, and it starts to rain. One if them out her cigarette out, and the other took out a condom to put over the cigarette so she could continue smoking.  The woman looks at the one with the condom and says, "wow that's neat, what is it and where can I get one?"  The other woman replies, "it's a condom, you can get them at any of your locals pharmacies."  So the woman walks to a nearby pharmacy. She goes up to the counter and asks the cashier, "hey can I have a pack of condoms please?"  The cashier says, "sure what size?"  To which she replies, "the size that can fit a camel."
176	PI	My Grandfather told me my generation is to reliant on technology.   I told him, "no Grandpa, yours does."    Then I unplugged his life support.
180	PI	Girlfriend said I need to moisturize   I told her I moist my eyes every day when I think of what Europe has become.
834	PI	"No one cares about the jews"   "Yeah, they do"  "No they don't. During the holocaust i killed 3 jews and one clown"  "Why one clown?"  "See? No one cares about the jews"
766	PC	Did you hear about the Italian that died?   He pasta way
19	AP	Pass the dam fish!   A boy is selling fish on a corner. To get his customers' attention, he is yelling, "Dam fish for sale! Get your dam fish here!" A pastor hears this and asks, "Why are you calling them "dam fish." The boy responds, "Because I caught these fish at the local dam." The pastor buys a couple fish, takes them home to his wife, and asks her to cook the dam fish. The wife responds surprised, "I didn't know it was acceptable for a preacher to speak that way." He explains to her why they are dam fish. Later at the dinner table, he asks his son to pass the dam fish. He responds, "That's the spirit, Dad! Now pass the fucking potatoes!"
806	PI	I'm going to set up a Kickstarter for all the trump protestors...   Not to donate to them, for them to donate to me. That way I can afford to take off work and do something as meaningful...like rocket league or GTA online
68	PI	The Imperial Wizard of the KKK was just found dead near a river in Missouri...   Man, the moment the EPA gets threatened people start dropping white trash in our water.
795	PI	What do you call a Nazi hurricane?   A Tornadolf...  I'll see myself out.
453	AP	How many psychiatrists does it take to change a lightbulb?Only 1, but the lightbulb has to be willing to change
231	PC	What do you call to Donald Trump's business card?   A trump card
616	PI	What's Hitlers favourite Drum & Bass tune?   The Nein.
53	AP	Celebrating birthdays is good   Numerous studies say that people who celebrate more birthdays live for longer
246	PC	Trump & Trudeau   Donald Trump and Justin Trudeau were we discussing politics when Donald leans in close and says:  Donald: You know Justin, if the US were a Dictatorship I would be a Dictator.  Justin: Yea, I suppose so Donald.  Donald: And you know if the US were a Monarchy I would be a Monarch.  Justin: That's also true Don, but I hate to break it to you, the US is a Country.
913	PI	what's the difference between a black man and a box of donuts   one of them's already full of holes before the cops see them
709	PI	What's the best way to kill your Mother-in-law?   "No idea, your Honor".
814	PI	The European Union is disgusting! Absolutely disgusting!   EU!
23	PI	What's the difference between a Jew in Nazi Germany and pizza ?   Pizza doesn't scream when you put it in the oven .  I'm so sorry.
336	AP	I wish life was like a hairstyleSo you could just cut it off and get a new one
570	PC	March winds bring April Showers. April showers bring...   Pilgrims.  On the Mayflower.
811	PI	I had an Germany born English teacher in high school.   If you know what I mean.
481	PI	If Vladimir Putin wanted to poison a Mexican political enemy, would he use pollonium...Or would he be too chicken?
113	AP	Bill Gates and Steve Jobs Talk At A Bar After a Long Day of Gettin' Money   Bill: So I went to the bank yesterday to talk about a loan   Steve: What do you need a loan for?    Bill: Oh, I don't. The bank does.
168	PI	I think Trump's wife just goes to show...   Immigrants do the jobs average Americans won't.
762	PC	A Russian, Trump and a Mexican are captured by an Amazonian tribe   They are condemned to 50 hits with a stick. The Russian goes first.   After the Russian gets all 50 of his hits it's Trump's turn. Feeling bad they give him 1 request. Trump asks them to halve his beating.   After Trump was done they felt really bad for the Mexican. They gave him 2 requests. The Mexican asks them to triple his beating. Astonished, the tribe asks what is the second request.  Mexican: Put Trump on my back
362	PI	A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead are stranded on an island...The island is 10 miles from shore and without any other possible way to leave, the woman decide swimming is the only way off.  The redhead goes first, she manages to make it 3 miles before she gets tired and drowns.  The brunette then goes after, she makes it farther than the redhead but still finds herself tired and drowns five miles away from shore.  Finally, it's the blonde's turn.  She makes it five miles before feeling and tired and swims back to the island.
697	PC	A Jamaican is asked, use Dandelion in a sentence ...   He then says ... "The cheetah is faster dandelion"
730	PI	Two nuns are sitting on a park bench...   Two nuns are sitting on a park bench. A man in a trench coat runs up and flashes them.  The first nun has a stroke. The second nun tried but she couldn't reach.
543	AP	How did Reese die while eating cereal?   Witherspoon
25	AP	A woman runs into a doctor’s office and says “DOCTOR! DOCTOR! You have to help me! Everywhere I touch on my body it hurts!”   A woman runs into a doctor’s office and says “DOCTOR! DOCTOR! You have to help me! Everywhere I touch on my body it hurts!”  The doctor replied, “Show me.”  So the woman poked her ankle and screamed of pain. Then she poked her knee and yelled OW. She poked her forehead and screamed again.  She was about to continue when the doctor said, “That’s enough, let me think this over.” He thought for about a minute and said “I think I know what your problem is. You broke your finger.”
289	PI	A Jewish man walks into a bar...   He sits down and orders a drink. After a while he gets bored and tells the bartender  "Bartender... Tell me a funny joke."  The bartender tells him  "Hitler killed millions of Jews and one clown."  The Jewish man, dumbfounded, tells him  "... I don't get it. Why the clown?"  The bartender  "See, nobody ever gives a shit about the Jews."
197	AP	If Harry Potter were about pirates:   "It's Levi-O-sARRRRRRR"
11	PI	God, I wish that I’d used a condom now.   My wife walked in to the room when I was in the middle of a furious argument with our son. When he ran out of the room crying, I said to my wife, “God, I wish that I’d used a condom now.” My wife was aghast and said, “What! You mean you wish that our son had never been born?”  I said, “No, I’ve got his girlfriend pregnant.”
988	PI	If Bill Clinton ever says "I can't. My wife would kill me"   What he really means is his wife would have him killed.
628	PI	What did the canibal do after he dumped his girlfriend?   He wiped
233	PI	What's a joke that was funny in early America, but is even more hilarious in the present day middle east?   "Women's rights"    *^ba-dum ^ching*
734	PI	You can make jokes about anything, except Mexicans   That's crossing the border.
655	PI	My dad was an illiterate pirate    Tragically, he was lost at C.
242	AP	A nurse walks up to the Doctor   The nurse walks up to the doctor and asks... Doc, what are you doing?  Doc says... I'm writing a prescription.  Nurse says, but you're holding your thermometer.  Doc looks at her and says God Damn it some asshole has my pen
276	PI	A young liberal arts student walks into a bar...   A young liberal arts student walks into a bar. He sat down and ordered 2 beers.   An Asian guy sitting on his right hand side stared at him and went: so, how does it feel to be in the mid 20s but still live with your parents?   The young liberal arts student was instantly surprised. "Yes! I lives with my parents!" he thought to himself:"but how did this guy know? Do I know this guy?" He then did a quick brain search, but couldn't think of a single Asian guy he knew. So he maintained his composure, and replied calmly: "Sir, I'm sure you mistook me for someone else. I moved out the day I enrolled in college."  5 minutes later, the Asian guy tried again to start a conversation by saying:"So, did your dad get the tenure? Or still an assistant prof?"  The young liberal arts student got flabbergasted! His father actually teach in the same college he attends! What's going on? Is this Asian guy a family friend? He searched through his mind once more. Nope, couldn't think of any Asian guy he had ever made acquaintance under any circumstance. Probably just some random drunk. So he replied: "Look, I don't know who you are but you better leave me alone. My father is a lawyer, not a teacher."  Soon an African guy walked in and sat on his left. The African guy took a glance at him and went:"Hey there young fellow, how's your culture study thesis going?"  The young liberal arts student was completely baffled. "Oh my god." He thought."I am working on a culture study thesis! How the hell did he know! I'm positive I don't know this guy!"  "OK!" the young liberal arts student finally snapped:"OK I lied. I live with my parents. I have a father that is teaching at the same college I go to. And I'm a culture studies major. OK, you got me, you happy? But how the fuck did you know? I don't fucking know you! I don't fucking know any of you! Just wtf is going on???"  The bartender turned around. He picked up a cup and started cleaning. With a smile, he said:"Who else wears an antifa hoodie to a bar?"
77	AP	I hate seeing penises and people peeing   Looks like I am allergic to peanuts
916	PC	Trump Executive Order #16   Trump: From now on, 2+2 will equal 5.  Reuters: But that can't be right, 2+2=4. We proved that, too!  Trump: You can say 2+2=4, but this is alternative math.
698	AP	My friend died from eating too much waterfowl   I thought he had lived a good, happy life  He told me that he was full of Egrets
444	AP	Jack and his llama walked into a bar...They ordered a drink and had a good time.
594	PI	How long does it take a black woman to shit?   9 months!
67	PI	If it's yellow, let it mellow   If it's brown, stop it at the border and submit it to extreme vetting.
89	PI	Site of the 2017 Dane county massacre.   All that is left after tens of snowmen were brutally melted on this spot by a massive indifferent ball of fire.
393	PI	So I know the Mexicans probably think the wall will be too expensive...But they'll get over it.
154	AP	A kindergarten student told his teacher he'd found a cat...   A kindergarten student told his teacher he'd found a cat, but it was dead. "How do you know that the cat was dead?" she asked her student. "Because I pissed in its ear and it didn't move," answered the child innocently. "You did WHAT?!?!?!" the teacher yelled in shock. "You know," explained the boy, "I leaned over and went 'Pssst!' and it didn't move."
673	PI	A woman gets on a bus with her baby   The bus driver says: "That's the ugliest baby that I've ever seen." The woman goes to the rear of the bus and sits down, fuming. She says to a man next to her, "That driver just insulted me!" The man says, "You go right up there and tell him off! Go ahead, I'll hold your monkey for you."
417	PI	Three guys were sitting in a bar talking. One was a Doctor, one was a Lawyer, and one was a Biker.After a sip of his martini, the doctor said; " You know, tomorrow is  my anniversary.  I got my wife a diamond ring and a new  Mercedez.  I  figure that if she doesn't like the diamond ring, she will at least like the  Mercedez, and she will know that  I love her."   After finishing his scotch, the lawyer replied; " Well, on my last  anniversary,  I got my wife a string of pearls and a trip to the   Bahamas.  I figured if she didn't like the pearls, she would at least like the trip, and she would know that  I love her."    The  Biker then took a big swig from his beer, and said; " Yah, well  for my anniversary,  I got my old lady a tee-shirt and a vibrator.  I figured if she didn't like the tee-shirt, she could go fuck herself."
299	PI	Indian business   Joseph Mandelbaum and Benjamin Rosenblatt,  partners in the garment industry, are having their worst season ever. Ten thousand Madras sports coats are hanging on the rack unsold, and bankruptcy is imminent.  Out of the blue, in walks a buyer from Australia looking for Madras sports jackets.  "Would you guys have any for sale?" asks the Australian, "I have been looking for them everywhere."  After a brief pause to catch his breath, Joseph admits that there might be a few left. Soon a deal is concluded for ten thousand jackets, to be shipped to Australia at a handsome profit.  "There is one thing;" says the buyer, "for this large order I need to get confirmation from my home office. There should be no problem, so unless I send you a cable by the end of the week, the deal is on."  The week creeps by, with the partners anxiously waiting to see if the Australian will change his mind. At ten minutes to five on Friday, Benjamin is closing up the shop when there is a knock at the door and a voice shouts, "Telegram!"  The partners freeze. Trembling, Joseph grabs the cable and opens it. Suddenly his face lights up. "Bennie! Great news! Your wife just died!"
726	PI	Easiest Way Of Getting Married   A Boy Asked His Girlfriend’s Dad, Boy: “Its Just A Formality, But I Still Want To Ask You. Can I Marry Your Daughter?” The Dad Gets Shocked And Asks: “Who Said Its Just A Formality?” The Boy Replies: “The Gynecologist.”
199	PI	Women are time and money   Women = time • money  Time is money   Women = money^2  Money is the root of all evil  Therefore   Women = Evil
510	AP	What did one snowman say to the other?   "Weird...I smell carrots, too."
39	AP	Is your refrigerator running?   If it's not, you better check the connections on the back, or call a maintenance guy. Hopefully you didn't lose power. I'd make sure to get it figured out soon so your food doesn't go bad.
206	PI	I thought a vasectomy wouldn't get my wife pregnant..   Turns out, all it does is just change the color of the baby.
530	AP	The person who made the shovel should receive an award   It was groundbreaking work.
943	PI	"Hand me downs"   Apparently not the right way to ask the wife to hand me our disabled baby.
446	PI	If your life is awful, get a rope and a stool...and find the next tree.  Throw the rope over a branch and attach the stool to the rope.     Now you've got a swing.
482	AP	Here's an insider tip that will save you thousands on your next vacation.Don't go.
525	AP	My wife bought a new plant for for the house. I didn't like it at first...   ...but it's starting to grow on me.
768	PC	Two politicians die and arrive at the Pearly Gates.   Two politicians die and arrive at the Pearly Gates.  St. Peter says "You get to choose which place you want to go to.  I'll show you each place today and you can sleep on it and decide tomorrow."  So he takes them to heaven and everybody's sitting on gold jeweled thrones playing harps and singing God's praises.  They both say "Oh, this looks good."    But St. Peter insists on bringing them to the other place.  The Devil answers the door and brings them to a big banquet hall with every kind of food and delicacy to choose from-- steak and lobster and caviar and fresh vegetables and fruits.  The wine is flowing, and there's plenty of coke, and there are some gorgeous women who seem interested in the 2 politicians.  All their friends are there singing and dancing and telling jokes.    Then they leave and go to sleep outside the Pearly Gates for the night.  The next morning St. Peter asks "Well, which place do you want?"  They say "Well, heaven  is a really nice place.  But I think we'll be more comfortable down in hell with my friends."        So St. Peter brings them down to hell.  The Devil answers the door.  There are all these people standing in excrement up to their butts, drinking coffee.  Then the Devil says "Okay, coffee break's over, go back to standing on your heads now."    The politicians get mad,  "Why did you deceive us, St. Peter?" they ask.  St. Pete Says "This is the Devil's place.  Talk to him about it."  So they turn to the Devil and say "That's not fair.  Why did you deceive us?"    The Devil says "Yesterday we were campaigning.  This morning you voted for us."
635	PI	What's the worst part about shaking a one-armed man?   You know that's his masturbating hand
267	AP	Uriel   Uriel goes to Michael.  "I am going to become a muse. Here's my flaming sword."  "What will you use instead?"  "My pen, idiot!"
370	PI	I like my violence like I like I beer...... domestic
915	PI	What do you call a black guy eating KFC?   A bandwagonner.
678	PI	How do Muslims do foreplay?   They tickle the goat on the chin.
837	PI	Now that Donald Trump having a real shot at the presidency, who is most afraid?   ​Every Juan!
967	PI	What's the difference between a chickpea and a green pea?   Trump wouldn't pay $1000 to have a green pea on him.
559	PC	My Mom burned my Hawaiian pizza today...   I guess she should have put the oven on aloha setting...
842	PI	North Korea reminds me of a redhead   Because they both have no Seoul
568	PC	What's the difference between a hungry girl and a horny girl?   Where she puts the cucumber.
293	PI	What do you call someone who stereotypes Asians?   A Rice-ist
878	PI	A christian walks into a bar   A christian walks into a bar, then a jew walks into a bar, then a muslim walks into an ALLAHU AKBAR    BOOM
109	PI	I love sleeping so much!   \* Opens my eyes \*  Doctor: You were in Coma for four years.  Me: Just five more minutes please.  \* Goes back to sleep \*
148	PI	Everyone has secrets   Billy, learned at school that everybody has secrets. So, he decided to take advantage of it.   His mom, obviously scared to death: "Here, take 100 euros and say NOTHING to your father about it, okay?"   "Okay mommy!" says Billy and leaves the room with a big smile on his face.   When his dad came from work, he did the same to him as well: "Daddy, daddy! I found out everything!"   Numb, his father puts his hand on his pocket: "Here, take 350 euros and say NOTHING to your mother, okay?"   "Okay!" says Billy with a bigger smile on his face.   The next morning, on his way to school, he sees the Postman. He thought he could try it to him too:   "Mr. Focker, I know everything!"   The Postman, the minute he heard it, fell on his knees and wide opened his arms: "Then come to Daddy!"
99	AP	Jeff won 20 million dollars   But he did not know about it and his family did. They were afraid that if they told him he would have a heart attack, so they chose his favourite brother Ted to tell him easily. "If you won 20 million dollars, what would you do with them?" Said Ted. "I would give you half of them" said Jeff.  Today is Ted`s funeral.
381	PI	It's not that the Massacre at Bowling Green didn't happen...It was just an alternative event.
345	PI	The Godfather and his AttorneyThe  Godfather, accompanied by his attorney, walks into a room to meet with his accountant.  The  Godfather asks the accountant, " Where's the three million bucks you embezzled from me?"  The accountant doesn't answer.  The  Godfather asks again, " Where's the three million bucks you embezzled from me?"    The attorney interrupts, " Sir, the man is a deaf-mute and cannot understand you, but  I can interpret for you."    The  Godfather says, " Well, ask him where the @#!* money is."  The attorney, using sign language, asks the accountant where the three million dollars is.  The accountant signs back, " I don't know what you're talking about."  The attorney interprets to the  Godfather, " He doesn't know what you're talking about."  The  Godfather pulls out a pistol, puts it to the temple of the accountant, cocks the trigger and says, " Ask him again where the @#!* money is!"    The attorney signs to the accountant, " He wants to know where it is!"  The accountant signs back, " Okay!  Okay!  The money's hidden in a suitcase behind the shed in my backyard!"  The  Godfather says, " Well, what did he say?"  The attorney interprets to the  Godfather, " He says that you don't have the guts to pull the trigger."
134	PI	We had our first child and he's beautiful, but he had a rare birth defect.   He was born without eyelids. We had to keep his eyes irrigated and shielded from light while they searched for a pediatric plastic surgeon who could correct it.  Fortunately one of the top surgeons in our region was available. When our attending physician explained the situation to him, he asked, "Has the patient been circumcised yet?" Our doc replied that he hadn't, and the surgeon explained his plan.  The NICU cut a short length of 5mm silicone tubing and placed it over the tip of our newborn's penis, then carefully stretched his little foreskin over the end of the tubing and taped it in place. After 12 hours they replaced it with 7.5mm tubing, then after 24 hours they replaced that with 10mm tubing.  The next day the surgeon arrived. They wheeled our baby into surgery where he performed the circumcision and then immediately used the recovered, stretched tissue to replace the missing eyelids.  Afterward, the surgeon explained to us that he's done this surgery only three times before but it was always successful, and since it used the baby's own tissue there was virtually no chance of rejection.  We thanked the surgeon and asked if there were any side effects we should look out for.  "Well," he said thoughtfully, "he'll probably be a little cockeyed."
544	AP	I blew a speaker in my truck today   He was a motivational speaker. Felt pretty good about myself afterwards.  Gotta love Doug Stanhope.
244	AP	Colleagues   A female student walks down the street of a college town. She had a stressful day and is dying to smoke a cigarette, but her lighter simply won't work. Then she notices a few young women hanging out on street corner. She's shy, but eventually works up a courage to approach them. Out of nervousness she blurts out:   **Dear colleagues, I was wondering if you had a light?**  One of the women produces a lighter, and the student walks away, puffing away happily. The women watch her go, and finally one remarks:  **Puts out once, and now we're "colleagues"...**  Let the downvotes begin... ;)
135	PI	Going To The Movies   I told my wife I wanted to watch a movie about a billionaire playboy with a penchant for darkness, inflicting violence and dressing up in masks.  She got excited and asked, "Are we really go to see *50 Shades*?"  I laughed and told her I was talking about *The Lego Batman Movie*.
590	PC	Why are Ewoks so happy when Scandinavian people come to live with them?   Because they become Endor-Fins
158	AP	Why did the chicken cross the road?   Why did the chicken cross the road? "To get to the other side" Nope to get to the idiots house. "Oh"  knock knock "who's there?" The chicken.
459	AP	There are three men on a boat with a pack of cigarettes and no matches. How did they manage to smoke?They threw a cigarette overboard, and made the boat a cigarette lighter
368	PC	Why can't Hindi people fight with each other?Because they can't have beef!
838	PI	A way of getting the detail of sexy girl near to me   Now I am in a room with 3 sexy girls and I only know two of them,  I am planning use Pythagorean theorem to get the details of third beautiful sexy girls...
884	PC	There's a French guy with tourettes syndrome who keeps yelling goodbye at random people.   There's much adieu about nothing.
366	PC	Americans make the best jokes...Sorry  I meant  President.
405	PI	How do you get a jewish girls number?You roll up her sleeve.
946	PI	We need immigrants to do jobs that Americans don't want to do...   As two thirds of Trump's wife are immigrants
425	PI	Fun fact: there are obese people outside the USAyeah, fat americans on vacation...
927	PI	Why do feminists hate the postal service?   Because they deliver straight white mail.
911	PI	Whats the differebce between an Afghani Military Base and a Pakistani Elementary School?   I don't know, I just fly the drone.
865	PI	The Chinese are up to something   I can see it in their eyes.
941	PI	To some people, the words "Do Not Touch" leave them terrified   Especially when it's written in Braille.
50	AP	I recently came into some money.   You should have seen the look on the cashier's face
343	AP	Set a fire for a man,And you'll keep him warm for a night.   Set a man on fire, and you keep him warm for the rest of his life.
186	PI	I recently had sex with a girl who I thought I was legal age   A wave of horror came over me when I noticed her toe tag said "15 years old"
815	AP	What did the prostitute say to the leper?   Thanks for the tip!
784	PI	I met two trannies at a bar one with a prosthetic leg   One was named amanda the other ilene
529	AP	I once dreamed that I fell down a flight of stairs.   I was so relieved when I woke up safely in the hospital.
184	AP	A dolphin goes into the bar.   The barman says, 'Well, that was a bloody big tsunami!'
642	PI	A pregnant prostitute visits her Doctor...   The Doctor asks, "do you know who the father is?"  The prostitute replies, "if you ate a can of beans, would you know which one made you fart?"
478	PI	According to a recent study, men on dating sites are more popular if they mention dancing or cooking.Because if there’s one thing women love, it’s a man who can lie.
338	AP	How does a farmer count his cows?With a  C O Wculator...   But, what if they all have babies?   Then he  M O Otiplies them!   Man,  I'm really milking these puns for more than they're worth...
254	PI	A Girls Sleepover   Amy: Truth or dare?  Lingling: Truth.  Amy: Where's Sarah's dog?  Lingling: Dare.    **lmao this is old asf and i am in no way racist, this just made me laugh**
817	PI	The elderly Italian man went to his parish......   The elderly Italian man went to his parish priest and asked if the priest would hear  his confession. "Of course, my son," said the priest. "Well, Father, at the beginning of World War Two, a beautiful woman knocked on my door  and asked me to hide her from the Germans; I hid her in my attic, and they never found her." "That's a wonderful thing, my son, and nothing that you need to confess," said the priest. "It's worse, Father; I was weak, and told her that she had to pay for rent of the attic with  her sexual favors," continued the old man. "Well, it was a very difficult time, and you took a large risk -you would have suffered terribly  at their hands if the Germans had found you hiding her; I know that God, in his wisdom and mercy,  will balance the good and the evil, and judge you kindly," said the priest. "Thanks, Father," said the old man.  "That's a load off of my mind. Can I ask another question?" "Of course, my son," said the priest.  The old man asked, "Do I need to tell her that the war is over?".
285	PI	So I heard today...   Trump's wall budget is 3 Billion more than NASA's budget for the year...apparently NASA doesn't deal with as many aliens as trump does.
677	PI	Why is China Overpopulated ?   Because their condoms are made in china.
777	PC	The Bollywood version of the Dr Jekyll story is more childish.   Hyde and Sikh.
829	PI	What's the hardest part of a vegetable?   His wheelchair
550	AP	I'm not keen on Neanderthal comedy.   It's very low-brow humour.
875	PC	Why couldn't the chemist laugh at the queens fart?   Because noble gases are nonreactive.
824	PI	Trump is single-handedly bringing down America.   Actually, I take it back.  With hands that small, he'd have to use them both.
982	PI	Donation Request ----SENT FROM FORMER 3 STAR GENERAL, FORMER SENATOR, ROBERT WINGLASS ( AND CLASSMATE )     Dear Friends: I have the distinguished honor of being a member of the Committee to raise $50,000,000 for a monument to Hillary R. Clinton. We originally wanted to put her on Mt. Rushmore until we discovered there was not enough room for her two faces. We then decided to erect a statue of Hillary in the Washington, D.C. Hall of Fame. We were in a quandary as to where the statue should be placed. It was not proper to place it beside the statue of George Washington, who never told a lie, or beside Barack Hussein Obama, who never told the truth, since Hillary could never tell the difference. We finally decided to place it beside Christopher Columbus, the greatest Democrat of them all. He left not knowing where he was going, and when he got there he did not know where he was. He returned not knowing where he had been, and did it all on someone else's money.   Thank you,  Hillary R. Clinton Monument Committee  P.S. The Committee has raised $2.16 so far.
179	PI	Snowboarding seems like the gayest sport.   Is involves lubricant for the equipment, you're quite often on your knees and at the end of the day your butt hurts.
749	AP	How is called the president of a packaging company?   The Boxx
226	AP	Why did the frog cross the road?   Some geeky kid in the 80's forced it to.
928	PI	How did the Chinese Vicar introduce herself?   By singing "I'm Asian Grace."
0	AP	Dad, how do you know if someone is drunk?   Dad: Look son, you see those two people walking by?, if I had seen 4, I would've been drunk.  Son: But dad, there's only one person.
633	PI	We're having a lawnmower sale down at Lowes   Buy one get Juan free!
357	PC	Donald Trump uses a special steroid to stay ahead in the game.Orange juice.
257	PI	So I was jogging around the track at the gym and this really hot Latina chick passed me. I gave her a friendly wave and said "hola."   However, she kept running and didn't say anything to me. I shrugged and kept going, thinking that maybe she didn't hear me. About 10 minutes later, she caught up to me again, and I once more waved and said "hola." Still, she kept her eyes straight ahead as she passed me and didn't respond. At this point, I was a little offended and felt determined to at least get a response of some kind from her.    Finally, about 10 minutes later she caught up to me again, and as she passed I said "hola" somewhat louder than before. She finally slowed down and turned back to me and said "A few times I've been around this track, so it's not just gonna happen like that, 'cause I ain't no hola back girl!"
223	PI	This administration is doing everything they can as quickly as possible   So much so, even their scandals are Russian.
493	PI	A wife was ecstatic that she was going to have twins.......being the superstitious woman she is, she went to a fortune teller to see her children's fortunes.    Fortune  Teller: " I have great news, and greater news!   You see, one child is going to be a very good professional  Football player!   Your other child, will be an extremely famous musician!"   The wife is amazed, and cannot  W A I T to tell her husband the news.   She gets home, and tells her husband.  Yet, she doesn't get the reaction she had hoped for.    The husband goes: " W H A T?!?   No child of mine will  E V E R be a musician!"   The husband picks up the nearest lamp, and chucks it towards his wife's belly.  The lamp hit the stomach and shattered.  Suddenly, a soft beat was playing from somewhere.   A face presses against the mothers stomach and starts..  "* Bum bum bum bum* you hit my brotha but you didn't hit me!  Bum bum bum bum"
537	AP	Why do telescopes like the Moon so much?   Because they find him very down to earth.
410	AP	What has four wheels and flies?A garbage truck.
695	PC	Trump walks into a bar....   Because it was set so low.
69	PC	Condoms don't guarantee safe sex anymore....   My friend was wearing one and got shot by the woman's husband.
972	PI	What is the difference between Hillary Clinton and the hookers in downtown Little Rock?   The hookers have real orgasms and fake diamonds.
906	AP	What should the real name for a colonoscopy be?   A colonoscopoo.
6	AP	A man finally buys tickets to bring his family to the super bowl...   He excitedly sits down in his seat and his family takes their seats to his right. The game is about to start and he notices the seat next to his left is empty. He leans over to the guy a seat over and says, 'Hey man, did you buy this seat? Who would miss the super bowl!?'  The man says to him, 'Yeah, I bought it for my wife but she passed away.'  The first guy says, 'Oh, man, I'm so sorry to hear that... didn't you have a family member or friend that wanted the seat? I mean... It's the super bowl.'  The man says, 'Yeah, there were a few, but they're all at the funeral.'  *****I know its a month late, but a co-worker just told me this and his jokes are usually terrible grandpa-level jokes, so I had to post it.*****
660	PI	A member of ISIS accidentally blew himself up...   Well, Ji-had it coming.
666	PI	What's the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish funeral?   1 less drunk
55	AP	American Billionaire Grant Cardone is seeing a top psychiatrist.   Apparently, he has a huge apartment complex.
700	PC	An Indian farmer is speaking to a farmer from Texas...   The Texan asked "How large is your farm?"  The Indian replied, "See that light pole? My farm is about from where standing to there. How about yours?" The Texan nodded and said, "If you wake up at the crack of dawn and you begin to drive, and you drive and drive and drive, at about noon, you will reach the end of my property line." The Indian famer chuckled and said, "Yeah, I've owned cars like that too."
380	PC	What does Donald Trump use when his fax machine is broken?His alternative fax.
350	AP	A man walks down the street wearing a pineapple on his headAnother man noticing him and asks: " Umm, sir?  Do you realize you have a pineapple on your head?" " Well... yeah", he says. -" But... why?" -" Dude!  I wears pineapple on my head every  Tuesday!" -" But... today is  Wednesday..."   The man quickly removes the pineapple from his head and yells: " Oh god, i feel so stupid!"
631	PI	A pedophile is caught raping a child.   He goes to jail. The newspaper article the next days has this headline.   **13 Year-old Boy Caught Raping 29 Year-old Woman**
62	PI	What I find most sexy in a girl is her personality   Girl: Oh good, cus I have several of those!  Guy: Uh... what?  Girl: _Shh!_ don't _listen_ to _her!_
215	PI	I walked into a PETA adoption center and the receptionist asked me what kind of dog I wanted   Apparently "Whatever's low in cholesterol" was not the right answer.
534	AP	I'm in a complex relationship   My girlfriend is imaginary.
182	AP	I wish people would stop acting like Chuck Norris is a god   If he really is so good why doesn't he teleport behind me and slam my head into the keyboard then hhjfdjusodbfhzoakcblkqoscsnjqpqkc
487	PI	Trump is a real asset to the country!Fucking  Siri!  I said * Ass  Hat* not * Asset*!!!
653	PI	What do you call a disabled Valedictorian?   Invaledictorian
742	PC	What's the difference between Soviet Russia and Deadpool?   In Soviet Russia, x find you  In Deadpool, X Gon' Give It To Ya
360	AP	My phone fell from the 20th floor,good thing it was in airplane mode.
876	PI	How do you pick up a Jewish girl?   With a broom and dustpan.
139	PI	Science professor   It is the new school year, and the science class sits down. The professor walks in with a dead body on a stretcher. The whole class screams and cringes at the sight of the body.  The professor says, "Calm down class. Now, in this class you will be doing many things that may provoke feelings of disgust, but you must do them in the name of science. To help you overcome your fear, I brought in this doner body." The professor then puts his finger into the body's anus, and then puts the finger into his mouth. "Now, I want all of you to do what I did, put your finger in the anus of the body, then put your finger in your mouth. I will give you a zero if you do not do this."  The students, not wanting to get a zero, one by one, put their fingers in the corpse, then in their mouths.  The professor nods. "Very good class. However, a key component in proper science is careful observation. If you had been observing closely, you would have noticed I had put my middle finger in the corpse, and my index finger in my mouth."
708	PI	A guy comes home one day to find his girlfriend packing her stuff.   "Where the hell do you think you're going!?"  She replies "I know all about you! You're a paedophile!"  He says "Ooooh! Big word for an eight year old!"
451	PI	Doctor! I think I have a concussion!Doctor: " Dont worry,  Its all in your head"
75	PI	China built a wall...   That's why you don't see any Mexican in China.
145	AP	First time grandparents go to visit the new baby   After traveling several hours, enjoying dinner, and meeting the baby, the grandparents decided to spend the night.   The grandparents, being older, had trouble sleeping. The grandfather rolled over, tapped on the grandmother' shoulder, and asked, "would you like to do some laundry?" This had been their code word for sex for many years. The grandmother was beside herself. "Here? In your child's and new grandchild's house? That's disgusting!" The grandfather sighed and rolled over.   After dosing off for a few hours, the grandmother woke up, tapped the grandfather on the shoulder and said, "I think everyone else is asleep. We can do some laundry now!" The grandfather yawned and replied, "Don't worry about that, dear. I just had a small load, so I did it by hand."
419	PI	Where do suicide bombers go when they die?All over the place
699	PC	Why was the priest also an imam?   Double the prophet.
706	PC	What do you call 'looking for a Korean'?   Seoul searching
124	PI	A Hispanic carpenter is feeling depressed   After living a life of always reading other people's directions and instructions to do his job, he decides he wants to to make his *own* decision for once: Committing suicide.   So he scribbles down some words on a piece of paper and reviews what he wrote, nodding in approval. He hops into his car in his garage and tapes a garden hose to the exhaust pipe. He starts his car and puts the hose in his mouth, inhaling deeply, anticipating the sweet release of death. Soon after, he succumbs to his poison of choice and falls down, dying slowly as if he was simply falling asleep.  His wife comes home and discovers him. Horrified, she sees a piece of paper next to him and picks it up, thinking it will be a suicide note to give her some clarity on what made him choose this terrible act. In familiar handwriting, she sees scribbled on the page:  **INSTRUCTIONS**  Step 1: Connect José to hose B
15	AP	If any of you are sad about being alone on valentines day, just remember...   that nobody loves you on any other day of the year, and valentine's day shouldn't be any different.
883	PC	Where does wikileaks keep getting all those DNC emails from?   Someone keeps Putin them there.
474	AP	Only 50,000 BC kids will get thisUgga:  Ung bung uhh mang  Bunga tankun ung   Bunga:  Nanga uhh ung tangung uhh...unganun   Ugga:  Inga  Bunga langa ung ugg  Ugga?   Bunga:  Ung bunga uhh tangung angu  O O K  O O O O O K
630	PI	Why is an aborted baby so hard to fool?   Because It wasn't born yesterday.
412	PI	What do you get when you fuse Arab and Indian food?Explosive  Diarrhea
97	AP	An interviewer asks a shepard   Interviewer: How much milk do these cows give?  Farmer: Which one? The Black ones or the brown ones?  Interviewer: Brown ones.  Farmer: A couple of litres per day.  Interviewer: And the black ones?  Farmer: A couple of litres per day.  Interviewer(naturally a bit flummoxed): I see. What do you give them to eat?  Farmer: Which ones? Black or brown?  Interviewer: Black.  Farmer: It eats grass.  Interviewer: And the other ones?  Farmer: Grass.  Interviewer(now annoyed) : Why do you keep asking which one when the answers are the same?!  Farmer: Because the black ones are mine.  Interviewer: Oh, and the brown ones?  Farmer: they are also mine
973	PI	What's the difference between a Trumpie and a KKK member?   Five days of the week.
394	AP	A mushroom walks into a bar....Bartender says "sorry sir we don't serve your kind" mushroom says "why....  I'm a fungi"
497	AP	"Sarah went crazy at me this morning for using her toothbrush. Does anyone else know how to get dog shit off their sneakers?"   "Sarah went crazy at me this morning for using her toothbrush. Does anyone else know how to get dog shit off their sneakers?"
127	AP	The doorbell rang so the son went to open the door.   - How is it?  - I'm the house owner, I'm here to collect rent. - Mom! It's the owner. Do you have money or should I go play outside again?
142	PI	One night a man walks into a bar looking sad.....   One night a man walks into a bar looking sad. The bartender asks the man what he wants. The man says “Oh just a beer”. The bartender asked the man “Whats wrong,why are you so down today?”. The man said “My wife and i got into a fight,and she said she would’nt talk to me for a month”. The bartender said “So whats wrong with that”? The man siad “Well the month is up tonight”.
151	PI	Police officer pulls an elderly couple over.   A police officer pulls an elderly couple over. The old man is driving.  Officer: I pulled you over for speeding.  Old man: I wasn't speeding, you must have the wrong guy.  Old lady: You were going 80 miles per hour, don't lie to the good officer.  Old man: Shut your goddamn mouth you old bitch!  Officer: I also noticed that you aren't wearing a seat belt.  Old man: I was wearing a seat belt but took it off when you pulled me over.  Old lady: You haven't worn a seat belt in the 60 years I've known you. Stop lying to the good officer.  Old man: Bitch, I told you to keep your damned mouth shut!  Officer: Ma'am, does he always talk to you this way?  Old lady: Only when he's drunk.
869	AP	What's the definition of divorce?   The screwing you get for the screwing you got!
209	PC	roses are red, violets are blue   in soviet russia, poems write you.
613	PI	Want to be moved for free?   Just be Jewish , live in 1940s Europe , and be willing to live a ghetto.
307	PI	An American man goes on a business trip to Japan.   And he arrives there a day early before the meeting. So he decides to enjoy the night-life a little bit. The man goes out to a bar, picks up a lady after having a few drinks, and takes her back to the hotel. Eventually they start having sex and the lady keeps saying, "Oshi Moshi! Oshi Moshi!"   The man thought that was weird but he kept going. The next day, he meets some business men on a golf course and sees one of them shank the ball. The guy is absolutely livid and shouts, "Oshi Moshi!"   The American man looks at him and asks, "I hate to bother you, but what does 'oshi moshi' mean?"  The golfer replies, "wrong hole!"
454	AP	A man walks into a barOne man says, "give me some h2o"  A second man walks in and says, "give me some h2o too"   The second man dies.
61	AP	I saw a seagull   I saw a huge seagull this morning. It was big enough to be a D gull... But not quite big enough to be an eagle.  One thing's for sure, it definitely wasn't a beagle.
108	PI	A mother takes her three son’s to enroll in school. The teacher asks.   A mother takes her three son’s to enroll in school. The teacher asks.  Teacher: What are your son’s names?  Lady: This boy’s name is Leroy, this other boy’s name is Leroy, and Leroy here is my third son’s name.  Teacher: Isn’t it confusing having all three boy’s named the same?  Lady: Oh no, you see when it’s time for lunch I just holler out the door, Leroy! it’s time for lunch, and they all come a runnin. When it’s time for dinner I just holler out the door, Leroy! it’s time for dinner and they all come a runnin.  Teacher: Ok, so what do you do when you want a specific boy?  Lady: Oh, well then I just holler out their last name.
527	AP	Why is it so loud in Costco?   Everything comes in high volumes.
318	AP	The bass drop   In school, I once dropped the base.  The kid next to me got severe alkali burns. . .
495	AP	My house was haunted, so I got it exorcised by an expert.   Unfortunately, I couldn't afford the payment and it got repossessed.
825	PI	Trump has no mistresses...   He has alternative fucks.
166	PI	I had a Freudian slip with my wife tonight.   I meant to ask her to "feed the dogs." Instead I said, "You ruined my life, you soul sucking, evil beast."
377	PI	what happens when you take a joke too far?The 45th president of the  United  States
422	PI	Does anyone else get as excited about Valentine's Day coming up as they did about Christmas when they were little?Or is it just because  I'm  Jewish?
907	PI	How do drug dealers get punished by Islamic-Extremist Terrorist in the Middle East?   They get stoned.
195	PI	Did you hear the outrage over the rapist getting four years?   And he gets to live in the White House to boot!
924	PI	According to the Chinese Zodiac it is the Year of the Cock.   So it makes perfect sense that Donald Trump is president.
948	PI	After a tumultuous couple of weeks in the spotlight and under the microscope, president Trump flies to New York to spend a night with his wife. As he is about to walk into the penthouse, he gets a call from Priebus.   "Mr President", he says, "what should we do about the abortion bill"  Trump, annoyed especially about the timing barks back "who gives a shit? Just fucking pay it!"
654	PI	I'll tell ya, Marylin Monroe...   Was a true laydie.
870	AP	Stephen Hawking wrote another book,    It’s about time.
781	PC	I just realized why so many car accidents happen in Russia.   They're always Russian around.
539	AP	An executioner started to feel paranoid when his axe told him:   Don't get a head of yourself.
652	PI	How do you know if you've killed a vegan?   They'll tell you.
51	AP	What My Girlfriend Thought, First four Dates:   1. Nice shirt.  2. Wow. A second nice shirt.  3. OK, first shirt again.  4. He has two shirts.
321	AP	Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is based on a true story...   Chuck Norris once swallowed a turtle whole, and when he crapped it out the turtle was 6 feet tall and knew karate.
130	AP	How do you know?   An air traffic control tower suddenly lost communication with a small twin engine aircraft. A moment later the tower landline rang and was answered by one of the employees. The passenger riding with the pilot who lost communications was on a cellular phone.  “Mayday, mayday! The pilot had an instant and fatal heart attack. I grabbed his cell phone out of his pocket and he had told me before we took off he had the tower on his speed dial memory. I am flying upside down at 18,000 feet and traveling at 180 mph. Mayday, mayday!”  The employee in the tower immediately put him on speaker phone. “Calm down, we acknowledge you and we’ll guide you down after a few questions. The first thing is not to panic. Remain calm!”  He began his series of questions:  Tower: “How do you know you are traveling at 18,000 feet??”  Aircraft: “I can see that it reads 18,000 feet on the altimeter dial in front of me.”  Tower: “Okay, that’s good, remain calm. How do you know you’re traveling at 180 mph?”  Aircraft: “I can see that it reads 180 mph on the airspeed dial in front of me.”  Tower: "Okay, this is great so far, but it’s heavily overcast. So how do you know you’re flying upside down?"  Aircraft: “The shit in my pants is running out of my shirt collar.”
954	PI	Sumo wrestlers have to make sure their legs are always shaven   So people don't confuse them with feminists
268	PI	A lovely woman is first in line at a bus stop.   The bus opens its doors to let her on. She lifts her leg for the step and funds she cannot reach it. She realizes it must be her tight dress and reaches back and unzips it a little bit.   Again, she brings her leg up and still cannot reach the first step of the bus. A little more embarrassed, she reaches back again and unzips her dress a good deal more.   But again, her foot falls just short of the step. Finally she reaches back and unzips the dress almost all the way. At this point the young man behind her reaches forward, grabs her by the hips and lifts her to the step.   Infuriated, she turns and nearly screams, "And what made you think you had permission to touch me like that!?"   The man calmly replies, "Well, after you reaches back and unzipped my fly three times I kinda figured we were friends."
733	AP	A man walks into chemist's and says, "Can I have a bar of soap please?"   The chemist asks "Do you want it scented?" The man replies " No, I will take it with me now."
278	PI	Indian Jews!   Two Jewish men, Sid and Al, were sitting in a Indian restaurant in New York .. Sid asked Al, 'Are there any Jewish people of our faith born and raised in India ?'  Al replied, 'I don't know, let's just ask our waiter.'  When the waiter came by, Al asked him, 'Are there any Indian Jews?'  The waiter said, 'I doont be knowing, I ask cooksaheb..' He returned from the kitchen in a few minutes and said, 'No sir, no Indian Jews.'  Al wasn't really satisfied with that and asked, 'Are you absolutely sure?'  The waiter, realizing he was dealing with 'foreigners' gave the expected answer, 'I check again,' and went back into the kitchen.  While the waiter was away in the kitchen, Sid said, 'I find it hard to believe that there are no Jews in India   . Our people are scattered everywhere.'  The waiter returned and said, 'Cooksaheb say there is no Indian Jews.'  'Are you certain?' Al asked once again, 'I just can't believe there are no Indian Jews!'  ! Listen, I asked EVERYONE,' replied the frustrated waiter. 'All we have is Mango Jews, Pineapple Jews, Orange Jews, Coconut Jews & Tomato Jews!   - No Indian Jews !!!'
612	PI	It's true that blacks can be racist too!   But just like everything else in life, whites are always better at it.
476	AP	What does a bee say when it returns to it's hive?Honey,  I'm home!
196	PI	Jaws   Two guys are hitchhiking down the highway.  At the same time an older couple is driving on the same road.  The man has diarrhea something fierce.  Every few miles he has his wife pull into a service station.  Finally she gets tired of this and tells him “I’m not stopping. If you have to go that bad, hang your ass out the window and go”.   So the man does this as they’re passing the hitchhikers, one of which get’s the full load  on him.  “Damned snooze chewers!!!” he yells.   But his partner says “Yeah, but did you see the JAWS on that sumbitch”.
178	PI	What's the difference between Harry Potter and the Jews?   Harry Potter rode the train back.  I'm not apologizing.
326	PI	A blonde, brunette, and redhead are each pregnant and at the doctor's office...   While sitting in the waiting area, they begin chatting.  The brunette says "I was on the bottom so I'm having a girl!" The redhead says "I was on top so I'm having a boy!" The blonde starts crying hysterically. The brunette and redhead ask her what's wrong. The blonde says "I'm going to have a puppy!"
201	PC	After the death The Monkees' Davy Jones...   I'd like to offer mickydolenzes to his family.
640	PI	How does a feminist change a light-bulb?   Just kidding, feminists don't change shit.
401	PC	What does the Buddhist order from the hot dog stand?Make me one with everything :)
960	PI	My Dad voted Republican his entire life.   After he died he voted Democrat
291	PC	Alec Baldwin has been arrested.   His lawyers believe on Trumped up charges.
757	PI	What do you call your Japanese wife?   A rice cooker.
648	PI	Fastfood   Clerk: Number 27! Double steak combo with extra fries!   Man: Right here!  Clerk: Here you go sir, sorry about your weight.  Man: Oh, it wasn't long at al- wait...  Clerk: >:D
452	PI	Only vaccinated kids will get this...Autism.
79	AP	Why are the polar ice caps melting   Because polar bears are a hot animal
455	AP	Why was the snowman so upset?Because somebody had stolen his nose and the police didn't carrot all!
193	PI	A young boy, about eight years old, was at the corner grocery picking out a large size box of laundry detergent...   The grocer walked over and trying to be friendly, asked the boy if he had a lot of laundry to do.  "Nope, no laundry," the boy said, "I'm going to wash my dog."  "But, you shouldn't use this to wash your dog. It's very powerful and if you wash your dog in this, he'll get sick. In fact, it might even kill him."  But, the boy was not to be stopped and carried the detergent to the counter and paid for it, even as the grocer still tried to talk him out of washing his dog.  About a week later, the boy was back in the store to buy some candy.   The grocer asked the boy how his dog was doing.  "Oh, he died." the boy said.  The grocer, trying not to be an "I-told-you-so" said he was sorry the dog died, but added, "I tried to tell you not to use that detergent on your dog."  "Well, the boy replied, "I don't think it was the detergent that killed him."  "Oh? What was it then?"  "I think it was the spin cycle."
885	PI	I don't understand why the Catholic Church is so against gay pride   After all, their central figure was nailed by four Roman guys.
658	PI	What do you call the belief that one kind of shoe is better than another?   Shoepremacy.
535	AP	Why did the janitor get fired from the bank?   Because he cleaned out the vault.
63	PI	The reason why Bill Gates is paying for Donald Trump's wall   He knows no Juan in Mexico can foot the bill.
43	AP	Breaking News: A movie theatre has just been robbed of over two thousand dollars   The theives took a large soda and two bags of popcorn
304	PI	Who's the first Jewish guy to ever win a Heisman trophy?   "Fred Goldman cause he took mine!" - OJ Simpson
853	PC	How does Moses get his tea ready?   Hebrews
840	PI	I'm tired of pre shredded cheese   Make America grate again
359	AP	My stomach hasn't felt well all day, I'm like a bartender during an earthquake...I'm having trouble controlling my stools.
84	AP	Why is Legolas so fit?   He always eats elfy snacks.
929	PC	Donald Trump always has his partner be on top during sex.   Because he can only fuck up.
282	PI	The Historians Mural   A historian bought a house and being the civil war era buff that he was, he wanted a mural of Custers Last Stand to be painted in his new home.  The historian called in a reputable artist to have him paint the mural for him. He said to the artist  "I want a mural to be painted of general custers last stand, i want it to capture the moment general custer realized his defeat. I would like it done before i return from vacation next month"  The artist obliged and said he had something perfect in mind.  A month passed and the historian returned from vacation. The artist, waiting beside the covered mural, ready to present it to the historian pulled the cover away.  What the historian saw was an intricately detailed painting of a large cow in the center, praying, with a halo above its head, surrounded by hundreds of native americans in erotic positions fornicating with one another  Outraged, the historian looked at the artist and yelled  "What the hell is this?! I asked for custers last stand and you painted pornography on my wall!!"  The artist simply replied  "Well yes sir, thats what ive given you. I call it, holy cow, look at all those fucking indians!"
810	PC	called UPS in Germany today to ask when they were shipping my Oculus Rift   they said "VR ready"
921	PC	What is Donald Trump's favorite video game?   *Papers, Please*
152	PI	In class one day, a teacher asks her young students what their dads do for a living NSFW   "Sally, what does your daddy do?" "My daddy is a lawyer!" She says, proudly "Jane, what does your daddy do?" "My daddy is a doctor" She exclaims  This go on until she gets to Frankie  "Frankie, what does your daddy do for a living?"  Frankie hangs his head and in a small, timid voice he says  "My daddy works in a bar. He dances for other men. Sometimes, if the money is good, he'll go into the back alley and have sex with them"  The teacher is shocked. She gets the other students distracted doing other things and takes Frankie into a quiet corner.  "Frankie! Why would you say something like that?!?"  Frankie looks up at her and says  "I'm sorry! He doesn't! It's just that he plays for the Leafs and I was too ashamed to say!!"  (Insert any other hockey/sport team in the punchline)
159	AP	Roses are red   Raindrops are dank  My father died. How?, my repulsive ass stank  (not funny, but a valentines day related joke)
965	PI	A Trump supporter tells a reporter, "Everyone knows we're great at taking tests."   Reporter: "What gives you that idea?"  Trump supporter: "Everyone keeps calling us 'quiz-lings'."
385	AP	My wife's an Archaeologist because...She keeps on digging up the past!
81	PI	Doughnuts make u go nuts   What kind of doughnuts do the KKK prefer? White powdered doughnuts
188	PI	A boy asks his mom why he's black and she's white   She says, "Don't even go there. The way that party went, you're lucky you don't bark."
676	PI	The orphanage i run, burned down today with the lives of sixty children   Thank fuck i don't have to tell their parents ....
643	PI	What do you call a tight fitting bra?   A boobie trap.
745	PC	Two guys, an American and an Indian sitting in a bar   are taking shots one after the other.  The Indian said to the American, "You know my parents are forcing me to get married to this so called homely girl from a village whom I haven't even met once. We call this arranged marriage. I don't want to marry whom I don't love, so I told that frankly to my parents and now I'm having a lot of family problems."  The American turned wearily towards the Indian and said, "I'm married to a widow whom I dated for 3 years and loved deeply. After a couple of years, my father fell in love with my step-daughter and married her, so my father became my son-in-law and I became my father's father-in-law. Legally now my daughter is my mother and my wife is my grandmother. More problems occurred when I had a son. My son is my father's brother and so is my uncle. Situations turned worse when my father had a son. Now my father's son, my brother is my grandson. Ultimately, I have become my own grandfather and I'm my own grandson. And you say you have family problems"  The Indian fainted!!!!
770	PI	Today I went to the protest   The protesters aren't going to mace themselves
786	PI	What's white on top and black at the bottom?   Society
437	AP	What are 50 babies, each holding a gun, called?An infantry.
140	AP	Some friends and I were going to a Halloween party...   My friends Warren, Nicholas, and I were going to a Halloween party. We needed to pick out costumes. Being an avid cosplayer, Nicholas, who we called Nick, was going as the iron giants. I'm more inclined to go with a simple costume, as I have in the past. I went as a roll of toilet paper. Warren, who we called War because it sounds better than 'Ren,' could not for the life of him choose what to wear.  So we went to the costume store and looked at every single outfit we could. He decided to pick out a ninja turtle outfit. Well, our friend Catherine, who we called Kate, was there and she was also going to be a ninja turtle. She became a bit upset at the thought of wearing the same thing as War.   "Look," Kate told Nick, " I know that if it were you that picked out the same costume as me, you'd change it. Same to you," she told me. "You guys are reasonable like that. But War. War never changes."
334	AP	People say that counting sheep jumping over a fence makes you to to sleep. However, Donkeys are much more effective...You're completely out as soon as your ass leaps.
372	PI	What makes an ISIS joke funny?The execution.
312	PI	So a Black guy walks into a bar with a beautiful parrot on his shoulder...   The bartender says "Wow, that's something real special you've got there! Where'd you get it?"  "Africa!", says the parrot.
286	PI	Be careful this winter...   I saw black guys slip on black ice and get black eyes.
776	PI	[True story] I asked a filipino for the time..   He replied: "It's por pipty pive"
211	PI	I'd like to think that my girlfriend and I have a relationship that is above being forced to buy simple gifts as part of a made up holiday that exploits working class people through the commercialism of enormous corporations   But I'd also like to get laid tomorrow night, so Walgreens after work it is.
737	PI	A Roman walks into the bar...   ...holds up two fingers, and says, “Five beers, please.”
727	PC	After the election   Mr. President Sanders, you broke your promises!   Sanders: "That's nor problem Sir, you get a new one for free!"
595	PI	Can orphans...   eat at a family restaurant?
407	AP	I applied for a job at a blacksmithsHe asked if ive ever shoed a horse before.    I said no but i once told a donkey to fuck off
253	PI	Mexican word of the day: Chicken   My wife tried to come to America, but thanks to trump chicken not get in.
775	PI	Whats more offensive than black face?   Orange face.
122	AP	So I was telling my dad   That the entire team that worked on finding Nemo had to take fish biology 101. Then he says "so does it ever bother you that the fish are talking?"  That was the hardest I laughed in a while
115	PI	Man travels to Spain   A man travels to Spain and decides to watch one of the bullfighting matches for which Spain is well known.   The match was intense & thrilling. Unlike anything which can be found anywhere else in the world. Afterwards there was a celebration for the Torero (Bullfighter) and the crowd slowly dispersed, with the man leaving among the last of them so that he could savor the experience.   Once he'd exited the arena, he noticed large groups from the group gathering at a restaurant across the street. Hungry, the man followed as well and decided to experience the native cuisine.   As the night progressed, he had joined a few others at a table and began chatting with them joyously about the match. Until he noticed that at one table a very wealthy looking man had been made the center of attention by the restaurants staff as the chef personally brought out a special silver plate with strange meat on them.  Curious, the man asked his new friends what was so special about that man. One of the men at his table explained that the man was a foreigner, much like him, who has payed handsomely for the privilege of eating the spirit of the bull which died in the arena. Which according to them was symbolically located in the testicles of the powerful animal.   Obviously amazed by the ritual, he noticed how excited & happy the man was. Being quite wealthy himself, he asked if there was any way for him to pay for the same honor. After a short talk with the restaurants owner, he came to an agreement and reserved a plate for tomorrow.  Though he didn't get a chance to watch the bullfights that day, he had anxiously been waiting since the previous night for this moment. And now that he was at the restaurant he couldn't help but rush to his table and wait for his meal.  After a few moments, the staff gathered and the chef brought out the same plate as the previous night, except that there was noticeably less meat on it this time.  Confused, the man asked the chef if the bull had been smaller than the one from yesterday.  The chef merely replied that the bull is quite large, alive, and in good health, it was the Torero who lost today.
374	PI	A Chinaman in Paris picks up a girl and takes her to his hotel room.He opens the bedroom window and takes a deep breath.  Then, they get into bed together and make love.  After a while the  Chinaman says, " Excuse me,  I am a little tired."   He gets out of the bed, goes over to the window, takes a deep breath.  Then he rolls under the bed and comes out the other side.  He jumps into bed and starts to make love again.   After a while, he gets up saying, " Excuse me,  I am a little tired."   Again, he goes over to the window, and takes a deep breath, then he rolls under the bed and gets out the other side.  He jumps back into bed and starts making love once more.   When this has happened five times, the girl gets up saying, " Excuse me,  I am a little tired, too."  She goes over to the window, takes a deep breath of air, looks under the bed and finds four  Chinamen there.
571	PC	I became a vegan yesterday...   ...but I tell you, it was a missed-steak.
899	PC	How is this possible? Whenever I say something bad, I get in trouble, but...   Whenever Donald Trump says something bad, he gets more supporters!?
450	PC	Trump did a better job getting people to exercise in 1 month than Michelle Obama did in 8 yearsLook at all those protesters on the streets!
332	AP	Did you hear the Coco Pops monkey was recently murdered?Tony the  Tiger,  Snap,  Crackle and  Pop all got killed too.    Police think its the work of a serial killer.
844	PI	Why did the blonde stare at the orange juice?   It said concentrate.
588	PC	Why don't robots have brothers?   Because they all have trans-sisters
270	PC	Your eyes sparkle like diamonds''   So I went to the Chinese restaurant and this duck came up to me with a red rose and says ''Your eyes sparkle like diamonds''.  I said, ''Waiter, I asked for a-ROMATIC duck''.
90	PI	Valentine's day fights   My wife sat down on the couch  next to me as I was flipping channels. She asked, 'What's on TV?'   I said, 'Dust.' And then the fight started....  My wife was hinting about what she wanted for our upcoming anniversary. She said, 'I want something shiny that goes from 0 to 100 in about 3 seconds.'  I bought her a weighing scale. And then the fight started....    When I got home last night, my wife demanded that I take her someplace expensive.  So I took her to a petrol pump. And then the fight started....    My wife was standing & looking in the bedroom mirror. She was not happy with what she saw and said to me, 'I feel horrible. I look old, fat and ugly. I really need you to give me a compliment."  I replied, "Your eyesight is perfect." And then the fight started....    I asked my wife, "Where do you want to go for our anniversary?" It warmed my heart to see her face melt in sweet appreciation. "Somewhere I've not been in a long time."  So I took her to my parents' house. And then the fight started....
3	PC	A man escapes from prison where he has been for 15 years   He breaks into a house to look for money and guns and finds a young couple in bed.  He orders the guy out of bed and ties him to a chair, while tying the girl to the bed he gets on top of her, kisses her neck, then gets up and goes into the bathroom. While he's in there, the husband tells his wife:  "Listen, this guy's an escaped convict, look at his clothes! He probably spent lots of time in jail and hasn't seen a woman in years. I saw how he kissed your neck." If he wants sex, don't resist, don't complain, do whatever he tells you. Satisfy him no matter how much he nauseates you. This guy is probably very dangerous. If he gets angry, he'll kill us. Be strong, honey. I love you."  To which his wife responds: "He wasn't kissing my neck. He was whispering in my ear. He told me he was gay, thought you were cute, and asked me if we had any vaseline. I told him it was in the bathroom. Be strong honey. I love you too!!"
440	PC	As a writer, I often correct grammar online and get called a Grammar Nazi because of it.I'm not a  Grammar  Nazi, okay?  I'm just alt-literate.
119	PI	A lawyer in the USSR comes out of the chambers laughing his head off.   A colleague approaches him and asks why he is laughing.  "I just heard the funniest joke in the world!"  "Well, go ahead, tell me!" says the other judge.  "I can't – I just gave someone ten years for it!"
45	AP	What is the difference between Snickers and a dick?   Try Snickers sometimes
715	PC	What did letter O say to letter Q ?   Harambe!
945	PI	A lot of folks are concerned that Trump is president given the status of minorities. But don't forget:   Orange be the new black, baby.
671	PI	Why aren't we letting Islamic people get off at airports?   I thought we wanted to keep them off our planes, not on them.
674	PI	You know what the worst part is about dating a Japanese girl?   If I ever decide to break up with her I will have to drop the bomb twice before she gets the message
649	PI	An Asian Keanu   An Asian Keanu enters a room.  Asian Keanu got angry.  Asian Keanu Reeves.
141	PI	Three guys were found trespassing in the city lake   They were put on trial and the judge called them in one by one  Judge: What were you doing in the lake after 9 pm?   Man 1: Your honor, I was blowing bubbles.   Man 1 exits, Man 2 comes in  Judge: What were you doing in the lake after 9 pm?   Man 2: Your honor, I was blowing bubbles.   Man 2 exits, Man 3 comes in  Judge: Dont tell me you were blowing bubbles too.   Man 3: No sir my name is Bubbles
819	PI	I'm so patriotic; I piss red, white, and blue.   My doctor told me it was pancreatic cancer. I told him to shut his commie mouth!
793	PC	Irishman looking for a parking place   Paddy was driving down the street in a sweat because he had an important meeting and couldn't find a parking place. Looking up to heaven he said, "Lord take pity on me. If you find me a parking place I will go to Mass every Sunday for the rest of me life and give up me Irish Whiskey!" Miraculously, a parking place appeared. Paddy looked up again and said, "Never mind, I found one."
429	AP	I went to a seafood disco last nightPulled a mussel
901	PC	I can think of one benifit global warming might bring...   LA will be under water if we keep it up.
683	PI	Funeral Speech!     The story is told of the hard-bitten old Quaker who had died. At the funeral service, those who had gathered were standing silently by, waiting, as was the custom, for anyone who might wish to do so, make some tribute to the departed. At last one old man spoke and said,  Well, I can say one good thing about William. He wasn’t always as mean as he was sometimes.
70	PC	I'm sorry that I sent you Donald Trump   Reddit replies: Username checks out!
936	PI	What does a rich Iraqi say at a bar mitzvah?   Mosul Toff!
813	PC	Do the french like roller coasters?   Weee weee
818	PC	Donald Trump is already generating millions of the new jobs in America!   Thanks to him, protesting is now considered a full time job!
791	AP	Why are divorces so expensive?   Because they're worth it.
957	PI	God made each and every one of us until he got to China.   Copy paste...copy paste...
292	PI	A blonde is sitting next to a lawyer on a plane   The lawyer just keeps bugging the blonde wanting her to play a game of intelligence. Finally, the lawyer offers her 100 to 1 odds, and says every time the blonde can not answer one of his questions, she owes him $5, but every time he cannot answer hers, he’ll give her $500. The lawyer figures he could not lose, and the blonde reluctantly accepts. The lawyer first asks, “What is the distance between the Earth and the nearest star?” Without saying a word the blonde hands him $5. The blonde then asks, “What goes up a hill with 3 legs and comes back down the hill with 4 legs?” Well, the lawyer is puzzled. He takes several hours, looking up everything he can on his laptop and even placing numerous air-to-ground phone calls trying to find the answer. Finally, angry and frustrated, he gives up and pays the blonde $500 The blonde put the $500 into her purse without comment, but the lawyer insists, “What is the answer to your question?” Without saying a word, the blonde hands him $5.
213	AP	A Lady visited a bar for the first time..   She was nervous but sat on one tall stool in front of the bartender..  the guy sitting on her left said: "Jack Daniels, Single"  the Guy on her right side ordered: "Johnny Walker, Single"  now the bartender looked at the lady & said, "And You?"  Lady replied: "Yolanda, Married"
330	PC	A man flying in a hot air balloon suddenly realizes he’s lost.A man flying in a hot air balloon suddenly realizes he’s lost.  He reduces height and spots a man down below.  He lowers the balloon further and shouts to get directions, “ Excuse me, can you tell me where  I am?”  The man below says: “ Yes.  You’re in a hot air balloon, hovering 30 feet above this field.” “ You must work in  Information  Technology,” says the balloonist. “ I do” replies the man. “ How did you know?” “ Well,” says the balloonist, “everything you have told me is technically correct, but  It’s of no use to anyone.”  The man below replies, “ You must work in management.” “ I do,” replies the balloonist, “ But how’d you know?”* “ Well”, says the man, “you don’t know where you are or where you’re going, but you expect me to be able to help.  You’re in the same position you were before we met, but now it’s my fault.”
888	PI	Minesweeper   What Hitler called his cleaning lady.
602	PI	What places have the least racial tensions?   Bakeries, there are brownies and crackers there and yet they never fight.
900	PI	I hate libras   Them and their media are destroying this country!
835	PI	A ghost is helping me recover from an injury.....   I guess you could call him a metaphysical therapist.
87	AP	A mother went into a coma after giving birth to twins   When she woke up after 6 months and 3 days, the doctor told the mother: "While you were in a coma, we had your brother name your children. One is a boy, one is a girl."  The mother, with a disappointed and angry look on her face told the doctor: "Why my brother? That guy is an idiot. So what did he name them?"  The mother, expecting hideous names, prepared herself.  "The girl, was named Denise." The mother thought, "Hey that wasn't so bad. What about my boy?"  The doctor said, "Denephew".
651	PI	People like to compare Hillary Clinton to Hitler, but there's one huge difference:   Hitler acknowledged he was at fault for killing people.
428	PI	I said hello to a feminist today.Trials start next week.
202	AP	As a musician, I've learned the best way to win a Grammy...   ...is to not release your music in the same year as Adele.
841	PI	A coworker told me I was a pedophile and said I probably had a van that said "Free Candy" on the side.   I told him that would be pointless. My target demographic can't read yet.
542	AP	Have you heard of the new rumor about butter?   Never mind, I don't want to spread it.
467	PI	Deaf people seem to be the best at relationshipsThey always let their hands do the talking
435	AP	What does a cannibal call his girlfriend?Cutie pie
939	PC	What do Donald Trump and Gordon Ramsay have in common?   They both have a cabinet full of potatoes.
277	PI	Policeman stops a tandem.   Excuse me sir. I think you've lost your wife back down the road.   Thank god for that. I thought I'd gone deaf.
624	PI	To the handicapped guy who stole my bag:   You can hide but you can't run.
281	PI	A riddle: "I'm twenty-two. Hold are you, dad?"   His dad replies, "Son, I'm your age, plus half of my own." How old is his father?  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  Answer: 74, Alzheimers just caught him early.
661	PI	I had a cocaine​ joke, but now I can't find it   It makes me really mad because I had it all lined up
897	PI	What kind of meat does a catholic priest eat on Friday?   Nun
731	PC	Why was the Taiwanese business man so stressed out?   Because he had a Taipei personality.
843	PI	Why did the blonde tie magnets to her fishing pole?   She was fishing for Steelhead Trout
32	AP	A pair of jumper cables walks into a bar   The bartender sighs and says; "I'll serve you, but don't start anything!"
398	PI	Dogs don't love you...They're just glad they don’t live in  China.
129	AP	A group of scientists run an experiment on a frog   They teach it to jump on command by using flies as treats. Now when they say "Jump" the frog jumps.  Then they chop off one leg. They say "Jump" and the frog jumps in a crooked path. So far so good.  Finally, they chop off the other leg. They say "Jump" and the frog does not jump.  It has been concluded that frogs cannot hear without their legs.
126	AP	A Genius, an Old Farmer, and a Boy Scout are on a plane...   ...The pilot enters the cabin and says, "I'm terribly sorry. I've done everything I can, but the plane is falling and going to crash. Now, there are only 3 parachutes on this plane. I've got a wife at home with 2 young kids and another on the way, so I'm going to use one of them." He then picks up a parachute, puts it on, and jumps out of the plane.  The Genius says, "I am the smartest person in the world. My death would be a huge loss because of my immense knowledge. I simply must survive this crash." He follows after the pilot.  The Old Farmer looks at the Boy Scout and says, "Well, son, I've lived a long, fulfilling life. You have your whole future ahead of you. You take the last parachute." The Boy Scout replies, "Don't worry sir, we'll both survive. The Genius took my backpack."
341	AP	I just got done doing squats and I gotta say...It's a huge weight off my shoulders
441	PI	Old People Always Poke MeOld people at wedding always poke me and say  You  Are the  Next . .  So,  I  Started  Doing  The  Same  Thing  To  Them  At  Funerals
820	PI	Why are North Koreans better than Chinese?   If North Korean goes to China they will deport him back to North Korea, but if Chinese goes to North Korea they will proudly welcome him to stay
764	PC	Recently a new casino opened in Tokyo (Japan)...   It is called "Pokermon Go"
80	AP	Two chemists walk into a bar   The first one says "I think I'll have an H2O."   The second one says "I think I'll have water too."  The first chemist now has to rethink the assassination.
787	PI	What comes after death?   Necrophilia
953	PI	A Jews mother dies...   And he decides to send her back to Israel, per her will, to be buried. So he sends the coffin back with a letter atop the casket. His brother opens it and it reads:   Dear brother,   Ima died and wants to be laid to rest here. Please follow her request and bury her here. Also, I have sent kosher cheeses within the casket for Binyamin. There are also condiments near the cheeses for consumption. There is fresh toothpaste in the crook of her arm for Bluma. She has gold necklaces around her neck. Those are for your wife.   The reeboks on her foot, those are for you, my brother. She also has five Nike shirts on that I got on clearance for my nephews. She also has blankets underneath her for all of you. She also has the special lingerie on that Sister requested. Please preserve her dignity and bury her as soon as possible.  P.S. If you need anything else, just ask. Abba-leh (dad) is not feeling well  *This joke was originally told in Urdu about Mehmans, who in Pakistan are stereotyped very similarly to Jews. I also heard it orally but I hope I captured its essence*
153	PI	Three guys go to a ski lodge...   Three guys go to a ski lodge, and there aren't enough rooms – so they have to share a bed. In the middle of the night, the guy on the right wakes up and says, "I had this wild, vivid dream of getting a hand job!" The guy on the left wakes up, and unbelievably, he's had the same dream, too. Then the guy in the middle wakes up and says, "That's funny – I dreamed I was skiing!"
506	AP	What do you call someone who finds missing fruit and vegetables   A private invegstigator
489	AP	What does a neckbeard get when he's sickA malady.
942	PC	Go Karting with a Muslim coworker   Muslim coworker: We should organise a go karting day out, I went on the weekend and it was really fun!  Dan: That's a good but isn't it dangerous?  Jack: As long as you don't go in Ram-a-dan.
382	PI	Son asks for moneyA young jewish son asks his dad for $5 dollars.   The dad responds shocked, "$4 dollars?  What do you need $3 dollars for?"
430	PI	Why do churches hate geometry?There's too many sins involved.
606	PI	A man went to the doctor   The doctor said "im afraid your illness is terminal..."  The man asked "well how long do i have doc?"   The doctor said "10"  The man asked "10 what?"   The doctor said "9, 8, 7....."
464	PI	You know you live in a first world country.....When you're not dead
344	PI	How many cops does it take to screw in a lightbulbJust one, unless it's a black light.
851	PI	GASSY GRANNY   An old lady goes to the doctor and says, "I have this problem with frequent gas. Fortunately, the farts never smell and are always silent. As a matter of fact, I've farted at least 10 times since I've been here, and I bet you didn't even notice!"  The doctor says, "I see. Take these pills and come back next week." The next week the old lady returns. "Doctor," she says, "I don't know what the hell you gave me, but now my silent farts stink like the dickens."  The doctor says, "Good! Now that we've cleared up your sinuses, let's work on your hearing."
763	PI	Why don't people like communists?   Because they have no class
462	PI	How do you tell the difference between a Methodist and a Baptist?Methodist will say hi in a liquor store.
502	AP	Everyone laughed when I told them I was going to become a comedian...   But nobody is laughing now.
161	PI	A woman cried and slammed the door of the restroom . . .   seeing how she grimaced, the janitor asked if there was someone in the toilet, to which the woman responded "Almost!"
541	AP	My girlfriend tried to make me have sex on the hood of her Honda Civic...   But if I'm gonna have sex, it's going to be on my own Accord.
16	AP	Tomorrow, I'm going to go to my girlfriend, get on one knee, present flowers and a ring, and say...   "My love for you is like these flowers and this ring. It's gonna wither and die by the end of the month and is also insanely overvalued."
549	AP	My dog has been chasing people on bikes lately   so I had to take away his bike
998	PI	Why do black people have racist wingmen?   Every kiss begins with KKK
774	PI	What do alcoholics and necropheliacs have in common?   They both love to crack open a cold one.
503	AP	Baby horse   If a baby horse is really conceited, would you say they're foal of themselves?
881	PI	What is Hillary's favorite pizza?   Little seizures.
457	PI	The doctor says i have myopic attendance syndromeI can't see myself coming in to work today.
944	PI	What's the difference between Hitler and Trump?   The mustache.
625	PI	They say Jesus never had sex, but he had sex at least twice   People are always talking about his second coming.
308	PI	It's not fair to compare Trump to Hitler.   Hitler appreciated the arts.
847	PC	What did the Jewish Mexican call his non-Jewish friends?   His amigoys.
427	AP	People need to learn to live in the moment, because the here and now is a special gift.That’s why  I call it the present.
263	PI	Three Nuns Die   In a car crash and go to heaven, Sister Margeret, Sister Patricia, and Sister Mary. They meet Peter at the gates of heaven.   Peter : " Before any of you get in, you need to wash the part of your body in the fountain of holy water that has been lustfully used to sin"  Sister Margeret walks to the fountain and washes her hands.   Peter : " Thankyou Sister Margeret you may walk through", Sister Patricia, your next.  As Sister Patricia walks up, Sister Mary quickly runs and pushes her out of the way and gets to the fountain first.   Peter : "Wait your turn!!!!, you cannot push in like that!!.   Sister Mary: " Please!!! , Please!!!, let me wash out my mouth before Sister Patricia puts her ass in it!"
363	PI	How do you destroy a feminist in a debate?You ask "what rights do men have that women don't?"
54	PI	Cage the Elephant only won the Grammy out of pity...   ...because they're originally from Bowling Green, and everyone was sorry for the loved ones they lost.
156	PI	I lost my watch at a party once...   An hour later I saw some guy stepping on it while he was sexually harassing some woman at that party. Infuriated, I immediately went over, punched him and broke his nose. No one does that to a woman, not on my watch.
938	PI	A 16 year old blonde is dinning with her parents   Blonde: Oh by the way I´m pregnant  Parents (simultaneously): You´re WHAT!?!  Blonde: Geez relax and eat a chill pill, I´m not even sure it´s mine
688	PI	Trumps plan for the wall works. Look at China.   They built a fucking wall and you don't see any Mexicans there.   Edit: spelling
420	PI	Hear about the famous chain-smoking Dutch painter?Vincent  Van  Cough
523	AP	What do you call a horse with a horn and no balls?   A Eunuchorn
754	PI	Middle East theme song   oh ohhhh... I'm an alien... I'm a legal alien... I am Iranian getting kicked out of New York...
397	PC	How does Moses make his coffee?*hebrews* it!
546	AP	Bill Gates got a new job at a glass company.   He installs windows.
886	PI	If I had a dollar for every gender...   I'd have a $1.50 because women don't deserve rights.
722	AP	True story: Kitty cat had PUPPIES!   Recently attended my great aunts funeral. This was a beautiful story that accompanied.     My great aunt ran a beauty shop. One day, while tending to a female client in the beauty shop, her female client's highly acclaimed husband sat in a chair as company.  One of my young cousins ran in the beauty shop and shouted to his grandmother (my great aunt) "Kitty cat had puppies!"  The highly acclaimed gentleman that sat with his wife explained to my cousin that "Kitty cats have kittens. Puppy dogs have puppies. So your kitty cat didn't have puppies, she had kittens."  My cousin, calm and undeterred, announced "Well you can say what you want, but my kitty cat had PUPPIES!". He then walked away with confidence abundant, because he was right.    What the "highly acclaimed gentleman" didn't know is that my cousin had named his female DOG "Kitty Cat"  Children are such a joy, and that is one of the best stories I've ever heard. Never heard it until today.   The moral I take from that is "always be willing to be wrong, even if you are right".
486	AP	Why did the cow go to the gym?To work on his calves.
260	PI	A sex addict decided to repent and volunteer in the local church...   The first day, the priest was teaching him the new job. A girl walked into the church and confessed that she commited adultery once. The priest said: "You need to donate one dollar to the church so God may forgive you". So she did that and left. Then came another woman and confessed commiting adultery twice, so the priest told her she needs to donate two dollars to the church. Then the priest said:"You got the hang of it, I'm going to the bathroom and you need to do the same thing until I come back, and remember, never take more money than you should". When the priest came back he found the new guy fucking a woman on the altar, he got mad and started yelling: "Are you out of your mind! What are you doing?!" The sex addict replied: "Calm down man, this one said she commited adultery eight times and she donated a 10 dollar bill and I didn't have any change to give back to her so I had to fuck her twice".
619	PI	2017   "Did you just assume my species?"
538	AP	A man asked me, which is worse, ignorance or apathy?   I told him, "I don't know, and I don't care."
513	AP	Is milk a good work out supplement?   No, whey man.
532	AP	There is a fine line between a numerator and a denominator.   Only a fraction of people will find this funny.
157	PI	An old geezer, who had been a retired.....   An old geezer, who had been a retired farmer for a long time became very bored and decided to open a medical clinic.  He put a sign up outside that said: "Get your treatment for $500 - if not cured get back $1,000." Doctor "Young," who was positive that this old geezer didn't know beans about medicine, thought this would be a great opportunity to get $1,000.  He went to Dr. Geezer's clinic and this is what happened. Dr. Young: "Dr. Geezer, I have lost all taste in my mouth. Can you please help me?  Dr. Geezer: "Nurse, please bring medicine from box 22 and put 3 drops in Dr. Young's mouth."  Dr. Young: "Aaagh! This is Gasoline!"  Dr. Geezer: "Congratulations! You've got your taste back. That will be $500." Dr. Young gets annoyed and goes back after a couple of days figuring to recover his money.  Dr Young: "I have lost my memory, I cannot remember anything."  Dr. Geezer: "Nurse, please bring medicine from box 22 and put 3 drops in the patient's mouth."  Doctor Young: "Oh no you don't, that's Gasoline!"  Dr. Geezer: "Congratulations! You've got your memory back. That will be $500." Dr. Young (after having lost $1000) leaves angrily and comes back after several more days.  Dr. Young: "My eyesight has become weak I can hardly see!"  Dr. Geezer: "Well, I don't have any medicine for that so. Here's your $1000 back."  Dr. Young: "But this is only $500..."  Dr. Geezer: "Congratulations! You got your vision back! That will be $500."  Moral of story: Just because you're "Young" doesn't mean that you can outsmart an old "Geezer "
558	AP	What is green, and then red?   Frogs in a blender.
505	AP	Why don't aliens eat clowns?   Because they taste funny.
367	PI	Why do brides traditionally wear white?So they match the stove, the fridge and the dishwasher.
947	PI	We never saw it coming.   Psychiatrist: You have paranoid schizophrenia.  Patient: Who! Me or me?
573	PC	My wife left a note on the fridge that said "This isn't working I'm going to my mom's."    I opened up the fridge. The light was on and the beer was cold. I'm not sure what she was talking about.
935	PI	I didn't understand why Obama had to give speeches behind bulletproof glass,   I mean he's black and all but I doubt he would have shot anyone.
76	PI	"Would you like a drink?"   "I have a boyfriend!"  "I'm the barkeeper you stupid cunt"
714	AP	Don't read "part a" backwards.   It's a trap.
647	PI	You were a still born baby..   Mother didn't want you but you were still born.
812	PI	What's a terrorist's favourite melee weapon?   A boomerang.
723	PI	A family is at the dinner table   The son asks the father, “Dad, how many kinds of boobs are there?” The father, surprised, answers, “Well, son, a woman goes through three phases. In her 20s, a woman’s breasts are like melons, round and firm. In her 30s and 40s, they are like pears, still nice, hanging a bit. After 50, they are like onions.” “Onions?” the son asks. “Yes. You see them and they make you cry.” This infuriated his wife and daughter. The daughter asks, “Mom, how many different kinds of willies are there?” The mother smiles and says, “Well, dear, a man goes through three phases also. In his 20s, his willy is like an oak tree, mighty and hard. In his 30s and 40s, it’s like a birch, flexible but reliable. After his 50s, it’s like a Christmas tree.” “A Christmas tree?” the daughter asks. “Yes, dead from the root up and the balls are just for decoration.” -
249	PI	Putting it in.   A married Irishman went into the confessional and said to his priest,  'I almost had an affair with another woman.'  The priest said, 'What do you mean, almost?'  The Irishman said, 'Well, we got undressed and rubbed together, but then I stopped.'  The priest said, 'Rubbing together is the same as putting it in.  You're not to see that woman again. For your penance, say five Hail Mary's and put $50 in the poor box.'  The Irishman left the confessional, said his prayers, and then walked over to the poor box.  He paused for a moment and then started to leave.  The priest, who was watching, quickly ran over to him saying, 'I saw that. You didn't put any money in the poor box!'  The Irishman replied, 'Yeah, but I rubbed the $50 on the box, and according to you, that's the same as putting it in!'
20	AP	Valentine day gift   Husband : What do you want for Valentine Day ??  Wife :  Give me One Ring, that's enough ..  Husband : From Landline or Mobile ??
744	PC	January is national stalking awareness month...   That crept up on my fast
250	AP	Ravens and Crows   A good friend told me a story once. When she was a kid her family would often go to zoos and museums while on vacation. They were in the aviary on one of those visits looking at birds. My friend saw a crow asked the zookeeper a question.   "What's the difference between a raven and a crow?"   The zookeeper looked at her, smiled and started to answer.   "Have you ever heard of a pinion feather?" he said. "Pinions are the the feathers at the tip of a bird's wing that allows it to fly. They are also the ones that people will trim to prevent birds from flying away. Crows have 5 pinion feathers while ravens have 6. So, if you think about it, it's really just a matter of a pinion."   To this day, my friend and her family don't know the real answer to "What's the difference between a crow and a raven?"
94	PI	An Irish man walks into a builders merchant   He gets a tin of paint and puts it on the counter, then pays the cashier; the cashier asked if he'd like a bag for it.  He says: "don't you worry, it's fine in the tin"
103	AP	A woman was getting out of the shower   As her husband was getting in; and she heard the door bell and quickly wrapped herself in a towel and went downstairs. She opened the door and it was their next door neighbor, Mike. He said, I'll give you eight hundred dollars if you drop that towel right now. She thought, well that's a lot of money, so she dropped the towel. He gave her the money and left. She went upstairs and told her husband that the neighbor Mike had come by. He asked if he gave her the eight hundred dollars he owed him.
342	AP	What did the goose say when he found out about flying south?Wanna hear migrate idea?
251	PC	A government man is walking his way to work...   As he carries his heavy suitcase, a Russian woman comes up to him with a whiskey bottle in her hand and says, "I'll jerk your dick while you chug this, deal?"  The man, not even thinking about the situation, agrees instantly and they rush off to the restroom, find a stall, and start doing it. While being jerked, he caps of the whisky bottle and starts chugging. A moment after, he starts feeling funny and dozes off to sleep. He wakes up, unknown of the time that has passed, and looks down only to realize his pants and underwear is gone, including his suitcase.  Horrified, he runs out of the restroom, his thong going everywhere and 'bout, and yells,   "Help! Help! I've been jacked!"
912	PI	[Politics] Trump: 'The less immigrants we bring in the better'   Pence: 'The fewer'  Trump: 'I told you not to call me that yet'
632	PI	A man's wife gave birth while he was on a business trip.   The doctor called and asked, "Did you know you were having quintuplets?"  "I'm not surprised," the man replied, "I've got a dick like a stovepipe!"  "You should probably get it cleaned then," said the doctor, "because they're all black."
191	AP	two lovers were in the heat of passion when all of a sudden the sound of hard breaking and tire screeching was heard from outside   They jump out of bed, she rushes to the bathroom to freshen up, he grabs his cloths and heads out the window.  5 minutes later there is a knock on the front door. She goes to open it while setting her dress. When she opens the door the guy she was just making love to was waiting outside.  "Honey", says her husband. "We're way too stressed out"     edit: added "husband" for clarification
670	PI	The weather forecast is looking pretty bad over in Germany.   There's a high chance of heil.
42	AP	Me: (To Reddit) will you be my valentine ???   Reddit  : " I am married and i have many childs (SubReddits) "
979	PI	Two cops contacts with homicide via radio:   - Send in a team ...  - What is situation?  - The murder, the victim is a man, 38 years old, his mother struck him with a knife several times for entering on the wet, just cleaned floor.  - Did you arrest her?  - No, the floor still wet.
682	PI	ATTENTION: This afternoon I will attempt to travel back in time and change history.   You'll know I've succeeded if Germany loses world war II and Wednesday comes after Tuesday.
859	PI	Why do all Muslims have circumcisions?   Tips off for haram bae.
987	PI	Exotic-sounding names for girls that are actually not suitable as names: i.e. "You Named Her WHAT?!"   Diseases: Zika Chlamydia  Body parts: Vulva Areola Uvula Tibia Fibula Ulna  Workplace acronym: OSHA  Any more that come to mind? These crack me up because certainly somewhere in the world over the course of human history, children have occasionally been given such inappropriate names.  But OSHA might be funny & harmless 😋
92	PI	Julian Lennon messed up breakfast   He tried to make eggs.   He broke the yoke.  Yoke! Oh! Oh no!
458	AP	I followed Dwayne Johnson for an hour and when he wasn't looking I slapped his arse. He turned around and punched me in the face.That's what happens when you hit rock bottom.
91	PI	I feel so bad for the necrophiliac's sister   She died a virgin but she sure wasn't buried one
933	PI	Why was the blondes belly button all red and bruised?   Because her BF was a blonde too.
735	AP	The was once a Jester...   A jester was attempting to make the king laugh in every way he could think of. He tried ticking, telling the king funny stories, he even did some stand-up bits from Brian Regan, but nothing worked.   In the Jester's last attempt, he told a joke, hoping that the King would laugh, at least once.   The King was furious at the joke. He ordered the Jester to be put to death, but before he could, the Jester exclaimed, "It was Jest a joke!"
369	PI	What do you call a Jewish man with heartburn?An acidic  Jew.
252	AP	Aliens come to earth, and they're friendly! [NSFW]   Aliens finally arrive on earth, and they're just as social as we are.  They meet with the human delegation and have a lovely chat, talking about how each species eats and sleeps and so on. "Really! you guys put food in your face hole and throw away any leftovers. We just lay on it and absorb what we need." Stuff like that.  The topic turns to procreation and both delegations admit they're curious and that a demonstration would be probably be best.  The aliens go first. One hops on another's head, starts spinning and after ten minutes or so a tiny new alien falls to the ground, dusts itself off and politely asks for sustenance.  Then it's our turn.  The two volunteers come out and after a couple minutes they've finished (at least one of them has).  The aliens stand there for a moment before one leans over and shyly and asks, "so, uh, where's the new human?" The humans reply, "oh, it'll be here in about 9 months." The alien asks "Then what was the rush at the end for?"     The woman looks into the camera and says "Amen!" as the studio audience bursts into laughter and the credits roll.
203	PI	Why do sumo wrestlers shave their legs?   So people don't confuse them with feminists.
314	PI	A deaf/mute man walks into a pharmacy to buy condoms   ...as he approaches the counter, he mouths to the pharmacist that he needs condoms. The pharmacist doesn't quite understand. Slower, and this time with sign language, the man who needs condoms mouths again that he needs condoms. Still confused, the pharmacist shakes his head and explains he doesn't understand. The deaf/mute man starts mouthing the word "sex" over and again, pointing at his crotch, and again, slowly mouths the word "CON-DOM". Still, the pharmacist looks at him perplexed.   Exasperated, the deaf/mute man finally unzips his pants, pulls a $10 bill out of his pocket, and simultaneously puts the money and his penis on the table. He points to the money, points to his penis, points at the pharmacist, and points at a shelf behind the pharmacist where condoms are on display. The pharmacist unzips his pants, puts his own penis on the table, and picks up the ten dollars.  The deaf/mute man begins throwing a fit. The pharmacist calmly looks at him and says "Well, if you're afraid to lose, don't play the game".
610	PI	What's blue and hangs from a tree in my yard?   Its my nigger, I can paint him whatever color I want.
958	PI	Cop: "Did you kill this man?"......   Cop: "Did you kill this man?" Me: "No, a bullet killed him. Bullets are made of lead, which comes from the ground. The ground is part of nature. He died of natural causes. Case closed."
187	AP	Two goats on top of a hill...   There are two goats on top of a hill eating grass. One says to the other I wish this was the kind of grass that gets you high. The other says did we not just climb this hill?
265	PI	The final solution to manspreading.   So my Jewish friend informed me that his mom was low key, unimpressed with his "manspreading".   I feel bad; the rabbi could avoid all of this by cutting off just a bit more.
364	PI	How do you tell apart the voices in Donald Trump's head from the voices in Steve Bannon's?Trump's voices mumble praise of himself,  Bannon's shriek racial epithets, and both are silent when  Russia  Telecom has an outage.
872	PI	What do fat people do in the summer?   Stink
636	PI	What is nine inches long and keeps a woman up screaming all night?   Sudden Infant Death Syndrome
220	PI	The bartender asks the first one "What can I get you?"   Two race conditions walk into a bar.
256	PC	An Englishman, an Irishman and a Scotsman are driving through a desert.   An Englishman, an Irishman and a Scotsman are driving through a desert when their car breaks down. They decide they must walk across the desert. The Englishman takes an umbrella out of the boot and begins walking. The Irishman takes out his flask, fills it with whisky and follows the Englishman. The scot rips the door off the car and runs to catch up with the others.   Sometime later they come across an Arab caravan. A man walks up to them and says to the Englishman ‘Sahib, you know that it does not rain around these parts?’ The Englishman replies ‘Ah but you see it is not for the rain, it is for the sun.’ And so the Arab knew the Englishman was truly wise. He turns to the Irishman and says ‘You have a flask but it is not filled with water?’ ‘Well you see’ says the Irishman ‘water can be trouble around here so I filled it with something more precious instead.’ And so the Arab knew the Irishman was truly wise. ‘And you sir, for what reason do you carry the door?’ so the Scotsman says ‘Well I figure, if I get too hot I can just wind down the window.’   *formatting
114	PI	A girl with no arms and legs goes to the beach   A girl with no arms and no legs goes to the beach with her mother. While they are sitting on the beach, she starts crying and tells her mother that she's never gotten a hug before and  she thinks the lifeguard is really cute and has her mother ask him if she can get a hug from him.  Mom goes up to the lifeguard and tells him her daughter wants a hug. So he comes over while she is still crying and gives her a hug. As he's walking away, she starts crying more and the lifeguard asks what is wrong. She says she's never had a kiss before and asks if he could give her a kiss. The lifeguard is a little reluctant but gives her a kiss. As he is walking away the girl starts crying hysterically, and now the lifeguard is thinking, what the hell is wrong with her. He says to her "what's wrong" and she says back, "I've never had sex before, I've never been fucked"... the lifeguard then picks her up, walks over to the ocean and throws her in and shouts "THERE! NOW YOU'RE FUCKED!"
466	PI	What do you call a Chinese guy covered in iron?A  Chink in the  Armor   O C pls no steal
324	PI	A man was contemplating suicide on a bridge.   A man was contemplating suicide on a bridge when he looked down and saw a little man with no arms dancing. This cheered him up and made him change his mind about suicide.   When he got down off the bridge he approached the little man to thank him. "Thank you, I was going to jump off the bridge until I noticed you dancing. If you can find the good in life even with no arms, I can do the same"   "Dancing?" Said the little man. "I wasn't dancing, me arse is itchy and I can't scratch it!"
65	AP	I bought shoes from a drug dealer...   I don't know what he laced them with but I've been tripping all day
994	PI	So you think your dad is an alcoholic?   You should see my liquor cabinet!!  Haha...ha... Its empty.  I need help.
408	PI	Two tattooed people ride in a car, who is driving?The police
320	PI	Boudreaux decides he needs to go to college   So Boudreaux heads down to Nicholls State and talks to the Dean. The Dean tells him "Well Boudreaux, you don't have much education, so we'll start you with the basics. Literature, Math, History and Logic."  Boudreaux says "I heard of dem math and books and history, but what's logic?"  The Dean says "Well, let me show you. Do you own a lawnmower?"  "Ya"  "So that means you probably own a home, right?"  "Yessir"  "And if you own a home, you likely have a wife and children, correct?"  "That I do"  "Which means you're a straight male."  "Wow, you figured out all dat from a lawnmower?"  "Yes Mr Boudreaux, that's what logic is."  So Boudreaux leaves and heads down to the bar where he runs into Thibodeaux. He starts telling him about how he's going to college and his classes. Thibodeaux asks him "Well, I know those other ones, but what's logic?"  Boudreaux says "I'll show you. Do you own a lawnmower?"  "Well no Boudreaux, I don't."  "Then you're a faggot."
400	PI	Why do Nazis like dentists?Because they prefer whites
989	PI	Mexican guy: Jesus!   Jesus: No, no, Zeus is Greek. I'm Jesus.
327	PC	One day the teacher decides to skip work & cut out his students eyes out for some reason. He puts the eyeballs in a bag & heads down the busy road until he got stopped by the police  *Teacher - "What's the problem, officer"*   *Police - "We're investigating a crime scene"*   *Teacher - "Is there any questions that you'd like to ask me?"*   *Police - "What's your alibi from 8 am - 12 pm?"*   *Teacher - "I was just chilling with my pupils."*   *Police - "Oh, where can I find your pupils?"*   *Teacher - "Opens bag"*
904	PI	What to you call an Asian lady's private parts?   A vachina.
10	AP	I need help writing a BDSM joke.   I'm having trouble working out all the kinks.
27	PI	First woman on mars.   Houston we have a problem...OK what is it? If you don't know already I am not going to tell you. You wouldn't understand.
597	PI	What do you call a midget with no teeth   A gum job.
963	PI	The worst mix of diseases?   Alzheimer and diarrhea. You run but you don't remember where.
212	PC	Why do they have bar codes on the returning Swedish fleet?   So they can Scandinavian.
930	PI	Some newspapers and celebs have compared Trump to Hitler...   Nazi's are outraged.
322	AP	Models   Why did the models keep tripping on the runway?     They were showing off the fall lineup. Badumtss
488	PI	Sometimes when I turn off the lights and masturbate, it feels like Jesus is watching me.Mexican prison is shit.
756	PI	If history has taught us anything, then it the fact that human beings cant take care of the world and its all down to shit. So let's try a monkey to govern us all   - every Trumpling
617	PI	What do you call an non alkaline Jewish family.   Hasidic
771	PC	A country that shares borderlines with 10 other countries cannot be entered   because it is made of limits
555	AP	Ever since we started swinging my wife has talked about getting her asshole bleached   But I don't think I'd look good as a blond
752	PI	Israeli, German, Russian, and American doctors were talking ...   ‏An Israeli doctor says: "In Israel, medicine is so advanced that we cut off a man's liver put them on another man, and in 6 weeks, he is looking for work."  ‏The German doctor says: "That's nothing, ‏in Germany we take part of a brain, put it in another man, and in 4 weeks he is looking for work."  ‏The Russian doctor says: "Gentlemen, we take half a heart from a man, put it in another's chest, and in 2 weeks he is looking for work."  ‏The American   doctor laughs:  "You all are behind us. Two days ago, we took a man with no brains, no heart, and no liver and made him President...Now, the whole country is looking for work!"
445	AP	My mom told me some bad news today...She said her joints are getting weaker, so  I told her to roll them tighter.
105	AP	I left my wife   At the grocery store.  I told her I would wait in the car.  What I didn't tell her was that I would move the car to the other end of the parking lot, and watch for her to come out.    Something tells me that after 15 minutes of searching, she'll feel the same way I did in the dairy section.  Which butter is healthiest, she wondered, after reading the first 3 labels.  She's probably still reading them.  I can't wait to learn which one she'd chosen.
710	AP	My ex-girlfriend is like a chocolate   She killed my dog
247	PI	Twin sisters just turned 100 years old   Twin sisters just turned one hundred years old in St. Luke's Nursing Home and the editor of the Cambridge rag, "The Cambridge Distorter," told a photographer to get over there and take the pictures of these 100 year old twin bitteys.   One of the twins was hard of hearing and the other could hear quite well.   The photographer asked them to sit on the sofa and the deaf one said to her twin, "WHAT DID HE SAY?"   He said, "WE GOTTA SIT OVER THERE ON THE SOFA!" said the other.   "Now get a little closer together," said the cameraman.   Again, "WHAT DID HE SAY?"   "HE SAYS SQUEEZE TOGETHER A LITTLE." So they wiggled up close to each other.   "Just hold on for a bit longer, I've got to focus a little," said the photographer.   Yet again, "WHAT DID HE SAY?"   "HE SAYS HE'S GONNA FOCUS!"   With a big grin the deaf twin shouted out, "OH MY GOD - BOTH OF US?"
975	PI	If women are so equal to men...   how come they can't oppress an entire gender?
732	PC	Have you been to the two shop oddities market?   It's a little bazaar.
118	PI	A drunk blonde woman was sitting at a bar says to the barman,   A drunk blonde woman was sitting at a bar says to the barman, "Barfender, I'd like a marhini for my heartburn." The barman mixes her drink and puts in down in front of her. A few minutes later, she calls him over and says, "Barfender, I'd like a marhini for my heartburn." He rolls his eyes but mixes her drink anyway and sets it down in front of her. A few minutes later, she waves him over again and says, "Barfender, I'd like a marhini for my heartburn." The barman looks her up and down and says, "First off, it's bartender, not barfender. Second off, it's martini, not marhini. And third, you don't have heartburn, your boob is in the ashtray."
165	AP	Why are ghosts impotent?   Because they have a hollow-weenie  sorry
964	PI	What's Black and sits at the top of the steps?   Stephen Hawking after a house fire
245	PC	an American and a Australian are in the trenches   the American asks: did you come here to die  the Australian says back: no i came here yesterday
759	PC	What is Trumps favorite movie?   Minority Report!
997	PI	A redhead tells her blonde stepsister, "I slept with a Brazilian...."   The blonde replies, "Oh my God! You slut! How many is a brazilian?"
608	PI	What do women and computers have in common?   What do women and computers have in common?  You don't appreciate them until they go down on you.
822	PC	Donald Trump has done so much good for American education.   Now instead of citing my sources on an English paper, I can just write down, "I know it, you know it, everybody knows it."
