359	kept	I purchased the Canon Pixma MX850 to replace an HP that had died after 7 good years. We need it to print and scan plus receive faxes automatically on a single household phone line without interfering with regular voice calls or an answering machine. This is NOT possible with the Canon. You can receive calls normally with your answering machine functioning but having to manually start fax reception OR you can have faxes picked up automatically and no answering machine. So how's that going to work when you're not home but need to receive faxes and voice calls on the same line? It doesn't! HP's worked perfectly so despite lower reviews on other quality factors with HP, I'm going back to an HP AIO. The Pixma MX850 is a pretty nice looking device, the print quality is good but I need it to do the faxing right. If it doesn't matter to you, I'd say it would be okay to buy. One other issue, instead of a single interface for all functions, it installs multiple kinds of software on your computer to do different functions, and I'm not sure if you actually even need them, or if it's just a bunch of bloatware.
187	returned	This just didn't do it for me.  I found it really bulky.  If you're using it in pullout keyboard drawer, it may not fit right.  I didn't find it all that comfortable either.  The gel pad wasn't cushy enough for me.  I like one with more give to it.  They might as well have used hard plastic.And for the money, I definitely don't endorse this product.Usually I'm really happy with 3M products, this one just seems like a waste of materials.
28	kept	This looked wonderful when I first saw it, I happen to like the sleek looking modern design (much more in tune with our decorating then theClear Solutions Jumbo Cookbook Holdercookbook holder I've been using. Yes I said cookbook holder, granted I realize this product is far from being advertised as a cookbook holder but I was hoping for something multipurpose. Cookbook holder, sheet music holder for practice times for my daughter and husband, document holder for my husband or myself, and reference book/sheet holder for our homeschooled daughter as we don't need to use it for all those things at once I hoped this would function well for each as needed.Upon opening the box I was dumbfounded, I'm a college educated adult who has fixed her own dryer and dishwasher along with assembling lots of furniture in our home and yet I stared at this lost, the directions... well they just aren't. I had to go off of the images here online to get it together and I must still be doing something wrong since I've almost put out my eye, my childs eye, and the dogs eye with the darn elastic strap part... it keeps flying off the device and across the room.Also I realized this would be big, but you just don't realize how big until it's set up, and heavy. Great for holding down big books but not making it very moving friendly and between the band and weight not something I'd consider using for my original idea of letting our little girl use it for reference books unless we set it up for her. I also find the band annoying, how it could be a line marker is beyond me as it's not quick nor easy to move and it just ends up being in the way of text, leading to trying to pull it out of the way and ZOOOMMM off it goes across the room again ::sighs::I think I'm going to retire this to our desk for adult use only, making the retail and even amazon price crazy for what it will actually do for us. On a side note the before mentioned cookbook holder that I have is wonderful, lightweight but holds the biggest books with ease, nothing to fling off or put an eye out, and it folds up in seconds to store flat... I highly recommend checking it out if you're looking for something to hold books open (being that it has no real back it wouldn't work well for documents only). I love 3M (could you imagine life w/o sticky notes?) but I think they missed the bar on this one.
268	kept	This is a roll of bubble wrap which is just fine. The packaging is way too big, about 3 times what is needed. This has an effect on the decision to purchase this as you have to get rid of the waste
212	returned	While scanning 35mm film strips in the film holder, "thumbnails" are NOT produced according to specifications.  The scanner just slices off the film strip at a fixed interval that doesn't happen to jibe with my photos.  I checked everything, reloaded all the software, followed instructions to the letter, and finally called Epson product support. I was on the phone on "my dime" for 20 minutes.  All they could suggest was to use the full strip mode and crop the images on the film strip.  That is unacceptable because it's a real loss in productivity.  They said it might be that my photos were dark or there was a dark area in the photo.  My photos were not dark in general but you can find a dark area in ANY photo.A further disappointment was the graininess of all the scanned photos even when scanning at 2400 and 4800 dpi.  I would have to edit all the photos to remove noise and graininess.I tried the Digital ICE and was further disappointed first because the scanner stops and has to "warm up" again in the middle of processing each photo.  Further, the Digital ICE photos were very grainy as well.I bought this scanner to replace my Nikon CoolScan because that unit takes forever to scan slides and 35mm film stips.  All the customer comments on this product were great but I am one that is disappointed and will be shipping the scanner back to Amazon in the morning.
245	kept	I use Scotch products a lot, especially the tape.  I have been buying the larger rolls without the 'holder' that comes with each one of these rolls.  I really dislike that little holder!  When I ordered this package I was thinking of convenience - I wouldn't have to be holding a box cutter all the time to cut the tape.  Well, after applying 2 band-aids to my fingers upon completion of two rolls, I won't mind a bit!I was constantly getting my fingers cut by the serrated edge on the holder as I cut the tape.  Not only that, but the tape would twist as I was taping the sides of a carton.And, as another reviewer said, there is not much tape on each roll so the holder is just a waste of product/plastic.As far as the sticking capability, I did notice I would have to make sure to run my hand over the tape once it was on the box.  I normally do that with any tape I use, but this tape actually 'stood up' from the box in areas.  Odd. It seemed fine once I pressed it all down.  But to make sure, I used extra tape around the top and bottom of the box which is not cost effective and I actually used 1 complete roll for 1 large box.No, this product is not for me.  I will continue to buy Scotch tape in the larger size without the holder.
282	returned	I needed to get my keyboard off my desk and this seemed to be a good solution. It was very easy to install if you have a drill. The instructions were easy enough to follow and I was able to install it in about a 1/2 hour.Using it proved a little harder. The quality is decent but it was difficult to pull out and push back in. I suppose a little grease will help but the mouse pad doesn't fold up as neatly as pictured. Another aspect I disliked was that in order to use it (as a corner tray) you have to pull it out quite far. This put me very far away from my computer monitor and hindered more than helped.The wrist rest is comfortable and it is quite steady when you type on it. Even the mouse tray is steady and has a rim so the mouse won't slide off the side.Overall, I don't recommend it simply for the price. You can get $100 trays that are just as good.
47	kept	I like the clean edge cards.  The only thing I don't like doing, and I've had to do this on other busincess card paper, was to trim the edges with a cutter.  Every time.  The calibration didn't work for me and I followed the instructions as written.If you don't mind having to trim them further, than what you need, either that, or don't use any color near the edges.  Because you may get a white strip that has to be cut.
484	returned	These labels are not a whole lot better than printing on plain paper. I still have to use scotch tape to make them stick. I was trying to save money and, as I tell my prospective clients, you get what you pay for. And I did. Now I'm stuck with all these labels that are inferior. I suggest you spend a bit more money and buy Avery.
127	kept	Love the look of it, price was great but if you do a lot of taping as I do, the base is not weighted enough to truly be &#34;one handed&#34; with ease.  If you are just looking for a desk accessory or only use tape now and then-price and looks can't be beat.
251	returned	And some of the pieces arrived bent.  It says you need two people to assemble it and you do.  While, while holding one of the sides up, I reached to pick up another screw and I let it the side piece tilt to the side a bit and part of the top veneer broke off around the screw hole.  So it's not very well made.  Too,  A quality company will provide better instructions and this one showed ONE diagram for assembling the main components and the rest of the diagrams were for adding the shelves and casters.  There are really no written instructions at all.  I cannot recommend it.
97	returned	... or maybe the adhesive does not do so well at zero degrees F?I bought the 10 x 13 inch envelopes because in theory they hold more pages than 9 x 12 inch envelopes.  I think that is fair to expect.The problem is that the paper of the batch of envelopes that I received was so thin/weak that it ripped under the stress of having 120 pages of documents stuffed inside (even though the capacity looked to be about twice that number of pages).Then with the envelope stuffed the adhesive on the already-sealed end looked like it was starting to lift.  The grip-seal (strip-seal) did not seem to hold well.In fairness it was about zero degrees F -- many things underperform in those conditions (including people like me).  But it did not feel like I should be confident the envelope was going to make it to San Diego in one piece.I ended up reinforcing the entire envelope with clear shipping tape.  That defeats the bargain.I expected better from Mead Westvaco.  Somebody tell me I got a bad batch.Or maybe it is time to move from the frozen tundra to San Diego.
388	returned	The desk is sturdy, now that it's built. That's the most important part.Here's the problem - the quality control is horrendous. One of the pieces I got had the holes drilled in the wrong spots. No, not a mistake I made, they're all supposed to be identical, and this one piece was not. The hole was offset by a good half an inch.So, I contacted the company's support. I gave them the model of the desk, the letter of the piece needed, and a description of the piece and what was wrong with it. They asked for pictures. OK, no problem. I took pictures and emailed them over. They got the pictures, and replied stating that they would get the new part shipped to me.In the mean-time, I didn't have time to wait for a part, so I re-drilled the existing piece, and assembled the desk. It wouldn't be much more than a 15-minute job to replace the piece with the new one later. Good thing I decided to do that, as here we are, 6 months later, and I still don't have the part!I've contacted them 4 times in regards to the part that was supposed to have already been shipped. The first time I contacted them to find out where it was, they wanted to start a new case. I went through that, and THAT'S when they decided to tell me that they already have a case open, despite not being able to find it earlier! Then they told me that it was scheduled to be shipped.... called back a few weeks later, and they gave me the same line. Again, the two times after that. No amount of being nice or fuss would get anything else out of them, but I am still without the replacement part, which was originally 'scheduled to ship' in late-September.So, yeah - customer service sucks. If you buy the desk, cross your fingers that you don't have any issues!
442	returned	Didnt get the XL just the reg one to save some cash, and in the end printed about 4 8x10's and it was empty, so I end up spending way more to get another XL which I should have in the 1st place. DO NOT think you are going to be ok getting the smaller 1 for a few bucks less, it is not worth it!
308	returned	This is a very expensive way to dispense tape.  I'm sorry.  I just cant get on board with this product.  You look like a moron wearing this and refills are increadibly difficult to find.Scotch Pop-Up Tape Strips 90M-12PK(Price for 1,800 inches.)  Once you do find them, you will need to secure an FHA loan to morgage your litter of kittens to purchase it.  (I assume you own a lot of cats if you own this.)In all seriousness, just buy a heavily weighted tape dispenser such asScotch Deluxe Desktop Tape Dispenser, C-40, Black, for 1 Inch Core Tapes.  Refills are easily obtained and are very cheap.Scotch Magic Tape 3/4 in x 1000 in, 10-Count Package(Price for 10,000 inches.) This dispenser is heavily weighted so you can easily pull tape with one hand and you can even select the proper length of tape.Sorry folks.  I just didn't like this product.  It is not a better mousetrap.
151	kept	Nice file system but papers fall out too easily. One false move and everything falls out because the sides are open. I would love the product if the sides were enclosed. I want to use it yo stay organized for taxes but rubber bands or clips will need to be used or I foresee all my filing efforts will be negated if this falls on the floor or out of my hand. Very nice quality materials.
8	kept	I got this for very cheap and well worth it as an add-on item, a few days later the price doubled as most things on Amazon do. Just keep watching the item you might score.
475	kept	ORIGINAL REVIEW:I am a freak when it comes to using pencils- the tip ALWAYS needs to be sharp. For the few "regular" pencils I own (I usually use mechanical), this sharpener will get the job done. However, it only gets three stars because 1) the motor chugs along- it sounds like it's struggles to sharpen pencils- and I see other reviews state the same thing, so it's not like I received a bum sharpener. 2) For the price (or only a little more), I think you can definitely buy a better sharpener that you know will last awhile. I am skeptical on how long this thing will last.Overall, if the price drops (currently $30 + shipping because it's from a different seller) and you're looking for a decent, not-fancy sharpener, go with it. If it's still around 30, look elsewhere and see if you can find a better product.UPDATE 2/10/14:I've had this pencil sharpener in my classroom for awhile now, and my students use it all the time. It is less than impressive. First of all, it is loud. Second, it does NOT do good job of sharpening pencils. My students are at the sharpener for so long, and 8 out of 10 times, they give up and go to to the other pencil sharpener in my room (which is not much better). At this point, I've owned 3 different electric sharpeners. The best one I own, I keep at home :P. It isWestcott Axis iPoint Evolution Electric Pencil Sharpener for Home or Office (15510)and gets my pencil to a super sharp point, every single time. I would definitely recommend the Westcott over the X-acto any day.
364	kept	First, I love the tropical photo on the mouse pad!! but that's all the good stuff...The wrist gel while it was comfortable and soft, it isn't high enough. It needs to be about 25% higher in my opinion. the other drawback is that the mouse pad narrows down near the wrist gel area. In my opinion it shouldn't do this it needs to be wide from top to bottom. This mouse pad is very narrow compared to 3 of my other pads. There just isn't enough working space on it being its narrow.Almost a great all in one mouse pad but too narrow and needs a little more height in the gel.Update 11-1-11Although its mot my favorite mousepad, i've still ben using it but now it had developed a bubble in the center and is no longer flat. I've had to use double sided tape to keep it down otherwise my mouse doesn't glide. It gets stuck on the bubble.
363	returned	This phone does not work well.  It's so frustrating.  I hate that I trashed the box.  It seemed fine for a few months.  Then the erratic behavior began.  The most frustrating is when it simply will not allow you to make a call.  I press the "talk" button and the screen goes blank.  The batteries are fine, but it insists of giving me the message that I am not connected to the base.  Yet, I'm standing right next to it.  I purchased it because we have 4 floor and no intercom.  I have had other Panasonic products and was confident in the brand.  This phone set is a disappointment.
278	returned	The colors are a bit obnoxious. Maybe more for hypno-breeder-scrapbookers aka soccer-mom-crafter-artistwannabees. Otherwise, if you are a serious artist, probably skip. The glaze pens are kind of limited to what they can do and not as nice even flow as typical quality Sakura pens.
383	returned	This keyboard tray is very solidly constructed, heavy, but a bit awkward to use.  I found it hard to install and the design of the product was not ergonomic (at least for me).  I decided I was better off without it.  Pass on this item, you can find something better designed and easier to use.
373	returned	I'm a writer and photographer, so I'm on my computer a large percentage of the day. When I'm writing I don't need my mouse as much, but when I'm editing photos it's all about the clicking. I've even had sore fingers from clicking before, which is definitely something that's annoying. I had the opportunity to try out this wrist rest and was excited for it. I hoped that it would help me to use my mouse with less pain.While the wrist rest part works well, I do not like the mouse pad itself. The pad is very scratchy, so when you move your mouse around it just is a scratchy, grating feeling. It's definitely something that is really annoying for me. I prefer a smooth surface to use my mouse on.I'm definitely not going to be using this mouse pad any time soon. I also reviewed the3M Gel Wrist Rest , Black Leatherette, 7 Inch Length , Antimicrobial  Product Protection  (WR305LE), and that is much more comfortable with no scratchy feeling because I can use whatever mouse pad I want to with it.
463	returned	My main purpose for this scanner was to convert old artwork, paperwork, photos, etc from my children's childhood into workable PDFs.  The scanning images are nice, neat, colorful, clear.However, the issue was that in scanning several pages into PDFs, the "rotate image" function didn't work.  I know what I am doing, so that is not the issue.  The pages would come out upside down, even though I edited the images to make sure they come out in the manner intended.  Rotation of images must be correct! Who wants to keep rotating and then have it mess up more?Epson support was no help whatsoever, but they did confirm that I was doing the right steps.Once in a while in scanning photos, an odd color of green was used and I could not change that.  With some photos, blues and greens showed up completely different from the original photo.  The good thing about scanning is you can place several photos to scan at once.  That sure makes it easier than changing photos all the time.My old scanner was an Epson, but since my PDFs didn't work on this new one, I may not choose an Epson again.  This feature was very important.After hours of frustration, mainly because you have several modes that operate differently, some do this, some do that only, very confusing.  I sent the thing back!!  ....Rizzo
454	kept	I've had this for a few months and it is supportive.  It comes in two pieces, a gel wrist support and pad that is one piece plus a hard plastic piece that adheres to the pad portion of the support.  You are to keep the hard plastic.  It sounds like some people tossed theirs.  The problem is that in hot weather moisture forms between these two layers, the hard plastic and the gel pad, and turns into mildew.  Once it's there, there's nothing you can do to get rid of it and you need to buy a new pad.That being said, this is still a great mouse pad.  It relieves the stress put on the wrist when typing on the computer all day.  I've tried other wrist supports but this one is easier to use and fits better next to the computer and keyboard.  The other colors are rather ugly so I'll be sticking with the blue and I like it enough to reorder the same thing.  I'm not very happy I already have to replace it though.  And if they get rid of the blue and don't have a lighter color (like clear), I'll be getting something different.
50	returned	This blue cardboard accordion file folder is okay. Completely function for what it is - an expanding storage unit for limited amounts of paperwork. There's a folder for most letters of the alphabet, with a few doubling up - a total of twenty folders. This isn't something you'd want to overstuff, simply because it's not the sturdiest unit of its kind. The closeable flap is embarrassingly thin and prone to tearing as a result.The main issue with this product is that you do not get a very good value for your money. For this price, you'd think Wilson Jones could've made the file out of thin plastic rather than bendable, wearable, rip-able cardboard.
40	kept	The point is, it's a large bottle of oil that one is prompted to buy when purchasing a paper shredder. Then when you read the instructions on the shredder, you discover that a few drops of vegetable oil on a piece of paper and then fed into the shredder works just fine.This was a needless expenditure and now I'm stuck with a fairly large bottle of lubricating oil that I have no use for.
473	kept	I was excited to try out this item since it has Mandarin Chinese. I've been teaching myself Chinese for a year and try to practice by going to the Chinatown in Flushing NY, where Mandarin is the predominant tongue (as opposed to Cantonese in most other Chinatowns).The heart of this translation unit is a set of pre-programmed phrases geared toward the casual short-term visitor. There are dedicated buttons for categories such as restaurants, transportation, etc. Within each category is about a dozen or two phrases that may or may not prove helpful to you. A bonus is that it will pronounce the phrases via the built in speaker (3 volume levels) or headphone jack.The main disadvantage of this unit is that you're limited to whatever phrases the programmers decided to include. Some phrases are certainly helpful, such as asking for the bill, making reservations and asking directions. However, many phrases are completely useless from a culture-specific view. Sure, asking what type of cheeses are available is appropriate in Italy or France, but very out of place in China (where they abhor cheese). They could have easily changed the cheeses to tofus and it would have been more relevant. This was a major disappointment for me because I felt like they did not do any research into what phrases might actually be useful to translate into Chinese. They basically picked a set of "universal" phrases and used them for all the languages. The same comments apply to the Japanese phrase pack as well - though they do tend to eat a little bit of cheese.Frankly, even when using the phrases in one of the Romance languages, they are rather boring. No, I'd rather not ask what type of typical American dishes are served when traveling to a foreign nation. Those types of travelers can go to a McDonald's just about anywhere in the world and do fine without a translator.The thing I liked the most about this unit was the Chinese pronunciations. I thought they were spot-on and incredibly helpful for a complex tonal language. As a beginner, I find myself hitting the "talk" button frequently so that I can pay close attention to the tones. It's the next best thing to having a native speaker friend who is willing to repeatedly pronounce the same stupid word for you. Most of the restaurants I visit in Flushing don't have English-speaking staff. With this unit, I can pick a phrase (from the limited choices) and play it to them instead of butchering it myself. That's the coolest thing ever, especially when they smile back because they've completely understood you. It breaks the ice.Unfortunately, I can't give similar praise to the Japanese pronunciations. Most of the phrases sound like they're spoken by a native Chinese speaker struggling to pronounce Japanese. It makes the Japanese sound very harsh and syncopated. What was a shocker to me was that many of the English words have not been translated to Japanese. Rather, they pretend to have translated it to Japanese, but it is still the same English word. Someone got super lazy. For instance, the Japanese pronunciation of "sparkling wine" is "spaaaa-ARC-kay-ling viiiNE." Are you seriously kidding me? It sounds like a native Chinese-speaking robot.I did not bother to test out the German or Romance languages extensively. The pronunciations in them sound a bit better and the list of phrases are definitely designed for visitors to the Euro countries.By the way, the interface is pretty lame. I don't mind the low res text, but the phrases scroll painfully slowly. The buttons are not intuitive. I still haven't figured out how to set the time on this unit. It's rather aggravating to use.
280	returned	Even though there are many positive reviews, this machine is useless unless your faxing needs are limited to a page a day. Cartridges a very very expensive and you will go though many of them even with small regular use. Much happier with the Brother laser machine that replaced this one.
398	returned	As I mentioned in some of my other reviews, I hate ordering printer ink.  It's a huge scam.  This tri-color pack is no different.  If you print color at all you will burn through these cartridges in no time.
206	returned	Note:  this is essentially the same review I wrote for the TRU8885-2, because this phone has the same fatal flaw.Like the TRU8885-2, I was excited to receive this phone, charge up the batteries, and try it out.  My wife and I actually preferred the look of this model to the 8885; the base unit is a bit larger and the buttons are a bit larger and easier to read on both the base and handset.  Unfortunately, after plugging this phone into my line (Verizon phone service with DSL, DSL filter on the line), about 80% of the time the phone would not get a dial tone. Eventually I determined that somehow the 9485 was dialing a "1" all by itself (an 800 number without a preceding "1" went through OK, a local number would get error "do not dial a 1 for this number"). Dialing with the handset or base resulted in the same behavior.This is the same error as with the 8885-2s I returned the week before.  @$#^%@$#! So apparently there is a design flaw with multiple new Uniden models.  Uniden CS was polite but unhelpful, so this phone (just as the other Unidens) had to be returned.I gave this unit two stars due to it's design, and my understanding that this phone must be working on *some* phone lines out there.  Perhaps your luck with this model will be better than mine.BTW, replaced this unit with a Panasonic KX-TG5672B, which works just fine on my phone line.
299	returned	I switched from my previous wrist rest (3M Office Gel Wrist Rest for Keyboards) to this one for a few weeks and my wrists and fingers had never been in so much pain.I am on the computer for 8-9 hours a day during the week.  At first, I thought this would be comfortable since it was a bit firmer than my previous one.  I said to myself, "hey, more support, right?"  Boy was I wrong.  I had to switch back to my old wrist rest.If you prefer a firmer rest wrist, then give this one a try.  It definitely wasn't for me.  It was made well, but was not soft enough in my opinion.
214	returned	I have had this machine since june 2006. This is a decent machine if you can get past its software.The good :- Built-in networking.- The print quality is good.- The cartridges don't run out too quickly and are widely available.- The ADF is very convenient.- All the features are accessible over the network.- Works well under Win XPThe bad :- The software is extremely bloated. Count on at least a half hour to an hour per machine to install it for network use.- The speed is not anywhere near advertised. We are talking more like 30s for the first black & white copy to be complete in average mode, not 30ppm.- Some features are badly broken under Vista, even with HP's latest Vista drivers from March 2007. a) The OCR software produces garbage PDFs under Vista. b) the card reader doesn't work over the network, even after applying one of HP's fixes- Tech support is terrible. I tried to escalate the vista problems, but spent hours with someone in India who was useless and just couldn't do anything besides tell me to uninstall and reinstall the drivers (thanks, that didn't work ...)).- No duplex printing, scanning or copying. I need this for my next machine. But it won't be an HP due to the terrible problems with Vista and tech support.
492	returned	These labels are truly repositionable, even after a week of being stuck to paper.  After two weeks they became harder to remove.My main concern however, is that they do not stick well to non flat surfaces.  I tried to use these on Tyvek (the plastic like envelopes) that were stuffed full of clothing.  The surface was not flat and the labels peeled up from the corners after application.They also peeled from the plain cardboard box I used, but not the boxes supplied by the Post Office that have a white paper coating.The adhesive seems to have a problem with some surfaces so use with caution.  Not up to Averys usual standards.
82	returned	This is your standard stapler, with biodegradable plastic, treated with Microban, and takes standard size staples.  It's lightweight. However, the first time the top was opened for loading staples and somehow the loading spring broke.  So- I've never been able to actual use it because the spring that holds the staples in place just &#34;floats&#34; back and forth without tension.  Very disappointing.
414	kept	If I had actually paid for this, I would probably be pretty annoyed.  Basically, it's not so much a laminating machine as you'd imagine one, and more a set of rollers that smooth contact paper over stuff. The main expense isn't the device itself, but rather the special contact paper you have to buy.  And even with the rollers, the 'laminating' process is tricky.  It's very easy to wind up with bubbles.  Which -- it seems like if all your thing does is smooth contact paper over your thing-to-be-laminated, it should do that in a fairly foolproof manner.
265	kept	The 3M whiteboard eraser appears to be just a blue sponge glued to the top of a white sponge.  There is no odor, which is good, so I can't tell if there is any special cleanser embedded in the sponges or not.  I first tried the eraser on an old white board that I have had hanging on my fridge for years.  Over time it has become a "gray board" and there were many remnants of old dry erase markers left on it.  I was really hoping that this eraser would clean the board and make it less of an eyesore.  It did remove some of the residual, but not nearly what I had expected it to take off.  I scrubbed a little harder and more did come off.  I wet the sponge to see if that helped and it did improve it quite a bit.  I have a couple of the Mr Clean Magic Erasers and I decided to try one of those on an area of the whiteboard that I had not yet tried to clean with the 3M eraser.  The Mr. Clean eraser worked just as well on the dry erase marker as the 3M eraser did.  It also costs less than the 3M.  However, the 3M eraser completely removed permanent ink whereas there was still a shadow of the ink left after using the Mr Clean sponge.Since the Mr Clean Magic Eraser works well on other surfaces besides a whiteboard, I would not recommend purchasing the 3M Whiteboard Eraser if you will have only dry erase/wet erase markers to clean up.  On the other hand, if you have a whiteboard that has been written on with a Sharpie or other permanent marker, the 3M eraser is definitely the thing to use.
336	returned	I use index cards at all to write talking points for meetings and such. Back in the day, Mead index cards were a lot thicker than they are today. Now, I usually just buy them at the dollar store. They are thin but they serve their purpose. But, if one is going to pay around 3-plus dollars for index cards, they better be the thick ones. These, the Mead 3x5-inch index cards are comparable in quality and thickness to the dollar store ones. I had an old pack of Mead index cards and compared them. Wow, what a difference in quality and thickness. I was very surprised that they price went up but that the quality and material used went down.The other issue is that these are so thin that when you write, depending on the pen, the ink can bleed through the other side. You can see impressions of what you wrote on the other side of the index car.
250	kept	This would be an okay printer stand if it used different screws because tightening Phillips head screws going into wood in tight corners with a screwdriver is as close to 'mission impossible' as they come. I've assembled dozens if not hundreds of things in my 'consumer' career because the price we pay for affordability is often inconvenience but this one should top the list of frustration.In the end, we got a printer stand that appears to be holding itself together, barely, because some of the screws could not be tighten all the way no matter how hard we tried. I believe that there's some special tool that takes care of screws in tight corners but we don't have it and I wasn't about to buy or borrow one for this project.So, what you get is very much what you see. It should hold a printer and some supplies but you can't really place too much weight on the paper-thin sheet-metal shelf or it buckles as it did when I touched it with my hand. It's 2 stars because, knowing what I know now, I would not buy this stand.
141	returned	Although users are quite happy with the printer, I would be hesitant with this printer purchase. What happens if you run out of one color? You'd have to buy a whole new color cartridge?
16	kept	Great price on the phone, but quality of sound is not good. It still can be used if you main phone broke and you need temporarily to use something else until you purchase a better phone.
244	kept	I use at least a roll of packing tape a week, so I am pretty good at using tape dispensers, this product has one major flaw, the very sharp cutting edge is not recessed, so there is nothing to protect your hands or fingers from being cut.I still have a pretty sore finger from my first attempt at using this product, so the experience is quite fresh in my mind. I actually cut my finger trying to remove the piece of cardboard so I could actually use the tape for the first time.There is no caution statement on either the dispenser or the package about very sharp edges, so buyer be warned, and do not let children near this dispenser.The tape itself is great, and the size is good for taking with you to the Post Office if you need to finish packing a box there, but I strongly suggest finding a container to put this tape dispenser in so you do not cut yourself trying to fish it out of your purse or bag.If you frequently use tape, I would recommend a different dispenser:While still sharp, the cutting edge is slightly recessed which will protect your hands and fingers. It is also easy to reload with replacement rolls of tape and out of the many different tape dispensers I have tried, it performs the best.Scotch Packaging Tape Hand Dispenser DP300-RD
73	kept	By far one of the strongest fulfillment tapes I've ever used. My only issue -- I had to change the blade in my tape gun in order to cut it, and even with a new blade, if I didn't cut it cleanly on the first attempt, I had to grab a scissors.Edit: Not long after I originally reviewed this tape, I put together a box that I ended up not using. Not wanting to cut the tape to refold the box for storage, I just left it sit taped-up. Well, today I needed to use that box.Unfortunately what I found is that the tape was curling-up, and not fully adhering to the box any longer. It's a bad thing when a shipping tape doesn't permanently stick to cardboard, so I need to downgrade my rating.My advice is to make sure any place you use this tape on the box, you encircle the box so the tape can adhere to itself. Do not expect it to adhere very well to the cardboard.
224	returned	What drew me to this type of tray was that the trays moved so it was easy to retrieve whatever was in the tray. The reality of the matter is the trays aren't very stable and you cant put much in them. And the slide backwards as well. i lost a lot of papers behind my desk for that very reason. The stand doesn't like to stay put either. Its not very sturdy and it slides very easily. Another way I lost a lot of papers. There are enlough trays in the world to skip over this one and find something better made.
303	returned	I used to have one of those simple pinch-type staple removers, must have lost it. So I was excited to give this a try, but it's just poorly designed. It's heavy-duty and well-made but when you set it flat on the work surface to try and remove a staple, it slides all over the desk! When you hold it in mid-air, it doesn't grip the staple!Add to that that I have hands on the larger side and STILL the handle is difficult to grasp firmly. Can't really recommend this at all.
367	kept	This is no replacement for a laminating machine.  If you are laminating an 8.5x11 inch document (printer paper size) it is quite frustrating and not perfect in the least bit.In order to laminate, you must first peel the backing off one laminating sheet (made easy by arrows and tabs) and lay your paper on top.  Then you must peel the backing off a second laminating sheet and try desperately to make the two sheets match up perfectly while the sheet curls and tries to cling (perhaps static draws them together so quickly).  As far as I am concerned, getting them to line up is impossible.  I was not able to do so but got it pretty close one time.  If you do mess the aligning up really badly and recognize it before the two sheets are about 1/2 way together and pull the sheet off it will take the ink off your document and the ink/typing will stick to the laminating sheet.I would only recommend if you need to laminate one or two things a year and the machine would take up unnecessary space in your house.  It may also be ok to use if you are laminating smaller items so you can trim off the pieces where the laminating sheets don't align.
197	returned	I wish printer manufactuers would just charge a realistic price for their printers rather than always trying to kill us on the price of the ink.  It's often cheaper to throw away a printer and buy a new one than to get replacement ink for it.  This stuff seems to last about 50 pages before it goes dry.
112	kept	which is what I wanted it for. Hopefully it will work for something else some day, but this is a lot to pay for something I have little use for other than that specific task.
408	kept	What can you say about a paper clip really. Does it hold the paper yes, in my case my only issue is they leave a blackish dirt color on white paper as they where not washed before packing. Other than that, they are a good product in that they hold the paper. That's really all one can say.
447	kept	I bought this for art journaling and found them hit or miss as far as what they will write over. Plus, they stink pretty badly when using. I like the sakura Uni-ball pens better for a white pen.
34	returned	To me, this kit seems like a cheap product, overall.  And an unnecessary one.You get a couple of very small microfiber cloths and a cheap tool made of foam rubber that has a material something like Velcro on one side (that you scrub with) and a U-shaped prong on each end.  Apparently the prongs are for going between the keys on the keyboard.  You also get a small bottle of cleaning fluid.I can't see where anyone really needs any of this.  You're better off using a damp cloth or something else.  3M (if it's the same company) makes some other very good products.  I've used their wet or dry sandpaper over a period of years and it's excellent.  But I wouldn't recommend this particular product at all.
380	returned	Item came damaged because it wasn't in a properly sized package.  It was crammed into a box that was too small to hold it and thus was bent.
424	returned	It doesn't say it is anything like the Power Ease; I assumed it would be something like it; if it were not a hassle; would send this wimpy stapler back.  Don't get it and get the Power Ease.
41	returned	There was at least one reviewer who had indicated the price of this lubricant was reasonable.  I am not sure he calculated its cost which is roughly $87.00 per gallon.  At that price it may be cheaper to never lubricate your shredder and just replace it when it wears out.  I am not advocating that you should not lubricate your shredder, but just plain motor oil will be nearly as good and a lot cheaper considering that you can lubricate many items in your home by using an inexpensive oil can filled with inexpensive motor oil.  Some may want to use a light grade in one can and a heavier grade in another, but you can save yourself a lot of money over the years by not buying "special purpose" lubricants when they are not really needed.  Of course you would want to use higher priced synthetic oils like Mobil One in your Ferarri or Mercedes that is required for their warranty, but even that standard for high performance engines is still more than 10 times cheaper than this "Shredder Oil".  Decisions on the use of certain types of oil are not going to make or break you, I am just suggesting putting such small decisions into perspective.  Its similar to the example of the guy who buys a new car every two years and trades his old one in, but he will change his engine oil every 3,000 miles because that's what his father told him to do.  The only reason for changing the oil so often is if you are selling your car to your father who will keep it for years.In conclusion, if it makes you feel better using the "special $87.00 per gallon shredder oil" I think you should do so.  But you may want to acknowledge that at least some of your decision is based upon how you feel as opposed to how you think.
18	kept	I ordered i think 4 70-sheet notebook spirals, and 2 100-sheet sprials from this company that sent me the wrong items from SAM'S club?? But I didnt return the 2 1oo-sheet spirals along with the 4 120-sheet spirls? because 1. I didnt feel like waiting for them any longer when I needed them for school 2. So that i wouldn't spend any more money on more page spirals at walmart or office depot so it's okay that my order got wrong. I had already ordered 70 sheet spirals of Mead from another company just in case it happened... They are nice notebooks though. Paper quality is a bit thicker than your average thin ..smearable paper if you write with pencil alot (which I don't unless its a math or number involved class)I like them.
53	kept	These dividers are pretty basic. They have plastic tabs which you can insert custom labels into (though you have to write on them by hand or create your own custom template without any help from the manufacturer). The dividers are not particularly thick nor thin and they do have a somewhat reinforced edge. They are essentially quite basic. This is not necessarily a problem, but you can get a slightly better set of 8 dividers made by Avery with color tabs from OfficeMax for $1.39. This set is $2.56 at present. The Avery ones have a better system for holding the color plastic tabs, better reinforcement along the edge, and a system for making sure the tabs don't fall out. If you're making a big order on Amazon for office supplies and don't want to buy separate dividers, then it probably wouldn't hurt to pile this into an order, but, if you shop around, you can do better.
440	kept	Maybe I should give myself some more time to get used to it, but at first glance (no pun intended) the Fellowes Smart Suites Corner Monitor Riser looks like it's destined for a place in our basement storage area--not on my computer desk. Why?* First of all, how many people actually locate their monitors in a corner?Okay, red faced, I will admit that my future home office will use a corner location for the monitor. However, my current home office has the monitor located squarely in the middle of the wall. The monitor riser does work there, but I fear that a good push to the rear will send the rear leg over the edge. The result will be the riser and my Dell 21" monitor flying against the wall.* Second of all, how high is too high?I have a custom made computer desk specially designed to have the top of the desk at the proper ergonomic height for the monitor. Now here comes the Followes and raises it higher than needed. I want to glance down at the monitor, but there is sits with my eyes squarely directed to the bottom of the screen. And that's without the additional height with using those rubber risers. Now, maybe that's me and maybe your desk is lower. If so, you can consider this product provided, of course, that you plan to work in a corner. But please do measure things first.* Third of all, what's up with those instructions and those unknown extra parts?Granted, documentation isn't always what it should be. But the double-sided instructions are confusing and hard to follow--and I am an engineer. (I know. Shame on me!) I managed to figure things out with one notable exception just by looking at the riser and it's associated parts. Honestly, it's not that hard.Oh yes, the one exception. For the life of me I can't figure out what the extra parts (screws?) are intended to be. They don't show on the instructions (I don't think that they do), so what is their intent. And what about that part on the instructions that looks like a USB bridge. Where is it in the box and what does it do?Really, Fellowes. Monitor risers aren't intended to be so hard or so complex that they need two pages of instructions to install. Someone clearly was rushing or not paying close attention when this product was put together. Not very smart.Now, if you'll pardon me. I have to remove my Dell monitor from the Fellowes Smart Suites Corner Monitor Riser and carry the riser downstairs to store for possible use at some future date.
138	returned	When the description for the product said "leather-like" and "desk-top organizer," I was expecting something heavy with some kind of faux- leather finish. This organizer is sturdy, but made from the same standard cardboard material most expandable files are made from. The "leather" design printed on the front and back isn't even slightly convincing or attractive. Very deceptive advertising.I found the organizer to be much too narrow, to hold much of anything, let alone it's advertised 900+ sheets of paper.  The pockets are not large enough to hold a file folder so I'm always fishing around the bottom for loose papers. The open top is convenient, but the size and construction make it a fairly disposable item. Doesn't really work for me.
241	kept	This tape is obviously made for commercial and industrial packaging, yet the dispenser is so small and cheaply made as to be useless.Take a pass on this one.
51	kept	Eight-page tabbed dividers can be surprisingly expensive, so this set can be a frugal choice as long as you are aware of its limitations.The multicolored tabs are of sturdy, semi-transparent plastic. The cardstock inserts are similarly rugged. However, the 8.5x11 dividers themselves are surprisingly flimsy. Although the weight of the stock isn't specified, it is comparable to multipurpose laser-printer paper. Even worse, the reinforcements surrounding the ring punch-outs -- the portions of each page subject to the greatest and most frequent stress -- have very little reinforcement.The portion of this eight-page set I used daily -- and gently -- lasted less than a week before tearing. The dime-store version I used in the rest of that binder survived much better, although the tab clarity was less satisfactory. The remaining pages of the set have survived about five weeks' delicate and infrequent use, but there's obvious wear at the site of the rings.Bottom line, if you are considering these for routine school or office use, keep looking. They are acceptable only for one- or maybe two-inch binders that receive just occasional use.
172	returned	I was very hopeful for this marker set, and impressed with its presentation and packaging.  It has great fold out packaging, making all colors easily accessible and organized.That's where my good impression ended.Perhaps it's because I have, for 20 years, worked with professional artists' mediums, but I am accustomed to consistency and accuracy in color swatching for my inks and paints.  The color swatching for these pens is "off", to say the least.  Do not trust the lid to equal the shade of the ink in the pen.  For some colors, it was quite accurate; for others, not at all (and I was tempted to switch some of the lids to better match the colors inside).  If you get these pens, create a test-sheet on pure white paper, so you can have a better color map for the pens.As I tested each color, I found the consistency of the tips of the pens to be lacking.  Some gave me a heavy, thick line, and others a very thin one.  Some ebbed and flowed with the ink distribution.  (With same angles and pressures applied.)  This can be problematic while working on a project.The ink levels/dryness also varied a LOT.  Some pens gave a heavy consistent ink line, while others seemed dry right from the start.  Others gave something in between, as the ink levels came and went.  The lighter colors seemed to be lacking in ink distribution more than the darker, richer colors, but even that wasn't consistent.  Again, if you end up with these, a test-sheet of paper will remind you which colors are heavier in distribution than others.I ran these pens through the wringer, using them heavily to see how they lasted, and again, the life of each pen seemed to differ greatly from the others (but the dryer beginners did die faster, which I expected).  None lasted as long as competitors' brands that I have used.If you need some pens for a quick, disposable or of lesser-importance project, then these might be a good choice (if they are cheap enough).  But if you're looking for quality pens for a project that holds any weight, then there are better choices.I'm disappointed that I have to write this review as is.  I was very hopeful that these would be a quality product.  I would not purchase these, except maybe for a child who was doing a quick science fair poster or something along that line.
135	returned	The spindle in the middle isn't large enough to hold the label in an exact enough position to be sure you aren't off center.  I can do as well or better eye-balling it.  If you use the larger one, I expect it is fine as I have used those successfully in the past, but I used the smaller one and it is about 10% too small to fit exactly without care you can apply without the device.
387	kept	not the greatest desk, and dissapointed i overpaid. does the job but doesnt feel quality. Legs are not steel, they are light aluminum... which is ok if you like that, but it makes the desk less stable and doesn't give the bulk sturdy feel.the glass is good, but other then that, don't pay more than 100 for this desk. i would return it but too much a hastle.also, keyboard tray is too close to the desk... you can't type on a keyboard unless you slide it out (not good for people who can type without looking at the keys). i have a slim keyboard too and still no room.
35	returned	Not so great ,I don't like this  ,it not do anything to your computer .bye bye no more buy for  this
481	returned	This did not work at all for me. I tried to use it to hang my small first aid kit in my truck on the textured plastic panel in back. Nope, no matter what I did it didn't stick, fell right off. The kit was not that heavy at all, a minor boo boo kit. I prepped the area well, and also did it it warm weather and nope, nothing. It also did not seem that sticky to me as other ones have, maybe I got a dud. Real disappointed. Hopefully it works for other applications. so far none. If it wont stick to warm trim in a car, wonder how it holds up outside in the cold?
105	returned	After having problems with the cheaper, non-OEM cartridges, I decided to go back to the HP brand.  I've always had good luck with the genuine HP product - until this one.  After only several uses, one of the colors stopped working, rendering the cartridge useless.  The unit was within its expiration date.  I tried running the 'clean printheads' several times with no luck.I blame it on a potential bad batch because when I visited our local big box retailer and purchased the same cartridge, at retail price, it worked fine.
168	returned	This this is a huge dissapointment.  Not sure what it is supposted to be used for, but it does not hold much weight at all.  I set it up to hold my beading and wire bending supplies.  Admittedly, like most beaders, I am a bead hoarder. Even so, while the beads physically fit into the drawers, the drawers dropped from the tracksThe frame is some kind of metal but it feels like plastic.  There are much better products out there for slightly more.  I'm sorry I got cheap on this one.  I really don't like it.
445	returned	Teachers, you're better off buying real pencils at 3x the cost.  These are horrible.  Many have un-centered lead, so they didn't work at all.  It's almost impossible to re-sharpen them, so they're one time use.  I considered them a waste of money.
319	returned	Or maybe I received a defective batch of enveloopes to test?The envelopes are nice, white, sturdy #10 Security envelopes. They are self stick, with a flap that covers the self-sticky part until you are ready to use it -- however, in most cases the flap was slightly stuck to the sticky part that it was trying to protect. However, once I got past that hurdle, the envelope sealed VERY securely.Now, to test this Reveal-N-Seal feature, I left the sealed envelopes for a few days -- then I opened them by trying to gently undo the sealed flap -- they don't open very easily-- which is nice. The strong glue ensures that it is NOT easy to unseal the whole envelope -- but NOWHERE did I see those red letters!!  All I got for my efforts were security envelopes that had their flaps torn open....THAT of course is an indicator of a "security breach" but... red letters? Not a one.
148	returned	I have used a Hunt Boston pencil sharpener for years.  The Hunt Boston sharpener is relatively quiet and efficient.  I think we have used it for at least five years or more.  I am also a huge fan of X-Acto knives.  I have a bunch of X-Acto knives along with dozens of blades.  X-Acto brand knives and blades are great for woodworking, building plastic models, and other hobbies.  Thus, I was excited to try a pencil sharpener from X-Acto.The pencil sharpener looks like a high quality product.  It feels solid and sturdy and rests firmly and flatly on my workbench.  I was initially impressed and almost ready to sharpen pencils.  Before I did, I removed the tray that holds the wood shavings.  The tray seemed a little cheap, but hey, it is a plastic tray to hold trash, so how fancy does it need to be?  The problem came when I tried to put the tray back into the pencil sharpener.  The tray would not go back into its slot.Surely, I was doing something wrong.  I took the tray back out to make sure I had not missed some sort of adjustment that needed set to get the tray back into the sharpener.  After all, I am a typical guy and I only read the instructions after figuring out how something works, if ever.  However, I had not missed anything.  The problem is that a plastic prong on the back of the tray, which I think engages a safety switch that enables to sharpener to work only when the tray is in place, did not properly mate with the hole.  It takes some jiggling of the tray to get it in place each time I remove it.  The inability to easily mate with the pencil sharpener subtracts one and a half stars.After finally getting the tray back into the pencil sharpener, I was ready to sharpen a pencil or a bunch of them since I seem to accumulate dull pencils on my workbench, where I do not have a pencil sharpener.  Into the sharpener went a pencil.  The good news is that the sharpener did quickly put a nice point on the end of my pencil.  The bad news is that I thought the sharpener was broken.  The sharpener makes a horrible grinding noise every time I sharpen a pencil.  In contrast, my Hunt Boston sharpener makes a humming noise when the motor operates.  The X-Acto sharpener seems to be working well; it is just relatively noisy compared with my current Hunt Boston, and a former electric sharpener that the Hunt Boston replaced.  The noise is also obnoxious and sounds like something is operating in a way it should not be operating.  I subtract a second star and a half for excessive and unnecessary noise, which may be an indication of something that may break in the long term.I must to admit to some disappointment.  X-Acto is a brand I associate with high quality.  The shaving tray is hard to install and the motor sounds like grinding gears.  It is possible that my pencil sharpener is defective.  However, I would have thought that routine acceptance testing would catch a defective product prior to shipment.  That leads me to believe that X-Acto considers this product typical production.  If that is the case, I have to recommend against purchasing this product.I looked at the ratings on Amazon for this product and, unsurprisingly, learned that this product has many one and two star ratings.  The one and two star ratings tell a story.  Many of the ratings are because the sharpener failed to sharpen either well or at all.  Many of these ratings are because the sharpener failed immediately or within days, weeks or months of purchase.  What I wonder is whether someone thought it might be a good idea to involve Amazon Vine reviewers in the hope that Vine reviewers might be more favorable.  If that was the thought, the thought was in vain because I am only slightly more impressed than previous reviewers are.I hoped the X-Acto name was an indication of the quality of this product.  It is not.  I am disappointed with the shavings tray and with the noise level and the type of noise.  This product does not seem to me like it is going to be durable and without changes, I would not buy this product again.  Because I would not purchase this product for quality and performance reasons, it automatically receives two stars.Good Luck!
386	returned	I honestly do know understand how this chair could get a 4 start rating on average. The chair is properly shaped and does support your back, but it is too firm for my taste. The quality is SO SO. My package was brand new and it was missing some of the packing material and the base had minor but noticeable scratches. I really dont care about these scratches, but it does show the craftsmanship and built quality of the item. Most likely I am going to return this item.
443	returned	I have had this printer for approximately 2 years now.  Right out of the box, it had some pluses and minuses.  I was pretty impressed with it initially, but now I am disenchanted.The things I liked about it when I bought it were: 1.  Wireless connection to my home network, 2.  Sleek design with LED controls, 3.  The promise of high quality prints from an all-in-one printer.  One thing I did not like about it is the clunky paper tray which must be removed in order to change papers, and is a flimsy nature of the paper adjustment tab inside the tray.Two years later, I still appreciate the machine for its wireless connection to my home network.  Also, I have never had any trouble with the LED controls.  The machine's paper feeder (on top) folds closed into a sleek profile that sheds dust when it is closed.  However, it developed paper feed problems verily quickly right from the start, both from the bottom tray and the upper paper feeder.  Both trays have a tendency to pick up more than one piece of paper at a time.  The top tray got so bad that I had to feed it one paper at a time, I could no longer put a stack of papers in it and have it pull them out one at a time and copy them.  By now, the upper paper feature does not work at all.  Every single paper that I try to feed into it jams, which makes multi-page faxes a thing of the past.  Essentially, it is impossible to fax anymore, which is a great disappointment to me.The "photo quality printing" turned out to be a problem right from the start.  I purchased some high-quality paper to use with it, and it turned out that the paper was too heavy and became jammed.  I talked to an expert at the company where I purchased the paper, and he told me that the Artizan 800 was not recommended by his company because it did not have an upper paper hopper to load the heavier stock into.  He told me that bottom feed printers such as the one I bought were not really suitable for the heavier photographic papers.In addition, the printer driver does not work very well for non-Epson papers.  Initially, I did buy some Epson papers and was dissatisfied with them because I do not like their texture.  Switching to a better quality paper presented a problem because there was no way to adjust the driver to accept it.  The best I could do was to get into the "Advanced" tab in the printer driver and adjust that for an Adobe profile, gamma 1.8.  This does not give pictures that are absolutely true to my calibrated monitor, but the approximation is okay.  At this point, I am shopping for a dedicated photo printer that will accept ICC profiles for the papers I want to use.  I really like the papers that I have bought from RedRiver Papers.All in all, I am disappointed with this printer, and probably will not purchase an Epson printer again.  I will probably purchase an inexpensive HP all-in-one to replace the Artizan.  Fortunately, I was initially able to buy the Artizan at a deep discount, so I do not feel so completely ripped off.I would not recommend buying this printer, I believe that other printers will do a comparable job, or even better job, for less money.
392	kept	What I like about this mouse pad:- it has a non-slip back- it's pretty; especially for a young girl- the mouse moves easily over the surfaceThe mouse pad area is about 25% too small but I suspect that is because this seems to be a child's mousepad.What I really don't like and the reason I rated this 2 stars is because the gel pad is too hard and actually hurts my wrist.  I tried moving my right wrist and arm along the pad in several positions but that didn't help.  In fact I was in pain after using this for 30 minutes.  If it weren't for this issue for me, I would have rated this 5 stars.
123	returned	I was excited to receive this phone, charge up the batteries, and try it out.  Unfortunately, after plugging this phone into my line (Verizon phone service with DSL, DSL filter on the line), about 80% of the time the phone would not get a dial tone.  Eventually I determined that somehow the the 8865 was dialing a "1" all by itself (an 800 number without a preceding "1" went through OK, a local number would get error "do not dial a 1 for this number").  Dialing with the handset or base resulted in the same behavior.Thinking this was a bad unit, I tried a 2nd unit (same model), this one did the same thing.  @$#^%@$#!  So there is either a design flaw with this model or there's a bad batch of 8885's floating around.  Uniden CS was polite but unhelpful, so both phones had to be returned.I gave this unit two stars due to it's sleek design (though I think the base unit is a bit *too* small and the tiny buttons could be an issue).  Perhaps your luck with this model will be better than mine.
372	returned	I got this mouse pad to replace one that slipped around on my desk too much. Well, this one doesn't move around, that's true, but the wrist rest is way too hard to be comfortable. I pictured something a little cushy, but this is truly as hard as a rock. I like the idea of the antimicrobial protection, but it's not worth the discomfort.
108	returned	the rings open up too easily an then after not long, they don't even close correctly.
77	returned	The design of these particular tapes is such that if you have text in more than one line, such as I do on my desk calendar, and try to use it directly underneath the line you just &#34;whited out&#34; the plastic on the dispenser will scrape off what you just covered.  For me this is a deal breaker as it completely undermines the purpose that I had in mind when I purchases it.
451	returned	With a product named &#34;Business Notebook&#34;, I was expecting something with professional quality and professional features. What you get is only slightly different from a typical school notebook. You get the same thin plastic cover and spiral binding. The paper is perhaps a little thicker than the cheapest school notebooks, but nothing special. The paper is oddly printed into separate white and yellow sections which are both labeled &#34;Quick Notes&#34;. The product photo makes it appear to have a pocket in the front, but that is an illusion. The product description says &#34;perfect for use with smartphones&#34;. What does that mean? This is just a paper notebook. There is no pocket to carry a smartphone or any other smartphone features that I can see. The price of this notebook is double what a school notebook would cost and for that price I would expect some real business features like a hard cover, pockets for pens and business cards, etc. Maybe this meets other peoples' business needs, but not mine.
403	kept	I like the design idea here, I have a few different customer files that I'd like to have quick access to, without having small things like business cards and CD's falling out the sides of a regular folder, but the front flap on this portfolio is just annoyingly designed. First off, the plastic button that the elastic attaches too is big enough to get caught on things inside my top-load briefcase as I'm trying to remove it or put it back. Secondly, the flap itself is made of a not-very-flexible plastic so I'm fighting the thing every time I try to open it to get to the files. It wants to fold back down, or stick straight up, and won't fold over the back without a fight.It's a good idea, but poorly realized in my opinion.
441	kept	The stand works as it should, in that it raises my monitor just under 4 inches.  However, for $30 ($40 as their MSRP), I am hard-pressed to give this a rating of anything higher than 2 stars.The stand comes with two sets of rubber raisers, which raise the stand half-an-inch each.  It's made of plastic, and even though it seems sturdy enough, I doubt this will last in the long run.  It slightly bent before going back into shape when I put my 17" Dell monitor atop.  I use it at the office, so it actually adds more desk space.  The box it comes in makes it seem as though there's more to it.  Now that I peruse Amazon.com's listing, a couple of the photos show an attachment that holds a laptop.  IT IS NOT INCLUDED.  You only get the stand and two sets of rubber raisers.  That's it.For $30, I'd suggest you look elsewhere.  This is a universal stand that took me a while getting used to because of its un-adjustable height (besides the two raisers), but I'd strongly recommend you get something that accommodates your specific monitor.  It would be around the same price, if not cheaper, and most likely made of better material.  If this were $10, maybe even $15, I would give it 4 stars as a stand that cannot adjust shorter than 4 inches.Most monitors can raise themselves, but those that can't (mine), it's probably too low for the office environment, and can lead to bad posture.  That's the only reason I ordered a monitor riser, but I'm considering another option.
118	returned	Not fair to the ink that I hated this printer so much, but this expensive set of cartridges dried up just as fast as the cheaper no-names... go figure.  I finally wised up and bought another brand of printer.
15	returned	Yeah, it's a mouse pad, but the top surface is poorly attached and curled up very quickly.  Better to have one that's all one piece.
56	returned	If you are a fan of soft feel retractable pens, you will probably like these ones. They work fine.But have you tried their older cousin, the classic BiC Cristal Stics (and I mean *classic,* like 1959 classic)? They are cheap-looking, ultra-simple pens, so they may not have graced your hand if you (like me) thought that a pen needs to be "soft feel" or "rubber gripped" to be comfortable. But then you'd be (like I was) missing the genius of these pens.The classic BiC's were designed exceptionally, like bizarrely well. And I don't mean in a quaint, historical way. In a modern way -- no, in a *timeless* way -- the classic BiC's adhere magnificently to principles of space, form, structure, density, and gravity. Because of their hexagonal shape, they require minimal plastic while also retaining a surprising strength (try snapping one), and the hexagonal grip points give the pens impressive writing stability. A tiny hole drilled in the barrel's body keeps the air pressure the same both inside and outside the pen. Gravity feeds the thick ink down a tube to a free-spinning ball bearing that was manufactured within a fraction of a micron of accuracy. The result is that when the pen is pressed against paper, the ink slides out cleanly and, well,... perfectly. It's not only one of the most inexpensive pens (less than $1.50 for a pack of 10), it's also probably the most efficient pen, with a single pen able to write over 100,000 words (or about 2 novels). Hopefully this helps you understand why, when describing the classic BiC's, I am comfortable using the word "masterpiece."And hopefully this helps you understand why, in comparison, clunky and over-designed "soft feel" pens seem somewhat repulsive.Sorry if I come off as a pen snob.
376	returned	I have been using a gel-type wrist rest from another brand that starts with an F. Seeing this 3M foam wrist rest on Amazon Vine, I thought why not give it a try. Well, I can agree that this is a comfortable wrist rest, and I don't even detect any strong smell unless I stick my nose to the wrist rest's surface. However, I find this foam wrist rest to be inferior to my gel wrist rest on one important count: cleanliness. With the gel wrist rest, all I need is to wipe it with a damp cloth, and the non-permeable surface is clean as new. But this form wrist rest has a cloth surface, which is permeable. Yes, it has been treated with an antimicrobial agent and perhaps nothing can grow on it. But it does not follow that we don't have to clean the surface. This wrist rest attracts lint and other small dirt like magnet, and thanks to its black color, the dirt is very visible. Needless to say, I am switching back to my gel wrist rest.
382	kept	Worked for me but leaves black dots on every page, presumably a small scratch on the roller inside.  Much cheaper than the Canon version so quality also suffers a bit -- I've had minor issues with almost all of the aftermarket cartridges.
24	kept	There is nothing to write home about this paper. The paper is very thin and the writing shows on the other side of the sheet quite a bit.
54	returned	I bought a new home office chair that turned out to have an uncomfortable seat. I bought this cushion, thinking it would be as comfortable as my memory foam mattress. Not close. Not only was there no noticeable change in comfort, this pad is unusually small--not really standardized for the average work or dining chair. I suppose they have to size it to fit the smallest seat, but it really missed the mark.
486	returned	When I first tried the stapler, I used about 50 magazine pages as a test. The stapler jammed. It continued to jam each time I tried it with anything, even when I was down to two pages. I called ACCO customer support, and after describing the issue they told me to return it or exchange it. I opted to return it. Although it's possible that mine was an exception, the part that the staples come out of was not properly aligned with the recess on the bottom plate, leaving nothing to get the staple to bend on the bottom.A positive point is that it comes with a lifetime guarantee against jamming when used with the correct (included) staples. I can't say how likely it is to jam, but if yours stops working after a while, you always have the option of calling customer service. They answered on the first ring, which is a plus.You might also consider thePaperPro 60-Sheet High-Capacity Stapler (1200), which has a capacity of fewer sheets (60) but works reliably and with very little force. Hopefully, the distribution of reviews will give you an idea of how well it works, under what circumstances it fails, and what remedy people had when it failed after owning it for a long period of time.
279	kept	This cartridge lasted exactly one month for our office.  We print about 100 color pages a day, 5 days a week.  Figure it lasted only 2000 pages or so.  The original toner that came with the printer lasted longer.  Odd.
142	returned	Not really a fan of these pen.  I thought it was the gel model...it turns out that just a basic pen
390	kept	Perhaps I got a dud of a cartridge.  After only 30 sheets (of text) it was printing like it had no ink.  I tried everything and still no luck.  After I replaced the ink it was printing fine.
378	returned	The first thing I did upon receiving this Wilson Jones Premium Binder is insert a few of my favorite and necessary sheet protectors.  I was disappointed that the WJ binder does NOT accommodate them.  The longer aspect of the metal D-ring causes the protectors to stick out of the side of the binder by 1/8 to 1/4 of an inch - not at all good for important documents.Plus, if there are only a few protectors in the binder, they tilt out the bottom if you hold the binder upright (as you would need to when placing the binder on a bookshelf or other flat surface).  NOT GOOD.In its favor, however, are the facts that this is PVC free, claims not to transfer inks and print from your documents onto the inside surface of the binder, and the corners are rounded off (which may improve shelf wear).But this WJ Binder will never replace my favorite, which isAvery Protect and Store View Binders with 1 Inch EZ-Turn Ring, White (23000).
109	returned	To say this binder is basic is an understatement it is stark white with a matte plastic cover that can allow custom inserts (project titles, etc.). The outer plastic is very, very thin and cheap and only one piece covers the entire binder, with no reinforcements at the seams. Honestly, I can't say it lasting very long and inserting an 8x10 title page on the front cover it moves around a lot, with a very loose fit, making that feature fairly useless. Even less helpful are the cheap interior plastic pockets, one of which was ripped off even before I got it.This is a dirt cheap binder, and it looks and feels it. For a few cents more there are better, longer-lasting options out there.
394	returned	I bought and tested this using my Logitech M325 optical mouse. I use my mouse for regular things and I am not a graphic designer or someone who needs ultra fine pixel movements.That said, I lasted 15 minutes on this mousepad, then swapped back to my old felt/cloth surface one. Even after adjusting all the sensitivity settings in the control panel, it just tracks very tightly to every slight movement you make with the mouse and hence results in choppy unfluid movements. I think if I were determined to use for a week, I could probably learn to compensate for the added sensitivity but then I'd never be able to go back to using a regular mousepad.I'm sure that this mousepad makes sense for some users, either using it for industrial or creative work, but I don't recommend it for normal everyday laptop or PC use.
155	returned	Really disappointed at this refill. I mean, I don't think this is the real Parker. The print on the metal surface of the refill is kind of unclear and oily. Seems like a cheap fake one. I tried both the refills in the package, and after a few pages writing, and by page I mean, just small memo pads, it stopped working. There is no sufficient ink coming out, I get very weak blue and white lines on paper, just as if you have already used it up! Both refills in the box works like that. Couldn't believe it. Just throw them away.
226	returned	running ink-can't control running into surrounding space
121	kept	I realized that if you just wiggle the tape, and peel off the plastic, then insert whatever you have, then cover back the plastic, then press hard, its just the same as pulling it thru the 'machine'.
102	returned	This is an excellent cordless hands-free phone as long as you do not have any other wireless devices at home. I have been using this phone for several months now and I have a wireless G network at home. This phone completely shuts down my entire wireless network. I have tried everything from changing the channel on the wireless network to changing the channel on the phone but the problem is resolved only temporarily. It somehow changes its own channel to the same one that my wireless network is running resulting is total disruption of all computers and laptops. Not only does it interfere with my wireless network, it is also affected by microwave oven. If you are talking in the kitchen and using microwave at the same time, this phone will pick up the waves from your microwave creating so much noise that you can barely talk. I have used other cordless phones before and none of them created this kind of wireless hell that this device does. After using it for several months, the disadvantages outweigh its advantages and I am looking for a substitute.
334	kept	Mead is supposed to be a premium office supplies brand so I was rather surprised when I put these index cards to the test. They are not as thick as they used to be, but the problems do not end there. I picked up a handful of different pens, these Mead cards along with the ones from Wexford and Schoolio and wrote the same words with the same pens on all three of them. For most pens (ink, felt tip, gel, inkjoy) it was similar, however, with Sharpies (standard size and bigger), the Mead was a disappointment. The ink is bleeding through on the other side, so if you are going to use Sharpies, these have to be one sided index cards or when you write, make sure the two sides don't overlap. The Wexford was worse at this than the Mead, however, the Schoolio bested Mead. Even though the Schoolio index card doesn't have as much paper and it is even more flexible than the Mead.The Schoolio and Wexford have an extra line. The line spacing is the same size (when you align them from the bottom row), but the Mead uses a longer title line, which eats up an extra line. The Mead is physically slightly larger than the Schoolio, by about 0.1cm in width and length.If you are writing with pens (but not Sharpies or similar), you can fill up both sides and they are readable, as long as you don't put the index cards between yourself and a light source.Tip: if you are a year long index card user, the best time to buy and stock up is the back to school sales season (Independence Day to Labor Day). A lot of stores have index card sales and doorbusters during this period. Unless you are getting premium index cards, paying more than $1 per 100pk after the back to school sales end is overkill.
297	kept	I was interested in this scanner purely because it's a cheap tabloid scanner. It is indeed a very cheap construction, but I did know it from the price, and the build quality may be ok for the price range.The problem is that the Mac OS driver works only with Photoshop and NOT ANY OTHER program I tried, including standard Image Capture and TWAIN applications. What's worse, this scanner does not work with VueScan on Mac OS X and its developer Ed Hamrick confirmed this. I've also tried this scanner and a range of softwares on Leopard and Snow Leopard with no luck except for recent versions of Photoshop.Using Photoshop, this scanner gives very slow scans and very lousy image quality. Documents and line drawings in color will show fuzzy rainbow edges. The image quality may be acceptable for low quality document uses, but the scanner is way too slow for that application.In short, it is nice to have an option for tabloid scanner in this price range, but the usability of this product is quite limited. I think occasional, low volume, low quality demand users may be happy with it, as long as they are willing to use Windows platform or Photoshop just for scanning.
470	returned	Pros:* Easy installation and setup* Slim design and modern look* Small footprintCons:* Speakerphone is horrible for both ends. The sound cuts out frequently.* The interface is not intuitive.  (E.g. the base does not include a speakerphone so calls cannot be picked up from the base.)
358	kept	First phone developed multiple problems in less that 15 days.  Construction seems flimsy, two number buttons started sticking within 5 days.  Weight is not enough to keep phone in place when handset cord is stretched near to 2/3's length.Volume through Plantronics headset purchased with the phone is very low.  Don't know if it's the phone or the headset.  Speaker phone and handset volume seem adequate.Would not buy this combination again.
116	kept	I really liked this printer while it worked, and the document feeder was really handy. I would never use anything but a flatbed scanner because it is so versatile. I bought the HP back in April 2004, and I was shocked to see that I replaced with with a Canon PIXMA iP3000 in October 2004. I still have the Canon and it is still working! The HP just stopped printing and for the price vs. the cost of fixing it, it made no sense to fix it at the time. I'll stick to Canon.
266	kept	While these handing folders are a really good idea, they are a bit too stiff and don't seem to hang well in any file cabinet or holder in which I tried them. They were always too bulky and didn't fit on the rods well. If someone were going to use these with a really deep cabinet that had a lot of bottom clearance, they would probably work out fine. However, for the average letter size file cabinet or travel file carrier, these are a bit more pain then they are worth. I would probably stick with traditionally sized file folders. Again, the 2 inch expansion would be great, but the expansion seemed to elongate the file folder to be too tall to fit comfortable and securely in place. Will definitely pass on these in the future.
356	kept	The Photosmart Pro B8850 is a professional-grade printer from HP designed as a cheaper version of theHP Photosmart Pro B9180 Printer.  It produces very high quality prints up to 13" x 19" using pigment ink printing, which results in much higher quality images than traditional ink jet or laser.  If you have never heard of pigment ink, you probably do not need this printer.  At roughly $6 a print, the B8850 isn't designed for printing mapquest directions, but exhibition prints or those suitable for framing.The first thing I noticed about this printer is that it is BIG.  It weighs around 40 pounds and takes up a large footprint on your desktop, so make sure you have the room for it. Secondly, it is a very complete package. The printer looks great, and it comes with all the ink to get started (8 different inks), plus  25 sheets of HP Photo Paper, and a folder to store your paper in so it doesn't get damaged (at almost $2 a sheet you will be thankful for it).  Setup was very easy and took around 45 minutes to setup the printer and calibrate the ink cartridges.  Unlike most HP software that I am familiar with for their printers and scanners, the software that comes with this printer is not too bad.  It is not as bloated as their other software and most of the applications are fairly useful.As to the quality of the prints, I couldn't be happier. The inks HP uses are very good quality.  They blend well, and after doing some research, I discovered that they are not likely to fade over time.  Of course this is useful for digital artists who plan to keep their pictures displayed for years.  My wife does most of her photography of wedding engagements, so this is very important to her. HP claims their inks to last around 200 years, so I will update this review in 2208 with those results. As far as the ink usage goes, it seems to be fairly acceptable based on other printers I've used of this type.  I mainly print full 13x9 sheets and I'm at roughly 40% ink left on the colors after 25 prints.  The calibration tests also used up some of the inks, so take that into consideration.  If you are printing letter, you will use considerably less.  Ink cartridges run around $25 per cartridge, or a little over $230 for a full set.HP B8850 vsHP Photosmart Pro B9180 Printer:B8850 can print up to .7mm thick while the B9180 can print up to 1.5mmB8850 has no LCD Panel and uses status lights instead.  I've seen the LCD on the B9180 and, while useful, there's really nothing on there that I need too badly.  It is useful having a text message explain something to me rather than having to look up the status light legend in the manual, but after a few days I had all of the lights memorized so it is really not a big deal.Sleep mode added.  This is one of the real advantages of this model.  If you don't use your printer everyday and sometimes go weeks without using it, this prevents the inks from drying out and conserves the print heads.These three changes are the only real differences I could find.  Currently, there is only a $50 difference in price between the two printers.  If you need the benefit of printing card stock, I think you should go for the B9180, but in every other application I would say it is not worth it and this printer is a better option.Update August 2008 - Two months later, I still love this printer and have had to replace the inks twice.  Although it was very expensive to replace all of the cartridges, we have actually begun selling our prints, which more than make up for the price of the ink. We have started selling our prints in a local restaurant and it is amazing how good these look. Previously, we were using a third party to print our images.  If we had actually purchased this printer, I estimate we would have broken even on the price in a few weeks.Update April 2012 - I stopped using this printer a couple years ago after continual paper jams to the point where it would shred the paper, and I would spend the next twenty minutes picking out scraps of paper from it.  That, combined with the cost of the inkheads now discourages me from recommending this printer to anyone.  I have since replaced it with theCanon PIXMA Pro9000 Mark II Inkjet Photo Printer (3295B002)which I am much more satisfied with, especially due to the size comparison.
80	kept	runny; can't control ink spreading into surrounding spaces, would return if I had the packaging
124	returned	I previously reviewed this item and gave it two stars because of some of its great features. However, as I mentioned before, I have a small house (about 1400 sq. ft.) and the phone didn't work in much of it. People always complained that I was cutting in and out and they usually thought I was on a cell phone. It was worse than my prior, less powerful phone, which cut out only about half as much.Now, after seven months of moderate use, the phone has died. No sound goes in either direction. It's beyond the 30-day period during which Amazon will accept a return, and I am still waiting to hear from Uniden to see whether they will replace the phone.I now can't say whether the phone's problems all along were because it was a defective unit, or whether this is just a crummy phone, but I can say for certain that it doesn't merit the rave reviews given here, and so far, customer service from Uniden is non-existent. I will update this again if they replace the phone and it works better, but I must say, I have seldom been as unimpressed with an electronic product. Nifty features don't really matter if the basic functions don't work. Amazon's editing process doesn't let you change the number of stars on a given review, but I'd take away the stars and give this product nothing.  This one is a loser.
99	returned	Be aware, that thing doesn't have self adhesive. it is a bad thing to have to use your lips or tongue to sealed it! and it is a bad too to use external source of adhesive tap each time u use it. avoid and seek the ones with self adhesive
323	returned	These envelopes were supposed to show a red warning if they had been opened.  I tried several methods of opening including steam and never saw a red message.  Other than that, the real value of these envelopes is the strength of the glue placed on the flap.  It makes it impossible to open the envelope without significantly damaging it.  So, the red warning is really an unecessary gimmick.  They are also printed in blue on the inside which makes it virtually impossible to read any of the information inside through the envelope.  Lasltly, they are very expensive at over $5.00 for forty envelopes.  You can get cardboard mailers with even stronger glue for not much more than that price, though the postage might cost you more.  If you rarely have something that requires special security I would keep a few cardboard mailers around the house or send it by UPS or FedEx and get tracking number and a receipt.  Use of the above envelopes will not ever guarantee that it gets there or somebody saying I opened it by mistake.  If you send a lot of mail where it is important that nobody reads it but the addressee, then you are probably in a business that can get a better volume price on the above envelopes or something similar.  In any case, I would bet that the price of these envelopes will come down because of limited demand.
84	kept	The following 4-star paragraph, written in January 2012,  has been edited into past tense to reflect both this product's potential and its incredibly short lifespan:This little bitty stapler had a lot going for it: Came with its own little box of 1,000 green-colored staples that fit all standard-size staplers.  Came in two very loud colors so that,  tiny though it was, it would have been easy to find on even the messiest desk. Plus which, it came with a key chain attached.  And attached to the key chain was a belt hook, which I hooked onto my pencil jar, making it easy to find amid clutter.  I'd have much preferred to choose my own color combination from Swingline's pretty good selection; would have gladly paid a buck or two more if given that option, especially since the one they sent me is yellow & orange, which would have been my absolute last choice had I had one. Also, it arrived from the Amazon outside seller just a couple of days after I ordered it.UPDATE 3/2/12:  Quit working after 30 days. Spent two days trying to get it to release a staple. Couldn't do it. So came back here and deducted two of its original four stars. And then discovered I was not alone in all this. Ah, well. You get what you pay for, I guess. And mostly what I got was about 950 green staples that can be used in my not-cute-but-nonetheless-functional stapler.
29	kept	This product weighs a ton, or at least way more than a document holder made for sheets of paper.  Also, unless your monitor is well above the desk, anything you put in this will block the screen, plus you need room front to back room between your keyboard and monitor.  Buy this only if you have the space and need the holder for heavy items.  For papers (e.g., contracts, homework) use a document holder that is longer top to bottom (or tape the pages one at a time to a top corner of your monitor).
131	kept	I write with my left hand, but straight on the page like a right-hander, not "over-hand."  Most fountain pens work fine for me.  However, this one is a real problem, because the nib is set in a straight line with the clip.  I can't grip the pen properly and it's awkward and immediately tiring to my hand.  I'm really sad about this, because I just love the idea of it, and other Pilot pens are terrific.As a leftie, I knew I was taking a chance with the pen.  I'm going to mark this with 2-stars to get attention for left-handers, but please do not take that to mean the product is less than extraordinary and best-in-class.  It is.  Mine is blue with gold accents and it is beautiful.  The nib retraction is amazing.I will offer this pen to a couple of artistic family members who I'm sure will give it a good and loving home. :)
262	kept	Out of the bag, I tried the dry sponge on my white board which had residual ghost marks from previous usage. The dry sponge removed some of the marks, but not all. I dipped the sponge in water, squeezed most of it out and once applied found it did a great job of smearing dirty marker water around on the board. I checked the package to see if I was using it correctly - if maybe I was supposed to flip it over to use the blue side in any way - but the package only states the blue side to be used for easy gripping...There were a few stubborn marks on the board that no amount of cleaning with the dry or wet white side would remove. I tried the blue side which seems to be more abrasive and it did clean them off without much effort- it did a good job of cleaning up the wet mess that the white side left behind.I find it odd that a pair of sponges would be so pricey and require somewhat a better explanation on how to use them. I would not likely purchase these in the future.
234	returned	I didn't use my Epson printer much. So once the cartridges were opened and inserted into the printer, the ink dried up before I'd printed many pages. I decided to get rid of that printer.
74	returned	The 1" wide scotch magic tape I wanted has a 3" diameter core. This dispenser is for tape with a 1" diameter core. I had to buy a more expensive 3" diameter office dispenser (which I really like)
259	returned	I bought this item based on favorable reviews, but unfortunately am returning it.  I'm in a one bedroom apartment, and find that its range is severely limited.  It only operates well on line of sight with the base unit.
222	returned	I have an HP 48GX that has been kicking for more than twenty years and an HP 11 that is more than 25 years old and still flawless. I have had this 12C for about 18 months and the number 5 key is already giving me trouble (have to press hard for it to register). No drops, no abuse. The overall feel of this new HP is cheaper plastic. The keys feel hollow and light. The available functions are great. This is a classic calculator. But the functions are no good if the keys stop working...
2	returned	Parents: If you're going to buy your child a graphing calculator for school, DON'T insult his/her intelligence with this limited function calculator. Go with a TI-86 or TI-89 as it will serve him/her well through into college. What this means is you save money by purchasing one calculator that will be useful for SATs, GREs, AP tests, high school, algebra, calculus 1-3, college, etc...If you buy a TI-83, you will have to get a TI-86 or TI-89 in the future because a TI-83 is an OVERGLORIFIED TI-82, which is really good for pre-algebra and algebra.GRANTED you can use a TI-83 for Calculus and more advanced math, but it's a good idea to allow your child to grow intellectually by learning how to use a much more advanced calculator for Calc II and III. I had no problems using a TI-86 for Calc 2 and 3, but the TI-89 definitely helped me understand theorems that were in 3 dimensions.For those who are looking for a calculator to use at work:The TI-83 is a piece of junk. It's for kiddies in 6th grade.The TI-86 is a better engineering calc than the TI-89 due to its more intuitive menu interface for units conversions and what not.The TI-89 is better suited for theoretical math work because of its "pretty print" and units system. Plus with the right software mods, you can do differentiation/integration with the variables intact - just a time saver really.However I realize you're just trying to find info on the TI-83. My overall recommendation for the TI-83 is: don't bother. It's a solid calculator but pay a bit more and get at least a TI-86. It will serve you WELL into frosh or sophomore year of college (Calculus I-III). A TI-83 will have served its absolute purpose by the start of your senior year in high school.It's like bringing a 9mm pistol in an African Safari. It will handle meerkats and other small creatures but once you get to the larger predators - it will not work very well. The TI-86 and TI-89 is comparable to a .50AE and .50 Magnum. It can tackle small stuff but will hold its own when the big beasts come around.
144	returned	Likes:>Good, strong,"Extra Heavy Duty motor" makes sharpening pencils a breeze.>Designed for "Daily Continuous Usage".>Intended for "Office Use".>"Pencilsaver" prevents over-sharpening and waste.>Auto-reset to prevent motor burnout.>Relatively quiet.Dislikes:>VERY small/volume-challenged shavings receptacle/tray.>Only one standard sized opening for #2 pencils.>Shavings tray is part of the front cover; the weak plastic may not withstand repeated removal/reinstallation.>$50.29 for this?>Long term durability?Bottom Line:Lots of promises but failed to deliver on some crucial points:  A high usage, heavy duty office pencil sharpener should have a much bigger shavings tray.  Repeated emptying of the puny shavings tray may weaken/damage the weak plastic and attachment points.  It doesn't require a rocket scientist to design an effective pencil sharpener; just good common sense!
81	returned	I have a Swingline Standard Stapler and have had it in my office for a number of years. It was cheap and looked nice but hasn't worked nearly as well as the older, cruder model it replaced. Although looking rather attractive it is nowhere nearly as sturdy as my previous stapler. It jams off and on and sometimes gets the staple stuck to where it requires a pliers to remove it. It works fairly well with up to six pages, but beyond that it struggles. I would not regard it as a quality office instrument. There are better staplers available, although they might cost more.Gary Peterson
113	returned	In spite of this reliable printer's great reputation, it creates steam during the printing process. This is a real deal-killer. No matter how consistent its performance, there is no way I can recommend a printer that steams as it sucks moisture of out printer paper. It turns out this is a common complaint from owners of the LaserJet 1012. Be warned.
36	returned	I am not impressed.  Sure, if you manage to get it just right, your tabs will look gorgeous.  But it is SO difficult to get right!  I wouldn't recommend these tabs...old school dividers with tabs that you can either write on or print out label for are MUCH easier and more practical for most uses.
301	returned	I read many of the countless reviews across the internet on this item.  Most loved it.  I was aware that a small but consistent minority mentioned this thing is not gel at all and is about as hard as wood.  Well, they were correct.The good - Not much good about it, except the shape and width are great for my mouse/mouse pad set up.  The curved part fits into the small curve of my mouse pad and the angles are good for my desk.  It also stays put - no sliding around.  That's where the good ends though sadly...The bad - This thing is as hard as a piece of wood.  I have another gel wrist rest for my keyboard - it's squishy and conforms to my hands while also providing enough stability too.  This thing provides no conformity to my hand nor is it 'gel like' at all.  Also, as others have pointed out, the covering is a sweat factory and living in the desert, that stinks.  I haven't had my hand stick to it so badly that it lifted it up unlike other reviewers, but I could see it happening.  This thing doesn't make my wrist feel any better and I can see pain if I used it long term.  Thankfully, I have a different brand already on order so this thing won't be in my life much longer.
370	kept	This wrist pad's profile is MUCH too high. I kept it because it is comfortable, but they need to reduce the height. Also, they have "anti-slip" material on the bottom which works very well. But it attracts all the dust and debris and has to be wiped off daily.
316	kept	Just like this product's matching keyboard wrist rest (3M(TM) Wrist Rest for Keyboard, Antimicrobial, Gel, Large Size, Black), I found the wrist rest on this mouse mad way too hard.While both products appear to be well made, the padding on them are just not soft enough for me.  I am on the computer for 8-9 hours a day and my wrists and fingers were in a lot of pain since switching over to these products.I do like the gliding surface on this pad though.  My mouse glides smoothly and response is great.  But both sides of the pad have been curled up slightly since I received the product several weeks ago and has yet to flatten out completely.I went back to using myBelkin F8E262-BLK WaveRest Gel Mouse Pad (Black)instead.  It is much softer, even though I don't like the actual mouse pad surface as much as the one on this product.
494	kept	Don't get me wrong, its a nice pen. But the refills cost more than the disposable pen with the same refill. So much for reducing waste.
495	returned	Well, once again I find myself asking the eternal question: "Why can't anyone make a pencil sharpener that lasts?!"I really liked this at first -- the sharpener takes in the pencil, sharpens it automatically, then ejects it when it is finished.  It seemed to do a pretty decent job of that...until it didn't.  A part of a pencil broke off inside of the sharpener, it wouldn't eject it, and then...kaput.To sum up:PROS:- Nice auto-sharpening -- this makes sharpening "hands free"- It doesn't over-sharpen -- pencils are sharp, but not so sharp that they break the tip off the second you begin to write- Has a metal sensor so a kid can't jam the eraser end in firstCONS:- Broke after 2 weeks of moderate use -- by ONE ADULT (me)!- Auto feature sometimes goes crazy & eats up almost the whole pencil- "Reverse" button (which you need if it goes crazy and won't stop eating up the whole pencil) is ridiculously located UNDER, BEHIND the sharpener, by where the electric cord enters the sharpener (??) Dumb location.  You'd never find it in a hurry.- Part of a pencil broke off inside -- and to my disbelief, there is NO WAY TO TAKE THE SHARPENER APART to go in and retrieve the broken piece!  I couldn't believe it...it just killed the sharpener.  Everything I tried failed, and ultimately, the sharpener went into a mode where it stayed in reverse forever, unless it was unplugged.  It just ran without stopping...the motor began to get hot and smell -- this could really have turned into a fire hazard if it overheated.So all in all, while I liked it at first, COME ON, breaks after just TWO WEEKS?!  And you cannot take it apart to retrieve a broken-off piece of wood??  Lame.  Waste of money.  Look for a sharpener that mentions that it can be cleaned or have its blades sharpened, because that means you will be able to retrieve anything that breaks off inside of it.Note:  I am a teacher, and I would NOT recommend this for kids.  They'd be pulling the pencils out when you're not supposed to, etc.  And the fact that the sharpener can get something stuck in it and run, run, run forever is just plain dangerous!
101	kept	It's a rubber band ball, full of rubber bands... What could possibly go wrong? Off the cuff, I'd say somewhere between 10-20% of them snapped (broke) the first time being stretched (which hurts, but most importantly is tremendously irritating, especially when you're in the middle of a rubber band war, thus giving your enemy the upper hand). It's a fun looking piece of sculpture on your desk, fun to toss around. Just don't try to use the rubber bands.
482	kept	These labels do exactly what they say: you can reposition them even after you have applied them to paper or envelopes.Great idea if you mess up a lot centering them on envelopes.For most people this is not really necessary as the first time they put it on is okay. Maybe for kids or for professionals who want to get the labels just right for clients it would be a good idea.The labels also don't stick well initially and can curl up off the paper if you apply them to paper like cardstock or anything with a smooth shiny surface. You then must hold it down or really rub the label to make it stick. It gets old if you need to stick a lot of these labels to something.
483	kept	All the features are there ... but there are some annoying shortcomings with this unit. 1) The base set is so lightweight, it slides all over, and there's no foam or rubber base to grip, 2) along those lines, the coiled cord from the base to the base handset is about 4 inches long. An exaggeration sure, but it's way too short - turn your head and the base goes flying.  I had to buy a new longer one. 3) The Phonebook feature does not update both ways between cordless handsets and base ... by that I mean you can add contacts book from cordless sets and they can update the base, but if you add at the base, they don't show on the handsets. Plus, lower case letters in phonebook entries are seen as different words (oh brother!)  Oh, this is picky, but I don't like the orange-ish color display.  I knew that's what I was getting, but I'd prefer a green or blue. 4) As another reviewer noted, the volume on the speaker phone doesn't go very high, so it's basically useless as a "speaker phone".Everything works, there's not a single thing wrong, but there are some annoying drawbacks.Panasonic Dect 6.0 Metallic Gray Cordless/Corded Phone with Answering Machine (KX-TG1062M)
125	kept	This review is being written after two years of use in a busy restaurant and bar, so I've really put this system to the test.  Though it has admirable voice quality, this system has so many quirks that it just shouldn't be considered as a primary business phone system.  First and foremost, when you are on one of the lines speaking to a customer, and a call rings on the other line, the line you are speaking on gets constantly interrupted with momentary silencing of your voice so that the person on the other end of the line hears your voice dropping out every few seconds while the other line is ringing!!!  This is an absolutely unforgivable flaw!Uniden tech support told me that there is no way to disable this quirk either.  You just have to live with it.  For shame!Also, once every few days, the phone system decides to reset itself without warning.  So, the phone rings, you answer and it disconnects the person calling while you are greeted with the "Welcome" screen as the system resets itself.  After about a minute or so, you're able to receive calls again.  As an added bonus, it occasionally screeches super loud feedback into your ear instead of connecting you to the call you are answering.  Seriously, it hurts your eardrums something awful.The signal is VERY fussy too.  It doesn't like working when near metal objects like restaurant refrigerators and other large appliances, nor does it work very well if any masonry walls are between you and the base.Terrible phone system.  I have a one line and two line phone system from Uniden and wouldn't recommend it to anyone.  Stay clear of this poorly designed, clearly inferior product.
346	returned	I got this to save money on phone bills but it's very frustrating to use.Pros:1. Cheap2. Pretty Clear ReceptionCons:1. I don't want that keypad on my computer on all of the time, I try to hide it but every time you make a call it pops up again. I just stick it off to the side so you can only see the edge of it.2. The keypad is bad enough but it is constantly has an advertisement window trying to sell more services, very annoying.3.  I have to set my home phone answering machine on 2 rings so the Magicjack answering service won't pick up my messages, you cant turn their answering service off and you can't even change the amount of rings before it sends it to the magicjack voice mail. Another thing about the answering service it gives a sales pitch to the people before they can leave a message.4.  Customer service are a bunch of idiots. They cannot even answer simple questions and if you have a Mac don't even bother calling them you would get more help asking your dog what to do.5.  Every time I get an incoming call while I'm talking on the phone my line disconnects. That's when I found out the customer service people were a bunch of idiots.6.  When I'm on the computer and a call comes in or my wife uses it the magicjack keypad will pop up onto my screen and interrupt what I'm doing on the computer. Small but annoying.As you can see the Con's outweigh the Pro's by over double. If I had to do it again I wouldn't get it again. I'm thinking of cutting my losses and go with another service since this magicjack has too many shortcomings.
115	kept	I'll be fair.  This printer printed out some of the best photos of my life--pictures when I first was dating my boyfriend, family photos, when my boyfriend proposed to me, our first big trip together, and yes, even my cute little doggie.  But the honeymoon is over.  The printer broke down after a year and a half of use.  The cause?  You got me.  I would've thought it would have lasted at least 2 years--but nope.  Even my old HP is still running.  The upside...I upgraded to the IP6000D.  :)
10	returned	How bad can a mouse pad be?  That's what I thought....First, be aware this is a HARD top mouse pad.  Basically, it is a hard sheet of blue plastic glued onto a 3/32" foam pad.  Not a rubber pad like other mouse pads, but a foamy pad.The plastic top is bigger than the foam pad on all sides, and cuts into my hand which rests on the edge of the pad.The mouse pad isn't quite flat on the table - the plastic top is slightly curled and one edge of the mouse pad sticks up slightly until I push the mouse over it.  It is very distracting.Finally, the surface is just rough enough to make a loud scratchy nose as my optical mouse moves over it.  VERY annoying.This is the WORST mouse pad I've ever used.The only pro is it has a weird new plastic smell that reminds me of grape popsicles, so 2 stars.
39	kept	I guess it does the job, but it sure is messy.  I think I'll just buy the paper that's already treated to run through the machine next time.
164	kept	I was really hoping for some bright, easy to use markers for my son's dry-erase board to prompt his creativity.  The package came with six dry-erase markers, complete with mini-erasers on the tops.My son enjoys using them, but we found the colors are not as vibrant as we would have hoped, and the point of the markers makes the lines pretty thin, so it isn't as easy to draw big and bold.  He's still pretty happy with them overall.  The eraser tops work to a point, although often we get out the big dry erase eraser instead so that it's not so time consuming.  They haven't dried up yet, much to their credit, since getting my son to put the tops back on can be a challenge!These are probably fine for a small board, but wouldn't be as effective for a large dry erase board that needs to be seen at a distance--you'd likely want sharper colors and a thicker point.Happy Drawing! ^_^
174	kept	I did like this pen on and off. It would write really nice at times, than other times it would dry up or be very thick. I am unsure of why I experienced a lot of inconstancy with this pen. When it started flowing wrong I would just grab another pen, but this last time I was in the middle of completing some math when it just went out.Unreliable. I would not purchase again or recommend.
119	returned	We picked up this "HP Everyday Photo Paper" to print product pictures for my wife's small business on better quality paper than "plain paper". The end results are better than plain paper, but far below most other lower cost photo paper. Here are my observations:Pros -+ Inexpensive; for photo paper, this is relatively low pricedCons -- Slow Drying; myBrother MFC-6490CW Professional Series Color Inkjet Wireless All-in-One Printerhas fairly quick drying ink on most papers, but was really surprised that my prints smudged even after sitting for more than five minutes- Marginal Image Quality; no amount of tweaking I could do produced "outstanding" resultsWe will use the rest of this paper, but will not buy it again.CFH
157	returned	Dry out too quickly.
111	kept	Looks great with the storage zipper pocket and all but fell apart after very minimal use. I'd steer clear of this brand, based on this experience.
104	returned	I was happy to find a phone with a mute button after my GE crapped out. This was a great phone for 2 to 3 weeks until the cord that attached the headphones starting to make a crackling noise. Also, the WiFi network card I used interferred with the phone everytime, rendering it useless while using my laptop.I so badly wanted this phone to work and work well. All other aspects were superb: large reception area, too many Caller Id stored numbers to count, great features and compact, PLUS a mute button for when one must do laundry on long conference calls from home.This phone is wonderful in theory, not so hot on actual function.
353	kept	As a dry erase board this works well. It's just big enough to be noticeable and small enough not to be annoying. I got it to replace a similar board that recently met with an unfortunate accident. My old board was a different brand, (I can't remember what one) that had similar magnets that you attach with the included double sided sticky pads, but my old one stayed on the fridge and didn't move, this one slides right off. If you can, you're better off just sticking in place with the sticky tape. I may be able to salvage the magnets from old board,.I'm going to try that and see how long it lasts but's it's kind of a disappointment since I know with proper magnets it would work like it should.
189	kept	it works of course, but the price is a ripoff and it doesn't last long at all.
240	returned	After using laminating pouches for years, I wouldn't consider myself an expert on the item, but I am expert on what suits my needs and what is acceptable to me. These pouches did not work as well as expected, in fact they were a huge disappointment. Plagued with air bubbles and "foggy" patches, the finished projects were not usable (and definitely not sellable, for those who use their laminaters for craft projects). I generally use Scotch and Universal pouches and these Fellowes pouches were far inferior, actually ruining some of the laminated photos and pages. I would never purchase this item after seeing such poor results.
57	returned	It's easy to fall in love with the Pilot V5 if you have never used a fluid rollerball before.  The ink flows out so readily, and it maintains a steady output until it dies.  But those two features are true of almost any fluid rollerball (fluid rollerballs having a free-flowing ink tank, not a marker-style sponge pressed against the back side of the ball).Aside from having chosen to make a pen in that category, Pilot isn't offering anything special here.  The ball tip is among the crudest on the market, and no description of its construction could include the words "quality" or "precision".  Much like the BIC Triumph, the V5 ensures ink flow through its poorly-manufactured tip by using a very loose, rattling ball.  It isn't just noisy, it has an inconsistent feel against the paper.If you like rollerball pens, and particularly if you like the V5, try a Uni-Ball Vision instead (a series with several models).  Uni-Ball's Vision series uses a fluid ink system much like the V5, but produces free-flowing ink by using a ball tip which is manufactured accurately.  It feels smoother, makes much less noise, and has a more stable tip which is less prone to wiggling and bending.
59	kept	Just not a fan of big, oversized, wide-body pens. If you have hands like frying pans, then this may be your pen. On the plus side, I do like the rubber grip, and the fact that the pen takes the G2 Ultra-Fine gel refill. The click action is very smooth and solid.
407	returned	First of all, when I was using this laminator for the first time, I was looking for the instructions/directions, and thought they were missing. This is my biggest complaint:  I don't know how to use this product properly due to the lack of instructions.  Do I use cold or hot seal? Is it better to use one or the other for different kinds of paper? Why is there even a choice for hot or cold?  No information on this whatsoever.The first item I attempted to laminate was a ticket stub, which I wanted to use as a bookmark. I tried the hot setting first, and results were not exemplary.  Did not laminate nice and flat, as I would have liked.  Cold results aren't much better, so my advice?  Buy a different brand.  Unless you are a professional laminator and know the "ins and outs" and finer points of laminating, this machine is not for you.
110	returned	Look, this is NOT a &#34;cork&#34; board, because as far as I can determine, there is no real cork anywhere on the product. And the &#34;graphite&#34; frame also implies a quality that is nonexistent. The frame appears to be simple plastic, colored dark grey/black.The four brackets you are supposed to use to attach it to your wall, are extreme overkill and also are very difficult to attach and align.  This product is very light weight, and does not need such a complicated hanging system...Other reviewers have also had various issues with this bulletin board, including how soon the &#34;cork&#34; surface peels, etc.Basically the price is way too high and the quality too low, and the assembly brackets are far too complicated and unnecessary.Furthermore, the  artificial  &#34;cork&#34; surface and color are very unattractive and cheap looking.
270	returned	States 100% metal front and back... this is not true.The front is in fact 100% PLASTIC, only the back is metal.
70	kept	Quality is not too great. Not that sturdy and stong. It feels kind of like regular paper. However, it still gets the job done.
38	kept	I gave it 2 stars because it does not have a warning label.I had purchased this at another store and when I first used it I cut too much off the nozzle and spilled some on a trash bag. My cat started licking at it and had to take her to the vet because the bottle does not have any warning stickers. It turns out that the product is mostly vegetable oil and the worse that I would have to watch for is diarrhea in my cat.The product works really well but it is a danger to pets because of the oil's sweet scent. I'm only buying it again because it works great, is the same price as they other store, and because I now have my shredder protected from my cat. I strongly advise anyone who uses this product to keep their shredder covered if they have pets or something that may be attracted to the oil. Especially if it has an automatic turn on to protect your pet if they put their tongue in your shredder.Update** I was really upset when I tried writing this review. A better explanation is in my response to a user's comment.
320	returned	These "reveal-n-seal" envelopes are convenient, but not especially secure.  In fact, they may be less secure than common envelopes.Good self-sealing no-lick envelopes use a special adhesive on each of the two parts to be sealed together, with that adhesive substance (actually a "cohesive" substance to be scientifically accurate) only sticking to its counterpart on the other side, but not sticking to bare paper or fingers.  I have seen samples of such things and they work extremely well, but they were kind of expensive.The "Quality Park" version is just bare paper on the flap, and gummy stuff on the bottom.  It is not any more sticky than any other stick-on formula, and I am able to carefully pull it apart again.  It does separate perfectly, but with care I am able to re-open the envelope and re-seal it so that it is not noticeable.There are several little cuts in the flap of the envelope which make it difficult to pull apart without ripping (the same strategy as price stickers), but it only requires a little care to avoid that.  Rather than being an added security feature, those cuts only partly make up for the non-permanent sticking.The security print is also not the best.  Semi-random swirly patterns work best to obscure text viewing through envelopes, but Quality Park uses a grid-like pattern of dots, which is actually easy to ignore in order to view envelope contents.They work well enough to use for most purposes, and won't come apart by accident or even rough mail handling.  They also are more convenient than licking envelopes, so they are handy if you find yourself stuck with a sudden need to mail a bunch of stuff and don't already have a professional service in place.  But the product description emphasizes security, and in that regard these are not very good.
98	kept	In 6 months and less than 6,000 copies have had to have unit replaced by HP (with refurbished units) twice.  Frequent print head failure which is expensive to replace.  Ink very expensive and goes quickly.  Officejet is supplied with base level Iris software so it cannot print multiple copies of documents with a table or an embedded image. Can only print one page at a time.Scanning is excellent both in speed and quality.  Copy quality is outstanding and speed is very good.  For straight color printing cost per page is much lower for color laserjets from HP or Minolta.
107	returned	These are flimsy and poorly constructed. Spend a couple dollars more and get better quality. The rings in the binder don't close, so loose leaf paper takes on a whole different meaning. If you plan on carrying these in a backpack, forget it, you may as well use paper folders.
437	kept	I have had this printer for 2 years and I think it is very unpredictable. When it works, it works great, and gives me prints with nice colors, moderate speed. We have macs all over the house and print remotely so I cannot comment on noise. It always acts up when you really can't afford it. In this day and age, you want a "smart" gadget. One that tells you clearly what the problem is, anticipates it before it happens, and explains what the deal is quickly. This printer does not communicate. "Connection error", ink out, paper jam, paused for some random reason... You will only know when you have waited and waited, or logged out of your computer, walked up to the printer to find that only half of the document was printed, or that it was not printed at all. It just bugs me. Plus some of the inks in it, are not widely available, and you can only get them online. They run out at various times, and you just cannot count on it, even if you stock your storage. Gosh, I hate this printer.
156	kept	Well I like all parker pens and the gel is the best but on this order all but one refill have the little wax tip off this made the ink dry out so 5 of the 6 I ordered where no good shame others i had gotten have been ok this was the first with them dried out this bad. I am glad I still had one left from other order not sure but i think I will go to office store for my next ones.
455	returned	I have several Epson printers and this one is the worse. When this printer works it is great! However, the key word here is WHEN! The print heads always clog! If you do not use this printer everyday, you can forget about it. It is a long process to get everything cleaned out...which means you are using a ton of ink with no guarantees it is going to work. As of right now, I have spent over 2 hours trying to get the cyan to work. I have done everything in my power...I really am starting to hate this printer!
30	returned	A document holder that's this wide (wider than a keyboard, but not so wide I can slide mine under it when not in use) might be expect to hold, say, a dictionary or a heavy cookbook.  I wouldn't trust this one with a paperback.  The vise grips on either leg do not hold the stand firmly no matter how much I tighten them.  And the legs wobble.  Adjusting the position is difficult and not in synch with both sides.  The stretchy band stretches too much to hold some types of books' pages flat.  All in all, the design is just crappy.It looks nice and the individual pieces are solidly crafted.  (The heavy, wobbly legs have so far failed to snap the plastic rails off the sides, as physics might predict.)  There are apparently mounts for this that you can buy separately that screw into a surface.  This might alleviate the wobble factor, although I hope those mounts use grips that actually keep the plastic from sliding down.Bottom line: A quick search on Amazon reveals a number of other document holders.  Unless you like frustration, this is probably not the one you want.
27	returned	When I got this product I realized it was extremely heavy and complex to put together. Not exactly what I thought I would be getting.  Then unpacking I realized it took up a huge footprint on my limited desk space. This thing is just too big for a regular person's desk and more fitting to be in some kind of industrial fabrication plant. Seriously, the design is old and not very useful. It's also severely overpriced.
13	returned	I use these labels with "Poly Bubble" mailers to ship items. Twice in the last couple of months I've had items returned because the labels came off at some point during shipping. The mailers I'm using are brand new and have a smooth surface; there is no reason an address label shouldn't stick to them. It's possible these labels work better with paper-based envelopes and mailers, but I no longer trust these labels and am in the process of looking for an alternative.
100	kept	I like the concept of a rubber bands in a convenient ball.When I first received them, I was initially pleased.  Purchased in late November, it is now mid February of the following year.As I am getting thru the rubber band ball, I find they snap and break even before surrounding an object.  Considering the price, I cannot justify recommending them.In many cases, they don't seem to stretch much as well.
283	returned	I'm disappointed to give a low rating to these Smead folders, but, bottom line: out of the box, more than half of the folders appeared "used."They're the product I expected:. hanging (with the little metal shoulders);. letter-sized (even slightly roomier);. card-stock (even slightly heavier);. expandable (accordion-style, from approx. 1-inch when empty to 3.5-inches when stuffed);. *pocket* file folders (open only along the top; the sides and bottom are fully enclosed so contents don't slip out).Advantages include a built-in, 1/3-cut, stand-up tab that you can write on (eliminating the need for those frustrating plastic tabs and tiny labels), and a neutral color that's just shy of mint green.But although the product's box arrived taped shut, and all of the folders appeared functionally new, five of the nine had slight bits of dried material or frank areas of wear/scuff. This product is far too expensive for that apparent lack of quality control; it's a dealbreaker for me.
33	kept	I do like the fact that this stand has adjustable angles but am taken aback by the price/design ratio.  The way that the legs attach to the sides of the support makes the stand wobbly if you are putting heavy books on it.  The 3M engineers did not do their usual excellent job with design on this product.The elastic band is basically like a rubberband my daughter uses in her hair, with two plastic attachments to it. For this price a few extras should have been included. I had envisioned my kids using it to hold up textbooks when working on homework and this stand simply cannot handle the weight.Overall, it works ok, but for this price it should be much sturdier and be nearly perfect.
68	kept	The rings crush easily on this.  I bought it because my son needed a two inch three ring binder for sixth grade.  He's not particularly tough on his school supplies, but this survived less than one month.
219	returned	I have a very bad lumbar region plus sciatica. I just cannot know whether this helps per se as opposed to using TENs and opiates. It feels like a lumpy, slim pillow.
415	returned	the purchase price for this tape is outrageuous for what you get.i would only reccomend this for people with arthritis or small kids to make it easier for them to tape items.
67	kept	I usually use the same brand and model, but the yellow highlighter.  I wanted to get this green one so I can differentiate between main ideas/categories and sub-ideas in my textbook, unfortunately, my pen scanner gives me errors with the green highlights.  Doesn't matter if I underline with it, or highlight the line completely with it.  I believe it is too dark of a green which causes these errors.  Thankfully, it only affected 1 chapter in which I tried it with.  I guess I'll have to try a lighter color.
464	kept	I got it based on the reviews on amazon.com. Granted, I got it a couple of years after it first appeared on the market (light-years in today's world, I suppose.) Installation was easy.My problem was two-fold:1. The scan results were lousy: Color negative scans come out uneven in color (I switched the film around to make sure the problem was with the scanner--it was.) Flatbed scans have a nasty purple streak smack down the middle of the glass. Anything wider than 4 inches will get the streak and it takes forever to get rid of it.2. Both of my PCs, Windows XP, crashed shortly after I installed the scanner. Don't know what the source was, but I googled and Epson's driver seems to be connected to quite a few of the crashes. I never did figure out the source of the crashes, so maybe they were co-incidences.In the end, it is downright disappointing. Too bad I didn't test it as soon as I got it (too busy then.)
420	kept	I own 4 staplers which are in use throughout the house. They are all made by Swingline.  This one sports a smaller size than most and average build quality. It is easy to use and works as well with 1 page or 20 pages.  A nice boost in leverage provided by this design and honestly it truly IS easier to use..........That&#8217;s until it JAMS........ Yep, for some reason this unit seems prone to jamming. It works great and all the sudden, &#8220;WHAMMO&#8221; and you are dead in the water. I am thinking perhaps the quality of the staples I am using are not up to snuff. On the other hand, staplers should work, no matter the brand of staples, as long as they are the right size.  That's another point, you MUST get 1/4 inch S.F.4 #35450 staples for this thing to work properly at least according to the instructions printed on the box.After bit of work and a few poked fingers I got the thing un-jammed and THEN I had trouble closing it up.  Too much trouble for me to keep messing with. On the other hand, all 3 of my other Swingline Staplers work perfectly. Go figure.  Sounds like some folks here have had better luck than I have,. With that in mind, your mileage may vary but I can't personally recommend this one.
488	returned	I'll make this brief.  It has some great wireless features, but two things make it completely worthless:1.  The ink runs out faster than you can believe.  I rarely print in color, and the levels are still somehow low, constantly.  HP is continuing their ploy to sell cheap printers and nail you on the back side with the ink.  I think just about everyone is doing this now, so I can't even tell anyone which printer to buy without getting duped.2.  I remember my first few bubble jet printers couldn't feed paper properly, back in 1995-97.  There is no excuse for that now.  It usually says "out of paper", until I go and force the top sheet into the feeder so it can grab it.  Did I mention this printer is fairly new?  I hardly ever print.This is ridiculous.  Don't waste your money on ink.  This is 2010, they should have a printer that can feed paper.
225	returned	These envelopes are not as big inside as they say they are. I had to run my hands I side the sides to loosen them enough to fit.
322	returned	Despite claims to the contrary, these envelopes do not appear to be tamper proof.I test sealed, then opened, one of the envelopes and no indications appeared that the envelope had been opened. The box that these envelopes comes in does not mention tamper-proof features, so perhaps the Amazon item description is incorrect.The glue on these appears strong and the printing on the inside successfully conceals content. I found the paper weight to be on the light side, but was pleased that there were no tear-off strips to reveal the glue. The bottom flap just lifts up to reveal it.If security is a major concern for you, you may want to find envelopes that have more tamper-evident features.
122	kept	This calculator has pretty much everything in the world you would need from a calculator but why oh why did they leave out a fraction and mixed number buttons??  The process to enter fractions is frustrating when you have to do it over and over and even the most basic calculators have these buttons.  Even the simpler TI-34 has these buttons.  It's an omission of such a basic feature like this that looses stars from me.  Otherwise it is a great device I just have no idea why something so basic and common isn't one of the buttons.  If I wasn't required to own it I would return it for a device with the same features but with the fraction buttons.
232	returned	After almost 3 years with my previous favorite, The Epson Stylus Photo RX620(see my Amazon review), it finally took a trip south. I must say the RX620 was the best AIO I had ever had or seen, but it was time to move on. As I wasn't printing too many photos anymore, I decided to downgrade from the RX to the CX model and save a few $$. I loved the look of the CX6000 and the price was good to match. Now I know you usually only get what you pay for, but Epson has never really followed that theory and I have been pleasantly surprised in the past. Well, not this time.  Everything installed wonderfully and I was up and printing within minutes, but herein lies the problem. The prints on plain paper were fine but the photos were banded and sloppy. And just like everyone else said, it appears to eat through, at least, the first set of ink cartridges. I printed 1 8x10 photo on regular paper, 2 pages of text and 2 4x6 prints and the ink went down almost a 1/4. After doing a head cleaning to try and stop the banding, the ink went down past 1/4 and the banding got worse. That was enough for me. It was boxed right back up and exhanged for the Canon MP600 which is the epitome of amazing, and for only $40 more! Again, I do (well...did) LOVE Epson, but it appears their quality control has taken a turn for the worst. I gave it 2 stars due to a quick and painless setup.
239	returned	I am a great fan of Canon products generally, but the the printer that requires this cartridge as a refill, well, it uses up the ink oddly fast.  With my NEC laser printer, one $100 cartridge will last me 3 years.  With this Canon printer, one $20 cartdridge lasts one month most.  Do the math.
342	returned	I have this printer and I also had the 2140 before it. After about 1000 sheets I get a pop up on my computer telling me the toner is bad. I know, starter cartridge, low yield. The problem is, the print quality is fine so I know there is nothing wrong with the toner.Once this cartridge alerts pops up though it will no longer print at all. You will get nothing out of the printer except the alarm. So if you are in the middle of something, be prepared to drop it.Now, replaced the cartridge. About 1500 pages later the same alarm. Print quality is fine but if this printer decides it is time to spend another 40 bucks on a toner cartridge that is that. You cannot use the printer until you replace the cartridge.As I said earlier I had the Brother 2140 which was the prior non wireless version. I never saw an alarm such as this. You may have gotten a low toner alarm but if the print quality was ok you could ignore it and get another 500-1000 sheets no problems.So it appears Brother 'fixed' the ability to actually ignore the alarm as you could with the 2140 by completely disabling the printer in the 2170w model when it decides it is time to pony up some cash.This will be the last Brother product I purchase.
193	returned	This is by far the worst printer I have ever owned. I have had it for barely 2 months and it is no longer working. The scanner stopped functioning after a month. Then the copier went out. And now the printer won't even turn on! You have to have a separate outlet to provide enough power to run t he printer in the first place. Heaven forbid you need to use an extension cord or surge protector bar. If you can't plug it directly into the wall - Forget about it! The paper does not feed properly no matter what. And to top it off...I can't get it fixed. The nearest Canon repair is over 2 hours away and as far as mailing it back and forth to Canon and paying their fees it is cheaper to invest in a new one - I used to love Canon products but after the last two lemons (this one and the MP360) that I got from them - I will be looking elsewhere!I gave it 2 stars in my original review because it did print nicely when it was working. With this edited review it won't let me change the amount of stars I gave it but I give it ZERO.Don't waste your money on this rubbish.
0	kept	I have an HP 48GX that has been kicking for more than twenty years and an HP 11 that is more than 25 years old and still flawless.  I have had this 12C for about 18 months and the number 5 key is already giving me trouble (have to press hard for it to register).  No drops, no abuse.  The overall feel of this new HP is cheaper plastic.  The keys feel hollow and light.  The available functions are great.  This is a classic calculator.  But the functions are no good if the keys stop working...
327	returned	While these are nice quality envelopes, they actually fail for their advertised purpose: Security.CLAIM #1: Security tinted for privacy of contentsWhile there is a blue-tinted square pattern printed on the inside, it's not very effective in obscuring the content of the envelope. As a test, I placed a check inside the envelope, then held it up against a normal 60W light bulb. I could read everything on the check with little effort, including the account number, payee, amount and signature. FAIL!CLAIM #2: Micro-perfs along flap to indicate possible tamperingThere are 4 slits along the edge of the flap, each about 1/2-inch long. When I attempted to open the sealed flap, it did manage to tear along one of the slits. However, once I realized where the perforations were, I was able to open another sealed envelope carefully without tearing the flap.The flap also only seals along the bottom edge. I was able to thread a dental floss through the side openings of the flap and cut cleanly through the seal in only a few seconds, without even paying regard to the perforations. I was able to reseal the flap without any evidence of tampering whatsoever. FAIL!When I initially tested the envelope, the adhesive seemed quite strong. However, additional tests during some hot and humid days revealed it to be not up to par.
400	kept	HP - well I've used their printers for some 20 years now - always good but they get you with the ink - they even admit on their website that they reduced the quantity what ever for???  Well to make even more money.  They are not nice.Updatein going over my Amazon orders I noted that I got this product less than 6 months ago - a very short time considering I do not do that much printing.  HP is a rip off especially as they do not allow remanufactured ink.
129	kept	This item is being heavily discounted at some online retailers, but make sure you read the fine print before buying: Make sure you can return it for a refund, not just an exchange.It's a fine scanner when it operates -- just read the reviews. But I suspect many people are returning it because, on some systems, software and driver conflicts are causing problems.I tried running it from a Toshiba A10 Satellite laptop with Windows XP and Adobe Photoshop 6.01. It scanned beautifully -- once. After that, the system refused to see the scanner when it was connected. I spent several hours on the phone with Canon customer support trying to resolve it. The rep was very helpful and patient, but ultimately the problem could not be resolved.I went even further, did a several clean system installs on my computer and loaded apps one by one, testing the scanner each time. The same thing happened each time -- one good operation of the scanner, and then the system ignored it.I'm disappointed that what promised to be a very good scanner won't operate due to the mysteries of compatibility. But I'm more disappointed that I can only return it for an exchange. I don't need a duplicate of the problems.I also don't need a $130 boat anchor, which is about all the scanner is right now. I'll probably stick it in a closet and try it with a new system one day, if and when I get one.Again, it seems to be a great scanner if it will run on your system. But before you buy make sure you can return it for a refund. That way if it doesn't work for you you won't get burned.EDITED TO ADD: Many months after I first purchased this scanner and wrote this review I downloaded newly updated driver software from the manufacturer. That apparently finally resolved the issues. The scanner has been working fine ever since.
421	returned	... and unnecessarily complicated.Although I'm not a rocket scientist or a brain surgeon, I do consider myself intelligent, and as someone who rides the ADD/OCD train regularly, I tend to pay attention to details a bit more than the average Joe.  If you're more the "this looks like I just put the paper in and slide" type (or even the "I'll read the directions and follow them to the letter type), you should probably skip this paper cutter.In short, I read the directions and tried to cut a piece of cover-sheet weight paper; after 10 minutes with no cutting action going on, I was about to throw this thing against a wall. I forced myself to keep trying, however, and thanks to my curiosity, tenacity and trial-and-error, I finally managed to make a few cuts!Either I got a bum machine or they need to add a step to the setup/instructions; although they mention a strip of cutting surface that should be flipped every now and then, they fail to mention that said piece is covered in plastic, or that this plastic must be removed in order to cut properly - or even cut at all. I spent 10 minutes just trying to get the paper through, which didn't happen because it was catching on the plastic - something I eventually found out by trying to pry apart the cover arm- and something not explained on the instructions.Even after figuring this out I wouldn't recommend this cutter; the extra step of locking and unlocking the "hold down arm" are unnecessary and take just enough time to be obnoxious- especially since they don't always actually hold the paper in place. I also found that small adjustments to the pressure on the rotary blade piece resulted in an edge that wasn't perfectly straight.If you've got small kids at home and tend to keep your cutter out in the open, well, you may want to rethink that, but this might be just what you need. If, however, you don't, I'd definitely go with a classic "arm" model, or perhaps a different/better rotary model instead.UPDATE: Apparently I wasn't the only one with "challenges" re. the lack of direction re. the "cutting mat" and its placement... someone seems to have added an image of the problematic piece - complete with a note on the fact that it may have shifted in transport - to the product photos.
145	kept	It arrived yesterday and so far I love it. To those stating they sharpen 20-30 pencils at a time I'd say, ease off and slow down. Give it a rest.  And the included slip clearly states not for use in sharpening waxy type soft art pencils. The catch tray for the shavings is not huge, so remember to empty it regularly. I do laugh ... they call this Heavy Duty. My old Boston sharpener was also 2.0amps, same as this one, was 1/2 the size, and not labeled heavy duty. Prices have gone up. This one is twice what I paid for the old one, but it's 15 years later, after all. This appears to be high quality and should last for a few years. UPDATE 3/2012: Here it is a year later. It still works fine, but very noisey. Did try some machine oil on the gears but noise continues. I expected it to last longer than this, more quietly. ADDITIONAL UPDATE 6/2012: The noise continues and is getting worse. I would not buy this brand again.
178	returned	Magic Tape is truly invisible and quite durable, perfect for wrapping presents. What bothers me, though, with this particular product is this: the tape dispensers are large, used only once and have far too little tape in them to justify this kind of waste. I prefer to get my tape at art or office supply stores in large rolls, which I place in permanent dispensers. Costs less, wastes less, and I buy less often. This three-pack is not recommended.
433	kept	These were great...until the dried up.  Honestly, I expected them to last a lot longer than they actually did.  That fine point, although great for taking notes and drawing detailed diagrams, is quickly rendered unusable once the ink runs low.Won't be buying again.
205	kept	These are basically stackable cardboard (reinforced) storage boxes  They are strong and well made, work pretty well, and get the job done.  However, I think the price is *very* expensive for what you get.  I use them in a walk-in closet and they work ok for that purpose.
411	kept	Wrap it in plastic! Make it last. But it won't last long outside in the elements. Works well. Costs too much.
397	kept	Love the lamination! Scotch is the best and they know it cause they charge too much. It's not worth twenty words in a review. If you can find it cheaper somewhere, let me know.
169	kept	The machine feels fragile and goes through the carbon ribbon quickly.  After six months of very limited home use, I am hearing a squealing-grinding noise when feeding the fax for a send... I am not sure that the unit will make it a full year.  I regret buying it. There are better machines out their for the same money... find one with a refillable cartridge.  Conditionally  Recommended
