852	4.0	What do you walk through to enter a building in Norway? A doorway.
836	3.0	Did you hear about the guy who lost his whole left side?  He's all right now.
280	3.0	Why didn’t the integral like going to the beach? Because he didn’t like the sun, let alone the sun PLUS SEA.
575	2.0	Why does Kanye think Will is rude? Because he didn't let him finish.
208	0.0	"3 guys are hiking through the woods when they find a lamp. One of them picks it up, rubs it, and out pops a Genie.  It booms ""You have finally freed me after all these years, so I'll grant each one of you 3 wishes."" The first guy immediately blurts out ""I want a billion dollars."" POOF, he's holding a printout that shows his account balance is now in fact 1,000,000,003.50  The second man thinks for a bit, then says ""I want to be the richest man alive."" POOF, he's holding papers showing his net worth is now well over 100 billion.  The third guy thinks even longer about his wish, then says ""I want my left arm to rotate clockwise for the rest of my life."" POOF, his arm starts rotating.  The Genie tells them it's time for their second wish. First guy says: ""I want to be married to the most beautiful woman on earth."" POOF, a stunning beauty wraps herself around his arm.  Second guy says ""I want to be good-looking and charismatic, so I can have every girl I want."" POOF, his looks change and the first guy's wife immediately starts flirting with him.  Third guy says ""I want my right arm to rotate counter-clockwise until I die."" POOF, now both his arms are rotating, in opposite directions.  The genie tells them to think very carefully about their third wish. First guy does, and after a while says ""I never want to become sick or injured, I want to stay healthy until I die."" POOF, his complexion improves, his acne is gone and his knees don't bother him any more.  Second guy says ""I never want to grow old. I want to stay 29 forever."" POOF, he looks younger already.  Third guy smiles triumphantly and says ""My last wish is for my head to nod back and forth."" POOF, he's now nodding his head and still flailing his arms around. The genie wishes them good luck, disappears, and the men soon go their separate ways.  Many years later they meet again and chat about how things have been going. First guy is ecstatic: ""I've invested the money and multiplied it many times over, so me and my family will be among the richest of the rich pretty much forever. My wife is a freak in the sheets, and I've never gotten so much as a cold in all these years."" Second guy smiles and says ""Well, I built charities worldwide with a fraction of my wealth, I'm still the richest guy alive and also revered for my good deeds. I haven't aged a day since we last met, and yes, your wife is pretty wild in bed."" Third guy walks in, flailing his arms around and nodding his head, and says:  ""Guys, I think I fucked up."""
609	0.0	I bought a watch last week and asked if it could come with a metal band Long story short, I'm now the owner of Def Leppard.
932	0.0	"A man walks into a skyscraper bar.. I saw this on TikTok a while ago, and remembered it recently.  A man is at a skyscraper bar and watches a guy jump off the balcony and walks in again 5 minutes later. Amazed, the man walks other to the guy and asks ""how did you do that"". The man replied ""I dont know, I take a shot and jump off, and just before I hit the floor I slow down"", then the guy takes a shot and jumps off the balcony, and just before he hits the ground he slows down and lands on the floor. 5 minutes the later the guy magically re-enters back into the bar. Amazed the man takes a shot and jumps off the balcony, but he doesn't slow down like the guy, he falls to his death. Then the bar keeper turns to the guy and says ""your a real jerk when your drunk superman"""
725	2.0	The people of Saudi Arabia don't like the Flintstones but the people of Abu Dhabi do.
47	2.0	What is the sound of one hand clapping? Same sound as a G.I. Jane joke apparently
985	0.0	"One dolphin talking to his buddy ""Hey bro, could you help me out? I need you to pull a fart out of my butt"" Dolphin2 ""Da fuq?! I thought we're just fat spines!""   Dolphin1 ""Hey aaaa, the dance tonight tonight is cancelled. The sardines had a lot of casualties in their families, something fishy was happening to them. Chief Sardinio said they're scattered, sad for their loved ones. Tomorrow they will be able to do the ball dance, he said. Meet is still under the Discovery crew, no changes on that. Humans think that we eat our sardine friends! We just wanna put on a good show for them star shaped weirdos.""  Dolphin2 ""HeHeHe""  Dolphin1 ""Big money for us, big money for the sardines, we can all build our own prey farms!""  Dolphin2 ""Thank you very much.""  Dolphin1 ""Full screen, touch."""
337	3.0	"The preacher and the painters A preacher noticed that his church was beginning to look somewhat dingy and could use a new coat of paint.&nbsp; He asked for bids from several local outfits and selected a two-man firm which had given him the best price.  On the appointed day, the crew arrived.&nbsp; Setting up their scaffolding, they proceeded to put a good coat of paint on the front of the church.&nbsp; After they were done, they put the scaffolding on the right side and checked their supplies.&nbsp; Looking at the amount of wall left to cover versus their remaining paint, they added a bunch of paint thinner to the latter.  Finishing up on the right side, they moved to the left.&nbsp; Once again they checked the amount of wall versus paint, and added a bunch more thinner to it.  Finally they moved to the back of the building.&nbsp; By this time they were down to very little paint, with a lot of wall still left to cover.&nbsp; They added thinner until  they had enough liquid volume to stretch over the square footage and went to town.  The preacher arrived near the end of the job.&nbsp; He examined at the front of the church and nodded approvingly at how good it looked.&nbsp; He then moved to the right side and raised an eyebrow at how much less good it looked than the front.&nbsp; At the left side he stopped and shook his head before moving around to the back.&nbsp; He arrived just as the painters were taking down the last of their scaffolding.&nbsp; The preacher pointed an accusing finger at the pair, and intoned,  ""REPAINT, YOU THINNERS!&nbsp; REPAINT, AND THIN NO MORE!""  I'll show myself out."
581	3.0	What haircut does a Rastafarian ask for when he is questioning life? Existential dreads
155	3.0	I don't know how my wife figured out I was into some kinky stuff... But she had me pegged from the start.
692	0.0	Did you hear the one about the guy with three really deep holes in his yard? Well, well, well
862	4.0	"A man was stunned when his evil coworker was promoted instead of him He complained to his friend about it.  ""That sleazy jerk, all he did was suck up to the bosses while I ACTUALLY DID MY JOB! How come he gets promoted? It's not fair!""  His friend thought about it for a minute, then asked ""How close are you to becoming an astronaut?""  ""What? I'm not trying to become an astronaut! What the fuck are you talking about?""  ""Have you ever won a race by trying to build a house?""  ""Have you lost your mind?""  ""Why don't you go flirt with a girl by never talking to her?""  The man punched his friend in the face, knocking him out.  &#x200B;  This too, did not get him a promotion.  &#x200B;  The End."
790	2.0	How many super saiyans does it take to screw in a light bulb?   FIND OUT NEXT TIME ON DRAGONBALL Z!
572	3.0	"hey stranger! The factory manager thought he was one of the guys at the shop. He walked around visiting employees every day, but hardly every had time to go to one department. When he would go there, he was always greeted with "" Hello stranger!""   One day he stopped and asked the foreman why the employees always said that.   ""They all know me, is it because I don't get here often?""  "" No, it's because you're the strangest guy we know!"""
241	3.0	My friend made a motorbike entirely out of wood... It had wooden wheels, wooden frame, wooden engine, wooden brakes, wooden handlebars...   I asked him if he had taken it for a ride   He said: Wooden start
992	2.0	I ordered Will Smith's Greatest Hits from Amazon... All I got was a YouTube clip of the Oscar Awards.
788	0.0	"Theres two cows grazing in a pasture, one cow says ""Mooooo"" the second cow looks up and says ""Hey! I was just about to say that!"""
980	0.0	"Federal Budget *Tonight's Federal Budget in a nutshell*: ""We know that most of you are poor, but if you vote for us, you'll be slightly less poor for a few weeks, but then after a while, you'll just be poor again and we'll still be in power for another 4 years."""
498	1.0	"Are you Blonde? A blond cop pulls over a blond and asks for her drivers license. The blond starts looking through her car then asks, ""Uhh, what are they again?""  The blond cop replies, ""Ugh. It's the thing in your purse with your picture on it."" ""Oh yeah,"" says the blond who reaches in her purse, pulls out a compact mirror, and hands it over. The blond cop opens it, takes a look inside, hands it back, and says, ""I'm sorry ma'am. If I knew you were a cop, I wouldn't have pulled you over."""
107	0.0	"Dad goes to his son and says ""a little bird told me you're smoking cigarettes""... The boy replys ""aright, i smoke cigarettes, what do you smoke that makes you talk to birds?"""
767	3.0	If someone hits you over the head with a coffee cup, have you been mugged?
839	4.0	What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
931	3.0	What does a deaf gynaecologist do? Read lips
300	2.0	Chris Rock has waited his entire life for this moment. People are finally calling him the bigger man.
386	4.0	"""You have 3 kids, and they're all behaving so well!"" That's because I used to have 4."
490	3.0	What do you call a drunk guy trying to start his car? A lyft. Friends don't let friends drive drunk.
918	4.0	My opinion is like a tower. If you get me high, I can be swayed.
49	2.0	I heard that Shrek’s coming to our town I know this because someBODY once told me!
216	0.0	What do you call a dog with no legs? Call it what you want, it won't come.
887	0.0	A cowboy goes into town to buy a horse… A cowboy goes into town to buy a horse, and he walks up to the local horse dealer and asks him about the horses he has to offer.  The horse dealer is telling the cowboy about one of the horses when the cowboy begins to lose interest. Out of the corner of his eye, the cowboy’s spotted the most beautiful and majestic horse he’s ever seen.  As the horse dealer is talking about the horse in front of them, the cowboy interrupts him:  “Now, this is certainly a fine horse, sir, but how much for that horse over there?” he asks, pointing at the majestic horse on the other side of the stables.  “Ten dollars,” answers the horse dealer.  The cowboy is taken aback by this bargain rate. “This horse only costs $10? You’ve gotta be kidding me! I normally don’t haggle upwards when buying, but I would feel like a dishonest man if I bought this beautiful beast for just $10. It must be worth at least $100!”  The horse dealer says, “I said ten dollars. And you don’t want that horse.”  “Why not?”  “Well, he don’t look too good.”  Incredulous, the cowboy exclaims, “What do you mean!? ‘He don’t look too good?’ My good man, I have seen many a horse in my day, and I can most assuredly say that this horse here is, without a doubt, the most fit and beautiful horse I have ever seen in my entire life!”  “I tell you, sir, I know this horse, and he don’t look too good. Ten dollars is the most I’ll take for him.”  The cowboy pays the horse dealer $10, takes the horse, and goes on his way.  …  Later that day, the cowboy angrily returns with the horse.  “I wanna know the hell kinda place you’re running here,” the cowboy demands. “I went to ride on this horse I just bought from you, and he starts bumping into everything in his path! You, sir… You sold me a blind horse!”  The horse dealer replies, “I told you, he don’t look so good.”
73	0.0	"Superior   A lion woke up one morning with the urge to assert his superiority over his fellow beasts.  He strode over to a monkey, and roared ""Who is the Mightiest of Animals?""  ""You are, Master,"" said the monkey, cowering.  Then the lion approached a warthog. ""Who is the Mightiest of Animals?"" roared the lion.  ""You are, my Lord,"" said the warthog, quivering with fear.  Next the lion met an elephant. ""Who is the Mightiest of Animals?"" roared the lion.  The elephant grabbed the lion with his trunk, swung him in the air, slammed him ten times against a tree trunk, threw him into a dense patch of thorns, and strolled away.  ""Okay!"" shouted the lion. ""There's no need to turn nasty just because you don't know the answer!"""
125	2.0	"Did you hear about the deleted scene in Monty Python and the Holy Grail where Arthur got lost in China? He was greeted by the Knights Who Say, ""Ni Hao!"""
565	0.0	My mom always says I was a shooting star (NSFL) I didn’t think that meant 10 years later I would have shoot her. (Still working on the star part)
262	1.0	An Asian boy comes out to his parents. Son: “Dad, I’m gay.”  Parents: “It’s okay son. You know we love you no matter what.”  Son: “Also, I don’t want to be a doctor anymore.”  Parents: “Did I hear something? Who’s dumbass child are you? Get the fuck out of my house.”
717	0.0	"The bartender says, ""We don't serve time travelers here.""   A time traveler walks into a bar. "
596	3.0	I didn’t get a lap dance! It was an erotic mugging
669	3.0	I told my girlfriend she was bad at handjobs I guess that rubbed her the wrong way.
309	1.0	You know why men turn gay? They get sucked into it.
803	4.0	A rapist, a pedophile, and a priest walk into a bar.   He orders a whiskey.
877	1.0	"A wealthy lawyer was riding in his limousine when he saw two women along the roadside eating grass. A wealthy lawyer was riding in his limousine when he saw two women along the roadside eating grass. Disturbed, he ordered his driver to stop and he got out to investigate. He asked one women, ""Why are you eating grass?"" ""We don't have any money for food,"" the poor women replied. ""We have to eat grass."" ""Well then, you can come with me to my house and I'll feed you,"" the lawyer said. ""But sir, I have a husband and two children with me. They are over there, under that tree."" ""Bring them along,"" the lawyer replied. Turning to the other poor women he stated, ""You come with us also."" The second women, in a pitiful voice then said, ""But sir, I also have a husband and SIX children with me!"" ""Bring them all, as well,"" the lawyer answered. They all entered the car, which was no easy task, even for a car as large as the limousine. Once underway, one of the poor fellows turned to the lawyer and said, ""Sir, you are too kind. Thank you for taking all of us with you."" The lawyer replied, ""Glad to do it. You'll really love my place; the grass is almost a foot high!"""
848	0.0	What did Helen Keller say when she got thrown off a cliff?? (wave your hands around emphatically)
580	2.0	Putin: Starting a war against Ukraine and becoming MAJOR news Will smith has entered the chat.
864	0.0	"A man went to see a psychiatrist He said, ""Doctor, I have a problem.  Every time I see a field, I think of the song 'The Green Green Grass of Home', and whenever I see a woman, I think of the song 'She's a Lady', and if I see a cat, I think of the song 'What's New, Pussycat'. What's wrong with me?"" The doctor said, 'It sounds like a case of Tom Jones Syndrome."" The man asked, ""Is that common?"" The doctor replied, ""It's not unusual."""
447	3.0	I named my horse Mayo Sometimes Mayo-neighs
484	4.0	What did Jada Plinkett Smith say when she found her grandmother’s antique comb. “I’ll never part with it.”
418	4.0	How do you make a Dinosaur? Spank them on the butt.
147	3.0	A man is walking home alone late one foggy night when behind him he hears: Bump! BUMP! BUMP! Walking faster, he looks back and through the fog he makes out the image of an upright casket banging its way down the middle of the street toward him!! BUMP! BUMP! BUMP!  Terrified, the man begins to run toward his home, the casket bouncing quickly behind him.  FASTER! FASTER! BUMP! BUMP! BUMP!  He runs up to his door, fumbles with his keys, opens the door, rushes in, slams and locks the door behind him.  However, the casket crashes through his door, with the lid of the casket clapping.  Clappity-BUMP! Clappity-BUMP! Clappity-BUMP!  On his heels, the terrified man runs.  Rushing upstairs to the bathroom, the man locks himself in.  His heart is pounding, his head is reeling, his breath is coming in sobbing gasps.  With a loud CRASH the casket breaks down the door.  Bumping and clapping toward him.  The man screams and reaches for something, anything, but all he can find is a bottle of cough syrup!  Desperate, he throws the cough syrup at the casket...  and...  the coffin stops.
556	0.0	The 5 things a man should consider for a happy life The 5 things a man should consider for a happy life:  Find a woman who likes to laugh Find a woman you can talk to Find a woman who is good in bed Find a woman who is good at cooking And the most important: Make sure they never meet
323	4.0	Metric system is so hard to use Like how can I know kilo of meters means 1000 meters?   I like the american system more because it uses common easy to understand units. In stead of kilometer, I`m lucky we use school shootings by mac donalds in a district measurements.
37	3.0	So I was looking up popular pornographic search terminology... Turns out FFM, Bondage, and Watersports are a three way tie for #1.
586	2.0	two clean Irish jokes    Gallagher opened the morning newspaper   and was dumbfounded to read in the obituary column that he had died. He quickly phoned his best friend, Finney.  'Did you see the paper?' asked Gallagher. 'They say I died!!'  'Yes, I saw it!' replied Finney. 'Where are ye callin' from?'  \-=+  -=+  -=+  -=+  -=+  -=+  -=+  -=+  -=+  -=+  -=+  -=+  -=+    An Irish priest is driving down to New York and gets stopped for speeding in Connecticut. The state trooper smells alcohol on the priest's breath and then sees an empty wine bottle on the floor of the car.  He says, 'Sir, have you been drinking?'  'Just water,' says the priest  The trooper says, 'Then why do I smell wine?'  The priest looks at the bottle and says, 'Good Lord! He's done it again!'
438	2.0	Daddy, what is politics? A small boy asks his Dad: “Daddy, what is politics?”  Dad says: “Well  son, let me try to explain it this way: I'm the breadwinner of the  family, so let's call me Capitalism. Your mom, she's the administrator of the money, so we'll call her the Government. We're here to take care of your needs, so we'll call you the People. The nanny, we'll consider her the Working Class. And your baby brother, we'll call him the Future. Now, think about that and see if that makes sense.”  So the little boy goes off to bed thinking about what Dad has said. Later that night, he hears his baby brother crying, so he gets up to check on him. He finds that the baby has severely soiled his diaper. The little boy goes to his parent's room and finds his mother sound asleep. Not wanting to wake her, he goes to the nanny's room. Finding the door locked, he peeks in the keyhole and sees his father having sex with the nanny. He gives up and goes back to bed.  The next morning, the little boy says to his father: “Dad, I think I understand the concept of politics now.” The father says: “Very Good, son, tell me in your own words what you think politics is all about.”  The little boy replies: “Well, while Capitalism is screwing the Working Class, the Government is sound asleep, the People are being ignored, and The Future is in Deep Shit.”
409	4.0	"Anyone wanna hear one about a couple olives? (it’s long but worth the read trust me) So there are these 2 olives right, let's call them Frank and Bobby…… and these two are long time best friends, and they’re as good of guys as they come, and always just having a good time together. Nice as can be. Just some good timing olives you know? Anyways they're on a high top table at a bar, just hanging out, doin' things olives do. Well Frank goes to tellin' that tomato joke from Pulp Fiction that I'm sure you all know, like about the Papa tomato, Momma tomato, and baby tomato? Well, Bobby has never watched that movie nor heard the joke so as soon as Frank says ""catchup"" Bobby just busts into a hysterical laughter. Spits out his drink of this little mini martini of his (no olives of course) and just cannot stop laughing! Well he's laughing so hard that he slips on what he just accidentally spit out, and he starts rolling towards the edge of the table. And for a little olive a standard high top is pretty dang far off the ground (don't ask me how they got up there, that part I do not know) but anyways it's almost in slow motion…. Bobby gaining momentum every roll, Frank trying to ""catchup"" (hehe) but without slipping himself…. And then Frank realizes something, he thinks to himself ""how the hell am I even gonna grab the guy if I got there in time, I DONT HAVE ANY ARMS"" so he slows up… Bobby rolls off the edge of the table, he's screaming the whole way down….. Frank can't bring himself to watch but goes to look over the edge of the table after a few silent seconds expecting the worst. But to his surprise Bobby's moving!! Frank yells down to floor  ""Bobby!! Oh my gawd buddy are ya gonna be okay??"" Frank could see Bobby starting to roll over, he looks in a lot of pain, but he says back….…….  “Yeah… Yeah, I think Olive"""
52	0.0	"An Evil Lesbian walks into a bar She said to the bartender, ""Hi. I'm an Evil Lesbian. Can I get a drink?""  ""Why are you an Evil Lesbian?""  ""I try to steal guy's girlfriends when I'm single, lonely, and drunk.""  ""That's not evil. That's just my regulars."""
599	0.0	"A couple of old ladies were sitting outside on a patio and speaking to each other about their grandchildren. ""I send gifts, greeting cards and cheques with substantial amount of money to my grandchildren and still they don't visit me"" said the first one sadly..   The second old lady said"" Oh i too send cheques to my grandchildren and they visit me all the time!""    ""Wow you are so fortunate it's great to have family around"".   The second old lady smiled: "" No my grandchildren are as good as yours I just don't sign the cheques"""
687	3.0	Why should you NEVER use the bathroom when you are around Pokemon? They might Pikachu
879	2.0	I think I’m gonna go on a plant based diet. From now on, I’m making sure all my beef is grass fed.
716	3.0	Velcro. What a ripoff
243	0.0	My cat keeps trying to bite my wife’s cheek So I told him to KEEP MY WIFE’S FACE OUT YOUR FUCKING MOUTH
131	0.0	"""You have 3 kids, and they're all behaving so well!"" That's because I used to have 4."
562	3.0	"Blind man What does blind guy say on jokes about being blind:""I don't see what is so funny""."
219	0.0	"""I will avenge my brother!"" Archer: ""You have my bow""  Warrior: ""And my blade""  Necromancer: ""And your brother""  (Possibly a repost, can't remember where I heard this one)"
95	3.0	"What do gays guys and garage sales have in common? ""One man's junk is another man's treasure"""
808	0.0	What's green and invisible? (hold out hand like you're holding something) this cabbage.
82	4.0	Russia vs NATO A russian general goes into a coma in December 2021 ans wakes up in March 2022. His assistant is updating him on the latest development: - General, tov. Putin ordered a special operation against Ukraine, which is actually a war against NATO to establish world dominance in the next 100 years. So far we lost around 15.000 soldiers, over 5000 armored vehicles, including tanks, we lost a lot of planes, war ships and so on. - Oh my god, this is terrible, what about NATO? - NATO didn't arrive yet...
696	3.0	My friends Victor and Timothy were arrested for bank robbery, but they are denying it. They are claiming it’s a Vic Tim less crime.
306	2.0	What is Will Smith's favourite type of comedy? Slapstick.
956	2.0	So Will Smith slapped Chris Rock... Now we've Alsina-ssault.
144	0.0	"""Wow! It's your cake day, repost your favorite joke!"" ""No thanks. I won't be doing that today."""
999	2.0	Shout out to Will Smith! I never would’ve stood up for another man’s girl like that
415	2.0	He got in one little fight and his mom got scared Now he has to go live with his aunty and uncle in Bel-Air
548	1.0	4 Kids argue about who of them has the tallest king Kong Kid 1: My King Kong is as tall as a skyscraper.  Kid 2: That's nothing compared to mine. He is so tall, he can cross the ocean and walk from Europe to America in half a minute.  Kid 3: Don't even try! My King Kong is bigger than the earth and holds 2 planets in his hands.  Kid 4: Are they warm or cold?  Kid 3: They are warm planets. Why?  Kid 4: Well those are the balls of my King Kong.
4	2.0	"The song of this year's Oscars ""we Will, we Will  Rock you!"""
704	0.0	What's orange and sounds like a parrot?   A carrot.
707	0.0	"A man goes to the circus. After the show he speaks to the manager and asks for a job.   ""Alright, what can you do?"", the manager asks.   -""I can do great bird impressions"", the man replies.   -""Pssh, a lot of people can do that"".   -""Oh well"", the man says and flies away."
143	3.0	What do you walk through to enter a building in Norway? A doorway.
269	4.0	I've spent past 2 years looking for my ex wife's killer No one wants to do it.
926	1.0	hat's the difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer? The taste.
479	0.0	Man was driving overspeed and police stop him Police: If you tell me good reason for your overspeed I will not give you a ticket  Man: Three weeks ago my wife dump me and left with police guy  Man: When I saw your car I scared that you are bringing her back
284	3.0	How do you pick up a woman at a bluegrass festival? Hey baby, wanna folk?
889	3.0	Have you seen the new King Richards movie? It slaps!
951	1.0	"A businessman was flying on a plane surrounded by hundreds of kids. A lady went and sat down next to him. ""Are these all your kids?"", she asked.  The man replied, ""No. I work at a condom factory, and these are all the complaints."""
294	4.0	My vegan girlfriend dumped me. The other day I bit into a vegan sandwich and cried. Not because I missed her but because it was vegan.
950	3.0	I dont really like watching f1 racing anymore because I find f5 to be more refreshing.
13	2.0	what do you call one who punches on the stage? Will Smack.
705	1.0	Two nuns are sitting on a park bench. A man in a trench coat runs up and flashes them.  The first nun has a stroke.  The second nun tried but she couldn't reach.
515	3.0	Why will the Fresh Prince be the last of his kind? Cause he can't find an hair to the throne.
751	3.0	What's the best time to go to the dentist?   2:30
356	1.0	hat's the difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer? The taste.
121	3.0	"There was a man in Bulgaria who drove trains for a living. He loved his job. Driving a train had been his dream ever since he was a child. He loved to make the train go as fast as possible. Unfortunately, one day he was a little too reckless and caused a crash. He made it out, but a single person died. Well, needless to say, he went to court over this incident. He was found guilty, and was sentenced to death by electrocution. When the day of the execution came, he requested a single banana as his last meal. After eating the banana, he was strapped into the electric chair. The switch was flown, sparks flew, and smoke filled the air - but nothing happened. The man was perfectly fine.      Well, at the time, there was an old Bulgarian law that said a failed execution was a sign of divine intervention, so the man was allowed to go free. Somehow, he managed to get his old job back driving the train. Having not learned his lesson at all, he went right back to driving the train with reckless abandon. Once again, he caused a train to crash, this time killing two people. The trial went much the same as the first, resulting in a sentence of execution. For his final meal, the man requested two bananas. After eating the bananas, he was strapped into the electric chair. The switch was thrown, sparks flew, smoke filled the room - and the man was once again unharmed.      Well, this of course meant that he was free to go. And once again, he somehow managed to get his old job back. To what should have been the surprise of no one, he crashed yet another train and killed three people. And so he once again found himself being sentenced to death. On the day of his execution, he requested his final meal: three bananas.      ""You know what? No,"" said the executioner. ""I've had it with you and your stupid bananas and walking out of here unharmed. I'm not giving you a thing to eat; we're strapping you in and doing this now."" Well, it was against protocol, but the man was strapped in to the electric chair without a last meal. The switch was pulled, sparks flew, smoke filled the room - and the man was still unharmed. The executioner was speechless.  The man looked at the executioner and said, ""Oh, the bananas had nothing to do with it. I'm just a bad conductor."""
621	4.0	A Priest, a stalker and a murderer go into a bar. He orders a beer.
909	4.0	Knock Knock Who’s there?  Kanga…  Kanga Who?   Actually, it’s kangaroo!
895	4.0	I want to lose some weight But I don't want to get caught up in one of those eat right and exercise scams.
983	2.0	A man who has never flown before walks into open mic night The comedian says “What’s the deal with Airline food” and the man says “I don’t get it”
472	1.0	Why did the frog get arrested? He was found to be in possession of tadpole porn
477	2.0	"A Russian judge walks out of a courtroom, laughing. Curious, one of the guards in the courthouse asks him ""What's so funny?""  ""Oh, this joke I just heard!"" says the Judge.  ""Can you tell it to me?"" asks the guard, curious.   ""No, I can't,"" says the judge. ""I just sentenced a man to 10 years in prison for telling it!"""
863	4.0	Why are alligators soo angry? Mama said alligators are soo angry because they got all them teeth and no toothbrush
955	3.0	"A woman goes to the library and whispers to the librarian, ""Where can I find a book about restarting your love life after having kids?"" The librarian points to an aisle and whispers back, ""Non-Friction."""
295	1.0	"My boyfriend is a devil in the bedroom He shows me his erection and says ""Please allow me to introduce myself.."""
729	3.0	What do you do if you see a spaceman?  Park in it, man.
378	2.0	How much is the gas for East-coast rappers? $0.06/mile (50 cents for 8 miles)
641	0.0	"A man boarded an airplane and took his seat. As he settled in, he glanced up and saw the most beautiful woman boarding the plane. He soon realized She was heading straight towards his seat. As fate would have it, she took the seat right beside his: Eager to strike up a conversation he blurted out. ""Business trip or pleasure?""  She turned, smiled and said. ""Business. I’m going to the Annual Nymphomaniacs of America Convention in Boston.""  He swallowed hard. Here was the most gorgeous woman he had ever seen Sitting next to him and she was going to a meeting of nymphomaniacs!  Struggling to maintain his composure, he calmly asked. “What’s your Business at this convention?""  “Lecturer."" She responded. ""I use information that I have learned from my Personal experiences to debunk some of the popular myths about sexuality.""  “Really?” He said. “And what kind of myths are there?”  “Well.” She explained. “One popular myth is that African-American men are The most well-endowed of all men, when in fact it is the Native American Indian who is most likely to possess that trait. Another popular myth is That Frenchmen are the best lovers, when actually it is men of Mexican Descent who are the best. I have also discovered that the lover with Absolutely the best stamina is the Southern Redneck.""  Suddenly the woman became a little uncomfortable and blushed.. ""I’m Sorry."" She said, “I shouldn't really be discussing all of this with you. I don’t even know your name.""  ""Tonto."" The man said. ""Tonto Gonzales, but my friends call me Bubba."" ..........."
753	3.0	Wanna hear a joke about a pizza?  Oh never mind its too cheesy.   What happened to the frog that parked in the wrong spot?  He got toad.
58	2.0	Why was Chris Rock surprised when Will Smith slapped him? He thought one of Jada’s other boyfriends would have done it.
798	1.0	What tastes good on pie but not on pussy? Crust.  Gross as hell but definitely gets a reaction.
371	2.0	Smith smacking Rock at Oscar last night came as a complete shock Because nobody even knew Oscar was supposed to be happening last night.
271	4.0	What do a hooker and Little Caesars have in common? They're Hot and Ready.
974	3.0	I've spent past 2 years looking for my ex wife's killer No one wants to do it.
169	3.0	what happens when the peddles stop working in a car It eventually brakes.
239	2.0	Will Smith should take a joke the same way Jada takes a dick From everyone...except Will Smith.
207	4.0	Did you hear about the guy with five penises? His pants fit him like a glove.
358	2.0	"I got in one little fight and my mom got scared. She said, ""You can't slap Chris Rock because your wifes got no hair"""
874	3.0	What do you call a witcher that's great at answering random questions? Geralt of trivia.
600	2.0	What’s the difference between a gang bang and a joke? Will Smith won’t let his wife be in a joke.
509	2.0	Everyone is Fine! In fact, the academy is already trying to encourage Hollywood to make an awesome movie  So that Will Smith can give an Oscar worthy performance So they can nominate him again next year ... And get Ricky Gervais to host.
434	2.0	"You never told me about that hot date... A man comes home to see his roommate sitting in the dining room drinking coffee.  ""Hey man, you never told me about that hot date you had a little while back! What happened?""  The man suddenly bursts out crying and runs off to his room slamming the door behind him.  The roommate thought this was odd, but that maybe things just didn't go well that night.  When the man comes out of his room the roommate says ""Hey...sorry about earlier. Are you okay?""  ""Yeah I'm fine,"" the man responds. "" It was actually an amazing night. We went out for dinner and drinks. We went dancing and went back to her place afterwards.""  ""That sounds awesome man! Why'd you get so upset then?"" The roommate asked.  ""Well we started to make love and things got heated. A little too heated. I wound up fucking her so hard she was tearing her hair out in ecstasy,"" the man said slightly perturbed.  ""That sounds a little fucked up but not too bad, so you stopped seeing her?""   The man explained that he continued to spend more time with her even though she had been acting a bit too raucous during sex. He felt like they had a real connection and it could possibly be love. But one day while they were making love they heard the front door open and close.   ""She jumped out of bed and told me she forgot her landlord was coming today to inspect the property and she said she would be out but he could come in. I had to sneak out apparently... and then she never called me again.""  ""Oh shit man! I'm sorry about that"" exclaimed the roommate. ""At least it wasn't a husband or anything.""  ""Haha yeah,"" said the man relaxing a bit. ""It was pretty funny leaving though.""  ""Why's that?""  ""Well I saw her landlord on the way out and I swear he looked just like Will Smith!"""
585	3.0	What do you call a witcher that's great at answering random questions? Geralt of trivia.
34	3.0	My daughter felt really grown up watching Turning Red. It was her first period film.
634	1.0	Will Smith doesn’t have to cuss in his raps to sell records But keep my wife’s name out your fuckin mouth.
433	2.0	I only have this to say about Chris Rock's joke Making fun of someone's physical feature which they have no control over is little dick energy
311	3.0	If a married man graduates from the University his first time, is he still given a **bachelor's** degree?
701	1.0	So this guy with a premature ejaculation problem comes out of nowhere...
475	4.0	It's such a shame that Abraham Lincoln got doxxed and had his home location leaked. Now everyone knows his address is Gettysburg
331	0.0	"A shipwrecker was swimming in the sea with his last ounce of strength, when he saw an island.  He  rejoiced and  started to swim towards the shore, when suddenly,  he felt something squeeze him hard by the balls.   An unknown creature appeared below  the surface of the water. Surprisingly, it spoke with a deep voice: ""Plus two or minus two?"" He was puzzled,  but he wanted to get to the island quickly , so he answered ""Plus two"". And he immediately felt that his gonads were released from the grip.   He reached the island, went ashore, undressed and inspected his groin - his testicles had became 4! He pondered for a whole about the whole thing and threw himself back into the water.  He swam to the same spot and looked around. Suddenly he felt something grab his balls yet again.  The strange creature appeared in the same way and said: ""Plus four or minus four?"""
473	3.0	My wife is complaining that I never buy her jewelry. In my defense, I didn't even know she sold jewelry.
615	1.0	How many Dicks does it take to screw in a light bulb? Just one, it make take him a minute but he always cums through.
7	3.0	It's such a shame that Abraham Lincoln got doxxed and had his home location leaked. Now everyone knows his address is Gettysburg
421	2.0	Why can’t Professor Snape be a herbology teacher? He can’t keep the lilies alive!
266	2.0	What do you call a Mexican potato with a penis? Papa John's
56	1.0	NSFW How do you put seven holes in a hole? You insert a flute in your ass
384	0.0	"A wealthy lawyer was riding in his limousine when he saw two women along the roadside eating grass. A wealthy lawyer was riding in his limousine when he saw two women along the roadside eating grass. Disturbed, he ordered his driver to stop and he got out to investigate. He asked one women, ""Why are you eating grass?"" ""We don't have any money for food,"" the poor women replied. ""We have to eat grass."" ""Well then, you can come with me to my house and I'll feed you,"" the lawyer said. ""But sir, I have a husband and two children with me. They are over there, under that tree."" ""Bring them along,"" the lawyer replied. Turning to the other poor women he stated, ""You come with us also."" The second women, in a pitiful voice then said, ""But sir, I also have a husband and SIX children with me!"" ""Bring them all, as well,"" the lawyer answered. They all entered the car, which was no easy task, even for a car as large as the limousine. Once underway, one of the poor fellows turned to the lawyer and said, ""Sir, you are too kind. Thank you for taking all of us with you."" The lawyer replied, ""Glad to do it. You'll really love my place; the grass is almost a foot high!"""
183	3.0	I am not smart enough to make a topical joke about how Jada Smith likes younger men, but I have to imagine that... ...if there is a Will, there is a way.
391	2.0	Thank goodness Will Smith doesn't have to cuss in his raps to sell records I'd hate to see him accused of being a bad role model
871	2.0	Gen Z loves cups No cap
200	4.0	I found a ghost in my napkin Yesseroo there was a little boogie
100	2.0	How did Will Smith find out Jada was cheating on him? She kept telling him she was going to the hair salon
59	0.0	"Little Jason was writing a Christmas card to his friend David He asked his mum, ""mum, how do I spell Merry Christmas""?     Mum: ""You can find it on the card, it starts with the letter M"".     A week later, David's mum sent a picture of a Christmas card to Jason's mum via Telegram. This was written in the card:     "" David, Made in china.   Jason"""
494	3.0	I dont really like watching f1 racing anymore because I find f5 to be more refreshing.
894	0.0	My friend thinks he's intelligent. He told me an onion is the only food that makes you cry, so I threw a coconut at his face.
146	3.0	What do you call a paved psychopath? A psychoroad.
685	2.0	I’m trying to think of a Will Smith joke But I can’t come up with a punchline
396	0.0	"A man was convicted of murdering his wife of 30 years Before handing the sentence, the judge addressed the defendant: ""The court would like you to explain what made you murder your wife after over 30 years of marriage"". ""Well, your honor"" answered the defendant ""it's mostly procrastination. Every day I kept telling myself I'll do it tomorrow..."""
893	3.0	It’s true what they say about fruit being good for constipation… I got my phone repair bill from Apple and literally did shit myself.
316	4.0	I don't know how my wife figured out I was into some kinky stuff... But she had me pegged from the start.
176	3.0	"Did you guys hear about the young Japanese girl who decided to send food to a third world country?  She packed up a frozen waffle she named Carmen and wrote an address on it (that was illegible) but it never made it, and it wasn't sent back, which begs the question, ""where in the world is Carmen-san the eggo?"""
180	0.0	"I went to visit my grandad in the nursing home He was sitting with a gorgeous nurse on either side of him. While we were talking he started leaning to the right and it looked like he'd fall, but the nurse on that side pushed him upright. A little later he leaned to the other side like he was going to fall, but the nurse on that side pushed him upright. Then, he started to lean forward like he'd fall right on his face, but both nurses locked arms around him and pulled him up   I said ""Gee grandpa, they really look after you here don't they?""  He replied ""Yeah, but they won't let me fart."""
834	0.0	Knock Knock.  Who's there?  Bob.  Bob who?  Bob breaks down into tears as he comes to the realization that his grandmother's Alzheimer's Disease has progressed to the point where she no longer recognizes him.
766	3.0	whats the difference between swine flu and bird flu?  bird flu requires tweetment, and swine flu requires oinkment!
19	2.0	Say what you will about Chris Rock But he makes some really solid jokes off-the-cuff
806	3.0	What do you get when a cow jumps over a barbed wire fence? Utter destruction
68	1.0	What do you get when you cross an owl and a bungee cord? My AsS
795	3.0	Knock knock.  *Who's there?*  Europe.  *Europe who?*  No, YOU'RE a poo.
453	3.0	Who’s the buff actor who keeps sneezing? Ah it’s Vin Sniesel
231	3.0	What do you call someone pretending to be a vulture? A decomPoser
616	2.0	They have changed the lyrics to the Bad Boys song It now goes:  Bad boys, bad boys, whatcha gonna do Whatcha gonna do when Will slaps you
53	3.0	What is the one thing that the poor have and the rich want? Nothing
246	3.0	What kind of doctor was Dr Pepper? A fizzician
913	2.0	"A blonde is driving down the road... When she spots another blonde, sitting in a rowboat in the middle of a cornfield, rowing the oars furiously. The blonde in the car jumps out angrily.   ""How dare you! It's blondes like you that give all of us blondes a bad name. And if I could swim, I'd come out there and kick your ass!"""
709	0.0	What do wooden whales eat? Plankton. This joke is legit [OC] which is why it's so fucking terrible.
814	2.0	There are 10 types of people in this world, those that understand hexadecimal and *F* the rest
23	2.0	Why Will Smith so worried about Chris Rock keeping his wife’s name outta Chris’ mouth? Shouldn’t he be more worried about keeping other guys dicks outta his wife’s mouth?
336	4.0	A University poses the following question to the best student in each subject: A train crashes on the border between France and Germany. Where do you bury the survivors?  The Phyics student replied saying that, since a border is a 2 dimentional object and humans are 3D, they would have to be buried in both France and Germany simultaneously.  The Law student stated that the families would have to decide the burial locations, therefore the question is unanswerable.  The Mathematics student put forward that they would have to calculate the shortest distance from the crash site to the closest cemetery, therefore the answer is the country with the nearest burial site.  Finally the Psychology student states that the answer is nowhere. Because why would you bury the survivors?
570	2.0	I saw an ad selling Russian rifles online. Never been fired and only dropped once!
811	3.0	Two T.Vs get married, you should have seen the reception.
481	2.0	Will Smith has a new song... Knock around the Rock.  It's a real slapper!
113	3.0	One one 1 1 was a racehorse  22 was 1 2 1 1 1 1 race, and 2 2 1 1 2
168	0.0	"Hunters   A carload of hunters, looking for a place to hunt, pulled into a farmers yard. The driver went up to the farmhouse to ask permission to hunt.   The old farmer said, ""Sure you can hunt, but would you do me a favor? That old mule standing over there is 20 years old and sick with cancer, but I don't have the heart to kill her. Would you do it for me?"" The hunter said, ""Sure,"" and headed for the car.   While walking back, however, he decided to pull a trick on his hunting buddies. He got into the car and when they asked if the farmer had said OK, he said ""No, we can't hunt here, but I'm going to teach that old cuss a lesson."" With that, he rolled down his window, stuck his gun out and blasted the mule. As he exclaimed, ""There, that will teach him!"" a second shot rang out from the passenger side. And, one of his hunting buddies shouted, ""I got the cow!"""
762	4.0	[deleted]
362	0.0	As I get older, I remember all the people I lost along the way.  Maybe a career as a tour guide was not the right choice.
697	2.0	Did you hear what happened to Will Smith after he hit Chris Rock His mom got scared and sent him to live with his aunt and uncle in Bel Air
730	3.0	"Two fish in a tank, one says to the other; ""You man the guns, I'll drive!"""
543	0.0	"I saw an old man crying on a park bench around noon. I asked him what was wrong. He said, ""I'm 85 years old and I've fallen in love with a gorgeous young woman.  Every day at 1230 she comes to my house and we have mad, passionate love for three hours.""  I said, ""Well that doesn't sound so bad, why are you crying?""  ""I can't remember where I live."""
25	3.0	"A guy goes into a job interview... And the interviewer is asking him the standard questions. The interviewer says ""you've got a 4 year gap in your resume since your last job. Can you detail that for me?"" The guy says ""sure! I went to Yale for 4 years."" The interviewer says ""remarkable! You're hired!"" The guy replies,  ""Oh thank goodness! I really need this yob."""
289	4.0	Did you hear about the bank robber who hit the teller with a sack of money? It was only bills, though, no coins.  It was an act of centsless violence.
197	4.0	Pick-pocket vs Peeping Tom (From the podcast Wine and Crime). What's the difference between a pick-pocket and a peeping Tom? A pick-pocket snatches watches....
11	2.0	knock knock Orange you glad I didn't say will smith
988	2.0	People said I’d never get over my obsession with Phil Collins.                        But take a look at me now.
628	3.0	I always seem to say the wrong thing. For example yesterday I complimented my best friend's moustache. Now she's not talking to me.
233	4.0	"A man went to see a psychiatrist He said, ""Doctor, I have a problem.  Every time I see a field, I think of the song 'The Green Green Grass of Home', and whenever I see a woman, I think of the song 'She's a Lady', and if I see a cat, I think of the song 'What's New, Pussycat'. What's wrong with me?"" The doctor said, 'It sounds like a case of Tom Jones Syndrome."" The man asked, ""Is that common?"" The doctor replied, ""It's not unusual."""
734	3.0	What do you call an alligator in a vest?  An Investigator.
655	3.0	"A man went into a music shop A man went into a music shop looking for a new instrument.  The owner introduced him to a lot of different instruments: flutes, trumpets, drums and guitars but none of them caught the man's interest.  The man nearly gives up when he spots a saxophone hanging in the corner. He tries it and it really has that sound he was looking for, except it lacks something he can't quite put his finger on.  Man: ""I really like this saxophone, but can you do something to improve the sound, perhaps make it more rock'n'roll?""  Owner: ""Well I guess I could hook you up to this amplifier?""  Man: ""yea that would be great, but what I really want is for the saxophone itself to have that rock'n'roll feeling""  Owner: ""I think I've got just the thing!""  So the owner takes the saxophone into the back and comes back some time later. Now the saxophone is fitted with a guitar neck, pick-ups and a cool classic rock paint job.  Owner: ""I had some spare parts lying around from an old Fender Stratocaster, so I've modified your saxophone to get that feeling you were after. What do you think?""  The man is besides himself with joy, pays right away and begins to leave to take his new instrument home with him and begin his new career as a rock musician.  Owner: ""Hang on! Before you leave. Would you like me to register your new purchase to your name? saves a lot of trouble if there's any problems down the line.""  Man: ""No way! I'm not gonna bring a registered Sax-o-Fender into my house!"""
242	0.0	My girlfriend told me she was on birth control but it wasn’t true. Turns out she’s dyslexic and got a DUI.
276	0.0	"I'm 5'2"" But when I stand on my money I'm 5'2"""
77	3.0	Did you see the dictator's approval rating? It was authoritatively good.
916	2.0	I told my girlfriend I wanted a beard. She did not understand our relationship dynamic.
698	0.0	"And God said: ""Let there be vodka"" And He saw that it was good.   Then God said, ""Let there be light!""   And then He said, ""Whoa - too much light!"""
444	2.0	what do you call one who punches on the stage? Will Smack.
594	3.0	I keep getting road rage when i watch pornography. It just makes me so angry when someone pulls out in front of me.
67	3.0	Astronauts use Linux Because you can't open Windows in space.
89	2.0	What did Jada Plinkett Smith say when she found her grandmother’s antique comb. “I’ll never part with it.”
393	3.0	"What did the dinosaur say when it saw the meteor? ""Well, oil be!"""
154	3.0	Why did Russia choose “Z” as their pro-war logo? Because everyone who doesn’t agree with Putin is a “not-Z”!
673	3.0	Have you ever had sex on a boat? It rocks.
417	4.0	A physicist, journalist and author are all standing at the gates of heaven The physicist was bragging and said I got a Nobel prize.  The author says I got a Pulitzer Prize.   the journalist says pfft that’s nothing I got the highest achievement any journalist can hope for getting killed by the CIA.
299	2.0	They say women are more attached to their hair than men… Not the case with Will Smith’s wife though.
726	4.0	[deleted]
199	0.0	Why don't Americans call inordinately powerful and corrupt people oligarchs? Habits are hard to break, and we've always called them congresspeople.
510	3.0	What the common thing between an impatient waiter and a gay man They both say “just give me the tip already!”
39	1.0	"[Long] A guy and his monkey walk into a bar The monkey jumps on the counter and gobbles up a bowl of peanuts.  The bartender asked the guy, ""Did you see what your monkey just did?""  The guy replied, ""Yeah, he does that all the time. He's always hungry. I'll pay for the peanuts"", and hands the bartender a buck. The bartender clinks a couple of pennies as change onto the counter, which the monkey promptly grabs and swallows.  The guy said, ""Oh he eats random things all the time"".  As if on cue, the monkey jumps onto the pool table and stuffs the cue ball down his throat. Sighing, the man brings out his wallet.  The next week, the man and his monkey go back to the bar. This time, the monkey sees cherries on the counter. He grabs one, rams it up his buttcrack, removes it and eats it.  Disgusted, the bartender asks the guy, ""Did you see what your monkey just did?""  The guy says, ""Yeah, ever since he had to shit out that cue ball he ate last time, he'll be darned if he doesn't measure everything first""."
206	0.0	"A businessman was flying on a plane surrounded by hundreds of kids. A lady went and sat down next to him. ""Are these all your kids?"", she asked.  The man replied, ""No. I work at a condom factory, and these are all the complaints."""
530	3.0	Why was the bread acting clingy? Because it kneaded attention
943	2.0	"a joke thats originally in arabic, but I think translates well. 3 men are smoking weed when the cops show up. Panicked, one hides undrneath a car, the other climbs up a telephone pole, and the last hides under a donkey.  The cops find the first guy and ask him if he was smoking weed, and he replies ""im just a mechanic, and havent smoked a day in my life"" so the cops leave him be  Later, the cops find the second guy, and ask if he was smoking weed, and he says ""im just an electrician, and ive never smoked a day in my life"" so the cops leave him be  After a while, the cops find the third man, still hiding under the donkey, and ask him if he was smoking weed, and the guy replies ""how could I have ever smoked, ive jist been born!"""
446	4.0	First time horseback riding. I almost died! I had a friend ask if I wanted to go horseback riding. I've  never been so I said yes!  I got on the back of this horse and it turns out when you are on the back of a horse it feels like you are going faster than if you were in a car.   Me and this horse started going and It felt like I was going 10-15 miles an hour and I started slipping.   The horse sped up and it felt like I was going 30-50 miles an hour and I started slipping more.   I looked down at the ground as I was slipping and I said to my self.   If I jump I'm dead! And if I stay on this horse....I'm dead!   And thank God the manager of Walmart came out there and unplugged that thing. Or I don't know what would have happened. lol
482	3.0	What do programmers do when they're hungry? They grab a byte of C food
525	2.0	Why is Will Smith's music suddenly so popular? Now it slaps.
768	3.0	I have another one that I got from a redditor.  What do you call a dog with no hind legs?  Dragon Balls.
635	0.0	My opinion is like a tower. If you get me high, I can be swayed.
267	2.0	Why was Chris Rock surprised when Will Smith slapped him? He thought one of Jada’s other boyfriends would have done it.
370	1.0	"The Pope contracts a rare terminal illness. The best specialists were quietly called in from around the world for consultation. After much debate and research, they determined that the only hope to save the Pope's life was for him to have sexual relations with a woman. His advisors were notified and they in turn spoke in confidence with the pope. The Pope informs them that he needs a day to pray about it.  The next day the Pope summons his advisors and has the room sealed.  ""My sons, after much prayerful consideration I have an answer. I have decided that you shall arrange for this most unusual treatment to preserve my life, for the good of the church, but on three conditions"". ""What are the conditions, Your Holiness?""  ""First, the woman that you choose must be blind. For if she sees that she is with the pope, she may either get sense of self-importance as the only woman to ever bed a pope, or she may lose her faith in the sanctity of my station. She must be blind"".  ""It will be so, what about the next condition?""  ""For the same reason, she must also be deaf. While I try to be a righteous man, I am a man and as such I may cry out in pleasure during the act. She must not know that she is with the pope, so she must be deaf"".  ""Very wise, it will be done. What is the third condition?""  ""Big tits""."
915	4.0	"A guy goes into a job interview... And the interviewer is asking him the standard questions. The interviewer says ""you've got a 4 year gap in your resume since your last job. Can you detail that for me?"" The guy says ""sure! I went to Yale for 4 years."" The interviewer says ""remarkable! You're hired!"" The guy replies,  ""Oh thank goodness! I really need this yob."""
678	0.0	"A man was listening to a speech The Candidate giving the speech said, ""And if you elect me, I promise to solve all of these problems immediately!""  ""Wait!"" cried the man. ""How do we even know it's in your control? And how do we know if the problems can be solved immediately?""  The candidate laughed. ""Truth only matters for objects, son. When listening to each other, people measure confidence!""  The man was stunned and went home immediately.  ""Wife, I just learned a terrible truth and it's destroyed my worldview! Can you make me feel better?""  His wife smiled and gave him a hug. ""I love you,"" she said confidently."
837	2.0	"Descartes walks into a bar and orders a beer. He drinks it.  The bartender asks ""would you like another?""  Descartes replies ""I think not"" and promptly disappears.. "
967	3.0	How’s the weather today? *will smith slap* °C
559	0.0	Steve with 25 inch Long penis to God : I can’t live with this long penis.  God : Go to that Lake, You will find a Female Frog. Ask her to marry you, she’ll say No & you will Lose 5 inch.  Steve Went & asked the Frog : will you marry me?  Frog : No  He Lost 5 inches.  He thought 20 inch is still Long.  So he asked again : will you marry Me?  Frog : No  He Lost 5 inches More.  He thought 15 inch is Great,  But 10 inches is Ideal  So Steve asked again : will you marry me?  Frog : How many times do I have to tell u? NO! NO! NO!
842	1.0	"A Journalist walks into a bar and sees a Russian, a Polish man, and an Israeli.  He walks up to the Polish man and says:  ""Excuse me, whats your opinion on the potato famine?""  The Polish man replies, ""Whats a potato?""  So then the man walks up to the Russian and says:  ""Excuse me, whats your opinion on the potato famine?""  The Russian man replies, ""Whats an opinion?""  So finally the man walks up to the Israeli and says:  ""Excuse me, whats your opinion on the potato famine?""  The Israeli replies, ""Whats excuse me?"""
568	3.0	Yesterday i got stuck in a penis... It really pissed me off.
293	4.0	this one's for UA - keep on fighting the good fight! A joke we had in Poland, dating from the times of soviet occupation (post WWII).  &#x200B;  A border. A Polish patrol found a cow standing right on the border line, half of the cow in Poland, half on the Russian land. A Russian patrol suddenly appears and they go:  \- Davay palyaki, we split the cow fraternally, like brothers, aaa?  \- Naaaah, we'd rather just go 50/50.  &#x200B;  Slava Ukraini! The victory will be yours!
878	4.0	A man and a Woman were approaching their 50th wedding anniversary. To celebrate, the woman decided she would cook a big dinner for her husband.    Then he said they should do what they did on their wedding night, and eat at the dinner table naked. The woman agreed.   On their anniversary night, at the table,    the woman says: “Honey, my nipples are as hot for you as they were 50 years ago.”   The man replies, “Marge, hon,  that's because they are sitting in your soup.”
109	0.0	"The House is Haunted! &#x200B;  Kid: ""Mom, Our maid said that there are ghosts in our house and we need to leave!""  &#x200B;  Mom: ""Ok, i'll tell your father right away!""  &#x200B;  \*Few Minutes Later\*  &#x200B;  Mom: ""Honey, we need to leave this house. our kid says it's haunted!""  &#x200B;  Dad: ""God dammit, Mary!""  &#x200B;  Mom: ""What's the matter?""  &#x200B;  Dad: ""We don't have a child!"""
148	3.0	What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummybear!
99	3.0	I noticed the cleaning lady at my place does her job better if there’s heavy metal music playing Every time she walks in I put on some Iron Maid then
381	3.0	What’s the difference between being in a sexual relationship with your sister and your sister being in a sexual relationship with you? Nothing, it’s all fucking relative.
345	2.0	"A dog goes to send a telegram   A dog goes into a telegraph office, takes a blank form, and writes: “Woof Woof. Woof Woof Woof. Woof Woof Woof Woof.”   The clerk examines the paper and politely tells the dog: ""There are only nine words here. You could send another ‘Woof’ for the same price.""  The dog looks confused and replies, ""But that would make no sense at all.""  Edit: Found this joke in an old notebook. I wonder how many redditors know what telegrams were."
134	0.0	What do you call Sex on the Beach without alcohol? Awkward.
544	0.0	Today I saved a girl from sexual harrassment. Thanks to my self control.
244	4.0	"Husband and wife decide to make a password for sex... ... they decide on a 'washing machine'.  Later in bed, that night husband says, ""Washing machine.""  Wife replies, ""Not tonight darling I have a sore head.""  Half an hour passes and she feels guilty so she says, ""Washing machine.""  Husband replies,   ""Too late, it was only a small load so I decided to do it by hand."""
135	3.0	What did the upset fisherman say when the fish fought him hard and got away! I'm feeling some reel pain right now.
590	3.0	Haven’t heard from Chamillionaire in a while… He probably got tired of the game after making few million and decided to blend into society.
158	3.0	Hilaria Baldwin Expecting Seventh Child I guess that it's fair to say Alec isn't shooting any blanks!
459	2.0	How are Jaden Smith and Bart the cartoon character similar? They are both Simpsons (simp’s sons).
368	0.0	I was drunk at a club last night Saw this gorgeous girl dancing with her friends, and full of drink and bravado I managed to stumble up to her and said, “Duck my sick”  She laughed at me and said, “I think you mean ‘suck my dick’”  I then threw up all over her and said, “Nope”
838	3.0	What do you get when you cross a brown cow and a brown chicken?  -Brow-chika-brow-cow!
884	2.0	Have you heard the conspiracy about duvet manufacturers? They're involved in a big cover up.
366	4.0	"A cop just knocked on my door...  ...and tells me that a couple of dogs have been spotted chasing some kids around the neighborhood on bikes. He then asked if my dogs had been loose at all today, to see if it could have been them. I told him, ""Sir, my dogs don't even know how to ride bikes."""
405	4.0	If you get RSV and you pee Does that mean you're gonna come?
946	2.0	Will Smith hasn't dropped a bomb on Chris Rock like this since After Earth
425	0.0	USA is #1…. That’s its  country code when dialing internationally.
927	1.0	"Blonde to her husband: "" I'm having pain in my chest"" Husband ""Then show it to a doctor without any delay""  Blonde ""Ok""  She comes home after a few hours.  Husband ""What did the doctor say?""  Blonde : He said 'WOW'!!!"
911	3.0	Make sure to pay your exorcist in full... so you don't get re-possessed.
865	1.0	What kind of food does United Airlines serve? Chinese takeout.
941	4.0	Did you know that roughly 90% of people are actually perfect? >!The rest are left handed.!<
50	0.0	Today I saved a girl from sexual harrassment. Thanks to my self control.
343	3.0	Did you hear about the guy who raped the ATM? He came into a lot of money
186	0.0	First time horseback riding. I almost died! I had a friend ask if I wanted to go horseback riding. I've  never been so I said yes!  I got on the back of this horse and it turns out when you are on the back of a horse it feels like you are going faster than if you were in a car.   Me and this horse started going and It felt like I was going 10-15 miles an hour and I started slipping.   The horse sped up and it felt like I was going 30-50 miles an hour and I started slipping more.   I looked down at the ground as I was slipping and I said to my self.   If I jump I'm dead! And if I stay on this horse....I'm dead!   And thank God the manager of Walmart came out there and unplugged that thing. Or I don't know what would have happened. lol
815	0.0	Why did Sally fall off the swing?  because she didn't have any arms.   knock knock.   who's there.   not Sally.
784	3.0	why do seagulls fly over the sea?  Because if they flew over the bay they would be bagels
529	3.0	I figured out why orgies were so popular in ancient Rome. For starters, you need four people to LXIX.
184	0.0	"""I will avenge my brother!"" Archer: ""You have my bow""  Warrior: ""And my blade""  Necromancer: ""And your brother""  (Possibly a repost, can't remember where I heard this one)"
642	0.0	What musician slaps the hardest? Seal!  Wait, what?
478	1.0	"I was taking a break at work when I got a weird text from my wife... ""HoneyIcan'tusethespacebaronmyphoneandnowallmytextslooklikethis!Pleasegivemeanalternative!""  I rushed home as fast as I could, but what's a ternative?"
338	3.0	What is it called when a square is treated respectfully? Equal rights.
254	4.0	My daughter felt really grown up watching Turning Red. It was her first period film.
817	2.0	I wanna make a boy band where all the members are bi sexual and call it both directions.
285	0.0	"A blind man walks into a bar with his guide dog.  Without saying a word, the man takes the leash of his dog and swings the dog above his head in a circle like a lasso.  After a short time, the barman finally asks ""what are you doing?!""  Thereupon the blind man says: Oh, I just wanted to take a look around."
677	3.0	What would the Prince of Persia say to Joe Biden after his morning workout? I ran.
777	4.0	[deleted]
829	0.0	Mine isn't funny but I still tell it every time. What does Zeus wear under his clothes? THUNDERWEAR!
550	3.0	3 people having sex is called a threesome, 4 people having sex is called a foursome. I guess that's why they describe men as... handsome.
875	3.0	"So I was visiting my friend in Mexico the other day... And while I was there, he told me about the ""Dia"", the local cryptid. It's like a cousin of the Chupacabra, will eat all your livestock and the only way to prevent it is to leave a food offering. So my friend then took me to the town hall, and I noticed in one of those ""break in emergency"" glasses was a tortilla with cheese. I turned to my friend and asked ""Why do you have a burrito in that glass?""  My friend responded, ""It's not a burrito, but we keep it in case a Dia (Quesadilla)"
824	0.0	Knock knock  Who's there?  Cargo  Cargo who?  Cargo beep beep
982	4.0	My mom always says I was a shooting star (NSFL) I didn’t think that meant 10 years later I would have shoot her. (Still working on the star part)
179	3.0	So what if I sell feet pics on the side? So shoe me
749	4.0	[deleted]
226	2.0	Hans Zimmer has won the Oscar for best original score tonight beating Encanto. Manuel Maranda is consoling himself saying “We don’t talk about Dune no-no-no…”
928	0.0	Doctor, Doctor, doctor! I feel funny today. What should I do? Go post on r/jokes
0	2.0	Hey, I just realized that a Stevie Wonder x CeeLo Green Collab would be awesome! I can see it now:  I just called  To say  F*ck yooooouuuuuuu
633	0.0	what's brown and sticky?   A stick.
357	0.0	What did the male dog say to the female dog who was standing in his way? Absolutely nothing since dogs cannot use words the way humans do.
257	4.0	"A cop pulls over an old lady for speeding on a highway. He asks for her driver's license and registration. When she opens her wallet, he notices a conceal-carry permit.  He asks, “Ma’am, do you have a weapon in your possession at this time?”  She responds ""I'll bet you $100 you can't guess the answer to that question"" as she slaps a crisp bill on her dashboard.  The cop rubs his chin and thinks for a moment and then says "" OK lady, I'll take that bet."" He guesses that she has a .38 Special in her purse. And a .45 in her glove box. And a 9mm Glock in the center console. And a shotgun in the trunk.  “However did you guess that young man?"" The old lady says grasping her pearls.  ""You see ma'am,"" the cop said snatching up the hundred-dollar bill, ""This is Reddit. After I read about you on the tenth repost, I knew I'd find you soon enough."""
223	4.0	"A parliamentarian is showering when suddenly they cry out... Their spouse, understandably worried, comes rushing into the bathroom to see what's wrong. Naked and covered in soap the parliamentarian sobs, ""The ayes have it."""
493	4.0	I can't explain it, but I think the guy I just met is a ska fan. At least, that's the impression that I get.
537	3.0	Why did the fish cross the ocean? To get to the other tide.
410	2.0	What's the difference between a joke and another man's dick? Will wishes his wife would take a joke......
695	2.0	Why did Will Smith use an open hand while hitting Chris Rock? Cause paper beats rock.
69	0.0	"I was on a train and this woman opposite looked at me and said, ""Everytime you smile, I feel like inviting you to my place...."" I asked, ""Are you single?""  She replied, ""No, I am a dentist."""
972	1.0	Why did the frog get arrested? He was found to be in possession of tadpole porn
906	1.0	At Saturdays last ever Genesis concert, I thought Phil Collins must have Alzheimers He kept singing “Take me, Take me home again, … I cant remember”  (Oops joking on a medical condition - Slapped Will I ?)
6	3.0	I asked my wife when did she get her CDL (Commerical Drivers License)? She said she didn’t get one... I told her she needed one to carry that dump truck around!  (I’m meeting my divorce lawyer later this week)
660	0.0	One day, I showed my art teacher an artwork of mine and asked her, “Do you think I can have a career in art?” She looked at my artwork for a few minutes. To my delight, she told me, “Well… You have potential as a drawer.”
666	3.0	Say it with flowers... Give her a triffid.
55	1.0	"Doctor walks into a restaurant to try some new dishes ""Hello, what do you like to have today?"" Asked the waitress  ""Just give anything"" said the doctor.  The waitress brings out a double cheese burger with fries.   The doctor took a bite and dislikes it.  ""The burger is full of grease, too much fat and fries are just extra carbs in my diet. I don't want it"" the doctor complained.  The waitress brings the dish back and asked the cook to make something healthier  The waitress brings out a roast beef sandwich with soda.   The doctor took a bite and dislikes it.  ""Too much calories on that sandwich and too much sugar in that soda. I don't want it"" the doctor complained.  The waitress brings the dish back and asked the cook to make something healthier.  The infuriated cook had enough, so he just steam some broccoli and cums on it.  The waitress brings out the steam broccoli   The doctor took a bite and he loves it!  ""I just love how healthy the dish is. I like how I am getting a lot of fiber and vitamins from the broccoli. The white sauce on top makes this dish even tastier. Tastes like my father's recipe."""
700	1.0	A blind man walks into a bar. And a table. And a chair.
380	4.0	"Stewardess: ""Are there any doctors among our passengers?"" A man stood up and followed the stewardess.  ··· After several minutes.   Stewardess: ""Are there any pilots among our passengers?"""
350	4.0	Witches have gathered in Moscow to support the Russian president in his war on Ukraine. (actual news ) Putin: WTF???? Dmitry: That's what you asked! Putin: BITCHES!!!! I asked for -B-ITCHES
631	1.0	How do you stop a Mormon from drinking all your beer? Invite a second Mormon.
62	1.0	How can you tell if a man is gay? He gets a hard on when I fuck him in the ass
215	1.0	Life Life is like trying to piss in a sink full of dishes. You're not sure how it's gonna go but you're pretty sure its gonna be a mess.
534	3.0	Why did all the ladies love Jesus? (picture me standing with feet crossed and arms outstretched)  Because he was hung like this.
182	3.0	My kid's doing his masters' thesis on ancient Egypt plumbing design He's a Pharaoh faucet major
487	1.0	Whats the difference between prostitutes and mosquitos ? Prostitutes suck you for a living.   Mosquitoes suck you  to live.   Mosquitoes don’t suck you dry…  Prostitutes ARE paid for their bites.   You can’t have multiple Prostitutes sucking your cock the same time…but can have multiple mosquitoes sucking your blood at the sane time..  Be kind English is not my first language..
653	3.0	"I was at a beekeeper beauty pageant the other day. Their slogan was ""beauty is in the eye of the bee-holder."""
742	1.0	What do you call the little Irish man that lives on your porch?  Patty O'Furniture
360	0.0	"The House is Haunted! &#x200B;  Kid: ""Mom, Our maid said that there are ghosts in our house and we need to leave!""  &#x200B;  Mom: ""Ok, i'll tell your father right away!""  &#x200B;  \*Few Minutes Later\*  &#x200B;  Mom: ""Honey, we need to leave this house. our kid says it's haunted!""  &#x200B;  Dad: ""God dammit, Mary!""  &#x200B;  Mom: ""What's the matter?""  &#x200B;  Dad: ""We don't have a child!"""
876	1.0	"A husband comes home to his wife after being fired from the pickle factory... His wife asks him ""So what happened?""  The husband explains ""I often get bored at work and today my mind was wandering and I thought to myself 'what would happen if I stuck my penis inside the pickle slicer?'""  The wife is clearly blind-sided by this confession and doesn't know what to say next. Eventually she says to him ""That was an incredibly stupid and unsafe thing to do but at least you're all in one piece.""  The husband appreciates his wife's response and says ""I suppose you're right.""  To lighten the mood the wife asks cheerfully ""So what happened to the pickle slicer?""  The husband takes a moment and says ""Oh, she was fired too."""
139	3.0	I found a ghost in my napkin Yesseroo there was a little boogie
708	1.0	"I usually go with ""what's the difference between an Irish funeral and an Irish wedding?"" One less drunk"
451	1.0	It’s true what they say about fruit being good for constipation… I got my phone repair bill from Apple and literally did shit myself.
75	0.0	Metric system is so hard to use Like how can I know kilo of meters means 1000 meters?   I like the american system more because it uses common easy to understand units. In stead of kilometer, I`m lucky we use school shootings by mac donalds in a district measurements.
145	0.0	"Stewardess: ""Are there any doctors among our passengers?"" A man stood up and followed the stewardess.  ··· After several minutes.   Stewardess: ""Are there any pilots among our passengers?"""
419	1.0	Dirty Johnny is in sex education class The lesson of the day was how boys and men have a penis and girls and women have a vagina. So dirty Johnny raises his hand and the teacher says yes Johnny?  Johnny then says to the teacher that's not right because his dad has 2 penises. The teacher says that's not possible. But Johnny says it is because when his dad pees he uses the small penis and when he brushes the babysitters teeth he uses the big penis!
699	0.0	"What's on the menu?  A guy walks into a bar, takes a seat and looks over the menu. ""What'll it be?"" the bartender asks. ""I'll have the Chameleon,"" the guy replies. ""Um, that's not on the menu,"" the bartender says. ""How can you be sure?"" the guy asks."
706	0.0	Why did the scarecrow get a promotion? He was outstanding in his field.
124	1.0	New Movie Guys I just had the most brilliant idea for a movie  &#x200B;  God gets pissed that humans keep killing each other so he causes all weapons to disappear   &#x200B;  But then He instructs an assassin to take out a crime lord who is still causing violence   &#x200B;  But there are no weapons  &#x200B;  There’d be great fistfights, brutal combat. A brilliant action movie!  &#x200B;  I think I would call it “The Hand Job”
15	1.0	An interview with an old man . An 80 years old man had an interview with the local TV channel and they told him : old man can you tell us about a happy memory from your youth ?   Old man : one time my donkey got lost and all the village went out to search for and when we found it we were so happy we all fucked it .  Journalist : We can't share this story on Tv can you please give us another story ?  Old man : Okay no problem , one time the goat of my neighboor got lost and all the village went out to search for it and when we found it we were so happy we all fucked it .  Journalist : Listen old man these stories are too shocking for us to put them on tv .Can you share a story without any animal please ?  the old man scratches his head and think for a moment then says : one time our neighboor maria got lost and all the village went out to search for her and when we found her we were so happy we all fucked her .  The journalist visibly annoyed by the old man stories shout : Old man can you tell us a sad story from your youth ?   The old man sighs and his eyes are watery and says : one time I got lost ....
883	2.0	"What Chris Rock should've said after the reaction to his joke: He should've continued after the slap, ""I have other jokes I could've made but I thought it'd be best to wait til August. Everyone knows August is a much more fun time..."""
474	3.0	What do you do If you encounter a bear If It's brown, lie down.  If It's black, fight back.  If It's white, say goodnight  If It's black and white, you kung fu fight.
630	3.0	A man announced that he had well grown weed and wanted it all gone before selling the place Many showed up in earnest only to leave in disappointment when they learned it was the garden variety
412	0.0	A New Machine The doctor asked the expectant father to try out a machine he had invented that transferred labour pains from the mother to the father. Billy agreed and the machine was set up. But although it was set to its highest setting, Billy felt not a twinge.  Later that day he went home to pick up a few items his wife wanted and discovered the milkman lying on his door step groaning in pain.
97	3.0	Have you heard the conspiracy about duvet manufacturers? They're involved in a big cover up.
973	2.0	TIL about alopecia. And how to clap with one hand.
394	1.0	A hobbit breaks into the local zoo He has sex with a Panda.  What do you call the baby?  Half Ling Ling.
497	4.0	"A man boards a plane with his 6 kids. After they sit down, a woman sitting across the aisle leans over and asks ""Are these your kids?"" The man replies, saying ""No. I work for a condom company. These are all just my customer complaints."""
127	0.0	A Welshman is visiting New Zealand and finds a sheep farm He sees some sheep in the field and hops the fence. As he walks up to one of the sheep, he sees the farmer walking up.  While slapping the butt of one of the sheep, he asks the farmer what the locals think of a little romance with the animals?  The farmer looks at him disgusted and says: “Listen, we don’t care what you do in your own home, but we don’t  condone hitting on our wives.”
142	0.0	My vegan girlfriend dumped me. The other day I bit into a vegan sandwich and cried. Not because I missed her but because it was vegan.
151	1.0	My English teacher told me i should start using semicolons I told her i should ask the truck for consent first.
869	2.0	You're stretching your credibility pretty thin... Thinner than Jada Smith's hair follicles!
209	0.0	A man and a Woman were approaching their 50th wedding anniversary. To celebrate, the woman decided she would cook a big dinner for her husband.    Then he said they should do what they did on their wedding night, and eat at the dinner table naked. The woman agreed.   On their anniversary night, at the table,    the woman says: “Honey, my nipples are as hot for you as they were 50 years ago.”   The man replies, “Marge, hon,  that's because they are sitting in your soup.”
613	3.0	My chiropractor said he couldn't decide which vertebrae to crack. Guess he had a bone to pick with me.
307	4.0	what were the three rejected names for condoms The jizz mittens,cum kuisi,and the kidnappers
454	3.0	"They say correlation does not imply causation But have you noticed how often sentences with the word ""correlation"" also have the word ""causation""? I think there’s a link here"
61	2.0	Oscars “If I see one more post about the incident at the Oscars last night, I’m going to slap someone!”
108	0.0	Sex and depression are similar if you think about it... Parents don't realize their teenagers are having it.  ^(copied from) r/Showerthoughts
527	0.0	"A hard working man puts in overtime all week and is so tired all he wants to do for the weekend is sleep. He comes home friday and plops down on the couch and starts to doze off. His wife comes in, nudges him and says, ""Honey my car won't start, will you take a look at it ?"" The husband says, ""Who do I look like, Mr. Goodwrench ? Take my truck.""   He's sound asleep Saturday morning when his wife comes in and wakes him up. ""Honey the dishwasher won't start. Can you take a look at it ?"" The husband is a little upset due to being woke up on his day off. He says to her, "" Who do I look like, the Maytag Man ?""   Sunday the husband is laying on the couch watching football when his wife yells from the kitchen, ""Honey are you ever gonna paint these kitchen cabinets?"" The husband yelled back, "" Who do I look like Sherwin Williams ?""   The next day he comes home from work and sees the car has been moved. He walks into the kitchen and notices the dishwasher is running and the cabinets have been painted. His wife walks in so he asks her "" Who did all this work around here ?"" His wife answers ""It was Bob from across the street."" The husband says, That lazy son of a bitch ! How much did he charge us ? "" The wife answered, ""Not a dime. He said I could either bake him a cake or give him a blowjob."" The husband laughed and asked her, What kind of cake did you bake ?"" The wife replied, "" Who do I look like, Betty Crocker ?"""
318	3.0	Well, after spending all day worrying about a food shortage at the annual spoonerism contest... it turns out it was just a lack of pies!
495	0.0	You know how the birds make an arrow in the sky. Want to know why one sides longer? There’s more birds on that side.
825	2.0	How do you know if someone's a vegan?  They'll tell you.
166	0.0	My wife told me she'll slam my head on the keyboard if I don't get off the computer.  I'm not too worried, I think she's jokinlkjhfakljn .
377	4.0	For my cake day, I'd like to share my favorite joke. Three guys were walking down the street.  Two of them walked into a bar.  The third guy ducked.
422	4.0	"I Screwed Your Mom  A young guy is sitting at the bar when an old drunk stumbles in, sits down next to him, and says, ""I just screwed your mom."" The young guy ignores him, but a few minutes later the old drunk leans over again and says, ""Your mom is the best screw I've ever had."" The young guy ignores him again, so the old drunk leans over and says, ""Your mom's ass is so tight, I-"" at which point the young man stood up and yelled, ""GO HOME DAD, YOU'RE DRUNK."""
907	2.0	Who is hosting next year’s Oscars? Jerry Springer.
195	0.0	A 90 year old man was being interviewed on the secret to long life The TV cameras were rolling as he was explaining that his secret to long life was to never drink or chase loose women, when the back bedroom door opened and a barely dressed young woman ran out and grabbed an ice tray from the fridge.   A bellow from the back room came, “Woman, get back here!”  The woman giggled and said, “Coming, big boy” and nodded at the cameras as she disappeared back into the bedroom.    “Who is that?”, asked the newsman.   “Oh that’s dad, drunk as usual.”
924	4.0	"- Dad, today there will be a small parents meeting at school.  \- Dad, today there will be  a small parents meeting at school.    \- What do you mean by ""small meeting"" ?   \- Well.... You, me and the principal."
948	4.0	What separates bad jokes from dad jokes? Condoms.
654	3.0	Is it possible to join gamblers anonymous for carnival games? I just lost it all at the ring toss.
870	2.0	Did you hear what happened to Will Smith after he hit Chris Rock His mom got scared and sent him to live with his aunt and uncle in Bel Air
781	2.0	A man goes to the doctor for the second time and asks  'doc, what was it? Leo, Aquarius..' To which the doctor interrupts 'CANCER, you have CANCER'
539	3.0	I just saw a car driven by a sheep in a swimsuit... It was a lamb bikini.
652	0.0	"Veronica’s husband died young and left his vast coconut estate to her. Veronica was a very good-looking woman and determined to keep the properties, but knew very little about coconut farming, so she spread the word that she needed someone to look after the estate.  Two men applied for the job. One was the local drunk handyman, Sebastio, and the other was Benedict who was gay.  Veronica thought long and hard about it, and when no one else applied for the job she decided to hire Benedict, figuring it would be safer to have a gay around the house than a drunk.  Benedict proved to be a hard worker who put in long hours every day and knew a lot about caring for coconut trees. For weeks, the two of them worked side by side, and the coconut plantation was soon flourishing.  Then one Saturday the widow Veronica said to Benedict, ""You have done a really good job, and the farm and the coconut trees look great. You should take a break and go out and have a good time. Maybe watch a movie or go for a dance. Here's some money. Have a blast!""  Benedict readily agreed and went into town that Saturday night.  One o'clock came and no Benedict  Two o'clock and no Benedict.  Finally Benedict returned around two-thirty in the morning, and upon entering the room, he found the widow Veronica sitting in the candlelit hall with a glass of wine, waiting for him.  She quietly called him over to her.  'Unbutton my blouse and take it off,' she said.  Trembling, he did as she directed..  'Now take off my shoes.'  He did as she asked, ever so slowly.  'Now take off my stockings.'  He removed each gently and placed them neatly by her boots.  ""Now take off my skirt.'  He slowly unbuttoned it, constantly watching her eyes in the candlelight.  'Now take off my bra.'  Again, with trembling hands, he did as he was told and dropped it to the floor.  Then she looked at him and said,  ‘’If you ever wear my clothes into town again, you're fired.’’"
51	2.0	What do a hooker and Little Caesars have in common? They're Hot and Ready.
321	4.0	"A guy walks into a shrinks wearing only shorts made from cling film. The shrink takes one look and says: ""I can clearly see your nuts!"""
130	0.0	How do you make a Dinosaur? Spank them on the butt.
954	2.0	"I was on a train and this woman opposite looked at me and said, ""Everytime you smile, I feel like inviting you to my place...."" I asked, ""Are you single?""  She replied, ""No, I am a dentist."""
268	2.0	What is the sound of one hand clapping? Same sound as a G.I. Jane joke apparently
733	0.0	How do you turn a duck in to a soul singer?  Put it in the microwave until it's Bill Whithers.
278	1.0	My girlfriend walked in on me having sex with her vase of flowers the other day… Turns out that’s not what she meant when she said she wanted to put her tulips around my cock
612	2.0	What did the Pharmacist do when he got into a fight with his neighbor? He spit on him twice a day for a week
476	0.0	"A man walks into his teenage son's room, catches him masturbating, and says, ""You shouldn't do that son, you'll go blind."" Son replies, ""Dad, I'm over here."""
196	0.0	"The local bar was so sure that its bartender was the strongest man around that they offered a standing $1000 bet The local bar was so sure that its bartender was the strongest man around that they offered a standing $1000 bet.  The bartender would squeeze a lemon until all the juice ran into a glass, and hand the lemon to a patron. Anyone who could squeeze one more drop of juice out would win the money.  Many people had tried over time (weight-lifters, longshoremen, etc.) but nobody could do it.  One day this scrawny little man came into the bar, wearing thick glasses and a polyester suit, and said in a tiny squeaky voice.  ""I'd like to try the bet."" After the laughter had died down, the bartender said OK, grabbed a lemon, and squeezed away.  Then he handed the wrinkled remains of the rind to the little man.  But the crowd's laughter turned to total silence as the man clenched his fist around the lemon and six drops fell into the glass.  As the crowd cheered, the bartender paid the $1000, and asked the little man.  ""What do you do for a living? Are you a lumberjack, a weight-lifter, what?""  The man replied, ""I work for the IRS."""
178	3.0	"A cop just knocked on my door...  ...and tells me that a couple of dogs have been spotted chasing some kids around the neighborhood on bikes. He then asked if my dogs had been loose at all today, to see if it could have been them. I told him, ""Sir, my dogs don't even know how to ride bikes."""
326	0.0	"The Pope has to go to a hospital to bless the terminally ill. This time though, he decided he wants to drive the popemobile by himself and makes his chauffeur sit in the back. As soon as the engine starts, the Pope starts going so fast that the engine can barely keep up, without caring about the fact he's way past the speed limit. The chauffeur in the back, scared, says to the Pope: ""Perhaps Your Holiness should go a little slower."" The Pope doesn't seem to hear this and goes even faster. The chauffeur gets more scared and says: ""Please, Your Holiness, go slower!"" The Pope doesn't seem to hear this and goes even faster. The chauffeur, scared for his life, screams: ""For God's sake, please stop!"" Finally, the Pope stops and pulls up to the side of the road. A policeman comes up to them, opens the driver's window and sees the Pope. He goes back to his car and calls the Sheriff. ""Listen, Sheriff, we've got a very important person here and I don't know what to do."" ""Is it a governor?"" ""No, even more important"" ""Is it a senator?"" ""No, even more important"" ""Is it the President?"" ""No, even more important"" ""If he's more important than the President, who is this guy?"" ""Well I don't know, Sheriff, but the Pope is his chauffeur"""
201	0.0	How can you walk out of a casino with a small fortune? You walk in with a bigger one
640	4.0	"I went to visit my grandad in the nursing home He was sitting with a gorgeous nurse on either side of him. While we were talking he started leaning to the right and it looked like he'd fall, but the nurse on that side pushed him upright. A little later he leaned to the other side like he was going to fall, but the nurse on that side pushed him upright. Then, he started to lean forward like he'd fall right on his face, but both nurses locked arms around him and pulled him up   I said ""Gee grandpa, they really look after you here don't they?""  He replied ""Yeah, but they won't let me fart."""
401	4.0	What do you call a paved psychopath? A psychoroad.
960	2.0	Safe to say 2022 is the year of comedians. Whether at wars or at award shows.
291	3.0	Why do Spanish women have such a hard time finding young, fit guys? All the men are señors
757	0.0	What do you do if you're attacked by a gang of carnies? Go for the juggler.
648	0.0	A man was seated next to a kid in an airplane The man felt bored so he decided to talk to the kid. So he turned to him and asked “How about we talk for a bit?”  Then the kid replied “ok so what do we talk about”  The man (clearly wanting to make fun of the kid) replies “How about nuclear power?”  The kid then catches on to the man’s intention of making fun of him and replies “What an interesting topic, but let me ask you a question…. A horse, a cow, and a deer all eat grass. Yet the deer excretes pellets, the cow excretes flat potty, and the horse excretes clumps. Do you know why?  The man (clearly confused) replies “I don’t know”  The kid then replies “do you really think you’re qualified enough to discuss nuclear issues when you don’t know shit!”
452	4.0	How did Will Smith find out Jada was cheating on him? She kept telling him she was going to the hair salon
79	2.0	What do Pink Floyd and Princess Diana have in common? Their last hit was the wall.
455	4.0	"[Long] A guy and his monkey walk into a bar The monkey jumps on the counter and gobbles up a bowl of peanuts.  The bartender asked the guy, ""Did you see what your monkey just did?""  The guy replied, ""Yeah, he does that all the time. He's always hungry. I'll pay for the peanuts"", and hands the bartender a buck. The bartender clinks a couple of pennies as change onto the counter, which the monkey promptly grabs and swallows.  The guy said, ""Oh he eats random things all the time"".  As if on cue, the monkey jumps onto the pool table and stuffs the cue ball down his throat. Sighing, the man brings out his wallet.  The next week, the man and his monkey go back to the bar. This time, the monkey sees cherries on the counter. He grabs one, rams it up his buttcrack, removes it and eats it.  Disgusted, the bartender asks the guy, ""Did you see what your monkey just did?""  The guy says, ""Yeah, ever since he had to shit out that cue ball he ate last time, he'll be darned if he doesn't measure everything first""."
193	0.0	"I Screwed Your Mom  A young guy is sitting at the bar when an old drunk stumbles in, sits down next to him, and says, ""I just screwed your mom."" The young guy ignores him, but a few minutes later the old drunk leans over again and says, ""Your mom is the best screw I've ever had."" The young guy ignores him again, so the old drunk leans over and says, ""Your mom's ass is so tight, I-"" at which point the young man stood up and yelled, ""GO HOME DAD, YOU'RE DRUNK."""
885	1.0	What do people in poor areas drink? Ghetto-rade
658	2.0	Why did Will Smith slap Chris at Oscars instead of punching Coz Paper beats Rock.
535	0.0	"A man had three beautiful girlfriends but didn’t know which one to marry. As a test, he decided to give each woman $5,000 to see how they would spend it. The first girlfriend went out and got herself a complete makeover, She told him, ""I spent the money so I could look pretty for you because I love you so much.""  The second went shopping and bought the man new golf clubs, an iPad and an 80-inch flatscreen television. She said,""I bought these gifts for you because I love you so much.   The third woman took the $5,000 and invested it in the stock market, doubled her investment, returned $5,000 to the man and reinvested the rest. She said,""I am investing the rest of the money for our future because I love you so much,  The man thought long and hard about how each of his girlfriends had spent the money, and then he decided to marry the one with the biggest tits."
63	3.0	If god made Eve from Adam’s rib… Does that make Eve his side chick?
43	2.0	Why will the Fresh Prince be the last of his kind? Cause he can't find an hair to the throne.
304	0.0	"John decided to go golfing in Scotland with his buddy, Keith, so they loaded up John's minivan and headed north. After driving for a few hours, they got caught in a terrible blizzard, so they pulled into a nearby farm...   ...and asked the attractive lady who answered the door, if they could spend the night.  ""I realize it's terrible weather out there and I have this huge house all to myself, but I'm recently widowed."" she explained. ""And I'm afraid the neighbors will talk if I let you stay in my house.""  ""Don't worry."" John said. ""We'll be happy to sleep in the barn and if the weather breaks, we'll be gone at first light.""  The lady agreed, and the two men found their way to the barn and settled in for the night.  Come morning, the weather had cleared, and they got on their way and enjoyed a great weekend of golf.  But about nine months later, John got an unexpected letter from an attorney.  It took him a few minutes to figure it out, but he finally determined that it was from the attorney of that attractive widow he had met on the golf weekend.  He dropped in on his friend Keith and asked, ""Keith, do you remember that good-looking widow from the farm we stayed at on our golf holiday in Scotland about 9 months ago?""  ""Yes, I do."" said Keith.  ""Did you, er, happen to get up in the middle of the night, go up to the house and pay her a visit?""  ""Well, um, yes!"" Keith said, a little embarrassed about being found out, ""I have to admit that I did.""  ""And did you happen to give her my name instead of telling her your name?""  Keith's face turned beet red and he said, ""Yeah, look, I'm sorry, buddy. I'm afraid I did. Why do you ask?""  ""Well, she just died and left me everything."""
853	1.0	"An illegal immigrant. An illegal immigrant goes to the doctor and says ""I feel terrible"" The doctor examines him and says ""you need to piss and shit into a bucket for a week, throw some dead fish and a rotting cabbage in"" Put a towel over your head and inhale the vapours for three days"" The immigrant does this and goes back to the doctor and says ""I feel wonderful, what was wrong with me? The doctor replied ""You are Homesick"""
840	3.0	What do you get when you cross a rooster with an owl?  A cock that stays up all night.
359	0.0	"Cop on horse says to little girl on bike, ""Did Santa get you that?"" ""Yes,"" replies the little girl.     ""Well tell him to put a reflector light on it next year!"" and fines her $5.     The little girl looks up at the cop and says, ""Nice horse you've got there, did Santa bring you that?""     The cop chuckles and replies, ""He sure did!""     ""Well,"" says the little girl, ""Next year tell Santa that the dick goes under the horse, not on top of it!"""
84	3.0	I just saw a car being driven by a sheep in a swimsuit. It was a lamb bikini.
929	1.0	I picked up this thing that almost instantly cured my life long habit of picking scabs. Herpes.
282	2.0	Did you see Jada Pinkett Smith’s dress at the Oscars? It was almost as long as her hair.
810	0.0	How do you fit an elephant in a refrigerator?  Open the door and put it inside  ow do you fit a giraffe in a refrigerator?  Open the door, take the elephant out, and put the giraffe inside.  A lion is holding a meeting in the jungle and all the animals have to go. When the meeting starts, one animal isn't there. Which one?  The Giraffe. He's in the refrigerator.  You come across a crocodile infested river in the jungle and have absolutely no way to cross it. There's no vines or bridges nearby. How do you cross it?  You swim, the crocodiles are at the meeting.
921	4.0	A skeleton walks into a bar And asks for a beer and a mop
152	4.0	3 months in and I’m starting to suspect my landlady… is only in it for the money.
159	3.0	What did the duck say to his drug dealer? Can I have some quack?
965	3.0	Why did the digital lizard take viagra? e-reptile dysfunction.
385	0.0	Yesterday, I bought a bottle of Whiskey and was on my way home on my motorcycle Suddenly a thought occured to me; What if my motorcycle crashes? What would I drink once I get home?   So I stoopped right then, and gulped the entire bottle down, sitting beside the road.  I'll tell you, that was one of my smartest moves. I crashed 4 times before I reached home yesterday.
81	3.0	Why was the bread acting clingy? Because it kneaded attention
188	3.0	Why did the cursor go round and round? The wizard was using the mouse.
676	0.0	Why did the chess grandmaster get a divorce? He couldn't deal with the Stalemate.
643	3.0	Another Russian general has been killed in Ukraine The Russians are not doing well, generally speaking.
745	1.0	"Two man are walking through the desert. One of them says: ""I'm so thirsty i could suck the sweat of a bulls' dick. To which the other man replies: ""Mooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!""  *(works best in an Australian accent)*"
770	2.0	"I normally go for ""Schrodinger's cat walks into a bar. And doesn't."""
786	4.0	What is a fake spaghetti strand?   An *impasta!*
437	2.0	Will Smith is horrible at delivering jokes. His punchline needs work.
140	3.0	What's the difference between a piece of Southwestern pottery and a bra? One is a Terracotta pot and the other is a paira tata cots.
334	4.0	Why don't Americans call inordinately powerful and corrupt people oligarchs? Habits are hard to break, and we've always called them congresspeople.
372	4.0	"An Evil Lesbian walks into a bar She said to the bartender, ""Hi. I'm an Evil Lesbian. Can I get a drink?""  ""Why are you an Evil Lesbian?""  ""I try to steal guy's girlfriends when I'm single, lonely, and drunk.""  ""That's not evil. That's just my regulars."""
312	3.0	I got a virus on an old DOS computer once, It was called *terminal illness*
286	2.0	Remember when Putin said he didn't have any plans to invade Ukraine? I'm starting to think he was telling the truth.
776	2.0	"There are 3 moles in a tunnel. The first one says ""I smell sugar"". The second one says ""I smell cinnamon."" The third one says ""I smell molasses"""
211	0.0	A group of people are looking through a portal to their destiny One dude sees a giant pink elephant and says “what? That can’t be my destiny”  He turns to see what the next lady’s destiny is. It’s her in a mansion with unlimited beautiful women and guns and an infinite vending machine of all her favorite drinks. The lady can be seen partying hard and loving life.  “What?” Says the dude, looking back at his destiny.  “Mine is just a pink elephant. Am I supposed to be the elephant?”  The man ventures further away from his window on to the third fourth and fifth destinies - all luxury and beauty - and in each one the person themselves was there in the portal. Partying and happy.- and he keeps going 10th 11th …  Then, perhaps 16 or 17 destinies in he spots something.   He looks closer.  “What’s this?”  “It can’t be.”  He wiped his eyes in disbelief at this one persons destiny  “He’s going to waste 5 minutes reading a Reddit joke with no punchline!”
737	1.0	A dyslexic man walks in to a bra.
727	3.0	Knock knock.  Who's there?  Woo.  Woo who.
595	3.0	If Mother's Day cocktails are Mumosas... Does that mean the Father's Day cocktail of choice would be a Dadquiri?
407	0.0	Where do suicide bombers go when they die? Over there, over there, over there, and up there
253	3.0	What do people in poor areas drink? Ghetto-rade
775	0.0	What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back? ...A stick
122	3.0	I wrote a theatre production based on my vocabulary. It was a play on words.
115	3.0	It's true. There can be a hundred people in the room and 99 won't slap you, but one Will.
374	4.0	"A joke from ""mind your language"" teacher : \[when you're sick\] you go to the doctor                Spanish student : no, no doctor, doctor killed my uncle in Madrid                  \-really ?                  \-si, my uncle, he has pain in the chest, he go see doctor, doctor he listen and say ""it's all right"", ten minutes later in the street, my uncle, poof, finito              \-what, a heart attack ?               \-\[no\] motorcar                \-I can hardly blame the doctor for that               \-si, the doctor, he was driving the motor"
571	3.0	So what if I sell feet pics on the side? So shoe me
899	2.0	It takes 135,000 slaps to cook a chicken It took Will Smith one and his goose is cooked (sorry)
450	0.0	"""Brother, why do you torture that man?"" ""Because I feel like it.""  ""But remember His message! 'Love thy neighbor as you love yourself!'""   ""But I hate myself."""
332	4.0	Relationship Status: I will now be introducing my wife as... My Roommate
844	3.0	Knock knock.  Who's there?  Impatient Cow.  Impat--MOOOO!
588	3.0	make your mind up A homeless guy goes into a jewellery shop and starts fidgeting and puts his hand down the back of his trousers.  The shopkeeper then says err, get out you dirty bugger.  The homeless guy then says make up your mind, the sign in the window says come inside and pick your ring
270	0.0	Did you hear about the stuttering escape artist who kept on getting sent to jail? He never finished his sentences
90	0.0	What’s the best way to get chewing gum out of your hair? Cancer.
3	1.0	I like my women like I like my coffee big boobs
440	3.0	I'm like a sharp knife I make men want to run their fingers along my back caressingly.
119	2.0	"A man went to see a psychiatrist He said, ""Doctor, I have a problem.  Every time I see a field, I think of the song 'The Green Green Grass of Home', and whenever I see a woman, I think of the song 'She's a Lady', and if I see a cat, I think of the song 'What's New, Pussycat'. What's wrong with me?"" The doctor said, 'It sounds like a case of Tom Jones Syndrome."" The man asked, ""Is that common?"" The doctor replied, ""It's not unusual."""
45	0.0	A rabbit goes for a run through the forest As he’s running a cones across a possum about to light up a joint. The rabbit says, “Oh no! Mr. Possum! Don’t do that! It’s so bad for you. Come running with me and stay healthy!” The possum looks at his joint and decides they the rabbit is right and he needs to get healthy. So off they go for a run.   As they continue their run the come across a deer about to snort some coke. The rabbit says, “Oh no! Ms. Deer! Don’t do that! It’s so bad for you! Come running with us and stay healthy!” Ms. Deer looks at her mirror of coke, looks at this tag tag group and decides it’s time for her to turn over a new leaf in life and might well start now. She throws away the coke and goes for a run with the rabbit and possum.   As they go running they come across a cougar about to shoot up some heroin. The rabbit says, “Oh no! Mr. Cougar! Don’t….” And the cougar hits the rabbit and off he goes flying through the air. The possum and the deer are stunned and the possum says, “Why did you do that to him?!” The cougar says, “Every time that rabbit is high on ecstasy he makes me go running with him!!”
715	2.0	"Pavlov walks into a bar. The phone rings, and he says, ""Damn, I forgot to feed the dog."""
945	4.0	Russia vs NATO A russian general goes into a coma in December 2021 ans wakes up in March 2022. His assistant is updating him on the latest development: - General, tov. Putin ordered a special operation against Ukraine, which is actually a war against NATO to establish world dominance in the next 100 years. So far we lost around 15.000 soldiers, over 5000 armored vehicles, including tanks, we lost a lot of planes, war ships and so on. - Oh my god, this is terrible, what about NATO? - NATO didn't arrive yet...
671	2.0	Hopefully Will Smith’s mom didn’t watch the Oscars. He might have to move back in with his auntie and uncle in Bel-Air.
674	3.0	Russia vs NATO A russian general goes into a coma in December 2021 ans wakes up in March 2022. His assistant is updating him on the latest development: - General, tov. Putin ordered a special operation against Ukraine, which is actually a war against NATO to establish world dominance in the next 100 years. So far we lost around 15.000 soldiers, over 5000 armored vehicles, including tanks, we lost a lot of planes, war ships and so on. - Oh my god, this is terrible, what about NATO? - NATO didn't arrive yet...
649	2.0	Hospitals in 2164 Doctor: Im sorry Mrs. Crewmate, your sussy husband has contained stage 69 ligma cancer. The only treatment is me doing your mother with her extra thick juice.   Mrs. Crewmate: Da fu-
141	3.0	What is messy coder's blood group ? Type O
819	3.0	Why is it hard to explain what a pun is to a kleptomaniac? Because they take everything literally.
793	1.0	Me and my girlfriend watched 2 films back-to-back last night... luckily I was the one facing the tv.!
429	2.0	There’s a rumor going around If you say “Jada Pinkett Smith” three times in front of a mirror, Will Smith will appear to smack you in the face.
901	4.0	Did you hear about the two peanuts walking through a bad neighborhood? One was assaulted!     I'll show myself to the door now
683	2.0	Doctor: You have a disease, but we can treat it. Patient: What’s the Cure?  Doctor: It’s an 80s rock band fronted by Robert Smith, but let’s try to stay focused...
70	2.0	How can you tell the difference between Chris Rock and Will Smith? Chris Rock can take a hit.
936	0.0	How long does it take a minotaur to make waffles? Just a minute or two!
813	2.0	If im working on something and it makes a funny sound or im fumbling around trying to get it to work, I always say 'reminds me of t the first time I had sex'... I get chuckles without fail but even when im alone I still enjoy that one liner
818	1.0	What do you call a midget, psychic, escaped-convict?  A small medium at large.
791	0.0	"""Knock knock""  ""Who's there?""  ""Cows""  ""Cows who?""  ""No they don't, cows moo!"""
957	2.0	I only have this to say about Chris Rock's joke Making fun of someone's physical feature which they have no control over is little dick energy
292	2.0	We don’t talk about Bruno And apparently Jada Smith too
213	0.0	"How to Get Regular Visits A couple of old ladies were sitting on a patio and speaking to each other about their grandchildren. ""I send gifts, greeting cards and checks to my grandchildren,"" complains one, ""and still they barely visit me!"".   The second old lady said ""Oh I too send checks to my grandchildren and they visit me all the time!""   ""You are so fortunate to have more grateful grandchildren than my own."" said the first one sadly. The second old lady smiled: ""No my grandchildren are about as grateful as yours.""   ""So what do YOU do different? Are your checks bigger than mine?"" Asked the first one, surprised. ""No,"" chuckled the other old lady, ""I just don't sign mine."""
330	0.0	"A husband and wife's last child goes off to college... The husband's friend asks him what it's like having no kids around.  ""It's awful,"" the husband says, ""my wife now treats me like one of the kids. She's started picking out my clothes. She's tries to give me baths. At the grocery store she slaps my hand any time I reach for something!""  ""That's awful! Have you ever stood up against her?""  ""Well, yeah. One time in the store I got so angry I got out of the cart and left the store."""
888	3.0	What does Enya season her Roast Potatoes with? Only Thyme
602	0.0	"Today my dad gave me a book to read Later he saw the book by the window at the 3rd page and said  ""You havent even got past the introductions yet?""  I replied  ""The wind flipped the pages, actually"""
900	3.0	Why shouldn’t you ride in an airplane with Ben Shapiro? Because he’s always trying to destroy the left wing.
835	0.0	Why did the monkey fall out of the tree?   Cause it was dead.  Why did the parrot fall out of the tree?  cause it was stapled to the monkey.
87	4.0	Reposts... r/Jokes has a search feature, input the title or punchline of your joke (before posting) and if it's been posted within the last month - please don't submit it.
651	4.0	"""Wow! It's your cake day, repost your favorite joke!"" ""No thanks. I won't be doing that today."""
428	4.0	Will Smith slapped Chris Rock pretty hard. Too bad it was staged.
202	3.0	A girl realized that she had grown hair between her legs. She got worried and asked her mom about that hair.  Her mom  calmly said, “That part where the hair has grown is called Monkey, be proud that your monkey has grown hair.” …. The girl smiled.  At dinner, she told her sister, “My monkey has grown hair.”   Her sister smiled and said, “That’s nothing, mine is already eating bananas.”
841	2.0	Did you hear the one about the gay midget?  He came out of the cupboard.
542	0.0	"The three hunters story This is a joke my grandfather used to tell. He just passed away so I thought I'd share it here.   Three friends decided to take a hunting trip. The first friend was a genius and succeeded at everything he tried. The second friend was an average Joe and got through life just fine. The third friend was just plain stupid.   On the first night of the hunting trip, the first friend says he's going to go out and try to catch dinner. The two others agree and wait for their friend to return. About an hour later he does dragging a huge elk behind him.   The two friends are astounded at the elk he brought back.   ""How'd you do it?"" Friends two and three asked together.   The first friend smirks a little and says.   ""Followed the tracks, followed the tracks, and I found the elk.""   Friends two and three compliment the first friend, dress and cook the deer, and go to bed with full bellies.   The next evening the second friend says he'll be going out to catch dinner. Friends one and three agree. Four hours pass before the second friend returns with a decent size buck. Friends one and three are impressed by the deer.   ""How'd you do it?"" They ask him.   Friend two shrugs and simply says.   ""Followed the tracks, followed the tracks, found the deer.""  The friends go to bed with full bellies yet again.   The next evening the third friend declares he will go out on the hunt for food. Friends one and two agree on this, and friend three walks into the woods with his gun. A whole night and day pass and the two friends are getting worried.   They're just about to go and find a park ranger when they hear someone approaching from the woods. Out of the foliage limps the third friend. He looks like hell, scratches, and bruises litter his body. His nose looks broken, and his leg is bent awkwardly.   The first two friends are aghast at his state. They rush over to him and help him over to the fire.   ""What happened to you?"" They both ask.   The third friend sighs heavily and slumps as he sits down.   ""I followed the tracks, I followed the tracks and I got hit by a fucking train!"""
467	2.0	So Will Smith slapped Chris Rock... Now we've Alsina-ssault.
435	4.0	The lifecycle of a male bee. Male bees die after mating.   That’s basically their life.   Honey. Nut. Cheerio.
939	4.0	"Veronica’s husband died young and left his vast coconut estate to her. Veronica was a very good-looking woman and determined to keep the properties, but knew very little about coconut farming, so she spread the word that she needed someone to look after the estate.  Two men applied for the job. One was the local drunk handyman, Sebastio, and the other was Benedict who was gay.  Veronica thought long and hard about it, and when no one else applied for the job she decided to hire Benedict, figuring it would be safer to have a gay around the house than a drunk.  Benedict proved to be a hard worker who put in long hours every day and knew a lot about caring for coconut trees. For weeks, the two of them worked side by side, and the coconut plantation was soon flourishing.  Then one Saturday the widow Veronica said to Benedict, ""You have done a really good job, and the farm and the coconut trees look great. You should take a break and go out and have a good time. Maybe watch a movie or go for a dance. Here's some money. Have a blast!""  Benedict readily agreed and went into town that Saturday night.  One o'clock came and no Benedict  Two o'clock and no Benedict.  Finally Benedict returned around two-thirty in the morning, and upon entering the room, he found the widow Veronica sitting in the candlelit hall with a glass of wine, waiting for him.  She quietly called him over to her.  'Unbutton my blouse and take it off,' she said.  Trembling, he did as she directed..  'Now take off my shoes.'  He did as she asked, ever so slowly.  'Now take off my stockings.'  He removed each gently and placed them neatly by her boots.  ""Now take off my skirt.'  He slowly unbuttoned it, constantly watching her eyes in the candlelight.  'Now take off my bra.'  Again, with trembling hands, he did as he was told and dropped it to the floor.  Then she looked at him and said,  ‘’If you ever wear my clothes into town again, you're fired.’’"
277	3.0	Just had a Palm reader read my hand today. She said she wanted a second edition! Apparently the message was to heavy handed, to improve she said I should wash my hands of any unnecessary plot lines.
624	3.0	Knock Knock Who’s there?  Kanga…  Kanga Who?   Actually, it’s kangaroo!
281	2.0	Did you get a chance to listen to Will Smith's latest album? Absolutely slaps
661	3.0	What's a cheetahs favourite colour?  **Purrr-ple!**
897	3.0	What do you call the nutrient you get from nuts? Scrotein
731	1.0	So a baby seal walks into a club...
843	0.0	"Plato and a Platypus walk into a bar.  The bartender looks up and says:  ""What is this, a joke?"""
32	0.0	I found out last night that my new girlfriend is a ‘squirter’. That’s the last time we try knife throwing.
398	2.0	Why Will Smith so worried about Chris Rock keeping his wife’s name outta Chris’ mouth? Shouldn’t he be more worried about keeping other guys dicks outta his wife’s mouth?
129	1.0	what were the three rejected names for condoms The jizz mittens,cum kuisi,and the kidnappers
126	3.0	Did you hear about the bank robber who hit the teller with a sack of money? It was only bills, though, no coins.  It was an act of centsless violence.
341	2.0	Rock, paper, scissors. Who wins? Rock if it's just a joke.  Paper if it's a will.  Scissors if it's extramarital.
441	2.0	Chris rock shouldn't have made a GI Jane joke Get with the times man, make it a Fast and the Furious joke, where most of the cast is bald
820	2.0	Roses are black. Violets are black. Everything is black. - *Stevie Wonder*
764	4.0	[deleted]
80	2.0	All Chris Rock had to do to avoid the tantrum ...was to make an Indecent Proposal
787	1.0	"""Wanna play the rape game?""  ""No.""  ""That's the spirit!"""
953	3.0	I would really like to make a Sodium joke. But Na
153	1.0	What's the difference between a vagina and a fridge? The fridge doesn't fart when you take the meat out.
506	0.0	"Five friends were so confident about passing the finals that on the weekend, they decided to go for a picnic. They had a great time. However, after all the partying, they spent all Sunday sleeping and didn't make it back to college until early Monday morning.  Rather than taking the finals then, they decided to find their professor after the final and explain to him, why they missed it.   They said that they had gone to an Old Age home in the nearest town to spend some time with the people there and then planned to come back and study for the finals.  Unfortunately, they had a flat tire on the way back, didn't have a spare, and couldn't get help for a long time. As a result, they missed the final.   The professor thought it over and then told them, they could take the finals the following day. The guys were elated and relieved. They studied all night and then went in the next day, at the time they were told.   He placed them in separate rooms and handed each of them a test booklet, then asked them to begin. They looked at the first question and it was the easiest in their entire syllabus, worth 5 points.   ""Cool"", they thought at the same time, each one in their separate rooms. ""This is going to be easy.""   Each finished the problem and then turned to the second page. On the second page was written, ""Which tire?"", for 95 points."
489	0.0	My girlfriend said there's nothing wrong with having a 3 inch penis I just wish she didn't have one.
942	4.0	"I phoned my wife. I said, ""I've got something to tell you, but it's hard to say.""  She said nervously ""Go on.""   I said. ""Ken Dodd's Dad's Dog's Dead."""
382	1.0	"Jimmy needs an excuse for missing school He decides to write a letter saying he was sick, but he needs a complex sounding sickness to convince his teachers that it was written by his parents. He googles for one, types and prints out the letter, and hands it to his teacher.  It reads: ""Dear Mrs Chen, please excuse Jimmy from school. He has syphilis. He caught it while playing with his sister."""
430	2.0	What's the difference between an actor from California and a senator from Texas? One will punch a man for talking badly about his wife, the other will help that man become president.
606	2.0	Putin gets a haircut Putin goes to the Kremlin barbershop to get a haircut. While cutting his hair, the barber keeps on and on asking and talking about the 'special operation' in Ukraine.  Putin snaps:  - You seem to be overly interested about Ukraine... Don't you understand what happens to people who are too nosy here in Russia? Are you insane? Do you want to fall from a fifth floor window? Be scared of wearing underwear? End up like Nemtsov???!!!   - Nyet. I'm not interested at all. Couldn't care less.   - Why are you asking all these questions then?!   - Every time I mention Ukraine your hair stands up. Easier to cut.
464	0.0	My son asked me, “Dad, why is it important to use a condom during sex?’ I said, “Usually, it’s to avoid answering questions like this.”
344	3.0	Make sure to pay your exorcist in full... so you don't get re-possessed.
851	3.0	"Trying to upgrade the McRib sandwich  A chef at the McDonald's test kitchen walks into a bar and orders a beer. ""Kind of bummed out today,"" the chef tells the bartender. ""I've spend weeks trying to create a beef version of the McRib, and we just can't come up with anything that works."" ""Well, I hope you've learned from your McSteaks,"" the bartender says."
763	3.0	What's grey and comes in buckets? An elephant.
462	4.0	People said I’d never get over my obsession with Phil Collins.                        But take a look at me now.
502	3.0	What do you call the nutrient you get from nuts? Scrotein
161	3.0	Why did Will Smith slap Chris Rock? He wanted to make rap hits and rock hits.
541	3.0	Why were the elephants kicked out of the public pool? They kept dropping their trunks.
16	0.0	"putin walks into a meeting with all his top generals and demands ""How is my special operation against Ukraine and NATO Nazis going!?"" The generals all look at each other nervously  ""Well...."" demands putin ""tell me now!!""  The top general stands and says ""Well we have been fighting for 4 weeks. We have lost over 15,000 brave soldiers, 6 generals, over 500 tanks and fighting vehicles, 3 ships, 100 planes and drones and 1000 trucks.""  ""And what of NATO?"" putin asks  ""Well..."" the general scratches his head nervously ""Well... they haven't turned up yet"""
549	0.0	"A man was stunned when his evil coworker was promoted instead of him He complained to his friend about it.  ""That sleazy jerk, all he did was suck up to the bosses while I ACTUALLY DID MY JOB! How come he gets promoted? It's not fair!""  His friend thought about it for a minute, then asked ""How close are you to becoming an astronaut?""  ""What? I'm not trying to become an astronaut! What the fuck are you talking about?""  ""Have you ever won a race by trying to build a house?""  ""Have you lost your mind?""  ""Why don't you go flirt with a girl by never talking to her?""  The man punched his friend in the face, knocking him out.  &#x200B;  This too, did not get him a promotion.  &#x200B;  The End."
998	2.0	Why was Chris Rock surprised when Will Smith slapped him? He thought one of Jada’s other boyfriends would have done it.
774	0.0	"Two muffins are in an oven. The first muffin says, ""Hey man, it's getting pretty hot in here."" The other muffin says, ""Holy shit it's a talking muffin."""
503	4.0	If how you meet them is how you are going to lose them Start dating at funerals
881	3.0	Alright Everyone, it's JOKE TIME!  What do you call cheese which isn't yours?  NACHO CHEESE!  (please tell me that at least one person got it :'\] )
457	2.0	About the 94th Oscars Things really spiraled of control at the Oscars. Got out of hand, if you Will.
944	3.0	90% of people can not spell IHOP out loud. Try to spell IHOP and say ness after it.
625	1.0	A Cure For Hiccups A man goes into a drugstore and asks the pharmacist if he can give him something for the hiccups. The pharmacist promptly reaches out and slaps the man’s face.   “What did you do that for?” the man asks, rubbing his aching cheek.   “Well, you don’t have the hiccups anymore, do you?” asked the pharmacist with a knowing smile.   “No, but my wife out in the car still does!”
308	4.0	Did you know that roughly 90% of people are actually perfect? >!The rest are left handed.!<
847	0.0	"Any time someone states anything about smell, reply with, ""Oh sorry, I farted"".  It works best when the smell is cookies, or perfume, or something that's generally smells nice.  Another farting one is a ridiculous sound, like a foghorn, or police siren.  If you can get away with a ""Well excuuuuussse meee"", in a Tobias way, it works best.  If someone ever claims something really weird of you, or anything really, replying with ""What?  It's the only way I can get an erection"" works really well.  ""seaders, you're always listening to weird music""...  ""seaders, I bet you watch some freaky crap on the internet""...  Also, after a long, obviously not-a-stranger phone call, if someone asks ""Who was that"", reply with ""Wrong number"", and continue on as normal.  In general it's the really short, confident totally-opposite of what's expected replies that I find get the best laughs, but only if you can take the probable weird looks."
427	0.0	I heard Keith Richards quit smoking cigarettes. There goes his health.
263	2.0	Americans care about Ukrainians like my parents care about unborn children Enough to donate a couple bucks, but not enough to adopt one.
363	0.0	I was on a date and mentioned to her how I saw a great post on Reddit. She said she’s never heard of Reddit. I replied that I’m not sure I can date someone who’s never heard of Reddit.   Then she said: “Ok…now do you want anything else or shall I bring you the check?”
54	1.0	Every Time We Do It  *It seems that many cultures have their specific style or templates for jokes. When I lived in the Middle East, I noticed a lot of jokes were long, and it was common to include some cultural aspect unfamiliar to me, such as arranged marriage. This is one such example.*  A man had three sons, none of whom were married. So he decided to arrange marriages for all three at once. The first son married a doctor; the second, an engineer; the third, a girl who never finished high school.   One year later, he called his sons over to see how things are going with their marriages.   The first son enters, looking dejected. “What’s the matter, son?”  S1: *Every time we go to do it, she insists things must be sterilized and brightly lit. She’s a great woman dad, but it kills it for me.*  The second son enters, also looking unhappy. Father asks the same question.  S2: *Every time we do it, my wife gets a protractor out and a calculator. She wants to make sure my angles and slope are correct and I gotta say dad, it kills the mood!*   The third son enters the room, looking much more satisfied than his older brothers. Dad asks “Well, why are you so happy?”  S3: *Every time we do it, I look at her afterwards and ask if she understands what just happened, and she says she’s not sure. So then I have to show her again!*
156	2.0	I guess we could call last night's events… The Pursuit of Slappiness
938	3.0	What is Chris Rock’s least favorite Will Smith movie? Hancock.
688	2.0	"This is a hijack! ""This is a hijack! Divert this plane to California immediately or else!""  ""But we already are going to California!""  ""Damn, we got on the wrong plane!"""
420	3.0	What's the cutest Linux distribution? UwUbuntu.
523	2.0	I'm so tired of Will Smith jokes. It's so tired already If I hear another Will Smith joke I'm gonna slap the shit out of 'em!
754	3.0	"Polar Bear walks into a bar and asks for a gin.......................and tonic. Bartender says ""What with the big pause?"" Polar Bear (lifts up hands): ""I don't know, I've had them since birth"".  Pause=Paws for the group.  Better said than written."
397	3.0	I call my weed the Quran... Because burning tht shit’ll get you stoned
546	3.0	Where do Mechanics go after work? The universal joint
886	3.0	Why is 50% of the belgium population covered in snot Because  they're flemish
722	3.0	The Jonestown Cult survivor was never good at jokes; he always missed the punch line.
486	2.0	Matt Deamon and Ben Affleck are working on the Sequel to there famous movie. It is called BAD WILL SLAPPING.
260	2.0	My prediction for the Oscars is Smith Will Rock Chris
619	1.0	So I was looking up popular pornographic search terminology... Turns out FFM, Bondage, and Watersports are a three way tie for #1.
538	1.0	"A man takes his dad to an old peoples home. When they arrive the father instantly dislikes the place and wants to leave immediately, the son tried to comfort his sad ""Come on Dad, you have just got here, give it one night at least and see how you feel"" and the father reluctantly agrees.  Later that night after his shower he goes to his room, when he gets there he finds a nurse waiting and to his surprise she walks up to him, opens his dressing gown and gives him a blowjob.  The next morning the father rings his son and much to his delight says ""Yep, you are right son, I love it here, I am staying.""   A little later on in the day he is walking along a hallway and he falls over, a fellow resident who happens to be gay spots him and takes the opportunity to have sex with the guys father while in the floor. He rings his son straight afterward and says ""Nope, I hate it here, I want to leave, come and get me right now"" the son replies ""What do you mean Dad, you was telling me you loved it there this morning, what is up?""   To which the father replies ""Yes, well I only have a shower once a week, I fall over 5 times a day."""
513	2.0	How can you tell the difference between Chris Rock and Will Smith? Chris Rock can take a hit.
532	0.0	"A proud father has six children. He always calls his wife ""Mother of Six,"" to her displeasure.   One night at a party, he yells across the room, ""Mother of six, we're leaving now.""     She replies, ""Be right with you, father of four."""
157	3.0	If you get RSV and you pee Does that mean you're gonna come?
558	0.0	A wife gets instructions from her husband’s doctor  Doc: Ma'am, your husband can live a long life, but you have to follow a set of instructions. First, you have to cook his favorite meals, depending on his requests. You'll also have to drive him anywhere he needs to go, and he should get lots of activities. Movies, sport events, you name it. If he plays golf, perfect, but you will have to be his caddy. If he wants to have sex, you'll have to have sex with him, any way and time he likes. If he wants backrubs, you have to give him backrubs. If you keep up this regimen, he can live another 20, maybe 30 years.  The woman leaves the office and goes to the room of her husband.  Husband: What did the doc say?  Woman: He said you're gonna die.
505	3.0	What's Russian Colonel Medvechek's (commander of 37nd Motor Rifle Brigade) favorite type of shirt? ... a tank top.
367	4.0	"An illegal immigrant. An illegal immigrant goes to the doctor and says ""I feel terrible"" The doctor examines him and says ""you need to piss and shit into a bucket for a week, throw some dead fish and a rotting cabbage in"" Put a towel over your head and inhale the vapours for three days"" The immigrant does this and goes back to the doctor and says ""I feel wonderful, what was wrong with me? The doctor replied ""You are Homesick"""
947	2.0	What slaps harder than Will Smith’s Music? Chris Brown
573	3.0	"My girlfriend and I only ever have sex in the doggy style position She said I misunderstood her when she told me she ""likes it ruff"""
935	2.0	Why is the Russian army having so much trouble getting the job done? Well, they **are** Gen-Z, after all, at least that's what it says on their tanks.
76	0.0	Two women die and are awaiting judgment - So, says the first one, what led you here ?  - Well, I froze to death.  - That must be painful! Sorry to hear that.  - It's okay, your mind goes numb after a while. What about you ?  - I suspected my husband of cheating so I got back home early. I checked the bedroom looking for evidence but I found nothing! I check the bathroom looking for evidence but I found nothing! I ran around the garden looking for evidence, and guess what ?  - What ?  - Nothing! After all this happened, I was so tired I just collapsed and died.  - Well, if you had checked your freezer, we'd both be alive.
714	2.0	Two behaviouralists just finished having sex and one says to the other: it was good for you, was it good for me?
647	0.0	A man was arrested for telling a joke which called Vladimir Putin stupid. He was tried and sentenced to 15 years and 3 months in a work camp.            When asked about the strangely specific sentence, the judge explained that he gave 3 months for insulting the president, and 15 years for divulging state secrets.
812	3.0	How many Freudians does it take to screw in a light-bulb?  Two - one to screw in the bulb and one to hold the penis - I mean father! - I mean LADDER!
723	0.0	"""Hurt me,"" said the masochist.  ""No,"" replied the sadist."
249	0.0	"I doubt he got the job.  A guy is on a job interview when he gets asked ""what would you say is your worst quality?"" He replies ""honesty."" Interviewer says ""well, I think that's a great quality to have!"" Guy says ""I don't give a FUCK what you think."""
20	3.0	Caffeine is just tamer cocaine I guess you could call it diet coke
744	3.0	Ask me if I'm a tree
250	0.0	I drink all the time... I drink when I wake up and before I go to bed. When I'm sad or when I'm happy,  I drink when I'm celebrating and even when I'm bored. I can't seem to stop. I don't think I will ever give it up. I don't feel like it's a bad thing, If anything I think it's a good thing and I believe more people should do it. So I will continue to drink more.....water!
94	0.0	"- Dad, today there will be a small parents meeting at school.  \- Dad, today there will be  a small parents meeting at school.    \- What do you mean by ""small meeting"" ?   \- Well.... You, me and the principal."
103	2.0	A Little Greek Humor Nobody:     Polyphemus: Okay, first off that was a real dick move.
342	4.0	What's the difference between a piece of Southwestern pottery and a bra? One is a Terracotta pot and the other is a paira tata cots.
251	4.0	"putin walks into a meeting with all his top generals and demands ""How is my special operation against Ukraine and NATO Nazis going!?"" The generals all look at each other nervously  ""Well...."" demands putin ""tell me now!!""  The top general stands and says ""Well we have been fighting for 4 weeks. We have lost over 15,000 brave soldiers, 6 generals, over 500 tanks and fighting vehicles, 3 ships, 100 planes and drones and 1000 trucks.""  ""And what of NATO?"" putin asks  ""Well..."" the general scratches his head nervously ""Well... they haven't turned up yet"""
912	4.0	Whenever I tell someone I sleep like a baby they always seem pleased,,, I should probably find a different metaphor for waking up at 3 AM screaming and covered in my own urine.
632	3.0	I used to have a job cutting holes to make trapdoors for theatres. It was just a stage I was going through.
191	3.0	What cheese never moves? Still-ton (Stilton)
670	3.0	It’s great that Turkey is providing heavy armoured vehicles to Ukraine. Everyone loves tanks giving turkey.
42	3.0	"A man went into a music shop A man went into a music shop looking for a new instrument.  The owner introduced him to a lot of different instruments: flutes, trumpets, drums and guitars but none of them caught the man's interest.  The man nearly gives up when he spots a saxophone hanging in the corner. He tries it and it really has that sound he was looking for, except it lacks something he can't quite put his finger on.  Man: ""I really like this saxophone, but can you do something to improve the sound, perhaps make it more rock'n'roll?""  Owner: ""Well I guess I could hook you up to this amplifier?""  Man: ""yea that would be great, but what I really want is for the saxophone itself to have that rock'n'roll feeling""  Owner: ""I think I've got just the thing!""  So the owner takes the saxophone into the back and comes back some time later. Now the saxophone is fitted with a guitar neck, pick-ups and a cool classic rock paint job.  Owner: ""I had some spare parts lying around from an old Fender Stratocaster, so I've modified your saxophone to get that feeling you were after. What do you think?""  The man is besides himself with joy, pays right away and begins to leave to take his new instrument home with him and begin his new career as a rock musician.  Owner: ""Hang on! Before you leave. Would you like me to register your new purchase to your name? saves a lot of trouble if there's any problems down the line.""  Man: ""No way! I'm not gonna bring a registered Sax-o-Fender into my house!"""
979	3.0	Just had a Palm reader read my hand today. She said she wanted a second edition! Apparently the message was to heavy handed, to improve she said I should wash my hands of any unnecessary plot lines.
682	4.0	The end of the Lord of the Rings still bugs me The end of the movie with the eagles still bugs me. Couldn't Frodo and Sam just have skipped all of this shit and just put the ring in a Ukrainian hospital or daycare so Putin could just destroy it that way?
859	4.0	A Will Smith Oscars Theory So hear me out. You know how Will Smith laughed at Chris Rock’s joke while Jada rolled her eyes and the camera cut back to Chris Rock? I bet after Jada finished her eye roll she followed up with, “He wasn’t funny in bed either.” The camera missed this and that’s when Will Smith snapped… errr slapped.
987	1.0	Having sex is just like driving a car. Everyone thinks they are good at it.
92	0.0	The Evolution of Mankind Theory We need 8 hours of sleep every night because...  It takes about that long to recharge our phones.
458	3.0	What did the January 6th insurrectionist say after he sneezed? pardon meeeeee
91	2.0	Why does Kanye think Will is rude? Because he didn't let him finish.
933	1.0	"Bubba and Junior were standing at the base of a flagpole, looking up. A woman walked by and asked what they were doing. ""We're supposed to find the height of the flagpole,"" said Bubba, ""but we don't have a ladder."" The woman took a wrench from her purse, loosened a few bolts, and laid the pole down. Then she took a tape measure from her pocket, took a measurement and announced, ""Eighteen feet, six inches,"" and walked away.     Junior shook his head and laughed. ""Ain't that just like a dumb blonde! We ask for the height, and she gives us the length!"""
735	2.0	Are you grumpy? Because you're certainly not happy or bashful.  Ninja Edit: didn't read the question properly. I thought you meant joke about short people.
369	2.0	I have a joke about trickle down economics. >But 99% of you will never get it.
252	2.0	They now have birth control for men. Put a pebble in their shoe and they go limp.
203	3.0	2 guys walk into a bar, The third guy ducks.
314	2.0	Streaming has made me less Christian I mean, imagine having no viewers when you were promised God was always watching, but he lurks in chat and never subscribes. What a dick!
610	3.0	What do you call a boat that is filled with potatoes and penises? A dictatorship
958	4.0	I figured out why orgies were so popular in ancient Rome. For starters, you need four people to LXIX.
187	2.0	New Will Smith sequel coming soon Concussions Rock
265	2.0	What happens when you get in a fight in Bel-Aire? Aunt Viv sends you back to Philly
364	1.0	There was this guy with a talking rooster…[NSFW] There was this man with a talking rooster.  The man happened to enjoy partaking in MMF threesomes with his wife.  He also spent his day at the park making obscene drawings.    One day the man was at the park drawing a comic of somebody defecating.  Someone approached the man and asked, “What the hell are you doing?!”  The rooster replied, “Cuckold doodle doo.”
872	4.0	Pick-pocket vs Peeping Tom (From the podcast Wine and Crime). What's the difference between a pick-pocket and a peeping Tom? A pick-pocket snatches watches....
636	1.0	Will Smith really doesn't want any other man saying his wife's name To be fair, she is usually the one screaming the names of other men
220	3.0	What do you call a hippie’s wife? Mississippi.
256	4.0	What does a mustang order at Starbucks? A Mach-e auto  Told to me by my 10 year old son!
114	1.0	What is a 6.9 Another great thing ruined by period.
466	4.0	A man is walking home alone late one foggy night when behind him he hears: Bump! BUMP! BUMP! Walking faster, he looks back and through the fog he makes out the image of an upright casket banging its way down the middle of the street toward him!! BUMP! BUMP! BUMP!  Terrified, the man begins to run toward his home, the casket bouncing quickly behind him.  FASTER! FASTER! BUMP! BUMP! BUMP!  He runs up to his door, fumbles with his keys, opens the door, rushes in, slams and locks the door behind him.  However, the casket crashes through his door, with the lid of the casket clapping.  Clappity-BUMP! Clappity-BUMP! Clappity-BUMP!  On his heels, the terrified man runs.  Rushing upstairs to the bathroom, the man locks himself in.  His heart is pounding, his head is reeling, his breath is coming in sobbing gasps.  With a loud CRASH the casket breaks down the door.  Bumping and clapping toward him.  The man screams and reaches for something, anything, but all he can find is a bottle of cough syrup!  Desperate, he throws the cough syrup at the casket...  and...  the coffin stops.
324	2.0	No one delivers a punch line like Will Smith. No one receives a punch like Chris Rock.
65	3.0	"I phoned my wife. I said, ""I've got something to tell you, but it's hard to say.""  She said nervously ""Go on.""   I said. ""Ken Dodd's Dad's Dog's Dead."""
994	2.0	Jada has alopecia but in the past she was known for having an African hair style Or in short an Af-hair do, was around August IIRC.
408	0.0	What's the difference between a church and an insane asylum? I've never been to a church.
320	2.0	What is the capital of Russia? About $10 USD
400	3.0	Did you hear about the new sweet potato delivery service? It's called Yamazon.
989	3.0	My wife is complaining that I never buy her jewelry. In my defense, I didn't even know she sold jewelry.
327	4.0	Gen Z loves cups No cap
904	1.0	A hobbit breaks into the local zoo He has sex with a Panda.  What do you call the baby?  Half Ling Ling.
10	3.0	Doctor, Doctor, doctor! I feel funny today. What should I do? Go post on r/jokes
27	3.0	"An archaeologist and his gorgeous new intern are in the lab checking the levels of carbon-14 in a skull they found. The archaeologist's jealous wife walks in and demands to know what's going on. ""Honey, it's nothing! We're just dating!"""
597	0.0	A skeleton walks into a bar And asks for a beer and a mop
963	4.0	Putin: Starting a war against Ukraine and becoming MAJOR news Will smith has entered the chat.
212	2.0	Why couldn’t Joseph and Mary get a hotel room in Bethlehem? Hotels are always busy around Christmas
930	1.0	Metric system is so hard to use Like how can I know kilo of meters means 1000 meters?   I like the american system more because it uses common easy to understand units. In stead of kilometer, I`m lucky we use school shootings by mac donalds in a district measurements.
322	1.0	"prize winning pig [long] The Johnson brothers have had longstanding rivalry with fellow farmers the Taft brothers for a decade. The Taft brothers constantly show them up, and Billy (the oldest) decides he's finally had enough, and this year they are going to win the prize for biggest pig at the county fair. He comes up with a plan, and about a month before the fair he and his brothers buy a cork and some extra large super strong rubber bands. They cork the pigs butt, so it can't shit, and feed it as much as it will eat.  It works, and the pig gets massive, too big to get into the back of Jim (the middle son) so they have to get a full horse trailer to haul the thing. The day of the fair, everyone is wowed by the size of their pig, and it easily beats even the Taft brothers, who storm off madder than hornets. They celebrate their win with a night of partying, before settling back home with the pig.  The younger brother, Elmer, however, realizes they have a problem. How in the heck are they gonna unplug the pig now? It's got a month of shit backed up inside it, and none of the brothers are too keen on being the one to pull the cork. Billy comes up with another plan that night, over a few beers. He drives a few hours to the big city, and buys a pet monkey from an old high school buddy who can get that kind of thing. So they set about training this monkey on how to pull a cork from a pigs ass. It takes a solid week or two before they are confident it knows how, and now the pig is looking like it's about to burst.  So they take the monkey and the pig into the field, and set the monkey in position for the whistle that will tell it to go. Elmer backs up about 10 feet. Jim is more nervous and goes back a solid 20 feet. Billy has taken some high school math, and figures he's smarter than the others and stands back a solid 50 feet. When he gets there, he blows the whistle.  Nothing happens for a second or two, then a wall of shit sprays out, covering Billy up to his ankles. Cussing and angry he starts walking forward until he gets to Jim, who got knocked to his knees and has pig shit up to his waist- Jim is using language even their father, a sailor had never used- roaring mad at the shit covering half his body.   Together they wade forward to find Elmer, flat on his back, buried in shit that had sent him flying. But instead of cussing mad like they expect, he is laughing like crazy. Billy looks at him and shakes him. ""Calm down Elmer, that blow knocked you silly.""  Elmer keeps laughing, too hard to even talk.  ""Come on Elmer,"" Jim says ""it's okay, it's just shit, don't lose it over that.""  Finally Elmer calm enough to get out a few words. ""Shit sucks"" he gasps between laughs, ""but you shoulda seen it"" ""poor monkey trying to shove that cork back in"""
488	0.0	"Wife comes home from work. Wife: I left my job today,  I could not work for that man after what he said to me.  Husband: So what did he say.?  Wife: You are fired."""
756	1.0	What are nuts on a wall? Walnuts  What are nuts on a chest? Chestnuts  What are nuts on a chin? Blowjob
617	2.0	"A man walks into a car dealership A Russian man walks into a car dealership to buy a new car.  The salesman says, ""I am sorry sir, due to the war and sanctions, all cars are spoken for.  I have a waiting list, but it is so long that it will take 10 years to get your new car.""  The man says, ""Well, I might as well get on the list.  Can I pre-pay?""  The salesman replies, ""Certainly you can pre-pay.  Fill out this form, pay our finance department, and come back 10 years from today for your car.""  The buyer asks, ""Morning or afternoon?"" to which the salesman replies, ""Sir, it is ten years from today.  Why do you care if it is morning or afternoon?""  The buyer replies, ""Because the plumber is coming in the afternoon so I need a morning appointment.""  Old Soviet joke, but I think it shall become relevant again."
771	4.0	[deleted]
555	0.0	"I phoned my wife. I said, ""I've got something to tell you, but it's hard to say.""  She said nervously ""Go on.""   I said. ""Ken Dodd's Dad's Dog's Dead."""
752	2.0	A Scotsman walks out of a bar.
445	2.0	Could you imagine taking a punch from someone that played Muhammad Ali, a boxing legend, in a movie?? Chris got lucky it was just a slap! Good thing Will's fist was as open as his marriage.
105	0.0	"A horse in a barn was listening to some rock and roll on the radio... And he was inspired. The guitarist was masterful, and the horse knew, then and there, that he needed to play guitar. More than anything he'd ever needed before.   So he calls up his buddy, who is a guitar teacher, and asks his buddy to help him learn guitar. The horse takes to it quickly and practices every day until he is just as good as the guys on the radio.  One day, while the horse was playing, the chicken overhears and is inspired, too. The chicken hops over to the horse and starts pecking at a bucket, creating a beat that perfectly accompanies the horse's guitar. The horse and the chicken play together every day for weeks. The chicken even found a drum set out back, and the two began making really phenomenal music.  A cow had been coming by to listen to the horse and the chicken play, and one day, she was inspired, too. She rooted around the back of the barn and pulled out a piano, and without a second thought, and nary a piano lesson to her name, integrated seamlessly with the horse and the chicken.  Now the horse, the chicken and the cow played some of the greatest rock and roll music anyone had ever heard. And, wouldn't you know it, a music producer just happened to visit the farm one day and heard the animals jamming out. He went to them with contracts and signed them that day.  The horse, the chicken, the cow and the producer wound up touring the country. They played everywhere and the people loved them. You could hardly turn the radio on without hearing one of their songs. The producer acted as manager and always made sure every gig ran smoothly and all their needs were met. It was a great arrangement, and everyone was very happy.  Then, one day, the horse got a phone call. His mother was very sick, and she asked the horse to come home to visit. So the horse tells the band and producer he needs to leave for a few days, but he'd meet them at their next concert.  The horse went home and saw his mother, and she was indeed very sick. She ended up dying shortly after, and the horse was devastated. He loved his mother, and wasn't at all prepared for her death.  The horse took care of what he could and prepared to fly back to his band at their next stop when he got another phone call. Their tour bus had been in a deadly accident, and the chicken, the cow and the producer had died.  The horse was dumbstruck. Such misfortune was unimaginable and he felt himself break inside. He had nothing left: his mother was gone and his career was over. He had lost his best friends and didn't know what to do next, so, in his depression, he decided to drink himself to death.  So the horse walks into a bar and the bartender asks, ""Hey, pal. Why the long face?"""
710	3.0	What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
247	2.0	What slaps harder than Will Smith’s Music? Chris Brown
975	3.0	How do you call a hook-up in the cryptoworld? A pump-and-dump
732	3.0	Two peanuts were walking down an alley at night.  One was a salted.
118	0.0	What is big read and eats rocks A big red rock eater
165	0.0	"A cop pulls over an old lady for speeding on a highway. He asks for her driver's license and registration. When she opens her wallet, he notices a conceal-carry permit.  He asks, “Ma’am, do you have a weapon in your possession at this time?”  She responds ""I'll bet you $100 you can't guess the answer to that question"" as she slaps a crisp bill on her dashboard.  The cop rubs his chin and thinks for a moment and then says "" OK lady, I'll take that bet."" He guesses that she has a .38 Special in her purse. And a .45 in her glove box. And a 9mm Glock in the center console. And a shotgun in the trunk.  “However did you guess that young man?"" The old lady says grasping her pearls.  ""You see ma'am,"" the cop said snatching up the hundred-dollar bill, ""This is Reddit. After I read about you on the tenth repost, I knew I'd find you soon enough."""
964	2.0	Will Smith is switching up his music game...  He's shocked the world with a surprise rock hit.
245	3.0	"my boss thinks I'm an idiot But he's the idiot. just the other day he told me to go into the front office and to bring him the tube oxes that had just arrived. I wasn't sure what a tube ox was, but I informed him that the plural would be ""tube oxen."" Worse, all I found was a couple of FedEx packages.."
759	1.0	How are broccoli and anal sex similar?   If you're forced to have it as a kid, you probably won't like it as an adult.
997	3.0	Did you hear about the guy who raped the ATM? He came into a lot of money
608	1.0	"Man and women going at it under the sheets with only their head out of the it ""Oh yes girl rub it"" Wait a min can't find it "" ""You just touched it"" ""Ohh... Uhh is that it I thought it was jus.. Just texture on your skin""   Edit : every one hating the grammar geez do you speak like fucking Shakespeare under the sheets, those small broken sentences were to help set the tone woow just woow also for women word I know it but there is no way (atleast that I know)to edit the title"
822	1.0	How are tornadoes and women similar?  they boath moan like hell when they come, and take the house when they leave.
