853	pop-culture	When I was younger, I was told that anyone could become President. Seeing Trump's campaign, now I believe it.
837	nonsensical	*buys shed at B&Q* B&Q: Are you putting this up yourself? Me: No, it's going in the garden. B&Q: Me: B&Q: I can't help you anymore.
281	offensive	Why do Jews have big noses? Why not? Air is free anyway!
576	dad joke	I have kleptomania but when it gets bad, I take something for it.
209	juvenile	Her text: I'm tanning. Call you when I'm done. My thoughts: SHE'S NAKED NAKED NAKED NAKED NAKED NAKED NAKED NAKED NAKED NAKED NAKED NAKED
610	nonsensical	feedback 4 people revving motorbikes loud in residential areas: there is absolutely 0% chance that u r impressing literally a single person
933	dad joke	Why aren't there any knock-knock jokes about America? Because freedom rings
726	nonsensical	My mom sometimes texts me pictures of Buddha with an inspirational text like: "Be kind to others, Evil Lisa"
48	nonsensical	How many Frenchmen does it take to defend Paris? Don't know. Its never been done before.
986	dad joke	It's raining cats and dogs... I hope I don't step in a Poodle!
338	juvenile	Last night I dreamed about eating a huge cotton candy. When I woke up, my pillow was missing.
582	juvenile	What do you call a floating penis? space junk
156	juvenile	I got a job as a triangle player in a Reggae band... I just stand at the back and ting
693	offensive	Chicken Why did the chicken cross the road? Why? To go to the gay guys house Knock knock Who's there? The chicken
863	juvenile	Did you hear about the woman who had twelve boobs? Sounds fake, dozen tit?
791	satirical	ELI5: If Silicon Valley seceded from the US would they be considered a developing nation?
573	nonsensical	Walmart keeps two elderly people on staff at all times: one to greet you, and one to walk slowly in front of you on the way out.
242	dad joke	I'm more than tenacious. I'm elevenacious.
993	dad joke	Knock Knock Who's there ! Arbus ! Arbus who ? Arbus leaves in 5 minutes ?
789	offensive	Hipsters never go white water rafting It's too main stream.
981	sexual	If lesbians don't like men, then why do they use dildos? Because scissoring just doesn't cut it.
499	nonsensical	"Your teeth are like the stars" he said As he pressed her hand so white. He spoke the truth for like the stars Her teeth came out at night!
108	dad joke	What do you call a fake enemy? A faux!
768	dad joke	Ever heard the joke about the airplane? Never mind, it just flew over your head.
840	nonsensical	I dropped my popcicle in the tub. I'm awfully sad. It was banana. Now it just tastes like bubble bath.
932	sexual	What do North Korea and my girlfriend have in common? Neither want me coming inside them.
301	satirical	Your call is very important to us. So please enjoy this 40 minute flute solo.
387	nonsensical	What just cracked?' A guide to aging.
491	nonsensical	My OC Comic "Punguins" tell me what you think! http://penguinproductions.org/comics?id=1
919	dark humor	Son: Dad, how do stars die? Dad: Drugs, usually.
50	offensive	An old man told me this old joke: What did the blind man say when he walked past the fish store? "Hello, ladies"
217	nonsensical	Wife: Did you do the dishes like I asked? Me: Sorry I was busy W: Doing what? *cat rides by on Roomba wearing gladiator outfit* Me: Uh..
888	dad joke	Did you hear about the snail who used to be shipped around the world in wooden crates? He was ex-cargo.
74	nonsensical	[in car with wife] "did you take $20 from my purse?" *sips $3 coffee* no *gets rear ended and $17 worth of sour candy falls out of glovebox*
126	dad joke	If a red panda is caught stealing, what do you call it? It was caught Red Panded
566	nonsensical	Starbucks needs a separate line for people who say "um"
263	nonsensical	Flint Lead Did you hear they discovered the number one source of lead poisoning in Flint MI is not the water.......it's the bullets.
718	nonsensical	God has no Phone, but I talk to him. He has no Facebook, but he is still my friend. He does not have a Twitter, but I still follow him.
597	satirical	"As long as you append my name to a quote,... people would buy into it and take it seriously." - Winston Churchill
670	nonsensical	"Down" "Penetration" "Tight End" "Ball handling" Don't the networks have censors any more?
310	dad joke	What's Thor's favourite piece of clothing? Thunderpants
804	sarcastic	I love my 6 pack abs so much that I protect them with a thick layer of fat.
878	offensive	I'm fed up of all this racism. I think we should all come together & unite as one...blacks, whites, Asians...and gang up on the Arabs.
849	dad joke	Why did the bank robber take a bath? So he could make a clean getaway.
581	offensive	Whenever I'm behind a college girl in starbucks she has to order a triple mocha dark chocolate raspberry ugg boot white iphone 5 spice latte
865	offensive	Ho Ho Ho Do you know; There is a dyslexic devil cult who worship Santa??
448	satirical	Join us in calling for a total ban of people. They are extremely dangerous. If you know any people, report them at once to the authorities.
485	nonsensical	Finally, you get a cab. The driver is a golden retriever. You hop in and hope for the best
419	juvenile	I went to the zoo . . . I went to the zoo, and in the entire place, they only had one dog. It was a shih tzu.
148	satirical	How many politicians does it take to change a light bulb? Two. One to assure the public that everything possible is being done while the other screws it into a water faucet.
557	juvenile	Two cows are standing around talking... "Hey, have you been following the news? All this mad cow disease going around is scary!" "Yeah! Thank god we're elephants."
324	pop-culture	Nick Jonas is popular again... I bet Kevin and Joe Jonas are Jealous
38	juvenile	What goes in dry and hard, but comes out soft and wet? Chewing gum. What'd you think it was?
587	juvenile	What happened to the two ants who got into a fight on a toilet seat? They got pissed off.
439	juvenile	How do you annoy a Reddittor? Repost
410	offensive	How i made my computer run faster... I painted it black.
53	dad joke	Did you hear about the hipster who burnt his tongue? He took a bite before it was cool.
600	dark humor	I debated suicide... I debated suicide by sudoku once. I wanted my death to count.
688	pop-culture	And the he told me he was kilt shopping. So, apparently I'm married to Braveheart.
880	juvenile	I wanted to go as the invisible man for Halloween this year. But my Girlfriend made me put my clothes back on.
717	nonsensical	Useless trying to undo a mistake. Focus your efforts on new ones.
244	dad joke	How did the hipster burn their tongue? They drank their tea before it was cool.
132	pop-culture	Hey, Morgan Freeman. Donating $1M to Obama's campaign isn't going to make him get older faster so you can play him in the movie.
563	offensive	Old Chinese proverb: Rape impossible! Woman with skirt up run faster than man with trousers down!
220	nonsensical	Did you hear about Pala Deans new restaurant? They only serve crackers!
96	dark humor	what is hhe hardest part of a vegetable to eat? The wheelchair
809	dad joke	Why happened when the cat swallowed a coin ? There was some money in the kitty !
83	dad joke	What do you call a fast zombie? A zoombie.
697	juvenile	What's another way to describe a contradicktion? A logical phallusy!
307	nonsensical	Really whenever I get up is "too early."
957	juvenile	What did the monster say to his psychiatrist? 'I feel abominable.'
145	nonsensical	Fun Fact By law, fun facts don't have to be true, but actual facts do. Just a fun fact I thought I'd share.
1000	nonsensical	When done right parallel parking is a beautiful thing to watch.
416	nonsensical	When I saw grown ups in public kissing I'd ask my mom, "What are they doing?" Now I wonder the same thing.
549	dad joke	What did the father buffalo say to his son when he left for college? Bison
5	juvenile	They grow up so fast. My nephew lost his first tooth Saturday night In a fight a with a bouncer
705	offensive	When is a Jewish fetus considered a human being? When it graduates from medical school
708	offensive	What's the hardest part about winning crossfit? Being 5 foot 6
144	dad joke	Who was the heaviest of the Pharaohs? King Two-ton-khamen.
270	nonsensical	*gets toy out of packaging, earns engineering degree
927	dark humor	How much cocaine can Charlie Sheen do? enough to kill 2 1/2 men.
480	nonsensical	Did anyone see the transit of Venus? If so, was it a white one?
285	offensive	I asked an Indian if he likes custard He said, "not in general."
890	satirical	Accidentally tweeted the typo "iLettuce" a few minutes ago and now Apple fans are lining up in front of my house.
952	pop-culture	Favorite all time cooking shows: 1. Iron Chef 2. Hell's Kitchen 3. Breaking bad
295	juvenile	Whats worse than ants in your pants? Your uncle.
951	sexual	Give a girl an inch and she'll want the other 6 too
14	nonsensical	trump: ban muslims jeb bush: i disagree. just like dad would. who used to be president ben carson: how did spongebob make fire underwater
706	sarcastic	I don't believe in anything I can't see, hear or touch, like calories. My thighs, however, are clearly very gullible.
516	dark humor	Me:- Boss i am not coming into work to day coz i am sick. Boss:- How sick are you? Me:- Well i am in bed with my sister
752	dark humor	If the inventor of the iPhone battery ever ends up on life support in a hospital, I hope the back up power source is an iPhone battery.
357	juvenile	If I was a police sketch artist I would be like "is this the guy?" And they would be like "nope that's a barn" because I can only draw barns
122	dark humor	If you want a committed man, look in a mental hospital.
622	juvenile	Why did the Dalai Lama go to Las Vegas? Tibet
910	dark humor	What is it called when a cow is unwillingly milked? **Moo**lestation
896	dark humor	Why did Hitler take suicide? Because of the lethal gas bill.
984	nonsensical	Officer: Soldier do you have change for a dollar? Soldier: Sure buddy. Officer: That's no way to address an officer! Now let's try it again. Soldier do you have change for a dollar? Soldier: No SIR!
473	nonsensical	I want this Twitter account to outlive me by 100 years. I want my grandchildren to read my Tweets and say, "Holy fuck. She was so weird."
478	dark humor	Dark jokes are like food... Only some people get it.
864	juvenile	I guess anywhere they have that Zika virus... ...is a good place to go to get a little head.
956	sexual	I bought a Cosmo magazine that said "Best Sex Ever!" All I got was a bunch of papercuts.
296	nonsensical	There is a new trend in our office; everyone is putting names on their food. I saw it today, while I was eating a sandwich named Kevin.
730	dark humor	Girls like guys who take charge: ask her out, plan a date, take a hostage, overthrow a government, nuke her ex's hometown, buy her a puppy.
379	nonsensical	I was very confused the other dah I was discussing religion with a man and he claimed to be a "moose limb". Must be some kinda canadian thing I guess.
642	nonsensical	[at pet store] Im looking for something cheap and will get people to stop coming over.
754	juvenile	"Oh no. We dripped cheese dip on the cat. I'll get it" *she grabs a shirt* "Hey don't use that!" *hands her a chip*
59	sexual	Put a load in the dishwasher last night She was mad I didn't pull out.
799	pop-culture	A man is asked why he can't see the Fifty Shades of Gray movie... He replies, "I'm color blind and can only see 36 of them."
372	sexual	There are two types of people in the world... 1. People who masturbate 2. Fucking Liars
272	nonsensical	ESPIONAGE: teen dresses up as a dad for a PTA meeting "i think drugs are cool and we should back off" *snapback falls out of pocket* *gasps*
975	offensive	How many emo kids does it take to change a lightbulb? Five. Four to sit in the dark and cry about it and one to write the song.
170	sexual	I can be a real tiger in bed. No, wait, wait... What's that animal that plays dead?
240	dad joke	Did you hear about the fighting dwarf? He's funny. A real knee-slapper.
208	nonsensical	I saw a really cute girl and I wanted to get her number but... I got all choked up. Yeah, living in Compton is f*cked up, they got my wallet too.
359	satirical	There's a dead squirrel in the driveway. Mrs. Liebowitz is worried that the death might be gang-related. She's checking FOX News to be sure.
875	pop-culture	Did you hear that there's a new "Divorced Barbie"? Yeah - she comes with all of Ken's stuff.
601	nonsensical	Shopping when hungry means you end up buying food you will regret. Apply the same rule for not being too horny when going to the clubs/bars.
510	dad joke	How come newspapers make so much money? Because they make money off Paper Views
435	dark humor	If you're going to throw someone under the bus, make sure it's moving.
586	offensive	If you emphasize the po in police they're probably already after you.
35	dark humor	Sex with me Is like the Challenger Mission It Killed a teachers career
635	nonsensical	Just accidentally messaged my husband "love you sexy beats" instead of "sexy beast" and now he thinks he's some sort of DJ.
434	nonsensical	[drive-thru at 2am] Whaazzuupp!? Lemme gets 12 tacos, 6 burritos, and a Diet Coke. Booyah! Neighbor's mailbox: ...
312	dad joke	Did you hear about the mathematician who's afraid of negative numbers? He'll stop at nothing to avoid them.
702	nonsensical	While single, focus on becoming a better person instead of focusing on finding someone better than your ex. A better you will attract a better next.
476	sexual	I told my wife not to turn her head away after giving me a blowjob, but she didn't listen. It went in one ear and out the other.
332	dark humor	Did you hear about that guy who got killed in a rice field by a hitman with a porcelain doll? Police are saying it's the first known case of a knick-knack-paddy-wack.
474	dad joke	What do you call a Korean bulldog? *buldogi*
616	dad joke	What the sound of a rainbow laughing? Hue hue hue hue
8	juvenile	Women should not have children after 35. Really ... 35 children are enough.
422	nonsensical	Why did the mathematician bring home 24 eggs from the grocery store? Because when he asked his wife how many eggs to buy, she said 4!
267	dark humor	Jeff: i'm pro gun. Me: i'm anti gun. Greg: i'm vegan. Me: i'm pro gun, now. Jeff, give me your gun.
57	nonsensical	What do you call an animal with a long neck and a love for oranges? A Jiraffa.
385	offensive	My son has just earned his first boy scout award for 'video gaming'. I guess the next ones will be for 'social ineptitude' & 'pale skin'.
184	juvenile	If you need me, I'll be in the bathroom I guess it's finally time to shave my legs for spring *Walks away with hedge trimmers
392	sexual	Meets girl at bar. Takes her to Ikea. Quickly learns the difference between one-night stand and one nightstand.
872	satirical	How do you know if a guy was in the Navy SEALs? Don't worry, he'll tell you.
201	juvenile	I knew my girlfriend was cheating on me. She told me she was at the mall with her friend Carrie. Thing is, Carrie was sleeping right next to me!
101	sexual	Two lips Why do women have two lips? So they can piss and moan at the same time. ......sorry ladies of Redditing &lt;3
60	nonsensical	After thinking about how bad the average person is at math I've realized that about 75% of people are worse.
495	nonsensical	dad, why does my cake say "we dont want a talking cake" "its a long story son"
895	dark humor	Sometimes i feel like girls are like oscars And im leonardo dicaprio :(
147	nonsensical	"They dared me to" is always a valid excuse.
686	dad joke	Be alert! ... the world needs more lerts.
397	nonsensical	The best DVD feature is when the audio is so quiet during dialogue I have to crank the volume then in action scenes its so loud my pets die.
894	satirical	Don't have money for a cab so I keep calling ambulances and telling them I feel better when I'm close to my destination
317	juvenile	This joke made me shit myself Just a bit of self-defecating humor.
177	nonsensical	People are always asking me for advice. I finally have some to give: Make every light switch a dimmer switch.
181	juvenile	Donald Trump went to graduate school and now he has a PuD Pretty 'uge d...isertation
835	nonsensical	To all the Republicans who might be mad if Trump loses... remember.... Hiter wasn't elected either! jk Trump2016!
767	nonsensical	Teacher: What's a robin? Fred: A bird that steals ma'am.
20	nonsensical	Nothing's Ever Right by Mona Lott
807	satirical	Wondering why we have 50 candidates for Miss America, but only 2 for president. Also, why no swimsuit competition?
69	nonsensical	Before we find Waldo in this picture, can we talk about how over-populated this beach is?
796	satirical	Driving high versus driving drunk: Drunks run stop signs. Stoners stop and wait for them to turn green.
454	nonsensical	For Sale: 2kg of Mentha sachalinensis Mint.
232	dad joke	What is the worst piece in undersea chess? The prawn.
617	dad joke	A man walks into a bar... ...And he says "ow, that hurt"
54	offensive	I don't mean to generalize but you don't really see too many good looking customers coming out of adult book stores
247	nonsensical	The man entered his home and was absolutely delighted when he discovered someone has stolen every lamp in his house.
914	nonsensical	I would make a terrible Buddhist because I kill a lot of ants and drifters
710	offensive	"Why do Jews hate sex?" "Because the pussy is too close to the gas chamber." Cody Edwards
815	dad joke	What do you call a dinosaur with good dental hygiene? A flossiraptor
24	juvenile	What did the McDonald's addict suddenly realize? ...I'm lovin' shit
337	dad joke	How do you advertise a motor home? A trailer
571	offensive	What's the difference between Oscar the grouch and a grouch at the Oscars? Ones green and the other is black
812	dad joke	What goes "quick, quick"? Duck in a hurry. (c) beatattitude 2014
482	juvenile	What does the Starship Enterprise have in common with Toilet Paper They both go around Uranus and wipe out Klingons!
114	offensive	What did the gay Mexican dentist ask his boyfriend for? Oral, B.
169	offensive	What do asian cannibals eat? "rawmen"
763	dark humor	What does a child without arms get for x-mas? gloves! nah don't know, it hasn't opened the present yet
363	offensive	My father said his Computer crashed... I asked him, what he did. "I googled 'Malaysian Airlines'", he replied.
698	offensive	I ordered the kit "Make your wife beautiful" And they sent me two bottles of Jagermeister.
731	nonsensical	What's the difference between an flautist and a Porsche? Most members of the band haven't been in a Porsche.
544	dark humor	I Beat my wife like I Beat my Dick. All the time.
26	offensive	what is 50 feet long and only has 3 teeth? The funnel cake line at the Arkansas state fair.
290	juvenile	What's White and Sticky? Glue.
198	offensive	What's a feminist's favorite subject? Trigger-nometry
12	pop-culture	Who's Leonardo Dicaprio's least favorite Sesame Street character? Oscar im so sorry
989	dad joke	What do you call a bird who wants to have a different personality? An alter eagle!
629	juvenile	I just deleted all the German contacts from my phone. It's Hans free
234	dad joke	My girlfriend told me to take the spider out instead of killing it. We went and had some drinks. Cool guy. Wants to be a web developer.
735	dad joke	I swallowed some food coloring. My doctor says I'm OK But I feel like I've dyed a little inside
656	nonsensical	What did the Polack and the Native American name their first kid? Running Stupid
243	dad joke	I want to start an irritable bowel support group called fecal matters
277	dad joke	I'm putting salt in this mustard and I'm calling it Saline Dijon and you can't stop me
78	juvenile	Fun things to do pt 1 When you're stuck in traffic and some guy revs up his engine just yell out "alright we get it you have a small penis"
917	sarcastic	Husband: Quick. What's this song? Me: Awful.
699	dark humor	Whenever I'm tempted to talk shit to a perfect stranger on Reddit I always remember my mother's wise words: "Shut your fucking mouth, no one cares what you think."
445	satirical	Space-X just used a multi-stage propellent catapult to send a small group of cattle into low-earth orbit. Its the first heard shot 'round the world.
595	dark humor	I like my women how I like my wine... 12 years old and locked in my basement
68	nonsensical	Don't feel like going to the gym? Go to all your ex's facebook pages and see who they're dating now. Then go to the gym.
90	dark humor	Little known fact: a penguin's head can rotate 390 degrees. Once.
394	nonsensical	What does Batman like in his drinks? Just ice
155	nonsensical	They say the hottest person in a party never gets hit on cus people are intimidated. I'm just going to assume that's why I never get hit on.
674	nonsensical	Please put your drama in a joke format so I can understand it.
418	juvenile	What's the difference between a bad golfer and a bad skydiver? A bad golfer goes *whack* "damn" and a bad skydiver goes "damn" *whack*
300	dad joke	[30 Days of Christmas Jokes] Why was Santa's little helper sad? Because he had low ELFesteem
727	dark humor	I went to kuwait, found no squirrels there.. No animal can sustain a burst of oil everytime they bury a nut.
200	pop-culture	A lion would NEVER cheat on his mate But a Tiger Wood. XD
511	nonsensical	My friend said "Women directors have never had major success with a live action film" So I said, "Nonsense! Just look at the Matrix trilogy."
40	offensive	What do you call a hard working machine? Juan Deer
207	nonsensical	Dentist: have you been flossing? [ flashback to me picking steak out of my teeth with a potato chip earlier ] Me: yes
531	juvenile	I had a step ladder... ...but I've never met my 'real' ladder.
944	nonsensical	www.google.corn
447	pop-culture	Star trek predicting future technology? How do we know apple won't be around long? Because Captain Picard uses an android.
483	pop-culture	I thought it was a compliment to tell a girl she looked like Ronda Rousey... I guess I should've left off the "after she got kicked in the face" part.
526	nonsensical	English people smh... 75% of English people do not know the opposites to these words. Always Coming From Take Me Down
769	sexual	German Girlfriend My german girlfriend likes to rate my sexual performances on a scale of 1-10. Last night we tried anal. She kept yelling 9. That's the best I've ever done.
636	sexual	woodpecker What did the woodpecker say to the doughnut? You got the sweetest hole I ever stuck my pecker in.
268	nonsensical	I have this idea tell me what you think? I say that we start the NBDBL (National blind dodge ball league) and then televise it. What are your thoughts on this?
371	dark humor	What is Hitler's favorite reality show? The Amazing Race
916	offensive	Why don't girls have beards? It's in their "jeans" ;)
679	dad joke	So many people say "if my memory serves me correctly" and I'm actually quite shocked at the amount of servants named Memory.......
838	offensive	You know you have a struggle of being a Vietnamese When your first name is Dat, last name is Ho and the teachers call the whole thing out
968	dad joke	Why do flamingos stand on one leg? Because if they didn't stand on any leg they would fall
560	nonsensical	A piece of shit walks into a bar It's my dad... My dad is a piece of shit.
843	dark humor	Why did the terrorist go to Sonic? To have a Blast!
569	nonsensical	Cells multiply by dividing.
294	nonsensical	my reaction to stepping in dog shit is identical to me logging onto facebook...
879	dad joke	I'm a tire in real life It's a wheel hassle.
110	offensive	Where does a homosexual Southerner live? In dick-sea land
149	dad joke	How many cost accountants does it take to change a light bulb? Hmmm........I'll just do a few numbers and get back to you
100	dad joke	What do you call an aardvark that's good at golf? A paredvark!
382	dad joke	What emits a monochromatic beam of salty snack food? Frito Layser.
346	nonsensical	WIFE: Your heavy drinking is making you delusional ME: *turns to friend* Do you think that's true? WOLVERINE: Nah, don't listen to her
135	dark humor	[on a first date] Me: So do you like puppies? Her: Oh I love them Me: Ok, so we'll both have the puppies Waiter: Excellent choice, sir
545	nonsensical	You can tune a guitar, but you can't tune a fish
245	nonsensical	I Wanted To Buy A Samsung Galaxy... But they only come in Fire Red.
136	nonsensical	A man using Apple Maps walks into a bar... Or a hospital.... Or possibly a church.
591	juvenile	If my girl didn't want me to wear her new Christmas thong, she shouldn't have said she bought it "for me." Women are confusing.
159	juvenile	I heard she was born naked, that slut.
460	dad joke	I stuck my finger in an outlet today It really hertz
369	juvenile	Satan: And this is the TV room. Me: This isn't so bad. *turns on TV* *only thing showing is golf*
839	nonsensical	Did you hear about the German Jockey? He came in pferd
885	nonsensical	It's time to clean the refrigerator when something closes the door from the inside.
367	pop-culture	What's ET short for...? Because he's got little legs.
406	juvenile	Calm down shouty museum man. I think it's pretty obvious that I know how to ride a dinosaur skeleton.
947	nonsensical	DO NOT expect a "Bless You" after your 3rd sneeze. Get that shit under control.
426	dad joke	Q: What holds the moon up? A: Moonbeams.
928	offensive	Halo? more like..... GAYLO!!!!!!!
912	nonsensical	[robbing bank] leader: go in & grab everything you can *i go in to grab loot* Me: (yanking pen chain, increasingly panicked) no no No NO NO-
866	pop-culture	why was darth vader arrested? excessive use of force.
942	dad joke	what's wrong if everything is all right? There's nothing left
51	nonsensical	When hubs is sleeping I put my Care Bear blanket on him and take the most adorable blackmail photos ever.
344	dad joke	I exercise religiously. I was on the treadmill earlier praying that it would stop.
187	dad joke	Why should you never run behind a bus? You will get exhausted.
816	dad joke	Bobby Flay's sister is pretty big in the dessert game too. Sue Flay.
785	satirical	You can lie about where you went to college & nobody has any idea. Pretty sure you can also just lie about going to college.
530	dark humor	Two cannibals are eating a clown... and one says to the other: "Does this taste funny to you?"
185	sarcastic	Summer in Scotland. . . Is the best day of the year.
643	sexual	My girlfriend's father asked me what I do... Apparently, "your daughter" was not the answer he wanted to hear.
479	pop-culture	(GoT Joke) Why did the King's Justice join Run DMC? Cuz he be Ilyn.
339	offensive	Two Jewish businessmen meet in the street. "Oy Abraham I'm sorry to hear about that fire at your warehouse".  "Ssh!" hisses the other "It's not till next week".
255	dad joke	I got mugged yesterday... The mugger said, "Give me your money or you're science." I said, "Don't you mean history?" He said, "Don't try and change the subject."
818	dad joke	Why did the internet pirate get scurvy? He couldn't use Lime Wire anymore.
286	dad joke	What do you say when an episode of explosive diarrhoea turns into a round of smooth poop? What a wondrous *turd* of events.
678	dad joke	Q: How do you make a witch itch? A: Take away her W.
778	dark humor	I really like the Manhattan Project It's the bomb.
830	sarcastic	I'm very patient in the way that I can last 45 minutes trying to fix something before I have to pound the shit out of it with a hammer.
551	offensive	Q: What do blondes do after they comb their hair? A: They pull up their pants.
876	sexual	This father says to his son, "Stop playing with yourself you'll go blind." The son says, "I'm over here, dad."
825	juvenile	Do people lifting with their knees and backs know about using their hands?
983	pop-culture	Catch her by her waist... Bring her home.. Keep ur hand on her neck Put ur lips on her lips &amp; have a ... ...nice drink...PEPSI
180	dad joke	What do you call a monkey in a minefield? A baboom!
750	nonsensical	(after bedtime) 3:DADDY COME INTO MY ROOM! Me: go to sleep. 3:YOU HAVE TO COME IN BECAUSE I CAN'T HEAR YOU M: yes you can 3:NO I CAN'T
227	offensive	I have a Punjabi friend He Singhs very well
929	pop-culture	Is a lightsaber's blade hot or cold? Neither. Its warm. *picks up lightsaber *warm warm warm*
1	offensive	Islam is a peaceful religion A piece over there, a piece over there, a piece over here
634	nonsensical	Hillary Clinton is... hilarious.
358	dad joke	A percussionist tells his fellow percussionists some puns His group laughs at every pun he makes. He asks a friend: Hey, are my puns a tenor what?
258	nonsensical	If ISIS would really like the world to take notice of their intentions they should kill a lion.
224	juvenile	back in my day, we had to print out a tweet and hand it to a friend for a retweet. you kids got it easy "shut the fuck up grandma"
494	juvenile	Maybe installing Freudian Autocorrect was not the breast idea.
538	dad joke	A man named Isaiah with 2 eye patches changed his name to Saah No I's
411	nonsensical	*sends you a pic of a kitten* *you reply, "Awe"* *face melts* *responds, "We've been over this already, it's "Aww"* *deletes your number*
696	satirical	A robot walks into a bar, orders a drink, and lays down some cash. The bartender says, "we don't serve robots." The robot replies, "oh, but some day you will."
70	nonsensical	Mayweather gets in a street fight... Wins by decision
973	nonsensical	Our Faults "Once a friend of mine and I agreed that it would be helpful for each of us to tell the other all our faults" "How did it work ?" "We haven't spoken for five years".
907	pop-culture	I went to the library and asked for a book on Pavlov's dog and Shrodinger's Cat The librarian said "That rings a bell but I don't know if it's here or not."
7	offensive	A chinese tiger mom asks her daughter a question about her future: Erizabeth, you stirr want to be a doctoh right? Her daughter replies: No, actuary...
661	nonsensical	When I get calls from unknown numbers I panic, decline and then wait for the voicemail like I'm about to be murdered.
667	nonsensical	*leans back in chair* wow, what a great question. I guess I'd say my biggest weakness is the 5 felony convictions I left off my application
56	juvenile	what do you say about a high mountain? its pretty stoned
701	juvenile	That awkward moment when your phone auto-corrects "I wanna do it" to "I wanna donut" because it knows you're fat.
381	nonsensical	funny how 8 glasses of water a day seems impossible, but 8 beers a day seems necessary
351	nonsensical	Two cows are standing in a field. One says to the other, "Are you worried about mad cow disease?" "Not at all," says the other, "I'm a helicopter."
632	dad joke	What has three feet but no legs? A yardstick.
63	juvenile	Did you hear about the kidnapping at the elementary school? He woke up later
216	offensive	Why hurricanes are named after women Because when they come, they're wild and wet, and when they go, they take your house and car with them.
535	dad joke	I thought my daughter was studying oceanography It turns out she was just a C student
183	pop-culture	[An old thermometer breaks scattering mercury beads all over the floor] "Get out of here, NOW!" "Why?" "HAVEN'T U SEEN TERMINATOR 2?"
488	dad joke	I always greet new people with 'Expelliarmus' ..... it tends to be pretty disarming
654	juvenile	What does this joke's punchline &amp; a 50 foot penis have in common? You can see them coming from miles away.
743	dad joke	How did Dr Frankenstein pay the men who built  his monster? On a piece rate.
361	dad joke	What do you call a lazy baby kangaroo? A pouch potato!!
877	pop-culture	If Chuck Norris is running late, time slows down. It knows better.
140	dark humor	What did one priest say to the other priest? "Do you know where my son is?" "Oh yeah, I forgot to tell you that I'm a necrophiliac."
709	dad joke	Why didn't the fisherman go to Florida to fish for long jawed fish with rows of razor like teeth? He didn't have a Gar
452	sexual	Sex is like a gas station..!! Sometime you get full service... Sometimes you gotta ask for service and sometimes you have to be happy with self service.!
76	dad joke	When is a door, not a door? ... when it's ajar.
146	offensive	I took my girlfriend bungee jumping. As her body hit and spread out over the rocks below, I thought, "That'll teach you to lie about your weight."
420	offensive	How do Italian Jews like their bread? With-a matzah holes in it.
700	offensive	My foot just fell asleep, I'm terrified that drunk white people will notice and start drawing moustaches and penis' on it. #ILoveYallReally
707	nonsensical	I finally figured out why Donald Trump married Melania... ...she came from ***YUUUUUUUUUUUUG***oslavia. ~~(thank you, thank you, I'll be here all week)~~
125	nonsensical	If people could read my mind, I'd get punched in the face a lot.
16	dark humor	Son, you're kind of like rapunzel. But instead of letting your hair down you let everyone in your life down.
884	sexual	My gf could be a an NFL running back she will *not* go down.
475	juvenile	I like my women like I like my fish. An irregular plural.
631	nonsensical	I don't like Haikus; But I like ironic twists I am conflicted
413	dad joke	I was standing in the middle of a park... Pondering about why a frisbee was growing larger and larger... And then, it hit me
98	offensive	Unscramble these words! 1.) PNEIS 2.) HTIELR 3.) NGGERI 4.) BUTTSXE Did you get SPINE, LITHER, GINGER and SUBTEXT?
974	pop-culture	I guess Tom Hiddleston and Taylor Swift couldn't keep their relationship... Loki.
395	nonsensical	40-32/2=4! (-1)12 &lt;3 Maths
498	offensive	TIL Harriet Tubman wasn't a real person. It was just what the slaves shouted to each other on the Underground Railroad, "Hurry it up, man!" Credit: my wife
128	juvenile	Someone told me that wearing glasses would make me look smarter. No one told me you had to wear clothes too.
143	sarcastic	Thankful that Americans have one day a year when they can overindulge.
152	juvenile	If websites were athletes, Reddit would be a fencer. Obsessed with points and always reposting.
870	juvenile	an elephant never forgets.. so my dick remembers everything. credit goes to Childish gambino.
210	dad joke	Never try to kill a termite with a napkin. It'll only get bigger.
614	dad joke	What's brown and sticky? A stick...
308	sarcastic	My favorite thing about single people is how they champion being single till they like someone then they transform into a hypocritcalpotamus
455	nonsensical	Everybody was Kung Fu fighting. Except Gary. Gary was in your house going through your underwear drawer. He also kissed your cat.
62	nonsensical	"She sends things to strangers on the internet and no one even cares but she keeps doing it" - my dad, explaining me on twitter to my aunt.
109	dad joke	What do you call a rabbit with fleas? Bugs Bunny! [ ](http://multivu.prnewswire.com/mnr/warnerbros/42096/images/42096-hi-Bugs_Bunny.jpg)
528	pop-culture	Took my car to the mechanic because it was making a terrible noise... Turns out it was just a Pitbull song on the radio.
319	nonsensical	As long as Apple doesn't announce Ben Affleck as the new iPhone I think everything is going to be OK.
496	offensive	Men are like coolers. Load them with beer and you can take them anywhere.
826	satirical	Believe it or not, my wife and I were actually matched on Tinder. We'd been married for 12 years.
167	offensive	Atheists, we get it. You don't have faith in anything except your ability to shove your lack of faith in the face of those who have faith.
378	juvenile	What do you call a person that worships NASCAR? A racist!
423	pop-culture	This morning, 50 Cent announced he's filing for bankruptcy. He also announced he'll be touring with Nickelback to recoup 10% of his losses.
908	nonsensical	[creation of bats] God: stretch out that mouse
196	offensive	What do you call it when you give a downy kid weed? Baked potato.
925	dark humor	I'm a screamer Not sexually just life in general
949	dark humor	They're calling the Patriot thing "Deflategate?" I was hoping they'd go with "Ball-o-caust."
655	offensive	womens rights Lol
871	nonsensical	Me: *breaks down door Wife: WTF ARE YOU DOING? M: HOME INVASION! W: OMG stop breaking our house when you want sex. M: Soooooo W: No
782	nonsensical	[he picks me up on 1st date] Him: What do you have there? Me: [struggling, crawling to his car because my backpack is weighing me down] Ham.
540	nonsensical	My Grandpa Raymond and his wife live in a retirement community for swingers. What are his favorite underwear made out of? Ray on Paulie's Ester
653	juvenile	Life of a chef must suck. All your work eventually turns to shit.
52	juvenile	What is the one army in the world that could defeat the US army in a war? The Reddit army!
322	dad joke	What is it that's made backwards? Edam
131	dark humor	So a man walks into a bar... and never comes back for my entire childhood. Where are you dad?
955	dad joke	Emotional Wedding I went to a wedding last week. It was very emotional. Even the cake was in tiers. (Credit to pigoletto on the FUNNY subreddit)
269	juvenile	Being Man, a territorial animal, I assert dominance by sending Facebook Pokes.
734	nonsensical	[looking at wife's tombstone] today would've been our anniversary *falls to knees* why did I pre-buy her tombstone causing her to divorce me
279	sarcastic	An honest weatherman says "Today's  forecast is bright and sunny with an 80% chance that I'm wrong."
613	juvenile	My uncle Paul does great bird impressions, He eats worms.
477	dad joke	I hate spelling errors You mix up two letters and your whole post is urined.
197	nonsensical	He died doing what he loved most... Correcting my grammar.
179	offensive	What does a jewish pedophile say to a kid Hey kid, wanna buy some candy?
327	nonsensical	5yo: [crying] I teddy at home! He'll be sad that I abandoned them! Me: Want to call him & apologize? 5: You don't have his phone number.
202	dad joke	What do you call a ghost that loves soccer? Ghoooooooooooooouuull!
641	offensive	"honey don't you think you're treating one of our kids unfairly?" "who? Tim, Felix or the fat one?"
402	sexual	I bought my wife a pair of shoes and a dildo. If she doesn't like the shoes, she can go fuck herself. (Shamelessly stolen from Craig Ferguson)
961	dad joke	I love the way the Earth rotates... It makes my day.
292	offensive	Did you hear about the kid that became a paraplegic? He had to roll with it...
758	dad joke	How did the tree get on to Reddit? It just logged on...
649	dad joke	What did the other traffic light say to the other traffic light? Don't look! I'm changing!
453	pop-culture	Hulk got mad at his washing machine. Hulk SMASH IT! So Hulk gotta go to laundromat this morning. Hulk so stupid.
80	nonsensical	Entropy ...isn't what it used to be.
456	nonsensical	Even that crack on the wall becomes more interesting when you're meant to be studying.
194	dad joke	What do you call a melted penny? Liquid assets.
886	nonsensical	[weather guy on TV] "Today there will be 12 clouds. One is called Simon"
659	juvenile	At Dairy Queen: Me: Medium Heath Blizzard please. DQ: You wanna spoon? Me: Sure, when do you get off?
536	nonsensical	Father O'Flannagan and the Taxi Driver
64	nonsensical	Driving a Prius shows women that you are socially responsible, environmentally conscious, and will be completely unable to make them cum.
44	dad joke	Why should you always have thyme in your first aid kit? Because thyme heals all wounds. :D
305	nonsensical	[opens treasure chest & it's full of treasure] Me: whoa Friend: what is it? Me [slowly closing chest]: spiders
854	juvenile	Pull all of your money out of Pepto-Bismol stocks immediately. There's some real liquidity problems over there.
841	sarcastic	You can now take small knives with you on planes, but my 4oz bottle of mouth wash is dangerous. Got it!
360	nonsensical	Is that chili in your pocket, or are you just terrified to see me?
85	nonsensical	Definition of Rap Songs: Anything that is too stupid to be spoken is sung.
930	dark humor	Why don't the french like kiwifruit? Because of the green piece inside.
283	juvenile	Yo Mama so ugly, she has to use prescription make-up!
811	juvenile	I tell all the girls I chat to that I last ages in bed. It sounds better than telling them I'm on the dole, and don't get up until lunchtime.
922	sexual	100% Yes!' '1000% Yes!!' '1,000,000% Yes!!!' I wish the X Factor judges would stop trying to top each other... and just top themselves.
153	juvenile	What would you call a woman who goes out with You? Desperate!
160	dark humor	Saw some kids building sandcastles on the beach so I ran and jumped on one of them. Then I wrecked his sandcastle.
966	sexual	Do twins have the same size penis? It's a valid question. I'm sleeping with one and really hope the other brother is doing better
386	dark humor	What's worse than lobsters on your piano? Crabs on your organ
82	nonsensical	When you have children yourself, you begin to understand what you owe your parents.
189	nonsensical	My waterproof phone is advertised in commercials with people surfing and kayaking and here I am tweeting in the shower.
677	juvenile	You know you're drunk when the cat barks.
644	pop-culture	I can't wait for hillary to become president and appoint bernie sanders as her vice president "I did not have sexual relations with that man"
746	satirical	I finally figured out what I wanna be when I get older...........................Younger!
771	nonsensical	For anyone interested, you'll find my complete Windows 8.1 review below: Still sucks.
787	dark humor	A dog with a cowboy hat, spurs and a cigar limps in through the swinging doors of a saloon... ...He says, "I'm looking for the man who shot my paw"
438	nonsensical	The worst part of quitting drinking is how few excuses you have for your behaviour
141	offensive	Why isn't the Mexican olympic team any good? Anyone who can run jump or swim is already across the border.
335	dark humor	What's the difference between an IRS audit and prison rape? In prison, you have a chance at getting a reach around
373	nonsensical	*feels painful possible cavity* *eats chocolate to feel better*
313	nonsensical	I hate when people share opinions without being asked.
287	sexual	69 is the kamikaze of sex. If I'm going down, you're coming with me.
777	dark humor	Q. What did the cannibal's wife give her  husband when he came home late for dinner? A. The cold shoulder.
212	offensive	How many walruses does it take to make a sandwich? Don't be silly, walruses don't make sandwiches; women make sandwiches. Made this up to bug my sister. It worked. Her husband laughed.
738	dark humor	I couldn't use my phone at the funeral home it was a dead zone.
728	juvenile	Lately I've gotten into donkey porn... ...it really gets MEEE OFFFFF!
596	dad joke	What kind of music do rabbits listen to? HIP HOP
408	juvenile	cop: the perp was found with red paint on his fingers, so i guess you could say he was caught.. *looks at camera* why is there a camera here
254	offensive	I'm not sexist. Sexism is wrong. ...and being wrong is for women!
776	juvenile	What's cooler than Obama? Snowbama
123	offensive	I referred to someone as a "whore" then apologized....I knew no one would ever pay for that, even if she hung herself on the clearance rack.
116	offensive	How many Vietnam vets does it take to screw in a lightbulb? You don't know man, you weren't there!
375	juvenile	Two sausages are in a pan. One looks at the other and says, "Gosh, it's hot in here", and the other sausage says, "JESUS CRIST, IT'S A TALKING SAUSAGE"
572	nonsensical	I killed a man once, because killing him twice is a physical impossibility.
900	dark humor	Did you know.. Statistically 9 out of 10 people enjoy gang rape?
451	juvenile	I won $3 million on the Lottery this weekend. I decided to donate a quarter of it to Charity. Now I have $2,999,999.75 and she has $.25
333	dad joke	How did the detective solve the case of the missing nun? Through the process of cross-examination.
845	pop-culture	david guetta feat. the person who sings the whole song
589	dark humor	What do a priest and an Olympic silver medalist have in common? They both came in a little behind.
271	juvenile	When I die, I hope it's in a women's dressing room because if I become a ghost, that would be AWESOME!
91	juvenile	Canadian college to launch marijuana cultivation course......... There's only a limited number of openings for students - they'll have to weed some of them out.
4	nonsensical	Airbags are srs business ....anyone?
441	nonsensical	If you piss me off in the grocery store I will get in front of you in the checkout line and pay for a single tomato with a personal check.
120	satirical	"Grampa, how did you support gay marriage? Did you march like civil rights ppl?" "No. Marching's hard. I tweeted about it."
46	nonsensical	TIFU by being King of the jungle. I am Lion. lololol
716	dark humor	Researchers just found a cure for cancer. Unfortunately, it's Ebola.
946	nonsensical	I am tired of the joke where the 3rd person to be granted a wish uses it to somehow cancel out the wishes of his 2 friends who just wished in front of him. What variation on a joke are you tired of?
672	sexual	Your momma is like a shotgun... Two cocks and she's loaded
675	satirical	I'm not saying don't trust the internet, but there's an alarming discrepancy in the number of Ipads I've won & the number of Ipads I own.
650	offensive	What's the worst part of a vegetable to eat? The wheelchair.
142	juvenile	A naked woman robbed a bank.. Nobody could remember her face.
820	satirical	Co-worker: My husband & I are praying for a baby. Me: You know that's not how you get 1, right? You gotta have sex. What does HR want now?
794	nonsensical	Somehow I missed my turn into my driveway and ended up at the pub few blocks over
430	dark humor	if at the end of every year you find yourself posting on social media how "this year sucked," it's time to examine the common denominator
902	dark humor	Aside from dying withing the same week what else did Steve Irwin and Peter Brock have in common? Their last moments were spent in wild fishtails.
684	nonsensical	I've invented a new flavour of crisps, if they're successful I'll make a packet.
71	offensive	What did the Chinese man say when he found out his mother died? I can't bereave it!
937	sarcastic	Hell is nothing but a bunch of moms asking for help with their laptops.
814	nonsensical	Does anyone else believe in solipsism or is it just me?
819	dark humor	I think armless persons are the best You've gotta hand it to them.
792	dad joke	Why is 10 afraid of 7? Because 7 8 9
958	nonsensical	What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhinoceros? Elephino.
293	nonsensical	Sir your resume is just a list of songs you can play in Guitar Hero on expert "yea" Even trogdor? "fo sho" Alright, welcome to Led Zeppelin
214	offensive	How many Mexicans are needed to change a light bulb? Juan.
331	sexual	Why is life like a penis? Because Women make it hard!
889	pop-culture	Sleeping in tomorrow so I have to put my phone on Lebron Mode... No ring
603	nonsensical	I'm not racist, my best friend is gay.
901	dark humor	"They're like a sponge at this age" I say to the parents of the baby I'm using to scrub dishes with.
836	offensive	Non-Americans won't get this. Obesity
88	nonsensical	Why did the staff party go to jail? Because they were in treble.
652	nonsensical	I enjoy working in a slaughterhouse.. Everything is so cut and dry.
429	dark humor	Why did the nun call the Womens helpline? because she was touched by Jesus.
203	sarcastic	People who talk to themselves are more intelligent then those who don't, or at least that's what I like to tell myself.
842	dark humor	Oscar Pistorius is pleading not guilty to the charge of premeditated murder Frankly I don't think he's got a leg to stand on.
543	juvenile	How do you drown a hipster? IN THE MAINSTREAM! Hahahaahhaahhaahha
468	juvenile	I'm not sure about you guys, but I'm pretty sure if she can sell seashells by the sea shore, she also has pretty big boobs.
436	dad joke	What do you call a spy that likes to spend time with his son? James Bonding bah dun tss
940	sexual	If you want to prevent pregnancy use two condoms and... Fill chille powder in between. If outer one breaks she will know if inner one breaks you will know..
278	nonsensical	SOMEONE LEFT THEIR DOGS IN THE CAR WITH THE WINDOWS ROLLED UP -Ma'am, that's a pack of Ballpark All-Beef Franks. ITS 500 DEGREES IN THERE
625	juvenile	Why does Pinocchio lie? Because he's a fucking liar.
282	nonsensical	How loud can you talk? -Alcohol
662	nonsensical	You're spending a lot of time at that  computer screen. Have you had your eyes checked? No they've always been blue!
898	juvenile	What did the elephant say to the naked man? You breathe through *that*?
732	satirical	To avoid small talk with neighbors I've taken to checking the mail in the middle of the night like some kinda raccoon with bills.
844	dad joke	My wife said she just seen 3 rocks running up the street! Boulderdash.
33	dark humor	People are like trees: you can figure out their age by cutting into them & counting the rings. Right? I didn't do this for nothing, right?
399	dad joke	A zen student asked his master: "Is it okay to use email?" "Yes", replied the master, "but with no attachments."
130	sexual	Why are men smarter during sex? Because during sex they're plugged into a fucking know-it-all!
127	dad joke	[at ATM] Would I like to check my balance? Okay sure. *presses button* *robot leg shoots out and sweeps mine* 'Your balance is: awful'
342	offensive	How can you tell the inventor of the toothbrush was from West Virginia? If he was from anywhere else it would be called a teethbrush.
442	satirical	You're born.  You grow up.  You believe in Santa.  You stop believing in Santa.  You look like Santa.  You are Santa.  You die.
821	juvenile	A man walks into a bar He says "Ow!"
765	dark humor	Putin at the airport Vladimir Putin arrives at an airport, gets in line at customs desk. Customs officer: Occupation? Putin: No, just visiting.
81	dad joke	Can a kangaroo jump higher than a house? Of course, a house doesn't jump at all.
788	juvenile	How did the Idiot break his arm while raking leaves? He fell out of the tree.
954	satirical	There's a major at my university for Women's Studies There's one for Men's Studies too, but it's normally just called "History"
154	nonsensical	Changing lawyers is like moving to a different  deck chair on the Titantic.
507	dad joke	What's a skunk's favourite game  in school? Show and smell!
490	offensive	What's your favorite dirty joke? Mine is: Wht do Jewish men have their sons circumsised? Because they know Jewish women can't resist anything 10% off.
943	juvenile	What do you call a mini-golf club made of wasp testicles that's covered in Reese's Pieces? A peanut butter bee-nut putter.
383	juvenile	Next week I have an MRI scheduled to find out whether or not I have claustrophobia.
431	dad joke	What's the problem with tipped cows? They can't MOOve
607	dad joke	What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
465	pop-culture	When I hear Billy Joel I want to kick the nearest nut sackackackackack
345	nonsensical	50 Shades He slowly but firmly grabs my throat. I try to say goodbye and I choke. I try to walk away and I stumble...' - 50 Shades of Macy Gray.
852	nonsensical	Maybe Michael J. Fox could get a new show where his character doesn't have Parkinson's but he's a conductor aboard a moving train.
764	dad joke	Did you hear about the singing laptop? It's a Dell.
463	juvenile	What did the tampon say to the other? Nothing; they were both stuck up cunts!
503	dad joke	What is the collective noun for a group of depressives? A melancolony
162	juvenile	My boss told me, "Dress for the job you want, not the job you have.". I'm currently sitting in a disciplinary meeting wearing my batman costume!
542	juvenile	Boss makes a dollar, I make a nickel. I'd prob'ly make more if I tickled his pickle.
17	dad joke	Why did the carpenter join the army? Because he wanted to be a Drill Sergeant
550	nonsensical	Why is Friday the best day of the week? Its the 5/7 day of the week
999	juvenile	How do you get in with a pretty nurse? You need to be patient.
775	juvenile	9 out of 10 dentists agree: the 10th dentist is a dog, not a dentist. the 10th dentist argues that dogs can b dentists too
504	nonsensical	I'm the guy who asks for extra ketchup, notices he didn't get the extra ketchup, and says nothing further.
882	dark humor	My wife is constantly accusing me of being racist.I dont care what she says,Im black,shes black,it should concern me that our baby is white
458	dark humor	The doctor comes to a patient Doc: You have cancer and alzheimer. Patient: That's fine, atleast i don't have cancer.
945	juvenile	What did the cow say to her husband when he denied pooping in the living room? That's bullshit!
626	dad joke	What did the grizzly bear study at college? He was an Ursa Major
309	dad joke	How do you fix a broken tuba? With a tuba glue!
848	sarcastic	Immortality would suck. I don't want to spend the next 800 years trying to explain Gangnam Style to my great-grandfather.
428	juvenile	what idiot called it the sun instead of a space heater?
264	nonsensical	Why did the airplane crash? The pilot was a loaf of bread.
364	sexual	Whats the difference between a pussy and a freezer? The Freezer dosen't fart when you take the meat out.
55	dad joke	My boss said he's going to fire the employee with the worst posture. I've got a hunch it might be me.
157	juvenile	A fart is just a turd honking for the right of way. Yep
939	satirical	What does America and my Milk have in common? Both will go bad in 9 days.
689	dark humor	What's black and white and red all over? The slowest zebra.
421	nonsensical	[guy who named the bedroom gets home] Honey? Our son got in trouble at the learnroom. His teacher called while I was driving in my wheelsbox
524	dad joke	How many psychiatrists does it take to change a lightbulb? Only one, but first the lightbulb must decide to change itself.
755	offensive	Let me tell you guys an Alzheimer joke if I can remember it.
398	juvenile	If you're an astronaut and you don't end every relationship by saying "look, I just need space" then you're wasting everyone's time.
547	nonsensical	Black Fathers
887	nonsensical	Every boy band song should have a part where they realize they're singing about the same girl & get mad at each other.
723	dad joke	What do you call a teacher who's always late? Mr Bus
487	dad joke	Who stole the sheets from the bed? Bed buglars.
261	offensive	I'm not racist... I have a color TV!
620	pop-culture	Nothing's labeled clearly, I was promised tea & never got any, the criminal justice system is barbaric. ~ Alice's Yelp review of Wonderland
539	dad joke	Why should you never trust a whale with your secrets? They're huge blubbermouths.
514	pop-culture	Pokemon Go is just like Caitlyn Jenner... It keeps crashing and you never look back.
533	nonsensical	The new $100 bills are insane. A purple stripe, the hologram thingy, the Ben Franklin that says "kill, kill, kill" as his eyes swirl...
158	dad joke	What animal always goes to bed with its shoes on ? A horse !
559	dad joke	Can Neon form a chemical bond with Indium? NeIn.
506	dark humor	Why did the plumber cry? His family died.
368	dad joke	Why is #Windows10 releasing before nine? because 7 8 9
948	juvenile	I am an actual real house cat. After I take a bong-hit I SWEAR I can type in English for about 60 secmeow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow
574	nonsensical	Never go to bed angry, stay awake and plot your revenge.
936	sarcastic	"I always try to go the extra mile for my customers" - new york's most hated cab driver
77	nonsensical	Im a bit hurt that my friends told me I'm condescending. Condescending is a big word that means you talk down to people.
715	juvenile	Why do college frat boys drink before bathing? Buds before suds, bro.
648	nonsensical	Jokes about white sugar are common, but brown sugar? Demerara.
813	dad joke	I'm really good at wrapping presents. It's a gift.
724	nonsensical	In Russia, Jesus finds you.
250	juvenile	How do mathematicians deal with constipation? They work it out with a pencil.
21	dad joke	I recently went to a gathering for turtles... ..bit dull. None of us came out of our shell.
745	dad joke	What did the cheese maker say after his factory was hit by lightning? I've created a muenster. I know, I know, it was cheesy joke.
251	sexual	How is the NFL like Brokeback Mountain? The Cowboys suck!
95	nonsensical	do you know what is worst than a bad joke?
104	dad joke	I rented a tuxedo then didn't need it. Do you know how hard it is to sublet a tuxedo?
343	offensive	The agony of dyslexia I stopped in to visit my dyslexic friend last night. He was busy covering his penis with black shoe polish. I said to him: "You idiot!" "You're supposed to turn your clock back!
252	offensive	What I learned from small crosses placed along the roadside with flowers. Christians are horrible drivers.
913	dark humor	Scientists have found a nearby 'habitable' planet. I think I speak for most humans when I say I soooo want to rape it.
633	dad joke	Q: What did Snow White say when she dropped off her film? A: "Some day my prints will come."
192	dad joke	Parallel Lines have so much in common It's a shame that they'll never meet
671	dark humor	What did the cannibal's parents say when she brought her boyfriend home ? 'Lovely dear he looks good enough to eat!'
43	nonsensical	Calm down with that charm bracelet, lady. Every time you move your hand I look around for Santa's sleigh.
980	offensive	The TV remote, the G-spot and black dads. Some things are just made not to be found.
683	juvenile	I wasn't upset about that black cat crossing my path but mouthing "you're fucked" as he passed was just rude.
860	juvenile	"That's what" -She
988	nonsensical	What's the difference between toilet paper and the shower curtain? So you're the one.... (only if you answered "i don't know")
93	offensive	Context is everything "Jesus loves you!" A lovely thing to hear in church. Not so much in a Mexican prison.
459	nonsensical	pedophile do you think pedophiles get depressed when they see a pregnant women walk into planned parenthood?
92	juvenile	I walked in on my roommate jerking it He got mad and told me to put it away
934	dark humor	My doctor said I should stop thinking so much, it's bad for my health and could damage my liver He also say's I'm half deaf
736	sarcastic	"Men are pigs" - misandrist &/or world's worst biologist
370	dad joke	How much does a pirate pay for corn? A buccaneer (I heard we're doing pirate jokes today)
253	offensive	How do you get rid of somebody? Give them a ticket for a flight on Malaysian Airlines and hope that they will live up to their reputation!
204	dad joke	What is it called when two celebrities are fighting? Star wars.
315	dad joke	I bet we can get into some serious Treble together.
611	nonsensical	I hate it when people don't close parentheses. (They're brackets by the way
959	dad joke	What color is the most metal? Ma*djent*a
188	dad joke	Jamiroquai, because Jamirodepwessed.
266	offensive	Why do you get ebola from a feminist? Because they don't shave, going down on them would be basically eating bushmeat.
365	sexual	So when a cop asks you why you have a handcuff key on your key ring, saying it was his wife's idea will get you a free ride in his cop car
873	satirical	After 8 years Americans prove the rumor to be false. They went black and now they are going back.
637	sexual	What does the penis say to the condom? Cover me I'm going in.
221	satirical	Do you struggle with rational thinking and basic literacy? Let us know in the comments below
257	juvenile	A giraffe walks into a bar. He slides up to the bar tender and says "High balls are on me".
115	nonsensical	Me: We didn't even have cell phones or the internet when I was your age. 6yo: Did you have bikes? Me....nope, we rode horses. 6yo: WOOOOW
467	satirical	is this Sara? hi, this is Tom from HS. my god its been years! Anyway, im calling because u changed your HBO Go password & I need the new one
325	nonsensical	What's big, huge and hairy? A Goliath bird eating tarantula.
66	dad joke	My favorite exercise is a mix between a lunge and a crunch It's called lunch
995	offensive	What did the roadman say when he saw the Mona Lisa? That's a peng ting.
409	juvenile	I like my fractions with me on top, and a common yourmominator on bottom.
321	nonsensical	I am the guy who keeps posting in the wrong sub! AMA!
401	dark humor	What's black and sits at the top of a staircase? Steven Hawking after a house fire.
990	nonsensical	How is /r/jokes like sex? I don't get it.
328	sexual	My wife wanted to spice up our sex life. So she asks me if I wanna have a threesome.     I said, "Sweetie. If I ever have sex with two women at the same time..... neither one is gonna be you."
905	dad joke	What do you call an intersection where a lot of Asians cross? A cross-wok.
11	sexual	What's the difference between an enzyme and a hormone? You can't hear the enzyme
28	sarcastic	Every woman should have four pets... A mink in her closet, a Jaguar in her garage, a tiger in her bed...and a Jackass to pay for all of it
598	nonsensical	I bought my kid some McDonald's today. He really doesn't like stocks though.
964	offensive	Why can't you hear a red heads footsteps Because they walk so gingerly
213	dad joke	Will Apple ever release a product that lasts for more than a few years? iDoubtit
931	sarcastic	Greatest days of my life: 3) Day I got married 2) Day my first kid was born 1) Day Facebook let you turn off notifications for their games
323	offensive	I made a fortune selling HIV testing kits to Africa In reality, it's just a bunch of lollipop sticks with "Yes" written on the side of them.
489	juvenile	I think Santa is a pimp all he talks about are Hos.
757	dad joke	Knock Knock Who's there ! Candice ! Candice who ? Candice get any better !
618	nonsensical	Seriously guys, people drive like shit when I'm tweeting
772	sexual	What happens if you put the Energizer Bunny's batteries in backwards? He keeps coming and coming and coming...
556	pop-culture	Which of the Three R's does this subreddit like to do the most? Reuse.
753	nonsensical	You're not old until a teenager describes you as middle-aged.
446	offensive	Restaurant Hostess: "Sorry about the wait." Me: "It's okay, you don't need to apologize for being overweight."
106	dad joke	A saber-tooth tiger arrives at a cave party Where it's friends had been partying with a bunch of cave-people. "I see I'm too late," says the tiger. "Yup," says another. "Everyone's eaten"
711	satirical	A 'red list' of endangered species has been released. It includes 'literate people on Facebook' and 'monogamous footballers'.
248	dad joke	What do you call an old John Cena? John Cenile
976	dark humor	In the street today, an unattractive woman asked for my number, so I gave her a fake. Still feel a bit guilty, as I'd just totaled her car.
733	pop-culture	Shopping for houses, it seems like a lot of the houses in my price range need some TLC... But I don't want no scrubs.
119	offensive	A handsome man walks into a bar and an ugly woman approaches him... all our servers are busy right now please try again in a minute (error code: 503)
166	sexual	When I grocery shop for the wife I always buy cucumbers smaller than me, just in case.
965	pop-culture	And Jesus said unto his 12 apostles as he was being nailed to the cross. Don't touch my fucking Easter eggs, i'll be back on Monday.
246	juvenile	I was on a date. "How many ladies have you slept with?" she said. I said, "Do you want me to round it to the nearest 10?" She raised her eyebrows and said, "OK..." I said, "Zero."
760	dark humor	How to explain to your parents that you are a prostitute Hey mom, remember when I said I was tight for money? Now I'm loose for money.
998	nonsensical	[at bank] *slides teller a note* Teller: Me: T: M: [winks] T: Seriously!? M: uh huh T: M: T: *slides me a lollipop*
609	nonsensical	I am an agent of Satan, but my duties are largely ceremonial.
823	dark humor	Oh look a Spider...... Oh look Listerine.... Oh look spider wiggling for life.... Minty fresh dead spider
