853	1	The 3D age began when Mario was in 3D. A gem for N64!Graphics: 10/10 For a 1996 game, these look great! It's clear and unfuzzy.Sound/music 9/10 Nice music and Mario talks!Gameplay: 10/10 Mario has to go through 15 vast, challanging worlds. Packed with a huge arsnel of moves, he searches for Power Stars in a "mission" there are also hidden stars in the castles! If you get all 120, you get a reward! Also, Mario has three cap Powerups: Invisibility, Metal, and Winged. You have to find them though.Believe it or not, I think this is one of the finest entries of the series. A must own! It's also being rereleased for the DS!
837	1	After checking GameSpot's (author's note: this was originally posted exclusively on GameSpot.com) and a few user reviews, I absolutely had to throw my two cents in. I couldn't help but laugh when I read the introduction of "Even with all its bells and whistles, Mario Kart 64 is very likely to disappoint you after about a week."When I picked up this game initially, my thoughts were "SWEET! A new Super Mario Kart!" I, unfortunately, never had an SNES of my own, so my fixes came in the form of time at my friend's house.This game is absolutely spectacular in every way. Yes, I do feel that it could benefit from maybe a higher difficulty level and there is also the fact that it's possible to clinch a Gold medal in a circuit (4 races) after finishing in the top spot in each of the first three races. However, other than these minor spots, I find it to be flawless. Everything from the graphics to the sound to the features are great. There is also a great amount of multiplayer available in this, with not only the up to four player split-screen, but the track ghosts as well. Track ghosts are saved data of your best race (single player only) on a course. The game saves not only your time but your entire race. When you race against your ghost, you can actually compare yourself second-by-second on the tracks and this also helps you to analyze spots and what you did to help you become a better racer.The items are what really make multiplayer fun, though. I've had many a time where I have something such as a ghost (which lets you steal and item and makes you invisible/invincible) while my friend had a lightning bolt (shrinks all opponents) and it's a quick reaction race to see who can get their item deployed first. To me, however, there is nothing more satisfying than hitting your opponent (especially if it's a friend instead of the computer) with a green shell (a shell that fires straight out, as opposed to the red homing shells) as he's about to cross the finish line to win, not just the race, but the circuit as well. And, yes, I actually did that to a friend of mine. Talk about bragging rights.Up to this point, I have kept (or at least tried to keep) retro-rating out of this review and I was considering dropping one of the five rankings to a 9 because I'm stingy with giving out perfect 10's. If I had rated this game when it first came out, it would probably be rated somewhere around 9.7 to 9.9. However, there is one reason, and one reason only, that I still own my N64 -- and that is to play Mario Kart 64 ... a decade later. (Note: I can't even say that about Zelda: OoT or GoldenEye.) That, in itself, I think warrants the move up to the perfect 10 rating. ... I guess this pretty much means that I'll have to give Super Mario Kart a 10 as well. I guess we'll see when I finally get it on Virtual Console. (For those of you who ask "Virtual Console? Why" Read: paragraph 2.)Overall: 10Gameplay: 10Graphics: 10Sound: 10Value: 10Tilt: 10
281	1	What can I say? This game is fun and funny at the same time. From mario flying around with the magic caps to Mario burning his [...] cheeks on the hot lava, this game is great! My only problem with this game is the freakin camera angles!!! AHHHHH sometimes I feel like I could just kick the Lakitu that controls the thing! Angles sometimes get soooo akward that it makes it difficult to make a jump correctly..or so you won't go flying down to your death. Other than that I give it a 4. Would be 5 if the camera was better.
576	1	Well let&#8217;s end the Crash Bandicoot trilogy on PlayStation with Crash Bandicoot 3: Warped. This game was released in 1998 and was once again, developed by Naughty Dog, published by Sony Computer Entertainment and distributed by Universal Interactive Studios. It was originally a PlayStation exclusive but was later re-released as a PS One Classic on the PlayStation Store.The game&#8217;s story takes place immediately after the events of the second game in which the ruins of the Cortex Vortex come crashing down to Earth and lands on a temple unleashing an evil entity known as Uka Uka who is Aku Aku&#8217;s evil twin brother; Aku Aku is the mask that helped Crash out in the first two games. Uka Uka joins with Doctor Neo Cortex and Doctor Nefarious Tropy as they plan to gather Crystals in their original places in time and use their energy to enslave the Earth.The game is once again a platformer with pretty much the same kind of controls as the second game. You can not only play as Crash but also as his sister Coco who was a supporting character in the second game. You travel back and forward in time to gather the 25 Crystals from the previous game in their original places in time before the enemy does; but don&#8217;t worry, the levels are completely different from each the second game. The game takes place in the Time-Twisting Machine which acts as the hub area of the game. The machine is split into five chambers with only the first chamber being available at the start. Each chamber has five buttons that open portals to different levels. The goal is the same as the second game; obtain the crystal hidden in the area. Some crystals can be obtained in the middle of the level or by completing a certain task such as winning a race. The gems are also back and can only be obtained by destroying all the boxes, or completing a hidden level or task. Once you obtain the five crystals in a chamber, a sixth button will appear that warps you to a boss who will fight you in order to get the crystals back. By defeating the boss, the next chamber will become available to play. By defeating a boss you unlock a new power, there&#8217;s the Super Slam which makes your body slam more powerful, the double jump, a tornado twister which lets you glide for a short period, a bazooka launcher which can be used to destroy crates or enemies or collect fruit and one ups and the running shoes which allow you to sprint.The newest main feature in the game is the &#8220;Relics&#8221; which can only be retrieved in a time trail mode for every level in the game. After you obtain a level&#8217;s crystal, you can go back to the level and collect the yellow clock at the beginning to start a time trail. The goal is to reach the end as fast as you can, but there are some differences: There are yellow time boxes that when destroyed will stop the clock for a short period of time, there are no checkpoint boxes so if you die, you have to start the level from the beginning; but there are plenty of Aku Aku masks to help you and that&#8217;s pretty much it. It proves to be very challenging and getting the Platinum relics is insanely difficult and even I never managed to get all of them.This game proves to be the best one in the entire series and one of my favorite games overall, period. I would highly recommend getting this game off the PlayStation Store for $6, this is a MUST PLAY. It really is one of the best.FINAL RATING:  10 out of 10
209	0	IF you're a collector then go for it, if not then this game is just more of the same.  It's still OK though.
610	1	Not one of the best games. I would have rather played Mario just once. I only play it for about two minutes. I fall asleep afterward.
933	1	This game is coooooollll! Me Abigail has this game and I have 120 stars. They were soo easy to find. I do not know how I became an expert at this. For your information, I am an expert in all of my video games. I must feel like the luckiest girl in the world. But I'll give you a little info:Title: Rainbow ride/ Star#2You'll have to take another magic carpet ride through low-flying areial obstacles to reach the cloud house. The blue blocks that float in your way are bigger on this carpet ride and you'll have to jump on them quickly before the carpet moves out from under your feet. The Magic Carpet will take you through the cloud house twice. On both trips, whatch out for the jet of fire that comes out from the fireplace! I'ts best to stay to the rear of the carpet until the fire is out, then go to theleading ledge of the carpet. If you get knocked off the carpet, it's a log trip back to a spot where you can remount it.( there's a warp to the top of the maze on the Cloud House Balcony.)
726	1	They took what was great about the first and somehow made it twice as good. These games are still great for people looking for a challenge, but I would advise first-time players to play the series in order, as each game builds up from the hardest point of the previous one by making difficult-to-learn skills from the previous one rudimentary things you NEED to know in order to play the next, as well as adding a bunch of new tricks and surprises. But, even though there isn't as much actual &#34;Tomb Raiding&#34; in this one, it is definitely a step up from the previous version. Also includes an awesome bonus level at the end where Lara's house is raided by a Mafia strike team. Although, does not include the other bonus levels from the extended version of the game. (The extended version has two more levels, but it's only for the PC)
48	1	Alrighty, let me just start off by saying don't let people who play "Final Fantsay 7" sway your judgement about this.  While "Final Fantsay 7" is an amazing game, it varies VERY HEAVILY from "Fighting Force", so what some people like (fun fighting games)and others love (RPG gamers) we are at war with the worlds.  It's better to agree to disagree here.  Okay, let us begin with the review.  I love this game.  From the very beginning where you can choose your favorite character (Mace Daniels is my personal favorite), to the last moment when you deliver a crushing blow to your enemy.  It is ingenius.  I love how you can pick up weapons like guns and bats and that you can deliver really "snazzy" throws/blocks.  Like people have said, it is like a "Streets of Rage" for the now.  Let me break it down overall for you:Graphics- Compared to now, it is not up to bar.  Compare it to when it frist came out, bar none!  5/5, although the animation can sometime slow down.Sound- Ain't nothing more prettier than hearing your enemies bone crunch!  5/5Control- Obviously this is the black-sheep of the family.  The controls are clunky and choppy, and sometimes they interfere with the great gaming experience.  Thank God for infinite health codes!  3/5 (ouch)Overall- Aside from the controls being what they are, the game is a smooth ride of fun fighting and brainless beat-'em-up.  I feel this game is totally undercredited, and that we need to change that.  ONLY YOU CAN PREVENT FOREST FIRES!
986	1	Ever since I was young, I have been in love with the Tekken series. Brings back a lot of good memories. I bought this game to bring back the memories and the fun. Though the graphics aren't as top notch at games these days are, but it's still an entertaining game to play. If you collect either Tekken stuff or video games, this is a must own.
338	0	hard to find game most anywhere and only had the opportunity to rent it a while back and wanted to play again. a lot like D and D I was told.
582	1	Banjo Kazooie is a game I've played many times since I got it in the early 2000s and while its fun, its not the most entertaining game I've played. There's two main objectives in Banjo Kazooie: hunting and gathering. You hunt for these jigsaw pieces called Jiggys to help you complete jigsaw puzzles to open worlds. You gather all sorts of items within each level like musical notes, Jinjos, Mumbo tokens, feathers, etc. This concept gets boring after awhile but nevertheless the game is pretty fun as a whole. I'd recommend the sequel, Banjo Tooie, instead as its 10 times more entertaining.
156	0	Star Soldier is very reminiscient of older scroll side-to-side games but once you've experienced the graphics and the newer style of play (ex: StarFox) it is somewhat antiquated.  The levels of difficulty are easy to navigate but the variety of scenery and the gameplay is very oldschool and plays itself out quickly.  Overall I would recommend it for those who want to play the old style but I wouldn't rate it better than the StarFox series or other flying games to date.
693	1	What can I possibly say about this game that hasn't been said a million times.Perfection.Groundbreaking.Beautiful.Just some of the words that come to mind when I think of Zelda 64.Zelda was my introduction to RPG's and what an introduction it was.The good.Everything.Graphics, story, pacing, etc...Insanely difficult in parts, I still can't beat the water temple without the walk through.And Ganon in the painting still has to be one of the coolest boss battles of all time.The bad?Nothing.One of the games that not only defined the N64 but a game that set the standard for excellence in RPG's.One of the best...ever.Highest recommendations.
863	1	This game was the premiere launch game for the Nintendo 64 when it premiered and despite the fact that it is only a single played game, pulls off fun gameplay and great graphics. Despite the fact of newer systems like Xbox, PS2, and even Nintendo's own Gamecube, I would still be happy to have this game sitting on my shelf next to games like Red Faction and Halo. This game prved itself showing off the power that the Nintendo 64 had and showed it off to the loyal people who bought one instead of a PS-X and even those who (like me) bought both a Nintendo 64 and a PS-X. But, not to mince words I'll explain the game. You are Mario one of the most well known characters in video game history. You play through this adventure all in 3D. This was one of the true selling factors of this game as it was Mario's first true step into the Third Dimension (Hushed Gasp). But, the game sold great and over time has proved in it's own right that it is a classic.
791	1	I loved this game when it first came out, and to this day it's one of my favorites. The wrestlers (most of them anyway) have a whole lot of moves, and they are not all the same for every wrestler. The inclusion of the "real" wrestlers' signature moves is very cool. One of the things I especially like about the game is the number of wrestlers on it. There are 62 of them --- that's a lot more than a lot of later wrestling games have. A few of them are locked at the start, but they're not really that hard to unlock --- at least not with the difficulty level on "easy." Several wrestlers who were later on the Legends games (Hogan, Macho Man, Sting, Bret Hart, Steiners, and others) are here. Some of the wrestlers are made-up, or at least I assume they are. The graphics are good. The wrestlers are blocky, but the "real" wrestlers' faces are very realistic. The play control is very good --- a lot better than the play control on World Tour. The 40-man Battle Royal is really cool. There are several different arenas, which is kinda neat but (in my opinion) doesn't really do that much for the game. The sound effects and music are (in my opinion) not great but good enough. The wrestlers don't have individual entrance music, but oh well --- no biggie (again, my opinion). There is no commentary, but that's fine with me because I always turn off the commentary on games, anyway. One of my fave game features is the Costume Change mode. This mode lets you take wrestlers and put other wrestlers' outfits on them, and lets you edit the colors of the outfits. That's fun (I think so, anyway)! You can even change the wrestlers' names, but why would you ever really want to do that (unless maybe somebody [like Giant] has changed their name in real life)? There isn't much if anything about this game that I have any major complaints about. Sure, it's dated now, but I still find it as fun as I did back in 1998 (I think that's when it first came out). Just because something is old now, that doesn't mean it isn't still good!
573	1	This game is blew me away! I didn't expect Ocarina to meet with my standards after playing the previous Zelda games.  They usually go stale and predictable, but Ocarina didn't do that.  It's a game for true fans of the adventure genre!  The dungeons are long and perilous, there are numerous side-quests, a great cast of characters, and a large world to travel!  If you have any doubts about this game, eliminate them.  You won't be dissapointed!
242	0	This game works great on my ps3 I would recommend this game for all arial fighting game thanks again love you guys thanks
993	1	Great Game One Of The Best Of N64 Next To Paper Mario And Zelda OoT Ofcourse Anyway Buy It If You Have A N64 And Also Get wCw Nitro For PS1 Anyway BUY THIS AND NITRO AND THUNDER ALL FOR PS1
789	1	Maybe its me, but Half Life is too crude to be an engaging play.  Been meaning to play it for years, but never got to it.  I played Half Life 2 first, and that is simply the best experience in gameing I've ever had.  It is brilliant.  I can see how 2 is a derivative and continuation of 1.But after a few hours, I simply could not take the constant jumping/missing/dying.  And the totally totally obscure paths through each scene.  The long passages with no health.  The obscure mazes and constant times of being squished.  After a while, I became so frustrated I simply stopped playing the game.There were some jump/fall/sqish episodes where replayed the silly jump part over 100 times.  I think that the playability is dated, just like the graphics.  The peculiar movement, where you always run, and have to press shift just to walk and not fall or overshoot where you're trying to get to, is simply not a current way to control movement.All in all, a charming prequel to the best game ever.  I'm sure this game was truly groundbreaking 7-8 years ago when it first shipped.  But by today's standards, its not for me at least.  I cannot wait for more from Valve, as they are fantastic.  But this one, I'll pass forever
981	0	Looking anywhere else people will charge more than $80 for an old wonderful game like this. Classic games like these are hard to come by, wish I had traded in LESS of my games when I was young.
499	1	Zelda: OOT is centered around a massive, circular field called Hyrule. Around this field are pathways which lead off to various different locations such as dungeons, castles, villages, volcanoes, etc... Each path will lead to usually one destination like a castle, and once explored, you travel back across Hyrule field and visist another pathway which leads to a different location. This makes areas more accessible, and it makes backtracking as less tedius as possible, due to the fact that you're not endessly travelling through pre-explored ares. Backtracking is an important feature of OOT, due to the fact that when you progress through the game you aquire objects which give you the ability to explore areas more thoroughly ... bombs for instance blow up walls that hide secret paths. Hockshots give you the ability to ascend to higher ledges. The Ocarina of Time opens secret doors. Thus, pre explored areas which you thought were unimportant can in fact conceal the most important instruments and dungeons in the game. This is compounded, when at one point in the game you aquire the Master Sword. This is a special sword which, upon claiming, makes you and the world age by seven years, and by doing the reverse, putting the sword back in it's mold, makes you and the world 7 years younger. The good thing about this is that the past and future are profoundly different. The future is controlled by evil, whereas the past is controled by good. Needless to say, your mission in the game is to liberate peice by peice the future world from the evil Ganondolf. However, in order to do so you must travel back and forth in time creating situations which will have an impact on the future world.A main part of this game is the ocarina of time. Depending on what tune you play, the ocarina will turn night in to day, make it rain, open secret doors, or make blocks disappear, amoung other things.  This adds an important layer to the game, for you have to use your brain in order to work out which song is necessary to progress. For instance, after spending hours wondering what to do, the idea could suddenly hit you, "Should I play Zelda's Lullaby in front of the waterfall?" If successful, the waterfall will stop and a passageway will display itself, thus giving you a tremendous satisfied feeling. The actual songs you learn in the game are some of the best songs in computer game history. In fact, only Computer World by Kraftswerk can compare to the greatness of the music in OOT.By the time Zelda: OOT was released the difficulty in games was just perfect. Your heart was racing when you met a worthy adversary, you were fustrated when you died, you were delighted when you succeeded. Fustration and anger are both necessary in games because it's those feelings which make you truly delighted when you succeed...  Unfortunetly, since OOT, games have become so easy that a huge part of the joy in completeting them isn't there anymore.
108	1	My first Ace combat game was Electrosphere or number 3 in 98 so 12 years later i decided to give this one a go.  It's a lot of fun, and after you configure your controls to how you like it becomes even better.  Compared to 3, this one is a bit more fast paced, but the graphics are noticeably lower in quality.The one quarrel I have, though it is a given for all pre 96ish (i think) PlayStation games is you can't use the analog sticks, which i always used in the third AC, and even though it's just a little stick, not having it really takes away from the flying feel.
768	1	Okay, I normally love everything Lucas Arts puts out, but this...I really, honestly loathed this game! The gameplay was repetitive, hard, and booring. Basically, it is every vehicular battle from the trilogy, put on a game.While this had great potential, and awesome graphics, I cannot reccomend it.
840	1	This game is a really good game. There is a good storyline to it and challenging. But isn't Spyro's best. It's a good game in the end.
932	1	yeah the cpu is like  completley retarded gulie does not counter with his flip kicks ryu doesnt ever do his shukoken uppercuts to counter but  some of the characters can be pretty hard like T. Hawk but i just dont get the street fighter arcade - like feeling
301	0	works well for me, except i can't get my championships to show at the end. Im not sure if that is a glitch or not.
387	1	Whoever hates this game should be shot! This is one of the greatest games ever! It's the best of Link! GameSpot gave it a 10! Anyway, enough prasing it. On to my review...Graphics: 10/10: Looks really good for the time. Big, vast valleys, long mountains, clear water, beautiful guts of Jabu-Jabu...Sound: 10/10: Clash! AHHH! HAHA!  HIYA! Beautiful Ocarina sounds! BOOMM!Music 11/10: Beautiful music. Ocarina songs are deep and moving. Composed beautifully.Gameplay: Infinity/10 Awesome! Go through many dungeons filled with tough enimies and hard puzzles! Talk to people in town! Play many, minigames! Stealth! This is  extremely fun and addictive! Hidden items. You can also find 99 Gold Skullutas! Play an Ocarina! Controls are flawless!One of the greatest games of all time. Don't play it-live it!PS. Why has Amazon combined OOT and MM into one? It's confusing, and it's depleting the rating! Also, Gerry Atrick, the reviewer above me, was that troll review even nesscery? You said to contact you  if anybody knew how to get out of the Deku Tree. Well, 1: Look on a gaming site and 2: How can anybody contact you if they don't know your address. And NO, there isn't a cheat to make Link naked. It's E-rated! Ah well, whaddya expect from a guy from Ireland...
491	1	Like Super Mario and Donkey Kong this game is a classic. The good gameplay and graphics pay off.  This is worth the money.
919	1	From the cool first cutcene to the classic music that plays while picking a character, you know this is special.Don't just button mash, learn the combos because this is the only game(out of 100)that has made me curs at the TV. If you're a beginner, start of with someone with fast kicks like marchial Law and not Jack 2. BUY THIS because it's an ABSOLUTE CLASSIC.
50	1	Grand Theft Auto - Circa 1997GOOD:- The roots or start of a super popular franchise- Sort of fun and different in it's own wayBAD:- Really, really dated graphics, even for its day- Gameplay is pretty old and controls can be tough for someWILL IT FIT YOUR TASTE:- A Top-down run and gun game where you steal cars, kill people, and live a life of crimeGAME ITS MOST ASSOCATED TOO:- Grand Theft Auto: London 1969- Grand Theft Auto 2- The legend of Zelda: A link to the past (but a lot more urban and violent)ADDITIONAL NOTES:- There is a version of this game for Game Boy Advance- There is a version of this game that comes packed with Grand Theft Auto: London 1969- All three levels (or cities) in this game later on became their own Grand Theft Auto game, example the first level is liberty city which is the city from GTAIII, The second level is Vice city which is the same city from GTA: Vice City, and last but not least is the third level San Andreas which is the same city/state for GTA: San Andreas
217	1	Ok, alot of people hate this game - but i cant complain with it.Although some of the levels are annoying (i hate the 2nd level of india with a passion) at least it held mostly to the name of Tomb raider (the 2nd, and 4th onwards) should be named "City Raider" the graphics are kinda yellowish. the lighting can be harsh. but its a lengthy game - took me almost 6months to beat (partially cause i jumped triliogy installments)but its an ok game. its better than the 2nd, and way better than all the others afterwards - but doesnt messure up to the original.
888	1	Possibly the most original game idea in the history of adventure games, _Grim Fandango_ has a charm which is all in the execution.  This is as close to being in a movie as the adventure game genre has yet allowed.  Blending the tradition of Mexican folklore with the suave of sixties' beat  culture and the style of _The Big Combo_, _Fandango_ is a sensory  explosion.  Somewhat courageously, it does *not* attempt to make its  graphics realistic.  Rather, it searches successfully to use its medium to  best effect.  Like the best films, _Fandango_ manipulates its elements to  produce a world unto itself.  Its first-rate direction and hitherto  unique-to-adventure-games 3D technology  points the way forward for the  adventure games.True, some of the puzzles are hard, but none of them  really seem out of place.  Indeed, there is with _Grim Fandango_ a true  sense of plot.  Maybe the characters don't develop as they do in novels or  great films, but, thanks to fine vocal talent and crisp writing, they do  maintain charming integrity throughout.If I have a complaint with the  game, it is the interface by which your character, Manny, communicates with  others.  You choose from among several sentence options, like those old  &quot;choose-an-ending&quot; books.  It's not a *bad* way to play a game, I  suppose, but just as multiple choice tests are always easier than writing  essays, being able to choose from amongst a few limited options make it  easier to get information out of the rest of the game's cast.  As a  result, solving problems is sometimes dead simple.  Of course, there aren't  many better options for game developers trying to give players a sense of  control of their destinies, but it makes one long for the day when the  promise of a game like _Titanic_, with its limited ability to understand  unique phrases typed in by the player, might be more fully realized.Some people, though, might like the fact that they exhaust their  investigations of other characters pretty quickly.  It does speed game  play, and isn't as frustrating as trying to find the right questions on  your own might be.  This *is* a big game, with lots of scenes and lots of  people to meet.  Speed-of-play matters.  So, even if I personally believe  there must be a better way to communicate to other characters, I can hardly  rate the game down for what is possibly the best solution currently  available.Thus, even if you think you don't like adventure games, you  should still buy _Grim Fandango_.  Likewise, if you don't have time to play  adventure games, you should get a walkthrough and cheat your way to the  end, because the graphics, story, and soundtrack are just that good.  This  is one of the seminal achievements in the genre, and to miss out on it  would be to accept a huge gap in your understanding of where the games  industry might be heading.
74	1	I played unreal when I was 9 and beat it in a week.The game is just plain awsome.  Unfortenutly that was 7 years ago and I doubt this will work on XP but when Im at his house I always play this amazing game.  The begining is friggin scary when youre in the abandon space ship and all you hear are the lives of the sapce crew screaming and beging for there lives.Later you soon find out that they are being torn apart by these disturbing creatures or aliens I might say.  More games should be like this.The only game to be like this would probably be The suffering cause you here the voices of the CO's getting torn apart by weird disturbing creatures.  Maybe not the only game but there a little few games that are like UNreal.The begining parts were the best for me.  The scream the horror.  I think this is suppose to be a survival horror game. I donno but Get this game but I think they dont make this game any more?  Any ways get this and UNREAL TURNEMENT.  AWSOME GAMES!
126	0	This was the first 'Kart' game quite like this.. there isn't any 'Kart' game like this either outside of the Mario franchise. If you think you can find a better Karting game out there, I'd like to see you find it and show me, because from my finds and plays, this is the only game that is worth playing. From DK to Bowser, Peach to Toad, this game has most of the characters that have been involved with Mario in some way. The graphics are great for its time, the sound is fun, the worlds are colorful, the idea is great. Who wouldn't like this game- at ANY age? I'm not sure, but if you don't, you amy need to see a doctor. This is the best Kart game ever, and the best Mario Kart game ever.
566	1	well theres tons of different levels and stages you can go through.each fighter has his own special powers.before you get started youll need to inject caffiene directly into your thumbs to keep up with the computer guy.at first you should take lou kang.hes the easiest guy to learn.everythings easy once your caffiene kicks in up un til you run into goro.hes not even the boss but hes the toughest guy by far on every level.hes a big huge guy who can kill you in like 5 hits.when you hit him,it barely fazes him.just do something repeatedly like raiden[theres a real japanese god called raiden] and his torpedo spear or quan chis tele stomp.the fatalities are very gruesome.one involves a guy ripping off the other dudes leg and then beating him to death with it.ps-for some stupid reason all the cs are ks in this game.
263	0	I have played this game before and it is very fun! That is why I came to Amazon to order myself another copy of the game so that I could go back in time and enjoy a classic game. However, I bought it from the seller &#34;Warehouse Deals, Inc&#34; and I did NOT get my game and there is no place for me to get in contact with them. Watch Out!
718	0	"Castlevania 64" offers you the experience of seeing a Castlevania adventure in a free-roaming, 3-D realm. I have played every Castlevania game right back to the NES days, and this is a good addition to a fine series. This is a great game, but not as good as "Castlevania: Symphony of the Night" for Playstation.To start on a positive note, there is a lot of depth added thanks to the 3-D graphics. You can roam freely, battle monsters face-to-face, and search for hidden items without the constraints of side-scrolling. The control is responsive, and the buttons are easy to figure out, which is good considering the pace of the game. The 3-D worlds are huge, and are fun to explore. The sound is also excellent. You can hear the clatter of bones, the snapping of jaws, and the cracking of whips clearly, without that horrible distortion that we all remeber from earlier installments.The cons of this game are mostly technical, nothing to do with the graphics or storyline. First of all, the camera can be a servere pain sometimes. It often lingers when you don't want it to, and the response time for panning and scanning is pertty bad.The control is good, but sometimes it is clunky when you need to perform delicate movements. I remember the first level when I kept falling into the water and dying when I tried to jump from one ledge to another and missed by one inch. Also, a map would be helpful. Certain areas look the same as others, and sometimes, I cannot tell where I have been and where I am going. But as I said, these are more technical flaws. They don't exactly ruin the game.Overall, this game is fun, and gives a whole new depth to the long-running series. But as good as this is, "Castlevania: SOTN" for Playstation is much better.
597	1	Tomb Raider 3 is the hardest of the Tomb Raider series (at least in my opinion). It has a very complicated plot, decent graphics, and a moderate amount of action--although I have not completed it myself. It could use more action and less puzzles, however. The biggest problem with it that I've faced is that it has a lot of bugs and errors throughout. Some errors can be fixed without a lot of hassle, others can be fixed but with a lot of hassle, and some can't be fixed at all. Myself, I don't have a lot of patience, I just play the game because I love challenges. So, unless you have a LOT of patience, or enjoy tough challenges like I do, TR3 is not for you.
670	0	Loved playing Dirt 2 and I thought the graphics were good.  Purchased Dirt 3 as an addition to the other...and the graphics are absolutely "Gorgeous"  If you liked Dirt or Dirt 2...you are going to love Dirt 3.  The game was easier to configure with my Logitech wireless rumblepad...and with my EVGA GTX 580, and all detail set to full on graphics at 1920 x 1080 I get over 100 fps.  The game looks good, plays well and is a blast!
310	1	I *hate* this game.  Let me state right away: graphics in a WWE wrestling game mean absolutely NOTHING to me.  The graphics in WWF War Zone are pretty good (and original, back in the day) but who cares?  It seems the only thing wrestling video game fans today are interested in is looking at their television set in amazement because the wrestlers look realistic, and their movements true to life.  Who cares?  When War Zone first hit the scene in the late 90's yeah, the graphics WERE cool.  Not now, especially when the only thing the WWE cares about these days is impressing gamers with realism.You know, WWF War Zone was the very first game that brought the graphics to a whole new 3D level.  A whole new level of crap.  You see, it makes me sick that the WWE wrestling games for 10 years now are all basically the same.  Let me explain why this is a bad thing.You know when you buy an updated sports video game (such as football or hockey) and the only thing different about it from the previous year are a couple new player names, and maybe some new options here and there?  That's exactly what the WWE has done with their video games.  For the last 10 years all the WWE games have been WAY too similar to each other, and it completely sucks out the fun when every new wrestling game that hits the market only offers a slight difference over the previous years game.It doesn't matter if it's Smackdown, Smackdown 2, WWE Raw for the Xbox, WWE Wrestlemania for the Gamecube, etc.  Those games are all the same- a lousy attempt to impress gaming and wrestling fans with realism.  I'm all for realism, but it DOES NOT MATTER in a wrestling game.  A wrestling game is like any other video game in that it SHOULD be all about having fun with it.  And I can't have fun with a wrestling game released today that, more or less, is exactly the same as a wrestling game from 10 years ago.  It makes me sick to think 10 years later, hardly anything has changed in the world of wrestling video games.Before WWF War Zone, you had WWF In Your House which, to this day, is a game that completely stands apart from other WWE wrestling games (along with WWF Wrestlemania: The Arcade Game).  Before those games you had the button-smashing delight of WWF Raw on the Super NES and Sega Genesis.  Once again, the formula in those old-school wrestling games didn't stick around and overstay its welcome.  Over 10 years with games just like WWF War Zone IS too much.The very second WWF War Zone came out on the Playstation and N64, it all went wrong.  Game companies got the idea that people wanted realism in their wrestling games, so from that point on ALL the WWE games had to be about having realistic-looking gameplay and wrestler appearances, and the fun factor washed away like sandcastles on the beach.  It's hard to have fun with a game when the year before you were playing the same thing.  After a while you get sick of it.WWF War Zone is an innovative game for taking wrestling to new heights, but it was the WORST thing that could have happened.  Graphically, WWF War Zone is the first of its kind.  Being the first means it's bound to have some flaws (despite the fact that existing is its biggest flaw!)  Another MAJOR problem with the game is how SLOW it is.  After the adrenaline-rushing WWF In Your House, we now experience wrestlers walking around in the ring VERY slowly.  Painfully slow, in fact.  Going from WWF In Your House to WWF War Zone is like going from a cheetah race to a snail race.  Your grandparents can wrestle each other faster than the wrestlers in this game.  To be fair, the ONLY thing WWF wrestling games today have improved is the speed.  Everything else is the same as it was 10 years ago.WWF War Zone also started the popular "create a wrestler" mode.  But it doesn't matter because, as I mention above, wrestling games for 10 years have had that option.  It's an option that has lost its charm because of overkill, and it's time game companies got rid of it, or did something to drastically change it.  It was a fun and interesting idea at first but now, 10 years later, I don't want to have it in a wrestling game ever again.I tried getting rid of WWF War Zone at a yard sale but no one wanted it, so I had to get rid of it by throwing it away.  No way was I keeping such a crappy game in the same shelf with MUCH more deserving Playstation games.If only WWE was more innovative with their wrestling games today, instead of repeating the same formula every year, I wouldn't have to keep going back and pointing out WWF War Zone as the game where the downfall began.  After 10 years, updating the graphics and adding just a few new options and wrestlers doesn't get the job done.
804	1	Ive had Tomb raider since July and this game is off the meters!! When I first played it, I was frustrated with the controls, but once u learn them, this game is the best!!! The worlds are long and puzzling, but its never too hard to finish. The action and suspense make u feel like its a movie. I reccomend this to anybody who likes action or 007 fans like me. You WILL love it, trust me.
878	1	Okay so when I decided I wanted to buy a "new" nintendo 64, my brain automatically said "now where can I find super mario". Hours upon hours were spent on this game when I was a tweenager and I had so much fun with it. So I went out as soon as I could and bought it again.I was kind of worried, because I had gotten some games with my system that I used to this were fun also but they ended up being a little too easy since I'm older now, but when I got this and played it it was exactly the same. Some easy levels, and some that take forever to get through, but in a good way.I have had it for a month now and haven't gotten bored with it yet. So I recommend this game to people of all ages. I even let my 3 year old brother try it out and he had a blast, even though he had no clue how to really navigate 100%.BUY IT.
849	0	ive played this game on my pc when i was really young. i thought it was actually creepy (which i kinda still do). i just love the myst series and this is my favorite. i got it for ps1 to play on my ps3 and its still that awesome game i remember it as! the case i got it in was pretty broken, but its just a case. THAT can be replaced. i really wish they still made games like this.
581	1	haven't play for long time and love this game as enjoy play. it good play game I guess well alright
865	1	I came across this game in 1999 and immediately recognized it from the cartoon from back in the 80's.  I played it just to try it and I wound up getting so addicted I had to buy it for my N64.  I would stay up til all hours playing it.  It's rare for a game to hook me like that but this is one that is challenging yet fun so you can't help but say "okay I'ma try one more time then I'm turning it off" and still be playing a couple of hours later.The Water Temple was the biggest pain for me because I tend to rush into things and wouldn't do things right as far as the puzzles went.  I loved the Forest Temple as a kid.  The weapons are easy to use and play a role in a fair share of what you do.  The boomerang has a few uses such as getting items that are out of reach, hitting switches, and killing enemies.  The ones I loved were bombs except when I got too close to them.  lolI don't remember much else about the game since it's been a while since I had time to play it.  I do know it took me quite a while before I managed to get some things such as all the Poes and Golden Skulltulas but no matter how many times I play this game it doesn't lose its appeal.  Like I said, it's challenging but not so hard that you throw the controller down in frustration and give up.It's the second easiest game of the three Zelda's I've played.  Twilight Princess, although very in depth, was easy and Majora's Mask was the hardest but only because I kept running out of time when doing certain tasks.  Ganon was hard for me to kill at first but I think now that I've played it enough and therefore fought him enough I know what to expect and I can now anticipate what he's going to do and react accordingly.All in all, I recommend this game even if the system it was made for is pretty much a thing of the past.
448	1	Let me tell you all about this great game. I wouldn't want to give the story away, but let me tell you: The original two are no match for this great game! This game has 30 new colorful and nice levels, and 2 hidden ones. Almost all of them have nice and pretty graphics. There are more features too. For one thing, there is the Time Trial mode, in which you go through the levels in a certain amount of time, and you will get relics. You can play as Coco, riding her adorable tiger Pura, a jetski, a blimp, and a couple more. Crash himself can do some more things, like a Super Belly Flop, a Double Jump, a Triple Spin, use Speed Shoes and use a Fruit Bazooka for long range attacks. Also, he can ride an airplane, a motorcycle, a baby T-Rex and more. Also, even dying is humorous. Now for the game's one flaw: It is hard to be challenged. However, there are 3 types of relics. If you get all of the Sapphire Relics, you can get a really good ending. If you get all the Gold Relics, you get 105%. But the Platinum Relics require a master to collect. So, if you like all that's said, and even if you didn't, you will definitely love it.
485	1	This was a pretty good game, but not a great game. I'd probably rate this closer to 3 1/2 stars. You are agent Craig Wilmore. Scully &amp; Mulder have disappered and it's your job to find them. You have several locations to go to and many people to talk to in your search. A couple of the features I really like was you actually have a shoot out that you control in one location and in another location, you have to do a real time search to catch the &quot;bad&quot; guys towards the end. Most of the cast members from the show are here (Skinner, The Cigarette Smoking Man, &amp; The Lone Gunmen), but they weren't used nearly enough. There were some cool explosions and the story was pretty good, but they could have made this a little harder in some aspects and a little easier (like being able to get a password for your own computer. Why was this so hard?). Overall, a good game, but just a few more additions and changes and this could have been a great game.
419	0	I love the tomb raider series,except for this one!!!!! It's way to hard and it won't let you save unless you find a save crystle. After that, I switched to the pc vesion which has unlimited saves but there is only one problem...IT'S TO OLD FOR WINDOWS XP!!So buy at own risk but if you want to play it and you have an old computer I recommend the pc version.
148	0	I played this game a lot when I was little. It was always fun and I enjoyed it. The music in the background, the colors, the graphics; its all great. The coolest thing is that this game is one of a kind, and it is really a good one to add to any Nintendo 64 collection. Gameplay is easy and overall a really awesome game!
557	1	The Mario series from Nintendo has consistently produced games that are refreshing and innovative, not to mention extremely addictive and fun to play.  First there was the original Super Mario Brothers and Super Matio Brothers 3 for the NES, to Super Mario World for the SNES, and now Super Mario 64 for the N64.  The game is 5 years old now, but it's still just as fun to play as ever.  The graphics and sound make excellent use of the N64's capabilities to create a 3D world that was just jaw-dropping in 1996 and is still pretty awesome today.As others have said, the basic story of the game is classic Mario:  Bowser has kidnapped the Princess, and Mario must rescue her.  To do this, he must collect a minimum of 70 stars from the 15 worlds in the game.  These worlds are accessed by jumping through paintings and other objects scattered throughout the Mushroom Castle, plus there are 15 stars contained within the castle itself.  Although you only need 70 stars to finish the game, there are a total of 120 stars available for collection, and you won't be satisfied until you have collected each one.  The 15 worlds have varying levels of difficulty, but each and every world has some easy stars and some that are very difficult.  It took me about 100 hours total to collect all 120 stars and rescue the Princess the first time.  Each level has a different theme.  Some are on mountains, some are in water-filled caves, and there is one set inside a giant clock.  My personal favorite is the haunted house level.The gameplay in Mario 64 is exceptional.  Mario has many different types of moves, ranging from tiptoeing around sleeping enemies, to a great long jump, to a very difficult-to-master wall jump.  You must master all the moves if you expect to get all 120 stars.  Also, there are three special hats scattered throughout the game that allow Mario to fly, walk underwater, and become invisible.  Again, all are vital for 120 stars.After you finally win, you might expect that you will never want to take on such a huge task again.  But, such is not the case.  Even though you have all 120 stars, you can go back to levels you have beaten and play them over and over, as much as you want.  You'll be tempted to do just that.  The experience of playing through the incredible world of the Mushroom Castle is such that you will be coming back for many repeat visits.
324	1	I remember when my parents got me this game for Christmas 8 years ago! That was good times! Liberty City's based on New York City featuring Brocklyn based on Brooklyn, Kings based on Queens, Brix based on Bronx, Manhaddan based on Manhattan, but no island based on Staten Island!  Liberty City's bordered by the Garden State of New Guernsey based on the Garden State of New Jersey!  Very decent graphics by 1997 standards!  Realistic car controls!  Realistic gun fights!  No so realistic fist fights.  Good music!  There are 2 more cities to unlock such as the unidentified city in the Golden State of San Andreas based on San Francisco, California and Vice City in the Sunshine State of Florida based on Miami, Florda!  So get out there, grab a car, and have some fun!
38	1	Hey all you people, this game is an absolute good. Barely any flaws and it is like you are playing the game in reality. This is a 5 star game.Why, you ask? This is the proof:1.Gameplay- It takes you a while to master the controls and stuff, but with practice, this wouldn't be frustrating at all!2.Graphics- Great! As I said, everything is 3-D like the Deku Tree and Link himself. Take a look!3.Lifespan- I heard that people who knows Zelda games really well could beat this in a week. But you guys out there that is starting a new adventure, would last forever for no boring parts of the game. There is a lot of words to say, but its worth it.4.Fun-This game is a 99.8 fun game, in my opinion of course. I am stuck on the Deku tree of how to get past the spiders. See, challenging, and fun!5.Sound-You gotta be kidding me! The Sound and music is great! Different sounds occur in different environments for the better!Listen Closely!6.Overall- This game is an absolute no miss game! Guranteed. This is a good game who likes RPG, or collects Zelda Games. This is, (I think) better than Majora's Mask. This Game Follows the Legend!!! Honestly.
587	1	When I heard about turok 2 comming out I was so friggin phyced!I wasnt dissapointed.It was even bettter than the first.  It wasa little sci fi for me though.  And what was up with turok...He looked so young.  I really didnt get the story.  If you get the cheats its even better!  Even more awsome weapons for you touse.  You kick alien ass and take names!This is one of my favorite sequals for a video game.Its very original.  The game is frustrating without cheats butits really fun and cool.  Its pretty much as violent as thefirst one.I love this game!Great graphicsGreat gameplayGreat story....Kina confused with turok bein youngOVER ALLITS A GREAT GAME!WAY TO GO ACCLAIM!
439	0	i loved the first and second tomb raider's and this one is just amazing. i love the story, the graphics are good, the gameplay is really easy, and it's relatively easy. i know that many people say that this game is way too hard, but there seriously mistaken, it's really not that hard. it's much like the other tomb raiders. i still play it, it's such a good game.get this if you liked the other tomb raider games. and pay no attention to the reviews that give this game 1,2 or even 3 stars! just stick to that 4's and the 5's.oh, one more little thing... if you have vista or a laptop you may have some sound effect problems, but it usually fixes itself after you play it for a few hours.
410	1	When the N64 system first kicked off, one of its first titles was "Star Wars: Shadows of the Empire".  "Shadows..." was a very entertaining version of novel it was based on.  It had challenging, yet rewarding, levels and overall solid gameplay.  However, it had two marks against it.  The first was that graphics had not fully realized the potential of the N64 and resembled SuperNES games on certain boards.  The second is that, except for the sheer enjoyment of the playing the game again, "Shadows..." lacks any real replay value.  The introduction of "Star Wars: Rogue Squadron" (based on a series of very successful novels) to the N64 environment corrected these problems and set a whole new standard for action/adventure games on ANY platform."Rogue Squadron" focuses on the missions of the famed Rogue Squadron, thought to be the most dangerous and lethal fighter pilot unit in the entire galaxy.  Led by the legendary Wedge Antilles, the squadron fights 16 regular missions (and 3 bonus missions) ranging from defending the homestead on the deserts of Tatooine to rescuing prisoners from the spice mines of Kessel to battling the terrifying 'World Devastators' on Mon Calamari.  That just barely scratches the surface of the exotic locales where missions take place.  The graphic environment is much more advanced this time around.  No more static matte backgrounds.  Everything is fluid and moves with the player.  The gameplay has also been enhanced.  Greater control is afforded to the joystick button on the control pad when it comes to manipulating the ships.  Overall, it makes for a spectacular gaming experience."Rogue Squadron" also adds a new twist that dramatically enhances its replay ability.  It awards medals (bronze, silver, gold) for defeating a level with increasing degrees of efficiency.  Achieving all of a certain kind of medal on all the regular missions also unlocks bonus missions.  This creates a greater challenge and a greater sense of accomplishment once the challenge has been met.There is only one minor quibble about "Rogue Squadron".  In the game designers' quest to make a very demanding game, they make some of the levels almost too hard to defeat even with the highest level of skill.  The most glaring example of this is the level 'Raid on Sullust'.  Flying as a (supposedly) heavily armored Y-Wing, one is supposed to be able to fly skillfully and defeat the mission.  However, the board is heavily populated with missile turrets that defend each of the 12-15 targets that must be hit.  With skillful flying, it may be possible to knockout 3 or 4 of those targets and corresponding guns and turrets before dying, but on the life, it's likely the next ship could be destroyed in less than 10 seconds.  With only 3 ships per mission, it's impossible to defeat that mission without using the 'unlimited lives' cheat code (which will NOT be revealed here).  However, there's no shame in using that code, and it is necessary if one intends to achieve the silver or gold medals.  So, it's a minor annoyance."Rogue Squadron" raised the bar to an exceptionally high level for action/adventure games that other platforms have repeatedly shown a failure to meet.  Nintendo still gets it, though, as it followed this game with the even more successful "Rogue Leader" for GameCube.  "Rogue Squadron" is a must have for any serious gamer's library.
53	1	I still remember when I first bought this game in the 90's and I still playthe game from time to time for both entertainment and nostalgia.  As with most of the pc games in the 90's there was no type commands but just the point and click with the mouse usually but still the humor and video cut scenes in the game were more than enough to keep you playing until the end.  The short story-plot was your character was a civil servant for the spiritual plane where the recently departed had to stop before making their final passage to eternal rest.  Your character for whatever reason had to work off a certain amount of time to clear his debt before going to the place of eternal rest as well.  The job was you worked to see how well the person who just died was in life meaning the more compassionate, and humane they were in life the faster to paradise they would get to meaning the usual ways to get to paradise depending on the person was bus, boat, car, and if very high on the morality meter the number nine train which would only take nine minutes for the person to get to paradise.  Of course there was more to the game and that is why it made it very entertaining to play.  The video graphics are of the 90's era so again if your used to playing recent pc games you might feel the graphics are sub par but don't let that dissuade you from this game.  The voice actors they got to do the characters were incredible both in their acting for their characters and their ability to bring the humor and excitement into the game itself.  I know while some think this doesn't have the fighting or the action of recent pc games but I still feel that it's one of the few classics that many people will still find very enjoyable to play both for themselves and children without worrying about to much violence of the game.
600	1	If they made more games like this, I'd be a pauper. Intelligent, funny, easy to use, easy to solve, and no bloody chess problems. It's also thought-provoking, gorgeous, well-written, and as believable as talking skeletons and elevator demons can make it. One of my favorites that I play over and over again. One caveat: At least one puzzle seems to be tied to processor speed, so if you have a fast machine you'll need to download a patch from the manufacturers' website. Well worth the trouble, though.
688	1	The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time may be difficult at times for some of the temples were designed to make you think but this game is the best game I have ever played in my entire life.I have been playing nintendo for years and I have played some of the older Zelda games before but I never owned any, as soon as I tried this game - I immediately loved it and I've played it millions and millions of times.  I am so obsessed with it, I went out and pre-ordered the Wind Waker to get the Zelda bonus disc and renewed my subscription twice to Nintendo Power to get the Zelda Collector's Edition disc.There is no need for me to review this game - all I really need to say is buy it.  You will not be disappointed (if you are a nintendo fan or have a brain).  Definitely be sure to get the follow up Majora's Mask and the Wind Waker.  A must play and Link is the best hero ever.
880	1	I was never a really big fan of sci-fi, and Star Wars just wasn't my thing. I couldn't really care less about those darned rebels. Obviously, my expectations for Rogue Squadron that summer day were not very high.But you know what? I played the first mission and I was pleasantly surprised. The game actually wasn't that bad!  It was actually quite entertaining just flying around and shooting these drones out from the sky. The game really isn't that easy to learn, especially if you buy the game used without an instruction booklet. There are basically a lot of nooks and crannies that I have yet to figure out, like what right-C does, or how bombs work. But the introductory missions are fun and pretty easy. However, the gameplay got to be quite repetitive. I mean, you just go around and shoot enemies from the sky. Yay. There are also a lot of sections where you have nothing to do, and it gets boring. Maybe I could have moved on to the third mission.I also realized how visually stunning the game is. I have an Expansion Pak, so I really don't have a clue what the game would be like without it, but the graphics are just so crisp, at least certain features. The buildings and structures and ships and stuff look great, almost to the level of Half-Life. But the graphics for the people/Storm troopers leave more to be desired. They are obviously sprites. The music does have a Star Wars feel to it, and that's growing on me. I sometimes get certain tunes stuck in my head, and I don't mind. Most of the music is in the menus, though. 40 minutes of speech is nice, if only I could understand half of it. Rogue Squadron has no multiplayer, which is too bad. It would have been fun. Oh well. Overall, I actually kind of enjoyed this game.
717	1	What isn't great about this game? I'm so glad that this game has so many reviews because it definitely deserves it. Ocarina of Time remains one of my favorite videogames of all time. Yes, the generation of gaming is getting wider and graphics are getting beautiful with each console but The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time, on N64, doesn't add up to them. Well, at least to me it doesn't. I've seen a few 1 star reviews about people bashing the game only because it's no "everquest" or "Halo". This game is so good that you don't compare its style or graphics with something in today's modern gaming. This is an old school game. You just don't compare old games to new ones. I believe there's a favorite for every generation. This one happened to fall into the N64 genre, when gaming was really starting to pick up. And honestly, you think over 700 5-star reviews were written all by children? We were children when we all played the game! And looking back as adults now we cherish it as a classic and one of the best in videogame history. Kids that didn't get to exprience the NES, SNES, and N64 missed out on a great gaming genre and though the generation of gaming today is awesome there's nothing on the classics.Ocarina of Time remains my favorite game of all time, even before some of my new favorites and there's nothing like turning on that N64 and playing over and over again. I never tire of this game. It is a true classic.
244	1	Tiberian sun is an example of how a real time game should be.  Great campains where you can be either Nod or GDI.  This game also has great skrimishes.  Where you can play the computer on a diffrent level of  difficulty and can play anwhere from 1-7 enimies.  With alot of diffrent  units and buildings this game is not to be missed.
132	1	Unlike the Corny ninja titles of years past like &quot;Ninja Gaiden,&quot; &quot;Ninja,&quot; and others of that manner.  Tenchu finally takes the  Ninja game to the next level.  Not just a run around and throw stars at  senseless, weak enemies, this game forces you to learn and master stealth  and the art of sneak attack.  The different weapons available keep the  onslaught more versatile, and the different sword attacks seem to stun the  viewer with there harsh and brutal images.  A great game , a great story  line, but still a few small problems.  even though you have a large variety  of weapons they are very limited.  some of the game may be confusing, and  not very straight forward as to what you are supposed to do, and you tend  to run into some very annoying camera views that seem to definately take  away from the game play.  But overall it's a very entertaining game which  i recommend to any action fan.
563	1	This is my favorite of the series. My cousin and I used to play it all the time and it is how I remember. Hit detection is a little off
220	1	After defeating Xenogears, I was looking for a game that was fun to play, and didn't require me to do much thinking. Xenogears was a monster game that had a fantastic, yet confusing plot that really made you think. Breath of Fire 3 is a complete change of pace. Instead of going for an engrossing and confusing plot like FF7 and Xenogears, Breath of Fire 3 continues a simple, but fun plot that feels refreshing to play after finishing a monster game like Xenogears.Breath of Fire 3 doesn't have an overly confusing story. Once long ago, there was a clan on earth known as the dragon clan. After gaining enough power to destroy the world, the dragon clan suddenly disappeared. You play as Ryu, a young boy who suffers from amnesia. He soon befriends two thieves named Rei and Teepo. After he gets into trouble with the authorities, he soon finds out he is an ancestor of the dragon clan. So he embarks on a journey to uncover his mysterious past.Sound original? Sorry, but if it's originality that you want, you won't find it here. Even the battle system is painfully unoriginal. As you play it, it will feel like you have played something else exactly like it. The story, the battle system, everything feels like it was used many times before, and i hate to say this, but the ending is very disappointing.However, with all gripes aside, Breath of Fire 3 is a fun and engaging quest. My favorite part of the game was the characters; they are interesting, and very funny. I also liked that the plot never once got confusing. Even though it was unoriginal, it never got off target and it even sometimes kept you on the edge of your seat.With all the complaints aside, Breath of Fire 3 is fun game to play through. After playing through a monster game like Xenogears, it is refreshing to play. Unfortunately, don't get too excited about the ending.
96	1	Super funny game. A little raunchy but hilarious all the while. May not be appropriate for younger kids. The story is fun to play yet predictable.
809	0	Great fun game I still enjoyed playing 10 years later. I got it at a great price too. Definitely buy this.
83	0	Simcity 3000 is a good simulation.  The graphics are outstanding, the music is ok, it is fun to look down and see vehicles driving on the streets and the people walking around.  Even the sound effects match with the specific area of the city you are looking at.  For example, high-crime residential areas feature sporadic gunfire, rapid footsteps and the clanging of a chain-link fence.  the bustling commercial areas feature heavy traffic noises and sirens, and industrial areas have heavy truck and machinery noises.  You control the layout of the streets and the zoning.  Then the city develops itself, according to land values and access to transportation.The not-so-good:  When areas become blighted and buildings are abandoned, the buildings become black boarded-up boxes that no longer resemble the original building style-- for example, a twelve story apartment building, when abandoned, becomes a three-story black box with boarded-up windows.  You cannot have suspension bridges cross above highways or city streets.  ALL the streets intersect (no way to build overpasses, except highways crossing streets) There is no way to build elevated rail lines-- the railroad must cross every street at an intersection.  Also, you are mostly restricted to a north-south street grid systemOverall, this is a great game.  I just felt like pointing out some flaws that might annoy some people.
697	1	In 1998 Twisted Metal 3 was released for PS1 the sequel to 1996's Twisted Metal 2 and the original Twisted Metal released in 1995. A new developer 989 Studios took over for SingleTrac who developed the first games in the series. This game uses a entirely new engine built from the ground up since it was a new developer working with the series. I have personally played this game and will say that its garbage and not even worth being mentioned as apart of TM series. The cars control bad plus the graphics look realistic like the first game rather than cartoonish like the second game. Its basically the same as TM2 where you travel around the world to places like Tokyo, London, Area 51, Egypt, Hollywood, just to name a few levels. A few characters from the previous games are in the game like Darkside, Hammerhead, Sweet Tooth, Thumper, Outlaw, Mr, Grim, Specter, Warthog, Minion, as well as new characters. The endings for the characters are really cheesy unlike TM2 which was pretty dark. The game also allows you to hook up a multi-tap to play with four other friends well three but four if you include yourself.
307	1	This game is ok, but mostly mediocre. This is the best that the N64 had to offer alongside the wrestling games and resident evil 2? Just goes to show that the nintendrone cult are way off the mark. The Sony playstation 1 had better games and far better immersion due to having the CD storage.  This game like i said is ok but hardly as good as the nintendrones have made it out to be. The production of the game is basically weak, with the menu intro being pathetic, and the music repeating over and over and over on each board. The gameplay is ok in that i can mow down enemies while running, but the aiming sucks and it gets boring having to mow down enemies that keep spawning over and over while i figure out how to complete the mission.Finally the multiplayer is wayyyyyy overrated. I remember playing it with 4 other players all day for  a couple days and never feeling into it. the quad split screen was a big nuisance.  Thank goodness for online play today - the games today completely own goldeneye in every category, especially the funfactor.So yeah - there you go nintendrones - the playstation brand rightfully won that gen and your crowning achievement in console gaming has turned out to be a dated and weak title. Oh yeah Rare is now exposed as being mediocre - your cult like devotion to nintendo made them rich at least. They haven't made anything decent since though
957	1	I love this game! You can't say that you are a Zelda fan, if you don't own this game. This game features an awesome storyline, unforgettable characters, and just keeps getting better. You could play this game forever, and not get tired of it! If you have a N64 system, you better own this game! Or if you have a Gamecube, you should have the Legend of Zelda Collectors Disk!
145	0	This has to be the most detailed and beautifully rendered game ever made.  The monsters look real, the weapons look sleek, and the animation is very realistic, with no jerkiness.  Unfortunately, this game requires totally  unreal system requirements!  Anything less than a PentiumII/300MHz  processor runs like garbage unless everything is turned down, and, well,  there goes the graphics!  This game was the chief reason for my system  being upgraded!  Also, remember the sleek weapons I described?  Well,  they're sleek, but that's it.  For crying out loud, it takes THREE HITS  with a ROCKET LAUNCHER to kill one of the BASIC enemies (the Skaarj).  There's no bang to them at all!  Plus, another good thing about Unreal is  the multiplayer games where you can play against computer-controlled  opponents (bots).  Sounds good, right?  Wrong.  Unless you put the skill  level down nearly all the way, simply aiming a gun at the bot will cause it  to zig-zag in a way that is impossible to hit, all while shooting at you  with godlike aim!  Other than the steep system requirements, the  difficulty of the bots, and the bangless weapons, the game is very good and  highly customizable for all those hackers and map makers out there.  You'll  get your money's worth, but I hope you're good at strafing while shooting,  otherwise you'll NEVER win!
1000	0	Well, going into it, I heard that this was SO much better than Quake III arena.  I had played that game, and I liked it.  So, I gave Unreal a go.  After playing for a while, I played Quake III again.  Within a few minutes,  I quit Quake, uninstalled Unreal, and went back to playing Quake.  The  difference in the graphics was incredable.  All the sharp edges are fine,  but I perfer the revolutionaly rounded surfaces.  Quake III blew Unreal out  of the water graphically.  What about the game play?  Well, I was kidna  dissapointed.  Quake III is very intense, the kind of game you get caught  up in.  I found myself playing Unreal, just to see what it was like.  It  had no draw whatsoever.  I thought the weapons were fairly difficult to  use, and were kinda cheesy.  For me, it is all Quake III.
416	1	this is the stuppidiest game i've ever played. I advise everyone not to play it or buy it. It really sucked.
549	1	The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is really awesome, but how awesome? Is it the best of the Legend of Zelda series so far? Oh, undeniably, but that is not the point. My point is that it was the best game for the Nintendo 64, with Super Mario 64 and its direct sequel, Majora's Mask in a second place draw. It shows how the franchise began. Link sets off on a journey to save Hyrule from the evil Ganondorf for the first time. He meets Princess Zelda on the way, and when she flees from Ganondorf, she leaves the Legendary Ocarina of Time in Link's possession. He uses it to travel through seven years with the help of the Master Sword. The graphics were neat for the time, the storyline was really exciting, and there is a lot of stuff to collect. The dungeons were challenging, and the boss fights are neat. If you are a fan of Nintendo, please pick this up. You will be glad you did.
5	1	Crash Bandicoot WarpedI have always loved the Crash Bandicoot Series. The original three on the Playstation were good, and the ones that would follow were always decent. I went back to play this classic and discovered it was just as great as I remembered. Still, it does have its low points.Graphics- 8/10On the original Playstation, these graphics were fairly good. The characters look blocky at points, but it sort of adds to the appeal. Voice syncing is pretty well done. Levels and characters are interestingly designed. The fact that most levels have another level that looks similar doesn't really bother me. They change the levels up enough to where it feels like you are playing a different level.Story- 3/10This is the part of the game that is a huge letdown. Neo Cortex, our antagonist, starts the game off exactly like he was left on the second game...falling from the sky. After failing to stop Crash Bandicoot from capturing all of the powerful Crystals, he plummets from his exploding spaceship and falls into a mountain. Inside of the mountain just so happens to be Uka Uka, a powerful witch mask that appears to have been giving Cortex orders all along. Uka Uka was trapped in the mountain by Aku Aku to keep the world safe. Now Uka Uka has escaped with Cortex. Uka Uka quickly recruits Dr. N. Trophy to build him a time machine so he can find the Crystals before Crash Bandicoot was even around.This honestly doesn't sound too bad. Until you see Crash and his friends at home. Aku Aku hears Uka Uka's evil laugh and senses danger. Then you suddenly appear at the time machine that Cortex is using and now you are using it. What happened to Cortex? I have no idea. How did you find your way there? Who knows? From there you use the time machine to get to the Crystals before Cortex.Sound- 8/10I love the music in this game. Every level type has different music, and it works for every level. If you are in an underwater level, you will hear mysterious sounding music. They just did the music very well. The voice acting is top notch as well. Sound effects are the same old Crash Bandicoot sounds though. It's not the best video game sound, but it's still really good.Gameplay- 9/10Gameplay can make or break a game. Luckily the Gameplay made this game. They added more variety than any of the previous games in the series.Crash Bandicoot is basically a side-scroller except the camera is behind Crash instead on the side. You are still on a fixed path that you have to follow. Sometimes you will even enter a part of the stage that is a side-scroller. The gameplay has always work very well like this.Warped is the third game in the series though, and they needed to add something new. They did just that by adding: Power Ups, Flying levels, underwater levels, jet-ski levels, and motorcycle racing levels. Power ups are gained whenever you defeat a boss. You get small things like double jump and belly flop at first. Later on you'll get a Laser Guided Bazooka and Running Shoes, which really change up the gameplay. One thing that I am happy about is that the Power Ups actually help you play the game. They aren't just useless add-onsThe new level types are just what this game series needed. The underwater levels play like a side-scroller underwater. It's enjoyable to swim around instead of walking. Jet Ski and Motorcycle levels are great vehicle levels. I admit that the controls on the Motorcycle levels take some getting used to, but that is what makes it fun. The flying levels are probably the coolest new things. There are only three in the entire game. You fly around in a plane and shoot down opposing planes. There isn't much to it, but it's a nice break from the other levels.Difficulty- 5/10 (Note- This is how much I like the difficulty)This game is extremely easy. You can go through the entire game without dying. Not just that, but the entire game only consists of around 3-4 hours of your time. One strong afternoon of playing, and you'll be done. The bosses on this game can become a little difficult, but it only takes a few minutes to learn their pattern. Also, I felt the final boss battle was too easy.Overall- 7/10The gameplay is extremely strong. The story for this game is just all out of whack. If you are looking for a quick game to pick up and play, this is for you. I suggest checking out the previous two titles first though. They areCrash BandicootandCrash Bandicoot 2. They are better games in my opinion.
705	1	I'm 23 now, got the game when it first came out when I was around 12. Still the bet snowboarding game of all time. So much fun that I still get the n64 out here and there simply to play this game. Has a time attack mode, trick mode, racing series, and a mixture of them all. Just a great classic that rates up their with 007 Goldeneye for classic N64 games that could last forever for those every now and then gamers like myself. Great game...that's highly reccomended.
708	1	I liked this game alot, it's challenging and it took me awhile to beat (longer than most other games). I do recommend buying the strategy guide because it's easy to miss alot. Anyways if you like the original Myst you'll love this. Great graphics, only flaws was there was a glitch here and there but nothing major.
144	1	This is and was the best wrestling game ever and the big bonus is it's WCW/NWO not WWE so all the wrestlers are awesome!
270	1	I just bought this game a few weeks ago,and it's awesome. It just has that "This is going to be an epic game" from the get go. It has great graphics,even to this day.First of all,this is an Action Adventure,not a RPG/Role Playing Game.Next,I recommend buying the Strategy Guide. This game is what gamers call "Nintendo Hard". It's a challenging game,with quite a number of puzzle parts.Anyway,buy it if you have a 64,or Virtual Console it if you have a Wii.
927	1	While the game may be outdated and not as fun to play as some of the more recent titles, I can't fault this game because this is where it all started.On its own merit in 1995, it was a smash-box hit and everybody was ahhed by the graphics, 3d environments, and the musical score. Back then, we were used to Super Mario World and Final Fight. This was something completely different. No one cared about the flaws the game had back then. It was par for the course.Now, in 2012, a whole 17 years later (really? that long ago...), a person can easily recognize the flaws of gameplay, sound, and playability. Sound effects are lo-fi, almost like comparing a cassette to a CD. The soundtrack is still amazing though, as if it were mapped on an entirely different bit format. Playability, there is one overall mode - the 1P Arcade mode (unless you count options and 2P). Every successful completion of the game with a character unlocks a new character to choose - the same one you fight in round 8. After that, you have all of the characters and there's not much else to do. There's no team battle, no survival, just...1P Arcade. So it works for 1995. The ending movies are pretty bad, all having the same soundtrack and really blocky ugly CGI. Of course in retrospect, this WAS 1995.The movies never got better in the series until much later, but they did improve some.Overall, Tekken deserves a place in your PSX collection, right next to 2 and 3. You won't play it often because Tekken 2 covers all of those bases and more. So to me, at least, this game is merely a collection piece.
480	0	I initially gave this one star because it was crashing on me constantly but I recently narrowed it down to a plug-in I was using for my porsche wheel. Game plays well and looks gorgeous when image spanned across three monitors. I would have given it five stars if it wasn't for the annoying Microsoft Games for Live application that makes you go through hoops to set it up and causes problems of it's own (occasional crashes)
285	1	There's a lot of hype surrounding the Resident Evil series of games. They're on most systems, there are books, and even a movie. The story is a good one, but I found the game to not be so great. Graphics are alright, the sound is bad though. And game play is horrible. Trying to move around is difficult and can be confusing, especially when you're under attack and things are chaotic. The characters move unlike most games. You don't go in the direction of the D-pad, rather you turn with right and left direction and move with a button. It was poorly designed. But since the Playstation 2 is out, and better games as well as more Resident Evil, there's no reason to pick up this game anymore. The 2-disc set here is one adventure with a male character and another with a female. The game is involved, just not as much fun as it shoud be
890	1	I have been a fan of the whole of the Clay Fighter series and i have to say that i am slightly disappointed with this one.  The graphics are okay, there are plenty of characters to choose from, but i think that it is far to easy and that the game had been rushed.  The price is excellent and i recommend to everyone that you get this as the price of this game wont be around for long.  If you want the best fighting game on the N64 then i wouldnt recommend this, but if you want some fun then this is the game for you
952	0	Crashed in Vista.  Codemasters told me they don't support it in Windows 8.  Couldn't get it to work even after looking on the Internet.
295	1	The is the first Spyro game and it paved the road for all the other Spyro games. The story: When the evil Nasty Norc turns all of the dragons into statues, it's up to Spyro, a small purple dragon, to set them free and defeat Nasty Norc. You travel with Sparx, your dragonfly companion and also your health gage, as you collect gems and go through six gigantic worlds with over 25 levels in all. This game is great, although it's not very challenging, it offers hour of entertainment. My favorite world is the Beast Makers world. It's a creepy place and almost all the levels in it take place at nighttime, which to me is the best type of level in Spyro. My favorite is Tree Tops because it is a gigantic level that gives you that creepy feeling, even the music is creepy in it's own way. Another minor flaw in this game is that it has no mini-games in it. Those always provide extracurricular fun, but I'm happy to say that they are introduced in a later Spyro release. I'd recommend this game today if you don't already have it. If you not into Spyro, this is the place to start at.
951	0	I was looking for a racing video game for my new playstation, and everyone I talked to told me to get Gran Turismo.  And now I know why.  It's so fun!  It's challenging, but not impossible.  The graphics are good and realistic, and there are tons of cars to choose from.  I really like the simulation mode where you can race for money and buy new cars or upgrade old ones.  I'm a huge fan of my Dodge Viper with racing stripes.One thing that's not so great about this game is the space that it takes up on your memory card.  Just to have a simulation mode game going, you need 5 empty blocks.  If you want to get into saving replays and stuff, it can use up to 15 blocks.  Memory cards are expensive... I'm not willing to devote an entire memory card to one game, no matter how great it is.
14	0	While the game itself is quite good.  I enjoy playing my copy of the game, and still find new interest and challenges of running cities.  The replay value should be obvious as there is no &quot;end goal&quot; to meet, though there are &quot;rewards&quot; along the way.  There are several problems, however, particularly when compared to Sim City 2000.  First, there are no scenarios.  That is a pity because the scenarios often enhanced the value of the game.  Second, you cannot for your own landform in the New City mode before you start the game (again, unlike SC2000).  Both of these problems were later corrected for the later cousin of the game: Sim City 3000 Unlimited. Additionally, the online support is much better for Unlimited.  The building downloads on the official website are minimal, and the building design tool is not supported by the basic game.  Still, I will have to admit that 3000 is still a vast improvement over the previous version.  The buildings are better designed, and they really do look different on different sides.  Also, the graphics are much better over 2000, while they are not vastly improved in Unlimited (which is essentially the same game, with the additions above AND additional buildings).  I would recommend that you do buy Unlimited over this version simply because of the vast number of updates.  And, with the release of Sim City 4, it is highly unlikely that even the Unlimited website will stay up much into the future, and it certainly will not be supported any more.
706	1	(Note:This is the Gamecube Collectors Edition version)I remember ten years ago,seeing the commercial for this game.I always did wonder what it was like.After getting the collectors edition I immediately got started on it.The story focuses,as always,on Link.Link is a young boy living in the Kokiri Forest.One night he has a nightmare,and wakes to discover a fairy named Navi,who will help him through his journey.He is overjoyed but then discovers that the gaurdian of Kokiri Forest,the Great Deku Tree,is dying from a curse.The tree passes along a Spiritual Stone and recommends to see Princess Zelda.Link does so and Zelda tells him to get the other two spiritual stones so Link can get the Master Sword to stop Ganon,King of the Gerudos,from entering the Sacred Realm and stealing the Trifoce,a divine relic.Link achieves the other stones and the Ocarina of Time.Link draws the Sword and finds out he has been tricked by Ganon,who entered the Sacred Realm.Link awakens seven years later,and after discovering he is now an adult,meets Rauru the Sage of Light.According to Rauru,the only way to defeat Ganon is to awaken the Five Sages.That is where the true quest begins.Wow,what a story!Now,the graphics are not bad by today's standards.Neither are the dungeons.They are amazing.And also very complicated.(Please don't mention the Water Temple).Overall this game can be summed up by one word:Perfect.Buy the game,become the hero,and have the time of your life.
516	1	The names Bond, James Bond. Those five words mark the saying of probably on of the most famous fictional spy of all time. And, finally he came to the Nintendo 64. This game is by far the best game for any console. It kicks Resident Evil's butt all the way back to campcom's facility to teach them not to make such stupid looking games.
752	0	If Mario 64 was good than Banjo was Mario perfected.Amazing game.Another gem from years ago that I played start to finish multiple times.Amazing levels.Perfect control.Great but hokey music.Some people were annoyed by the "voices".I thought they were hilarious.The camera does get a little crazy here and there but this was 3D platforming in it's beginning and really, the camera is about as perfect as a 3D platforming camera can be.To summarize...Great gameplay.Awesome graphics for the time.An ending riddle that had me looking for a way in for weeks on end.(A real bummer that the two games DIDN'T link after all).That's probably the biggest disappointment that all those mystery areas were never revealed by the N64.Otherwise....another great platformer from the golden age of platforming, collect a thons.Highly recommended.
357	1	I have the wii version and is HORRIBLE. JUST LIKE YOU HIT AN OPPONENT WITH A SHELL, PASS, AND WITH NO ITEM, THE CPU BOOSTS WAY AHAED. HORRIBLE
122	1	&quot;Breath of Fire 3&quot; is a very interesting and well made game.  The plot is pretty good, and the characters are interesting and memorable.  One thing I do miss from the older &quot;Breath of Fire&quot; is the way they transformed into dragons; the process in the current game is excellent (I just prefer the older methods).  My favorite part of the game is that you start off playing a young version of the character, and then later in the game, you get to play a more mature version of the same character.  This game is a lot of fun and suitable for most people who enjoy the genre.
622	1	There is not much I can say except this is THE BEST GAME FOR N64. Not too easy, not too hard, tons of levels and objectives and the cutest cast of characters (Jinjos rock) If you like adventure games, Banjo-Kazooie is for you!
910	1	Despite awkward controls that seem to be designed more for a computer than a Game System (and get used to it, because that lasts until the PS2 era-- aka, the sixth game in the series) this has to be one of the funnest games of all time. It gives a challenge on multiple levels & inspires you to keep playing to find out what happens next as things get progressively more dangerous and more bizarre. Was re-made as Tomb Raider: Anniversary, but I'd prefer the original any day.
896	1	I'll keep this short, as most people have probably already played this, but when this game released in 1996 there was literally NOTHING like it. no fully 3d adventure with the calibur of Ocarina of Time existed in those days. the sheer quality of this game was unheardof in 1996. the graphics were smiply beautiful for their time, and the gameplay was near perfection.You start the game as a young Kokiri boy living in the forest village with your friends and the old, wise Tree of Life. when darkness strikes your small corner of the world its up to you to delve into the tree and find out whats truly hurting and potentially killing him. after solving the situation in your home a much broader world of discovery and adventure opens up to you, and its up to you to save Hyrule.after completing 3 childhood dungeons and playing the song of time in the temple of time, you find yourself frozen in a time warp for 7 years, waking up at age 18 (i believe) waking up in adulthood you make your way across 5 more dungeons before conquering the final fortress, and facing one desperate final stand from the evil thats been behind all the trouble from the start.Truly epic in every way, considering the year it was released. Ocarina of Time is still the greatest game ever created in my opinion.10/10
984	1	Banjo-Kazooie is a game that didn't really appeal to me at first.  It looked to childish, to easy, and just basically stupid.  Comming from the  epic company Rareware, I was a bit more interested in what this game was  about.  Seeing so many good reviews and so many possitive aspects, I  realized I must give this game a try.  Well, was I ever lucky to do so.  Keeping with the Mario 64 type control style and the amazing graphics, I  couldn't put the game down.  Even though the game was kiddie looking and  very childish too, it was really placed for us people who love adventure  games.  The little things, such as the mini games, make this game even  better than it already was.  Imagine running around in the snow in a race  against a sleding polar bear or playing follow the leader with a giant  ghost hand.  These are only a few of the things you can do in the game.  The game flows a little different than Mario fans might be used to; you  have many things to collect.  For starters, your main objective is to find  all the Jiggys on a level so you can gain access to all other levels.  Also, music notes are needed to break the witches spell on doors throughout  her lair.  And even little guys called Jinjo's are here for you to collect,  so they can help you on your journey, through a forest, islands, deserts,  and many other worlds.  If you have seen a Rare game, you know that they  have good graphics, so no exception here, very well done.  The music is  also a plus feature on this game.  With so many great reviews by people of  all ages and sexes, you would be doing yourself a great disjustice by not  buying this game.
473	1	I like this game but its not really fun its kinda boring. Its really confusing the game when you die you have too start over but i dont think you can press save. 5/10
478	1	This was a very chanllenging game for me it. Took me about three months to beat the even old original 64 verison way back in mid 2000 I think it was when back when I was about and was midway through my final and last growth ssuppert. I belive I later when I was about 14  got the newer playstation version. I unfortunatley due to a couple years lack of experience had to use the invulerability and zeeny to comple in a lower completion time of about maybe 10 to 40 hours compared to the original  completer time of about maybe 30 to 80  hours maybe more or less. This game will be fun once you get used to some changes. One megaman like in the later  games of the original series was original drastically increased in size at a huge height of abou 4 to 6 six feet tall and abhout probaly weighs about  130 to maybe 350 pounds witrh his armor on this is the biggest mega man ever made.  Once you learn how to concort the stroneger boss with high atatck strenght and to dog them this may be a piece of cake.  To beat Jungo increas e every thing one the midssle launcher to max this will give you infinite ammo. With this one the ammo update to unlimited if you pay up enough zeeny You cane beat juno easily. Just hold down the button the missle will shot of function like heat seakers. As long as you have infinite health slash cantina points one you can sit there turning your missle into the ultimate automatic fire weapon. Pushbed the out fire down and  keep shooting them of at rapid speed. Even if you get hit you should be able to take this boss down and complety both parts of the battle in about maybe 45 second  20 minutes maybeless. This  is a fun games I hope you enjopy it even though roll is now longer robotic, and Rusha and Beta no longer exist. If you like this and want a really challange to test your patience and enduranc eplay the insanly hard megaman legends 2 also avilable in playstation format.
864	0	Banjo-Kazooie is one of my favorite games, and it works perfectly after all these years and being shipped around the country. perfect.
956	1	I bought this game way back and recently played it again.. well..the game was easy to beat when i was 6 and its still as easy.Well, my problem(s)?Not enough characters and its just not very fun and.. yeah that makes it boring.. but if ur a fan of the older games ( like me ) you may like this game ( unlike me )It's cheap now so, I guess it wouldn't hurt to pick it up.. it costs as much cash as to rent a game at the videostore..so do what you want with it.
296	1	This takes back memories when I first played Tomb Raider.  It's both chalenging and fun.  Its remake is just added stuff and newly improved stages.
730	1	If you own a N64 and are looking for a game to play, go to your local game store and find Banjo-Kazooie! In my opinion, this game is simply amazing. The main plot throughout the game is that Banjo the bear and his faithful breegull sidekick Kazooie are attempting to rescue Banjo's little sister Tootie from the evil witch Gruntilda. Enjoy the game as you explore 10 exciting worlds, collect numerous puzzle pieces(open worlds), and rescue your sister from the evil clutches of Gruntilda.
379	1	This game is just as much fun as the first one, with whole new levels based on the now classic Crash Bandicoot gameplay, I would recommend this to anyone, Crash fan or not.
642	1	Many people believe that this is a copy of Super Mario 64. I have played Super Mario 64 DS, and I must say that for the most part they are correct. The only thing different from this game is the puzzle-finding element to the game. If you are into strategy and action games the two games you should have in mind are Super Mario 64 and Banjo Kazooie. But, suppose you could only take one. Which would you purchase? Both are almost the same. If you like games where you have to think and games that are tedious, both are for you. Overall, since Banjo-Kazooie makes you think quite a bit more and has the extra puzzle-finding feature to it, I would suggest you pick up Banjo-Kazooie first and then either get Banjo-Tooie if you truly enjoyed the first game, or get Super Mario 64 if you want to play a slightly different video game. Also, Banjo-Kazooie is A LOT easier than Super Mario 64. So when you go to the store to pick which of the two games to buy, remember that unless you have a lot of free time on you hands, you probably shouldn't buy Super Mario 64.
754	1	Rare just has an extraordinary knack at making great games. Banjo Kazooie was released in 1998 and has been considered a classic since, and I too must agree with this well deserved honor. Well, why do I find this game fantastic? Well, I'll explain that in my review.First off let's talk about Banjo Kazooie's story. Banjo's sister Tooty is kidnapped by the wicked witch Gruntilda. Gruntilda has planned on swapping Tooty's beauty to her, but not if Banjo and his friend Kazooie can help it! Okay, seriously this story is pretty lame, but hey! It's a game. In My opinion, no matter how good the graphics are, or how great the story is, it all boils down to one thing. And that's gameplay. And Banjo Kazooie has fantastic gameplay.In Banjo Kazooie you play as Banjo and...well...Kazooie, and Kazooie stays inside Banjo's backpack at all times, but she's not useless. They both work as a team and learn many moves, which brings us to our next character, Bottles. Bottles the mole helps you learn different moves to help you defeat Gruntilda and rescue Tooty. But do you just walk up to Gruntilda and save Tooty? Not at all, there are several items to collect to defeat Gruntilda. The most important one is jiggies, there are ten jiggies in each world and you need several items to collect them. Along the way Bottles teaches you to use certain items, such as eggs to shoot through Kazooie's mouth, or how to fly when you collect enough feathers. Another essential item to collect is mumbo tokens. Gruntilda has hidden mumbo tokens all around her enormous lair and if you collect enough you can visit the great shaman Mumbo Jumbo and he will transform you into different creatures to help you along your journey. So you have plenty to do in this game, I can guarantee that. Another essential item are music notes, in each world one hundred music notes are scattered all around and if you collect enough you can open new doors in Gruntilda's massive lair. But I do find it to become quite tedious sometimes. Why? You may ask. Because each time you leave and re-enter a world all the notes are still there, no matter how many you've collected. Let's say you've collected ninety-nine out of the hundred possible music notes to collect, well if you leave the world and re-enter, you would have to collect all ninety nine notes again, you couldn't go searching for the one music note you hadn't collected. And while yet this situation is highly unlikely, it's still annoying no matter how many notes you have to re-collect. Fortunately, if you don't care about collecting all one hundred music notes, you don't have to because the game automatically saves the amount you've collected.There aren't too many moves to learn in Banjo Kazooie, and it didn't take me long to master them. And there aren't many control problems, actually the controls are almost perfect. But I did get frustrated with a feature that was not added in the game, I wish Banjo could hang on to ledges, there was many times in Clanker's Cavern where I could almost reach a ledge,  but it was just barely out of reach because I couldn't hang on to the ledge. While yet this wasn't too big of a deal, I think that feature could of made the game a little less frustrating. I was also very pleased with camera control, there are three angles to choose from except in a few rare areas and I found it easy to maneuver.I told you this game was made in 1998, right? Well the graphics are terrific. The different atmospheres to this game make it twice more enjoyable. You can relax in broad daylight in Treasure Trove Cove, or wonder at dark in Mad Monster Mansion. And I thought the last world Click Clock Wood was absolutely brilliant, it's a forest and you collect jiggies in the four season's spring, summer, fall and winter. I especially loved Freezeezy Peak, and it was so much fun climbing the huge snowman.I also loved the music in this game, each beat is catchy and it never got repetitive for me, and the sound effects were great as well...well the only complaint I could have is that there is no dialogue in the game, but I actually found the weird sounds from the characters kind of funny and I loved the insults between Kazooie and Bottles and Gruntilda's rhymes cracked me up, that's another reason I love this game, it has such a charm to it, not like some newer games, to many games have steered away from being innocent and charming, and this game has this quality.What more can I say? This game is fun to play, it has great replay value, the music, sounds and the worlds all sound and look absolutely fantastic and the difficult final fight with Gruntilda at the end was indeed terrific as well. It took me thirty hours to complete (without a guide) and I had so much fun solving puzzles and this game can test your mind at certain times. I will admit I did need help online for a few jiggies, but the ending sequence makes the occasional frustrations all worthwhile, very satisfying if you ask me. I'm now very anxious to play Banjo Tooie, as it's been claimed to be even better than the original. Banjo Kazooie is highly recommended, this game is indeed a classic.
59	0	man, i remember getting this game when i was around 9 years old, and alll those hours i spent beating this game over and over again. I Gurantee I've beaten this game at least 100 times, Honestly! Though the N64 is outdated, from time to time I take it out of my closet and plug it in just to play this game. I hope the twilight princess will be just the same!
799	0	this ganme was very entertaining i really enjoyed it i'm not to fond of these types of games but goldeneye was awesome.
372	1	Goldeneye lookes like just another shootem up game, but it is more than that. Goldeneye takes James Bond to the next level.Pros: graphics are great4 player is funlots of cheats to make the game even betteralot of characters to choose fromCons: a little to easy to beatno voices during game playnot alot of multiplayer levelsIn the end Goldeneye is a great game and I recommend it to anyone.
272	1	This is one game that will test your skills, on how to figure things out, but if you want to take the easy way out you can always get bottles the neer sighted mole's help. One thing i like about this game is that when Bottle & Kazooie confront each other they always throw smack at each other which makes the storyline more funnier. This is a pretty cool game, it's worth buying. I had fun playing it, i will buy it.If you liked this game check out all of the other Banjo & Kazooie games.
975	1	I have played all the other Zelda Series Games and this is the best.  I first heard of this game when I borrowed it from a friend.  I played it nonstop, until I beat the game.  The only hard part about it is the dreaded Water Temple.  It is the only actual hard one, but don't get me wrong the rest of the dungeons are equally difficult.  Even the first level is as difficult because you have only your sword, shield and wits.  But as you progress you gain pieces of hearts, weapons, swords, shields, and other tools.  The graphics are really cool, the sound could be just a tad better, and the fun is the best.  The only bad part is you can't unfreeze Zora's Domain and get the Triforce, or Miyamoto says.  Well if you liked the other Zelda games, this is a must have.  If you never have played a Zelda game get a life!
170	1	This is a change of pace for Mario. Its 3D and you have to do tons of missions for each level.While this adds depth do the game it can also make you really frustrated(especially because the N64 controllers are so awkward) when you go to a mission and its really difficult to complete it. My advice is that you should take a break from that level and play an easy,fun one.I wish this game didnt have so many jumping styles though. Mario Sunshine is a thing for us to look forward to but will at be an action/adventure game like this one? Is Bowser even in it?We don't know yet. The one thing we do know is that the Game Cube controller is easier to use than the N64 one and that the new Mario game's guide will be easy to look for. While I still say Super Mario Bros 3 is the most fun Mario game of all time, this one comes close. I prefer Sonic Adventure though. Im not even all that good at most video games (including Mario 64)but even I can tell that Mario 64 is a classic just because the levels Ive completed were so fun and still are.
240	1	I didn't know that Star Soldiers is a remake from the early Nintendo game you can check it out on YouTube first if you like its a vertical 2D Shooter. Great game.
208	1	We stopped watching the series (lack of time) and so this was a nice way  to keep the excitement going. The game is good, perhaps a little  disorienting at first. I spent the first hour sitting at Craig Willmore's  desk, doing nothing :)Once you get the hang of it, though, it follows  quite nicely. Because you have so much freedom in navigation (you decide  where to go, but things won't happen until you come back to the right place  at the right time), it feels like the game is non-linear. In fact, it is  rather linear, although you have a few variations. I wasn't disappointed in  the ending, but not thrilled either, it didn't blow me away. We got stuck a  couple of times, but we managed to make it without a walkthrough in about a  week.The rule of this game is SAVE OFTEN. And organize your saves. Keep  the last save before you change CDs (they correspond roughly to major  developments). You might need to restart from there because you forgot to  do something crucial. Or because you died (I got killed a lot too). You  need lots of frequent saves, and a few less recent, and a few even less  recent not to have to restart from scratch if you believe you forgot  something at the beginning of the game. But overall, the storyline is quite  intuitive and you'll be fine if you make connections.Buy this game if  you like the series but you're not a fanatic (you'd be disappointed). And  you'll have a good time if you can stand occasionally being stuck and turn  it into a challenge rather than into a frustration.
359	1	First, the single player is awesome. Then the multiplayer battle gets even better. But then when you add Game Shark it becomes the best game ever. One problem is that it is a bit unrealistic because there are up to 400 shots in a clip/magazine. Otherwise the game is good. Also if you like this game you will want Perfect Dark. If you like this game but wish it was more realistic get Rainbow Six.
875	0	Not boring, not geat either. I like how they have designed it and how good the graphics are but this isn't the best out of the three. I prefered the 2 nd most but really enjoyed the 3 rd too. If you are looking for a lot of adventure, try out this. BRILL.
601	1	When the day I got unreal and tried it, I loved it so much I started calling up friends and telling them how incredible thatgame was, the gameplay is one of best gameplay ever experiencedin a game, you are a prisoner in a prisoner vessel headingto a prison moon believed to be called(the prison ship):VortexRikers. But when the skaarj detect you and pull you on to the once peaceful planet of NaPali, then all goes wrong!your best friend gets eaten by a skaarj, you barely manage to escape a now turned to a skaarj slaughter prison vessel, you reach outside grounds and say this can't be real, no it's not, it's UNREAL!Unreal takes you through 39 heart beating, breath taking missions, where you fight for life to survive, collecting itemslike defenses and weapons, travel through temples, facilitys, castles, bases, mountians, journey through what napali has to offer, and end up and the skaarj mothers ship, confronting the queen skaarj.......unaided and alone!I would indenefinetley recommend this game to first person sci-fi fan shooters!
510	1	This is an excellent game! Once you start playing you cannot stop until you actually beat it! This has averythingn a GOOD game should have: Excellent graphics, excellent gameplay, good2-player mode, and good sound. The only flaw in this game is... well... their are no flaws, this game gets a SOLID 5. Thanks for reading my review. Happy Gaming. P.S. Don't buy Pokemon Snap... Thanks!
435	1	Ah, Spyro! Released in 1998 for the PS1, Spyro is the first entry of many. [Although, only the first three were any good, because the newer ones were owned by an poor company.]Graphics: 9/10: Horrible by today's standards, but very good by 1998 standards. Colorful and clear old-school 3-D graphics.Music:10/10: Pretty catchy, nothing really grinds on your ears.Sound: 8/10: Pretty good.Gameplay:9.5/10: You control Spyro, the PO'd dragon, through many worlds. There he must collect gems, rescue dragons, fight enimies, bosses, and other dangers, and also use his trademark flame and charge moves. This game is a bit easy, but it's very entartaining.The game costs about 10$ about now, so buy it!
586	1	The game in many ways is like tony hawk.  In fact, the only differnt thing this snowboarding.  The graphic and gameplay are good.  With 5 differnt boarders to use and alot of tracks, the game is worth the money.
35	1	Mario Kart 64 Launched with the N64 and it sure did good with the sales but Ultimatley this is disapointing.  Mario Kart Succeds in graphics departure but Fails at the boring over and over gameplay that you indure in the game.  Don't get me wrong this is a great game but it just pretty much fail to fun factor.  Back when I got this game when It first came out I simply loved it but after the next day it kind of got boring for me.  The game is great but fails with the overuse of boring driving and nothing exciting happens.  If it were up to me I would have addes some really cool Driving maze level(yeah it does sound lame but what ever)In Graphics the game is simply superb.  It really does make the N64 a really good lookin' system.  The level desighning and great setups make it one of the better looking N64 back in the days when it was still popular..  It truly does make some Ps games look like crap.The sound is pretty average...ehh I rather not go into that..NOW.......The gameplay..It just get's boring after awhile and nothing special happens and the single player is pretty short.  But cool......And that's pretty much it.The Multiplayer is pretty fun.  I had a blast playing it with my friends.  It really is fun but like I said before...Nothing special.When it all comes down to this.  The boring yet kind of fun gameplay, Great Graphics but doesn't help gameplay, Really fun MP but still fails to succeed in fun factor(well atleast to me)I give Mario Kart 64 a 3.4 stars out of 5Lates..
635	0	This game is so incredible,the graphics, the sound quality, the digital music, the gameplay, the AI, everything about it....When I first stepped outside of the prison ship using opengl support(Using 3d hardware rendering on your 3d video card), along with 3dhardware support, sound quality at maxium, and using a pentium2 350, tnt 3d video card, 128 sdram, and 16 mb of harddrive space, it ran incredible, it was UNREAL.But I've been hearing about why 3dfx support from voodoo video cards looks so incredible, I've been wondering that it's more incredible that opengl or direct3d support.Still, this game {kicks behind}!!!!!BUy it!!!!!only 7 dollars today, stop by at eletronics boutique and buy this game!!!!!(I reccomend at least a shiny new pentium two, a whole lot of memory, for a example, 128mb of sdram, 6gs of harddrive space, and a powerful 3d sound card, and a 3d video card with lot's of ram on it.)
434	0	this is an excellent game that really has some substance! the graphics are not the best and it is oversahdowed by the bigger game final fantasy VII. if FF7 was too long for you, get breath of fire 3. the story is good and the battle system is great!
312	1	This game is amazing. The music makes you look forward to every fight, and the pace doesn't let you blink. And yet you feel the artwork and the location you're at. You've got three highly distinct ships to use. List of them in order of difficulty:Easy: Red ship. Spread-shot Gatling gun that gets more shots in per level, but power never truly upgrades.Medium: Blue ship. Powerful pulse laser punches straight through enemies, and it gains spread upon the final level-up.Hard: Green ship. Spread shot eventually reaches a strategic half-moon shape that makes every shot count.It's a shame that no other arcade shooters exist on the N64, it could've had other great games like RayStorm and G-Darius in a heartbeat!
702	1	Another Rareware CLASSIC!  The game that defines 1st person shooter!! Like the title says, Rare did it Best.  I love the PC shooters like Doom, Quake & Duke Nukem.  But 007 did it 1000%!  The first of it's kind...perfect 3-d graphics & 360 control.  And the first game to do stealth right.  You can sneak through levels stealth with your silenced pistol, or go all out nuts with the AK.  This model of game would go on to influence ALL future fps.  PS3 & xbox fanboys take notice!  If rare hadn't come up with this formula, Modern Warfare & Halo wouldn't exist as they are!
476	0	There's many that love this so-called masterpiece, but the only thing I like about this boring/repetitive game is the great soundtrack. Sticking to the superior original.
332	0	Golden Eye on the Nintendo 64 needs no introduction it redefined the FPS genere it had great controlls for it's day stuck as close as it could with the movie it was a major killer app for the 64 around  97-98. The music was good the graphics were decent enough there dated now but this game was & still is the $**t. Golden Eye never has failed on any level I still play it from time to time & the multiplayer back in the summer of 98 me my friends or my brother or his friends or my cousin we all played the multiplayer to death. Should you get this game well it's been out since the late 90's & & if you never played it your missing out it warrants a purchase of a N 64 for this game alone. Golden Eye for the 64 is as good if not better than movie.
474	1	First off, this game is very good considering it had very good graphics (for an N64) and sound. Second of all, the storyline is the best I've seen in ages. The boy from the woods that no one knows becomes the Hero of Time... I would reveal more, but I do not want to spoil the game. Third, the gameplay and controls are easy to master, so you probably wont be swinging your sword at an enemy when you intended to throw bombs at it like games with complicated buttons. (; Fourth, the thing that makes Zelda, well, Zelda! The dungeons. The puzzles in them are chalenging and fun. The scenery in the dungeons (and everything else) is amazing. Fith, the enemies are unique and mystique, making the worlds you explore even cooler. Overall, this game is THE top must have of the N64 gaming system. ...
616	1	Crash Bandicoot: Warped = Orange, cool, creative, fuzzy, neat, great graphics, awesome design, introduction of secret levels for the series, power-ups, new bosses (including a big boss), and a new playable character.  These things are what make this a major improvement on the two previous games.  Crash 1 was a breakthrough, Crash 2 opened up a new world, and this game completely blows it all away.  This was how I got hooked on Crash Bandicoot.  I played this and loved it.  I recommend it.
8	1	NOT terrible, like the other reviews say....it's solid... just not as good as parts 1 and 2....but at this point in time, you should be playing the newest version released... look it up!!
422	1	I'm going to fly in the face of convention wisdom and assert that Tomb Raider is not a good game. I like the concept, the puzzle solving and exploration. I like that it's a great diversion from the standard shoot-em up. The problem is with the tedious game play. The game is tough, just from the mental standpoint and it takes some effort to figure out what you're supposed to be doing in each level. But that's part of the fun, figuring things out. Unfortunately, it's moving through the levels and getting from point A to point B that is problematic. There are way too many places where you have to make a pinpoint precision jump or other move with absolutely NO margin for error. In some cases this means you fall somewhere and have to climb back to your starting point, or in some cases you die, meaning you have to start the whole level over again. And after trying one of these jumps over and over and over, you finally get frustrated and give up. There were instances where I tried a jump over and over, and then suddenly made the jump and had no idea what I had done differently from the previous numerous attempts. For any game to be that touchy is just a disgrace. It's too bad, I think I could have liked this game but the tedious pinpoint controller movements ulitmately ruined the game for me. I know it's one of PSX &quot;greatest hits&quot; and very popular, but if don't like tedious games, you'll want to avoid this one.
267	1	When this game came out, it was like a historic event.  It felt like there was no longer a limit to what video games could do.  Every toy store had a booth set up where you could give this game a try.  It was amazing to play and amazing to see.This game is still amazing.  The play control is amazingly smooth, and you can make mario do some unbelievable things.  The worlds are amazing.  You can go wherever you want to go, do whatever you want to do.Just look at the difference between this game, and the original Super Mario Bros. for NES.  My gosh, the difference is astounding.  It's amazing how Nintendo could take something so great and make it hundreds of times better in less than two decades.  Sometimes I love progress.
57	0	no idea to say about that have same with twisted metal 2-4 and twisted metal small brawl I haven't play for long time
385	1	This game is great for Star Wars fans! There are eleven single missions, but there are three bonus missions too. The first is a race on Tatooine where you fly a T-16 Skyhopper in a race against three of your squadron mates! The second is the Death Star Trench Run which the developers, in my opinion over did, because the trence is HUGE and it has to many turns. The best bonus level is the Battle of Hoth. The graphics and music are superd just like every other Lucasarts and Factor Five 5 game! Their are also secret vehicles. You can pilot the Naboo Starfighter by using a secret code (go to Lucasarts website!) the Millunium Falcon and the TIE Interceptor can be earned when you complete the game by getting all the gold medals. It doesn't take long to beat this game if your good at games like this, but ot does offer a pretty good challenge. Now go join the Rebellion and vaporize those TIE Fighters.
184	0	Let's not mince words here: Clayfighter 63 1/3 is a poorly put-together game. The game had a lot of possibilities, but everything lacks polish. Characters are missing frames of animation, backgrounds look decent but unexceptional, and the fighting engine lacks the strategy of Street Fighter, the speed of Killer Instinct, or the playability of Mortal Kombat. In any normal world, this would be a one star game.Except somewhere along the way, Clayfighter 63 1/3 is so bad that it actually becomes good. Character design is pretty good, and the special moves and taunts are hilarious. The game is playable - not in any way that it can compete with the above-mentioned games, but it still makes you want to come back for another round, if just to see all the things the characters can do. There's also a bit more value once you unlock the secret characters, though it's frustrating that there's no save function that keeps these character unlocked.Certainly not worth full retail price, but the N64 is dead now so you should be able to snag this game for dirt cheap. Also be on the lookout for the Sculptor's Cut version: this was a Blockbuster-only release, but most were sold off as pre-played games. It contains a hilarious singing intro, 4 new characters, and other enhancements.
392	1	This is so classic and we love it! Don't forget to buy a rumble pack so you can feel when you crash or go over the railroad tracks!
872	0	This game was a rip-off.  It has less terrain, less tracks, and less features than DiRT 2.  The graphics are about the same.  Not worth the money, at all.
201	0	Ocarina of Time is the best video game of the last 100 years.If you have never played it, your missing out. Plus, you are a tool.
101	1	I played this game for week's years ago against a friend or 2 and it was great fun on multi-player. However when I played it one player I hated it. I thought it was too slow and real dodgy. But that was before I actually sat down and gave it a real go. And once you master the sliding/skid turn booster trick, it becomes a lot better.To do that; you just hold the R button down when going around bends and corners and tap the analogue stick in the opposite direction 3 times. The smoke goes from white, yellow to red then you let go the R and you have a slight boost. Once I had learned that it plays a lot faster.Overall, the graphics good and the levels are much bigger then the previous SNES version. But it lacks the same competitiveness and fun of the original version. But don't get me wrong, it is great for playing with friends, but it is a different feel from the original.In my opinion the best Mario Kart out is the GBA version because it is the SNES version with more tracks! (the original SNES tracks are unlockable in the GBA version!) But none the less, this version stands out on it's own.This version I didn't find to be as fun as the SNES one for a few reasons. They should have had more racers to choose from. And I miss my favourite driver the little Koopa Trooper, instead he's been taken out to make way for a slower Wario. But once I'd mastered that thing to take corners with, it was easy to place 1st in the 150cc.Overall, I give the one-player game 3 stars and the multiplayer 4.Cons: Not enough tracks and courses. Once you've mastered the courses on 150cc, there is no further challenges for you in single player mode.- Not enough drivers to choose.- The sound effects can be very annoying after a while (like Toads Whoa-Whoa-Whoa-Whoa sound)- No way to turn the objects off (like banana peels and the hazards of the coarse... it is really unfair sometimes)
60	0	Spyro the Dragon was the game I got right after it's sequel: Spyro 2 Ripto's Rage. I know it's a bit too late, but I just think that the Spyro series are too fun. Spyro 2 is better than the first, but this game is still great. The graphics and sound is nice, the gameplay will leave you hours into this game, and the story is original. Spyro is one of my favorite series, and this game is great and fun for everyone.
495	1	Yes I'll review Batman & Robin to the Playstation and why couldn't have been like Batman Forever arcade. It's wrose than Batman Forever on SNES and Genesis. I don't know which is wrose this game or the Joel Schumacer film. Becuse I don't know what to do after I get the diamond. I know what I'm getting with the film a very bad one. Just leave them both alone.
895	1	You must own this if you like games. It's spectacular in every way, perfect. It creates a breathing world you care about and love, while having this awesome, deep story and Adventure.
147	0	I bought it to complete my set of Batman games for the PS1. I would recommend it to anyone who collects Batman games.
686	1	It has spawned such classic levels (as I recall) such as Luigi's Circuit, Moo Moo Farm, Frappe's Snowland, Toad's Turnpike, Koopa Troopa Beach, Banshee Highway, Bowser's (infamous) Castle, Wario's Stadium and the ridiculously long and bright track, Rainbow Road, which has spawned at LEAST 5 different versions throughout the series!My all-time favorite level in the game is actually Sherbet Land. It's filled with ice and is just fun to cruise through! And the penguins that you can run into are so cute!The playable characters are your basic eight: Mario (balance), Luigi (balanced), Princess Peach (lightweight), Toad (lightweight), Yoshi (advanced), Donkey Kong (heavyweight), Wario (heavyweight) and Bowser (the heavi"est"weight).This game is very, VERY easy to just pick up and play with friends. The controls are simple as all get out and the characters look pretty cool, for a N64 game. The sounds they make are cool too!If you want something that 4 guys (and/or girls) can enjoy, this is the right move!* PROS *-Bright, colorful boards.-Addicting sound effects.-Semi-interesting characters.-Fun tracks.-4-Way BATTLE. Nuff said.-8 Semi-unique characters* CONS *-Sound comes through in 1-player or 2-player mode, but fails to when playing with 2 or 3 friends-16 levels just isn't enough to satisfy the average gamer's thirst-The music can be annoying/nauseating to some-When you're in 1st, you get crappy items. When you're last, you get the best ones, usually landing you in 1st/2nd/3rdCons aside, I spent countless hours with friends that I cherished playing this game. It will bring smiles to your faces for months to come. If you like this and own a Nintendo DS or a DS Lite (shame on ALL of you who don't!), then I totally recommend Mario Kart DS also. More levels and more mayhem. Did I mention even more characters?!4.5 stars.
397	0	Like everyone says, the first three Spyro games on the PS1 were great classics and all the others suck.  Yes, PS2, GameCube, Xbox, Xbox 360, Wii, PS3, and Wii U all have bad Spyro Games.  The only good Spyro games are on PS1 and maybe GBA.  And I'm not just making this up I actually bought a used PS1 to play the original Spyro and I've played Legend of Spyro on my GameCube.  And even though I really like the GameCube, I hated Legend of Spyro.  On top of that, the most modern systems have even worse Spyro games.
894	1	Whatever happened to the days when games were made to be fun?  Whatever happened to the days where replay value was through the roof and graphics were not as heavily emphasized? This game is well over 10 years old now and it is still fun to play.  Even in this day and age I see kids enjoying it.  This should be one of those games that developers look back upon and say what made that game so much fun?  What can we learn from this aside from improving upon the old school 3D graphics?  Spyro may not be the best game of all time but it certainly is a fun one for me that I have had a lot of fond memories playing.
317	1	This is one of the best and my personal favorites from the Zelda franchise! The story was fantastic, the gameplay was amazing for the time, even compared to todays gaming this game showed less problems or glitches.There was hardly any serious problems with this game. The playtime was a very good length and it offered a some side quests to do. Each dungeon was well constructed and were not something you walk in and leave unhappy. Some parts were frustrating sure but when is a game just so easy and you feel happy beating it?Puzzles in this game were I suppose challenging for  child but they were not impossible. This is a great game for all ages and a great buy as well.
177	1	Like I've said before, Tomb Raider will always stand as one of the most influential games of all time. Back in 1996, the only competition in this genre was Mario 64. Nowadays, every other game is a 3d adventure "in the vain of Tomb Raider".The game is very solid. Well placed and thought provoking puzzles. Some nice action, great graphics which still hold up today, and lots of fun. The only complaint is the lack of a decent ending, and that I have to shoot a fellow human at least 60 times in order to kill him. How untrealistic is that?While TR 2 is the best in the series, this one will be the most remembered.Story: 6/10Graphics: 8/10Sound: 7/10Fun: 8/10
181	1	like all zelda games the ocarina of time provides an adventure about link a young hero.in the ocarina of the player takes control of a young boy known as link. right from the start of the game players jaws dropped at the sight of the graphics for 64 bit graphics it looks amazing.as the story progresses players obtain more items and link becomes more of a hero at about 2 thirds through the player becomes an adult and he cant use some of his items which is one the most impressive features in a game iv ever seen. Its about an ancient evil being restored and a child giving up his youth for his country theres nothing bloody wrong with this game its perfect.p.sthis game is why you keep your n64
835	1	I am shocked and *very* pleased to report that Crash Bandicoot 3: Warped is a DRASTIC improvement over the original Crash Bandicoot.As you may have heard, I am definitely NOT a fan of the very first Crash Bandicoot game released for the Sony Playstation in 1996.  I am, however, incredibly surprised to find that Crash Bandicoot 3: Warped is actually a really fun adventure game that may have been slightly overlooked at the time of its release because of the seemingly never-ending amount of wonderful games released for the Playstation in 1998.Just so you know, I can't compare Warped to Crash Bandicoot 2: Cortex Strikes Back because I haven't played that one.  I can only compare Warped to the original Crash Bandicoot.Before playing Crash 3, I was almost CERTAIN that Crash Bandicoot was an overrated video game character because my first and only exposure to Crash was the very first game.  I thought for sure Crash Bandicoot was either a Mario or an Earthworm Jim rip-off, and didn't deserve all the attention it got.For 10 years the original was the only Crash Bandicoot game I knew, and truth be told, it was a pretty average game because every stage featured basically the same uninspiring, repetitive island environment where the object was to run to the end of every stage collecting berries and smashing all the boxes as a way to earn more lives and receive a better overall percentage.Simply put, Crash's very first outing was BORING.  It desperately needed variety.  Walking through island/jungle stages all the time can only provide so much fun before it inevitably gets boring.  The creators of Crash Bandicoot must have realized how boring this formula was because Warped does just the opposite- Warped features nothing BUT creativity.  In Warped every stage certainly does NOT have the same feel.  You will encounter something drastically different in every stage.  I like that.The main objective of Crash Bandicoot 3: Warped is to find the purple gem found in each of the 25 stages of the game.  You HAVE to find all 25 purple gems otherwise the game won't allow you to fight the boss at the end of the world you're in.  For example, if you're in World 4, and can't find the purple gem in stage 3, you won't be allowed to face the boss at the end of that world.  You're stuck there until you find that darn purple gem.  Once you find the gem, and face and defeat the boss, you move on to the next world and repeat the process of collecting one purple gem per level and face the boss.  By the way, there's 5 worlds total and 5 stages in each world.  That comes to 25 stages total.The amount of creativity that went into each of the 25 stages is simply incredible.  Unlike the first Crash Bandicoot game where you mainly just spin around through a jungle environment breaking boxes and jumping over cracks in the ground, Warped offers a LOT more in the way of variety.  In Warped you will encounter a few motorcycle racing stages (where you're required to get first place so you can receive the purple gem), a couple underwater stages (with VERY neat-looking backgrounds and deadly, puffy fish swimming about), a couple levels where you're steering an airplane and required to shoot down blimps and other airplanes, and not to mention those tricky, tiger-riding stages.Oh, and I HAVE to mention the ultra-cool futuristic robot stages (which require near-perfect jumping patterns in order to complete).  The Jet Ski stages are really fun because you're located on top of the ocean and I guarantee you will have the time of your life jumping over ramps while avoiding those floating bombs.  Yup, it's awesome.  This is what makes Crash Bandicoot 3 so great- you won't know WHAT to expect until you enter the level.Probably the worst thing about Crash Bandicoot 3: Warped is the fact that the game offers little in the way of challenge.  That's not to say the game is a cakewalk, either.  People who think Warped is an easy game are only comparing the challenge to the previous two Crash Bandicoot games.  If you compare Warped to say, I don't know, Spyro the Dragon, it's not such an easy game then.  It's definitely not a hard game either.  You WILL beat it.  I think the challange is comparable to Super Mario Bros. 1, the old NES classic.The one thing I find challenging in Warped is the boss battle in World 3 where you're required to jump over bombs and laser beams heading in your direction.  This is one case where practice doesn't necessarily make perfect.  Also the second airplane stage can be a challenge if you don't bother shooting down the enemy planes.One thing about Crash Bandicoot 3: Warped that IS incredibly easy is the object of finding those purple gems.  Most of the time you can NOT miss those gems, because you basically walk right into them on your way to reaching the end of the stage.  I mean, they are always RIGHT THERE.  RIGHT in front of you!After you complete a stage, you can always go back to it and the computer will then give you a new option to complete the level in a certain amount of time.  Finishing the stage in a certain amount of time is actually quite hard.  It means you *really* have to take off running and not stop for a single moment to smash a box or spin-attack an enemy or ANYTHING.  It means you have to run run RUN!  Just so you know, completing the stages under a certain time is NOT a requirement.  It's entirely up to you if you'd like to accept the challenge.  I'm too much of a wimp to accept it, personally.I like how you can save your game after you complete a stage.  You can actually complete one stage and go to the save room, if you wish.  Very convenient.  Oh, and get this- if during the middle of the game you decide you want to stop playing and shut off the Playstation, when you come back to the game later all the lives you collected up to that point will STILL be there!  I can't think of any other game that will save all the lives you collect.  Speaking of lives, they are *so easy* to find in Warped that you probably can collect up to 45 of them.  That's a lot, and you will probably need them because, even though the challenge ranges from low to medium, your first time through the game won't be THAT simple.When Crash gets hit or smashed by something, I think it's funny the way he yells "whoa!"  It reminds me of that comedian Carrot Top.The reason Crash Bandicoot 3: Warped isn't going to receive a 5-star rating from me is because of the same problem found in Spyro the Dragon- in the flying stages (in this case, the airplane stages) when you hit down on the D-pad the airplane flies UP, and hitting up will make the airplane go DOWN.  The game company made the direction the wrong way!  Oops.  At least when you steer the airplane left, it will go left.  The same with right.  Unfortunately, many game makers have made, and continue to make, the same mistake.  It needs to be corrected once and for all.I realize having your airplane fly up when you hit "down" on the d-pad is an example of realism since that's more or less how REAL airplanes operate, but the thing is, Crash Bandicoot isn't supposed to be about realism since it's just a platform adventure game, and furthermore, it still doesn't change the fact that up and down are reversed.  This adds unncessary frustration and challenge in learning something that definitely feels backwards.There's a toxic underwater stage in Donkey Kong Country 3 where the controls are reversed as a way to add challenge, and in my mind at least, having the controls reversed when trying to operate the airplane in this game definitely falls under the same category of unnecessary challenge.I hope you buy this game for your Sony Playstation and experience a fun time.
767	1	This is truly a funny game. It captures the feel of South Park with it's cartoony style. The weapons are funny like snowballs (2nd fire- yellow snowballs) to plungers. The voices from the show are funny. I recomend this game to any South Park fan out there.
20	0	In these decades of the digital world with superior hardware and high definition graphics, I don't believe gamers will ever encounter the same life changing experience as those who have first hand seen Mario evolve into a 3D masterpiece.  The Nintendo 64 is the best console of its time HANDS DOWN!! and Super Mario 64 is a MASTERPIECE.
807	0	The biggest grip that I had was the controls.  They just didn't feel right and I got killed more often then not just trying to walk or jump.  Alltogether a decent game though.
69	1	Excellent game all around except one thing....The game CHEATS.You can be in first place and magically all the computer controlled racers somehow manage to catch up to you anyway.Now, if you're in last place you literally have no chance of catching up.Not fair.Not cool.That aside....if you develop your skills you'll still win.After much practice I still managed to beat the game even though it blatantly cheats.Great graphics.Every character you love from the Mario universe.I think Toad is my favorite, when he gets hit LOL. The noise he (it?) makes is hilarious.The courses are inventive and enjoyable.The music fits in perfectly.Did I mention it cheats?That's my only complaint.Otherwise another five star winner from Nintendo.Highly recommended.
796	1	The first Zelda game for the 64, The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of time won game of the year for 1999.  As Link, your quest to save the tri-force from the evil Ganondorf will take you all over Hyrule, not only in the present, but also the future with the help of the Ocarina of time.  If you like the Zelda series, this game is definently for you (or even if you just like to save the world in your spare time:])
454	1	This game is one of the finest Video games ever produced, while its graphics may be some what dated by today's standards its epic story and play control are arguably better than many of today's titles.I cannot recommend this game enough.
232	1	This game is one of two reasons to buy an N64.  It's excellent multiplayer, with enough shortcuts and tricks to perfect that's it's also a great solo game.  If you have an N64 and you don't have this game, then you should stop wasting your time and go out and buy it.  You could play the other games, but they are terrible...
617	1	It's not that this game is bad, it's just too hard. The levels consist of timed events e.g. flip a switch and run to the other end of the level before a door closes.The graphics are good as is the music. The story is non-existent though. Something about aliens, and it includes one of the worst and shortest endings in all of Video Game history.It's fun yet frustrating.Graphics: 8/10Sound: 7/10Control: 7/10Fun: 4/10
54	1	In this, one of two installments in the Zelda series for the Nintendo 64, you once again take on the persona of young Link (or whatever you choose to name him), as he embarks on a quest to save the land of Hyrule from the dark forces of Ganon.  One of the great conflicts in Nintendo history, second only to that of Mario and Bowser.  You start the quest as a boy and end up as a man.  Along the way, you will fight many monsters, explore dungeons and temples, rescue a horse (great for traveling through the world of Hyrule quickly), engage in numerous side quests and mini-games, learn many different tunes for your Ocarina, pick up a number of weapons and other helpful items, meet some gorgeous fairies, and in short, have a wonderful gaming experience.As with the other Zelda games, this one is filled with different puzzles of various types, most of which you MUST complete in order to advance in the game.  They are engaging, but not too difficult to figure out, for the most part.  There are a few, though, that I had a tough time with.  Not to fear, though, there is plenty of help out there, both in books and on the internet, to aid you through those difficult spots.  The controls are wonderfully intuitive.  Navigating through Hyrule is much like controlling Mario in Super Mario 64 (and the game does, at times, suffer from awkward camera angles like Mario did), and there are good tutorials in the game itself that teach you the ins and outs of fighting monsters and defending yourself.The Z-targeting system is excellent, once you get used to it.  You don't really need it for some of the early monsters, but by the time you become an adult, it will be essential.  In addition, you have a little fairy buddy, Navi, who continually travels with you and is always willing to give you helpful advice on what to do next after you complete a given task.  Navi will also help you with advice on the weak spots of the many different monsters you will encounter throughout the game.As I mentioned before, there are a number of side quests throughout the game.  They're not essential to finish the game, but they are a lot of fun, and some of them will get you prizes that will make the later stages of the game a little easier.  One word of advice - when you reach Lake Hylia, be sure and talk to the two scarecrows!  Later in the game, you will be glad you did.  Also, be wary of purchasing too many items in the various shops and bazaars.  They have many useful items, but they are also VERY expensive, and almost everything in there can be found for free in various nooks and crannies in the game.  Also, be wary of Gorons who want to sell you a Giant Sword.  Don't say I didn't warn you...Although you do not NEED a Rumble Pak to play the game, your gaming experience will be enhanced if you get one.  The Pak will be set off whenever Link gets near a secret area, which are sprinkled liberally throughout Hyrule.  These secret areas contain goodies that you really don't want to miss out on.All in all, an excellent game which showcases the abilities of the N64 to great effect.  Games like this are why I will always remain a Nintendo fan.  But, don't take my word for it - pick it up!  You'll be glad you did.
247	1	Rogue Squadron.  Every Star Wars fan knows the elite starfighter group of pilots.  Now you get the opportunity to experience what it feels like to hop into the cockpit of an X-Wing,Y-Wing,A-Wing, V-Wing, Millenium Falcon, T.I.E. Interceptor, and the Naboo Starfighter.  As you fly through over 15 missions, ranging from Tatooine to Mon Calamari, you'll earn ranks in the squardron&lt;the highest I've gotten is Gold Leader&gt;.  With each mission you complete, you'll earn a medal&lt;bronze, silver or gold&gt;and be promoted.  Do you have what it takes to buy this game, and prove you've got what it takes to be a top fighter pilot?
914	1	I played the original Zelda as a boy.  I've enjoyed a lot of good times playing this updated version with my 10 yr. old son.  Great adventures and game play, and luckily we can find tips for problems we confront on the internet.  Very well designed game that is user friendly.  Awesome.
710	0	A lot of people dismiss this game because of the different developers but i personally thought it was a good game.  It was the first twisted metal i have played and when i played twisted metal 2 i thought it was a little better but not much.
815	1	Zelda: Ocarina of Time is a well-made game that perfectly blends battle sequences and puzzles.  The battles, which can only be won using the right method against the right enemy, are simplified by Z-Targeting, which aims all attacks at the enemy.  It takes a long time to beat (months), as any good RPG (Role-Playing Game) should.  Unfortunately, it constantly and inevitably reminds you of the controls, although they're pretty easy, in messages which you usually must read.  I suggest this for all people, especially those that enjoy a good challenge.
24	1	This is by far the best Zelda installment yet. Much more fun than Majora's Mask, mainly because you can freely explore the world of Hyrule. (see review of Majora's Mask)This game can be fun for anyone.
337	1	A Good game comes along, entertaining millions of fans worldwide. Then, a year later another good game comes along and steals the fisrt ones place. Ever since the beginning of game history, every good game that came out eventually got replaced by a better game the next year. Since Sept. 98, that cycle has been broken, stopped by one game that never got replaced, even by it's sequals, nothing ever ended out better than Zelda: Ovarina of Time. This game has revolutionized 3D gaming with its Z-Target system. It has enchanted and bewildered people with its magnificant storyline. It has taken the lives of thousands of people because of all the side-quests and collectible items in it. This game, I am predicting, will probably still rain supreme until the next system comes out (The one after gamecube). Its Z-Targeting system makes Link (the main character) look at an enemy, within this looking, he can circle around it in stategic patterns, accurately aim and strike the sword without missing and hitting air a yard away, and eaily and quickly dodge and backflip attacks. Many games, even nowadays, imitate this system, but fail to get it as correct and perfect as Zelda did/does. The storyline starts off telling of a magical forest with many never-growing children in it. All these children have one compainon fairy with them, except one boy, who does not. Right from hearing this setence in the game for the first time, you know your in for an adventurous, complicated yet slightly realistic storyline that will take your life for at least a month. And, this game has many, many side quests to do. There are 100 special spiders to defeat and get treasures with, 50 magic beans to be planted and give a passegeway to unaccesible areas, 25 heart pecies to collect to get a whole lot of health with, 15 masks to sell and play around with, 6 empty bottles to collect, a chicken to rais, and a huge trading sidequest that eventually leads to the possesion of the strongest weapon in the game. And much more. This game also has the perfect sound to it. The cheerfull, happy nature of the magical forest can be perfectly heard in it's background music. The adventurous, wide and far meadows of hyrule feild are perfectly expressed in it's background song. The fast-paced and action-packed lives of the desert theives is clearly expressed in it's song. Everywhere you turn in this game, you are greeted with a new background song that sings perfectly the attributes and unique features of that place, and transations perfectly with whatever the player/link might be doing in that place. This game's sequal, Majoras Mask, suffered horribly from the lack of this. And the prevous games in the series didnt meet this either. One more thing though, I'll admit it to the world, I hate the main Zelda theme. I'm glad its not in Ocarina of Time, In a game that so clearly stands out with it's music, one old sounding, bland song that dosnt fir well with hyrule feild wouv'dv ruined the experience of going out of kokiri forest and seeing it for the first time. Oh, I forot to mention that part too, the game has a perfect attidude for adventure in it. The places are designed very well, and when mixed in with the fabulous background music, gives a feeling of adventure that is completely unparelled to any other game, whatsoever. The first moment you walk out of the small and cramped kokiri forest, which actually used to seem so big, onto the your first grasses of hyrule feild, the sun will blind the screen for a moment, and as rising, reveal this spectacular, wide open feild with a tuft of trees, a monstor here and there, a ranch in the middle, and a clear blue sky with a brightly shining sun. Along the feild, a rise in elevation starts, as you climb the hill, you can see even more than you could before, a magestic, huge catsle, a winding clear blue river, a deep valley, a menancing volcanoe, and a huge lake, along with a tuft of trees, and a monstor here and there. As you travel to new places, you will feel almost the exact same feeling of adventure too, when seeing the towering windmill of Kakariko village above the small, humble houses of the village below it, with the perfect backgrond music for example. With this great feeling of adventure, huge enviroments, much huger than even the ones of nowaday games, and a great storyline and absolutly stunning soundtrack, Ocarina of Time is the Greatest game of all time, until a greater game will come out, wich will probably take a very very long time. If you dont already own this game (Shame on you), you should buy it immediatly, and while waiting for it to ship, download an emulated version. Now. Or else.
571	1	Goldeneye 007 on the now obsolete Ninetndo 64 is still to this day my favourite game of all time. Before the Nintendo 64 arrived i was a massive Sega fan, nothing anyone said could put me off my Sega obsession. And then i played Mario 64 and everything changed. I went out and swapped my Sega Saturn and all it's games for a brand new Nintendo 64 and a second hand copy of Mario 64 and i never looked back. Then allmost a year later Goldeneye 007 arrived and introduced me to a whole new genre. You see before Goldeneye, i had never played a first person shooter so it was all new to me. I also happened to be a huge James Bond fan at the time so i was quite excited about playing this for the first time, and i was not dissapointed. Everything about this game just worked so well, it had the right feel a bond game should have. It was also one of the most addictive multi-player games ever. Me and me mates would spend hours playing this game. The weapons are some of the best ever in a first person shotter. The snipper riffle in particular was awsome to use and the tank levels were so much fun. Since Goldeneye there been some trully amazing shooters including the brilliant Half-Life, but for some reason i have yet to play a game that has that same magic as Rare's wonderful game. If you haven't played this yet then you don't know what you're missing.
812	0	It works perfectly! Nothing is wrong with it.
482	1	This game was one of my favorite games on the N64...one of 10 or 12...anyway, this game is stunning graphicly (for it's time) and the gameplay is a blast and challengingyou can find this game on any emulator site...check it out
114	0	Works perfectly for the game cube I purchased. Came very quickly and i would buy this again when i need to.
169	1	I just wanna review out something no ones said yet.If you still ever play this game, it is a great game, it's 5 stars, provided your into this sort of thing.But recently when i played the playstation version, i noticed they jibbed out and didnt include certain things that the PC version and better version had.First off - There is no train. The PC version has a fully working train that you can hijack and even put into reverse.. sure, it may be useless to crash into another train, but it was entertaining. The PS version doesnt have a train.. but yet, it has the tracks for it, so go figure that one out.Next, lack of vehicles. The PC version doesnt have spots where cars just disapeer and it feels like your walking around a ghost town.And something no one can say wouldnt be better... you can edit the PC version, not only can you put whatever car you want into the game by downloading a simple quick device them importing a car you can download or make yourself, but you can also change everything in the game with simmilar tools. You can not just add cars, you can add missions, put more cars into things, edit the exsisting map, or hell, make your own city from scratch.When I play this game, i like to ride around in Knight Rider, or maybe the General Lee, try and eulude cops driving lambourghinis... gouranga!Convinced the PC versions better? Makes you feel like the PSX you played was lacking, huh?
763	1	this is wat made me love mario. mario 64!this is the biggest game crammed into a cartridge ive seen, its musically awesome, graphically it shows age, and the camera isnt as good as it could be, but I still havent beaten it since then! thats how massive & how much gameplay there is to it!I remember sliding down caves & smashing boulders back in the day, now that a friend sold it to me, Im in love with it!
363	1	i played this game at a cousins house but i dont play games as long as i use to any more i love the level when i play as his sister and ride a tiger
698	1	Where are all the green pipes!!!Why is there no coin counter for running around the Castle! There are coins all over the place! I want to collect a 100 coin castle star! Did you even think before you sent this to production BRO! Is this even this games final form?!?THE CAKE WAS A LIE!!!
731	1	THIS IS A LITTLE SUPERIOR TO ITS PLAYSTATION VERSION. THE GRAPHICS ARE BETTER, THE CONTROLS ARE A LITTLE BETTER, AND IT'S A LITLE MORE FUN. THIS IS A GREAT GAME. AND I THINK THIS SHOULD PLEASE ALL MORTAL KOMBAT FANS. IF YOU STILL HAVE YOUR NINTENDO 64 AND YOU DON'T HAVE THIS GAME, GET IT NOW!
544	1	this is a good game here and i recommend it to anyone who likes adventure type games. 10 out of 10
26	1	Love the game thanks!This game is great from the look and the level of detail and the combat. Thanks
290	1	The main reason that people hate this game is because it came right after Twisted Metal 2 and people were expecting A LOT of improvement, but the expectations were in vain. :(The game isn't all THAT bad, I mean... Mr. Grimm still cool, there is a new Viper car, you can use "rain missiles" as weapons, some of the characters and stories are VERY funny, the graphics were improved, the Rob Zombie intro song was AWESOME, and the London, Spaceship and Blimp stages were GREAT.NOW! The reason that this game suck's is because EVERYTHING in the game looks like fake plastic, the special effects are NOT shocking at all, you can't make ANY massive explosion or massive destruction, many characters look lame, if your car turns upside down you have to wait for 5 seconds for your car to stand up, and many stages are VERY small.P.S: This Twisted Metal sequel is terrible, but at least is NOT GARBAGE as Twisted Metal 4!!! That game wasn't even a Twisted Metal game, that was more like "The Circus War". X(Adios.
198	1	I played the original Spyro trilogy extensively multiple times in my childhood, having attained a 100% completion status on the first 4 Spyro games released.  I am no stranger to the series or this game in particular obviously.  I bought this game almost only because of the nostalgic value it has to me.  As well as the fact that I'm attempting to amass a collection of all game console systems and the best of their games, according to my own opinions.But on to the game itself.  As the subject title implies, (for me) it is and always will be, a timeless classic in the history of videogames, as it is almost the first real game I ever played and actually tried and succeeded in completing.  For the time, it's graphics were close to cutting edge, and the story is simple, yet actually completing everything 100%, is quite a difficult task depending on what part you're trying to do so on.  The gameplay mechanics are a little stiff, but no more than expected from a game released in 1998 on a system that has been rebooted 4 times since the one this game was developed for.  If you care at all about great games, or if you played this in your childhood, you're going to want this for your collection.
12	0	The game may be old, but it's still fun as hell. The scenery and graphics are really not that bad at all. Quite a change from "traditional" fps games... which is definitely a good thing.
989	1	This is my 400th review & I really can't believe the past 3 or 4 years have gone by so quickly. I mean almost 4 years ago I came on here & started with video game reviews then I ranted on movies that I hate which turned into reviewing movies I love. The 8 months on this account I have been reviewing old wrestling show I reviewed a lot of the old NWA-WCW s Pay Per Views I have just started with reviewing WWF PPV's this past Friday I reviewed Survivor Series 1995. I'm going to review In Your House 5 Seasons Beatings soon. WWF Warzone released inj July of 1998 for The Playstaion & Nintendo 64. This game I feel gets undeserved flack it's not as good as The THQ games on The N64 like The WCW games or the 2 WWF games or any of the THQ games on The Playstion or PS2. But this game is better than most of the wrestling games put out by AKKLAIM previously. This game & WWF Attitude were the only good wrestling games put out by AKKLAIM. I have The Playstaion version which was the version I played the most. I bought it again recently cause my N64 doesn't work anymore. So getting into the game you have Challenge mode which is a career mode where you go after The WWF Intercontintal Championship & The WWF Championship. When you play through it you have wrestlers challenge you to a rematch it will be either a normal match a weapons match or a cage match. Thankfully when I as Stone Cold I didn't have to face Ahmed cause The Playstaion check out fun with Ahmed on youtube. If you do win The WWF title you can keep on defending it & opponets become harder & can evade your attacks. Then you have normal versus mode where you fight a random opponet the wrestlers you can play as are Stone Cold Steve Austin, Shawn Michaels who retired for 4 years before this game came out due to a back injury. Ahmed Johnson who left The WWF before this game came out. The Rock who was in between being Rocky Miavia & The Rock. Bret Hart who as we all know was in WCW when the game came out. But it is fun to play as Bret Hart the most easy wrestler to play as. Owen Hart. Farooq, Goldust, Undertaker, Kane, Mankind, Ken Shamrock, The British Bulldog who left The WWF in late 97 due to what happend in Montereal. Mosh & Thrasher. So this is more like the late 1997 roster but no wrestling game I've played had a totally up to date roster. You have tag team mode it would've been nice if you could've went for The WWF Tag titles. You have weapons match which is a no disqualification match. Cage match where you face an oppent in a Steel Cage match. You just have to beat your oppent up until there health meter is in the red & climb over it. The Nintendo 64 version had Royal Rumble & Gauntlet Matches. You have training mode where you can learn the moves come up with stradegy when you play as whoever you want. The only problem is you can't do your finishing move in training mode. Look online how to do the finishing moves & there not really that difficult to pull off. You have create a wrestler mode back then it was neat now it's just not that great. But you can listen to the wrestlers enterance themes you can listen to them in The Bio's as well & The Playstaion version had the real themes while The 64 had chip tunes but they really weren't bad at all. You have options mode where you can save the game adjust the difficulty set the time of the match. You have the basement where all the unlockables are at if you want you have to play through on medium or hard with a certain wrestler to get stuff unlocked. I enjoy playing through as Austin Bret Hart is fun to play as cause of all the ways he has to work the legs. I mean if you're just getting started playing this game then guys like Bret Hart, Owen Hart, The British Bulldog & Shawn Michaels would be the best for beginners. Undertaker & Kane are also fun to play as. There is an option where you can check your stats that shows how many wins & losses you have. I do like that if you or your opponet repeats the same move over & over again the crowd will boo you. But when you do different moves & bigger moves then they will cheer you. Although I don't think AKKLAIM knows what a pump handle slam looks like cause a belly to back suplex is called in this game. You get commentary by Jim Ross & Vince McMahon. Warzone is a great game when you learn how to play it, it is pretty fun. The only problems I had was tag team mode feels like it's broken at times. Like you partner will just stant there & let the pin be broken sometimes the opponet won't break the pin & let his partner be pinned. I wish they would've included The Royal Rumble in The Playstion version. More wrestlers could've been put in the game The Road Warriors who returned to The WWF in 1997 guys like D'Lo Brown& Kama from The Nation Of Domination & I wish Brian Pillman could've been put in the game. If I ever get WWF Attitude then I'll review it.
629	0	Okay I admit it, the two main reasons I bought this game are James Earl  Jones and Michael Biehn, whom I believe are bloody great. However, the game  in itself is lots of fun. I'm making my way through the GDI games at the  moment, and having a good time!
234	1	I LOVE THIS GAME. It is so funny and a bit hard to beat. The hardest level is in the temple where a shuttle is launching and you have to collect data, kill Jaws, get launch tape and launch the shuttle. My favorite level is the Facility Level. That level is so funny and you can shoot the scientists, but it will fail the mission if they were killed. My cousin and I love to blow up the enemies and scientists. My favorite is shooting the scientists and enemies in their butts and they would jump up and down rubbing their butts and then they will fight back and the scientists will threw grenades at you. The controls are easy and this game is better and funnier than the movie. BUY THIS GAME.
735	1	This last year of 2003 ET did a survey about the best video game series ever. Zelda one there poll and this game is one of the reasons why.Ocarina of Time tells the continuing story of the Zelda universe. In the Zelda timeline it takes place before the other games. As usual you are the hero Link. You must save the princess Zelda. You have different quests you must finish and many obstacles that will block your way. The story is that Ganondorf the evil wizard is trying to take over the world. Equipped with the Ocarina of Time you will travel time in your quest to save Zelda, Hyrule, and the world.This game is jam packed with stuff to do. I'd say you have a garunteed 40 hours of gameplay. It has all the classic Zelda weapons and more. You get to ride a horse across the country side and do some impressive underwater work. There are just so many impressive factors.I love this game. I can't thing of words to describe how good it is. If you have an N64 your collection is not complete until this game is put in it.
656	0	When I purchased this game the graphics were obviously amazing with the new nintendo 64. I used to play this hours on end, doing the single player missions over and over and also having some friends over to play multiplayer. After the playstation 2 came out I pushed the nintendo 64 over for a few weeks but I found my self slowly returning to some goldeneye along with a few other great nintendo 64 games.Now that I have a 360 I rarely play goldeneye anymore. But with the recent purchase of a n64, i have again, found myself playing goldeneye with all the wonderful, fun cheats that it offers. This game changed the way we play games, totally. It is still one of the best games I own, right next to the newest xbox 360 games.
243	0	This game is so much fun.  I've always been a big fan of Mario since the beginning.  The graphics are great and the sound is pretty good too.  There are many different goals to reach in each level.  Whether you have to collect coins or stars to open new levels, I know you'll love this game.
277	0	Never played this when I was a kid, but decided to purchase a classic game as I'm trying to build my own personal PS1 collection.
78	1	My favorite part of this game is the battle mode.  My friend showed me all the tricks he has learned from playing it.  Like where to set traps and other stuff.  The one player mode is fun too.
917	1	Wassup, fellow gamerz!  Nubs.  Lulz.My parents just bought me "The Legend of Zeldo: Collector's Edition" for my 14th birthday. It features this "Legend of Zeldo: Oracana of Time" game. I enjoyed this game very much...even tho the graphics suck! I will give you some of my thoughts now!My favorite part was when the main character, Link, pulls the Supreme Sword from the stone in the iceberg temple. Oh man! Glammondwarf (the villain) was so cool! He snuck into the Secret Realm behind Link and stole the Trueforce of Strength!!  Pwned!The Prince Zeldo person was really weird.  He/she was a tranny who turned into some guy named Shaieke, who kept stalking Link on his journey. Then he/she would change back into an elf girl in a dress. What a creep!  But Zeldo had the Trueforce of Smartness, so I guess that character was okay. Zeldo had this tall white-haired ninja lady named Inca as a bodyguard. Inca might have been a man too though...I'm not sure.  She looked kinda like my aunt Helga.The Link character was really cool!  Link wears white tights, a green toga, and had a grappling hook device! He also has this little firefly thing called Navely that follows him around! You begin the game playing Link's little kid brother, which kinda sucked.  I can't pwn Goombas with a little midget (Goombas are these big skeleton guys).  I think the kid brother is supposed be Peter Pan, after he killed Captain Hook and left Neverland (maybe they have another game about that part).But later you get to play Link, who is an adult elf with a pointy nose. He has the Trueforce of Braveness, so that means he is very brave. He can throw dynamites into walls to blow them up and reveal secret buried treasures! I wonder if the treasures were hidden by magic pirates?  Later on, Link gets the Bassoon of Time and can play it to make it snow! I think Link is kinda mentally handicapped though because he never talks. He just goes "Ugh! Hiyah! AUGHHHHHH!" and stuff.I think he might be a cannibal (or vampire) too, because he eats hearts to gain health. There is a really annoying beeping sound that reminds you when it's time to feed.You pick up these little colored diamond things called rublees that you can use to buy stuff with. But they look really big, so I wonder how Link can carry so many in his pockets? And if you don't pick the rublees up soon enough, they begin flashing and disappear! I guess they're like...big holograms or something, like in Star Wars.  Why are there so many rublees hidden in the grass and under rocks? I really wish I could mow my parents lawn in real life and find money like that.There are these fish people named Zurros. They have this giant jellyfish named Mr. Jabba Jabba and you have to go into his stomach to retrieve an ugly little talking fish-man! I think it was the Zurro king's pet and he lost it. But you have to carry it all around Mr. Jabba Jabba's stomach, so it's kinda annoying.Then there are these big rock guys called Gordos that like to roll down mountains! They are my favorites because they live in this mountain called Doom Mountain. It explodes like a volcano and tries to kill you!  Holy ****!That evil Glammondwarf guy is a member of the Garundo thieves. They are a bunch of ginger women that live on a beach. But they don't have any men in their race, so I don't understand how there are so many Garundos? Maybe some of them are trannies, like Zeldo.  I think Glammondwarf might be one. He kinda sounds like a drag queen when he laughs.Sooooo all of these people live in this magical land called Hirole with a bunch of weird cartoon characters. I think it's supposed to be kinda like Toon Town from Roger Rabbit. It's such a huge place! It takes forever to ride across it on Link's horse, Ramona! That's right! You get a horse! Link steals it from Mario and Luigi at some ranch. So I guess Link is kinda a thief. Maybe he's really one of those Garundo thieves? He does kinda look like a girl.  But he's not a ginger, so I'm not sure.Aaaanyway....play this Bassoon of Time game! It is full of so much WIN!  I hope I didn't give too much of it away!  Lulz!!11one  XD-w00tkid95-
699	1	Perhaps SC3K's main problem is that it is far too detailed. Even on a speedy top-end machine the screen will fill with portions of white if you try to scroll at one of higher resolutions. Perhaps this is also SC3K's  main virtue - the fact that you can see down to the last person in your  metropolis. Whatever you say, despite the game's vast graphical and  not-so-vast strategic advances, it failed to do what the fans of the series  held closest to their hearts - personalization. The city develops  completely at random within your zonal confines - you cannot make a  candleshop district, a Downtown, or anything of the sort. You cannot name  streets, despite the fact that you place them yourself. The papers mention  you rarely and glancingly, at best, preferring to metion senseless rock  bands (whose names you cannot supply either) or some other uneventful  thing. The advisors are as helpful as ever - specifically, useless. They  either take no notice of the trouble befalling your city, or they take  notice of something very minor and blow it up to the size of a scandal. THE  1% COMMERCIAL TAX IS KILLING THE CITY!  REMOVE THE PARKING FINES!  All  the while industry fails to develop and a major power outage goes  unnoticed.This game is a cleaner, crisper version of SimCity 2000,  perhaps an update, but in no way a new game in the series.
445	1	To say that the PS1 version of Capcom's X-Men VS Street Fighter is butchered is saying it lightly.  What made the game so great in arcades was the tag-team feature in which you picked two fighters and could switch at any time during the fight.  This feature made for great fighting fun, but because of the PS1's RAM inabilities, that feature had to be omitted.  It's obvious Capcom released this game to make a quick buck on the X-Men and Street Fighter licenses, and while on it's own it can be a solid fighter without the tag-team feature, the graphics are painfully watered down, the game is loaded with sloppy frame rates, and there is loads of slowdown.  If you can get past all that, this may be worth checking out if your a Street Fighter fan, but the Marvel VS Capcom games that would be released later on next-gen systems are more worth your time.
595	1	I have fond memories of this game, and still get together to play it with friends.Before GoldenEye, first person shooters were primarily PC affairs, played with a keyboard and mouse, and multiplayer required either internet or network capabilities, which, at the time, I didn't have. GoldenEye changed this. Just like Mario Kart, you could get four players hooked in. Except instead of bumping Bowser off a race track, you were running around and laying down the heat as Bond, or one of his allies/antagonists. There are plenty of modes, arenas, and weapons to choose from, ranging from deathmatch to 'flag tag'. And once in a while you have to play with "slappers only."In addition to the Multiplayer aspects, it has an excellent Single-Player mode. It's mission objective based (meaning that failure is entirely possible), and as difficulty increases, so do the number of objectives and conditions you have to fulfill.The music is also notable. Sure it's entirely synhtesized/MIDI, but in those days, that was the state of the art. The music fits the scenes pretty well, mostly being varied riffs on the classic John Barry Bond theme, some being a little different.The game contains a nice variety of weapons and plenty of secrets to unlock ( by speedrunning levels while fulfilling all objectives).Whether you've never played this classic or you're looking back on the 'good old days', you should play it. Thisis Rare's N64 Masterwork ( Perfect Dark is pretty sweet, too).
68	1	The first installment in the series, turned many heads and imaginations of many.  A good flick if you're bored and looking for an adnventure.  Can tend to be frustrating.
90	1	I came upon this game in the late 90s/early 00s. Me and a couple of friends would play it religiously and I must say that although the characters are better and more original in this game, Perfect Dark (if you haven't had a chance to play that) is the superior shooter.They both are fun in their own right though. They were both made by Rare which did WONDERS for the N64 gracing us with the aforementioned games and also Diddy Kong Racing which I played for hours on end with friends also.Fun levels to play in and the music was pretty damn good too. Like I said, I liked the characters, Natalia being my absolute favorite and I kept coming back to this game.Even the single-player mode was fun. Just not nearly as fun as the multi-player mode.Fun: Single-Player: C+ Multi-player: B+Sound: B-Characters: B+Controls: A-Overall: B
394	1	This game may not have a lot of flashy features like sound, or simulant multiplayer, but who cares? I bought this game in 1998 and I still play it. I recommend it to anyone who likes first-person-shooters, or a James Bond fan.
155	1	I think Mario is a  great game. Fighting Bowser is the funnest part in this game. The best part is when you see Yoshi. Yoshi gives you 100 lives. It's fun looking for Mario's cap when Mario loses his cap. The game is one of the first 3D and is very good game for N64. Even thoughGameCube has the best graphics, the game is very graphical game.The game may have many challenges, even after you get 120 stars. This Mario game is very fun for N64 and I have to say this is one of the greatest hits I've ever had for N64.
674	1	This game offers unique play. It has a pretty good storyline that keeps your attention, but the stealth required to play the game makes it a keeper. Unlike Metal Gear, you actually loose points by being spotted, even if you make it through the mission successfully. You can opt to go through the mission again for a higher score, or you can go on to the next mission. I liked that aspect the most because the second time around (knowing where everyone is hiding and waiting for you) you get to get the drop on them! Cool beans.
418	1	I am a latecomer to Tenchu. Since it is a PS1 game its graphics really show the PS1's age against the PS2. However if you are willing to accept/ignore that difference you will find Tenchu a very satisfying and deeply fun game. This is most definitely one of PS1's best games.The game becomes more enjoyable the better you are able to master your ninjitsu skills. The controls are difficult to master at first, but stick with it and you will eventually be rewarded. I used to just jump off a roof and try and hack at my enemy. Now I can do a reverse back flip off a roof behind an enemy and exact a perfect kill. Far too cool.Pros:- Many many ways to finish a level.- Stealth is heart throbbingly fun.- Plentiful cheats for amateurs.- Wonderful soundtrack. I ended up buying a copy of the soundtrack too.- Variety of ninjitsu moves makes killing stylishly fun.Cons:- Since it is a stealth game you have to be very patient to make sure no one can see you before you go for the kill. This can take a long time.- Each level is long and the boss is at the end of the level. Dying in the boss' hands means you have to start the whole level from the beginning- No saves during a level.- Joypad controls are difficult to master- but are necessary to support all the ninjitsu moves.
300	0	Except for having to switch discs all the time!!!  I know it's a fact that this game was so big, you had to swap discs, that's the only reason I didn't give it a 5!!!  Other than that the game is completely immersive.  It puts you right in the world of Riven.  This game inspired me to purchase Myst.  Part I in the series.  I hope that they make more of these games for the Playstation 2 and 3 coming out.  Myst III: Exile was the last game to be ported on the Playstation 2.  Come on Cyan, put more out for the Playstations!!
727	1	Talk about being able to play a game forever, this seems to be the case with SC3000.  This game is well done, with many features, controls, interfaces, and ultimately, complete control for you the Mayor.  I have played this game over and over and built incredible cities like New San Francisco.  I know you will experience tons of fun when you buy this one.
200	1	FF 7 has always been my favorite game in the whole world, in fact, it is my whole world.  I play it everyday, but I was always sad, because I had to leave the playstation to go on the internet to read about and discuss FF 7.  But not anymore!  Now, FF 7 is out on the PC, and you have to buy it at any cost, so that you can laugh and cry and live the greatest experience of all time, the experience that is Final Fantasy 7, on your computer!  Just thinking about it is making me tear up a little.  I promise, you will not be disappointed.  The stunning, gut-wrenching visuals, the passionate, heart-wrenching storyline, the exciting, ball-wrenching combat system, the absolutely awe-inspiring characters...nothing could be more perfect.  You have not lived if you have not played this game.
511	0	Got the game. After I came home from work, it was on the kitchen table. My brother probably got to the mailbox first. I hope it is good. My little nephew wanted to play it with me.
40	1	i dont think i really need to tell you why this game is amazing if you have played it you already know
207	1	For a few reasons new people of the Tomb Raider games should not start out on this one, unless they are really skilled at video games. Seriously I beat Tomb Raider One and Two and even Four with a heck of a lot more ease than I did with part Three. So no I would not recommend this to new gamers but people that want a challenge this is the game to get.One of the biggest reasons this game is so hard are the secrets. They sometimes put the secrets in places you would never even notice. So I advise, if you want the secret level at the end of this game, to get a strategy guide cause 99% of the time you cannot find all the secrets on your own. The secret level though is not neccessary to beat the game at the end, and not truly worth the bother to me. I was so happy and exhausted to just finally beat the game that I could have cared less about a secret level and wouldn't have wanted to play it anyway.And that was another problem. How hard the ultimate boss at the end was. I thought the dragon in part two was difficult- at least when it hit me I didn't automatically lose. With the ultimate boss in part three if you get too close he will spew this stuff at you and right away you drop dead. It was difficult and frustrating and took me forever to beat. Yet I cannot say it is impossible, for I did at last beat it, but it is NEARLY impossible and will take you most likely a long while like I. What I did was the best, I got out my rocket launcher and just kept blowing away at him while jumping around and around that platform. I definitely would not stand there or get too close make sure you are as far away as possible for he will not spew that stuff at you unless you are close.Then I guess the next hardest part of part three was just the levels themselves. Some parts of the game were very difficult and without the strategy guide next to me I would have encountered many, many dead ends or stepped into a place that just ended Lara. It grew pretty frustrating at times and the worst part of it all is that you cannot save anytime you like- so unless you cheat and get a load of crystals you will do some backtracking.Worst part of the game:Nevada- In this part all the medi packs you saved up, all the ammo you saved up before- the guards take it all away from you so you have to go through the levels finding your guns and picking up as many medi packs as you can. It grew to be very difficult and I hated that part of the game. The only good part of this level was at the very end when you got to see a few alien bodies.Best parts of the game:South America- For its lovely scenes and it wasn't impossible to beat. I also liked the dinosaurs they put in, it reminded me of Tomb Raider One all over again.And London- London was fun as well I enjoyed playing there, with what looked like the same Sphinx- like statue placed in this part as was in Tomb Raider One, except this time you don't go into this one.So- So Levels:India- Sometimes a challenge that got on my nerves but then the rest of the time it was just normal Tomb Raider stuff, a little boring of a level compared to the others. The statues coming alive were pretty scary though.Anartica- Creepy part of the game. At the ending part of all Tomb Raider games there is some breed of creatures you have to fight- in part one it was what looked like animals turned inside out- in part two she fought what looked like action figures- and now in part three she has to fight mutants. Creepy definitely. Got a little scary sometimes. And this part of the game was not too hard, but indeed I was always kept on alert with those mutants. One problem I hated in this part though was the carts- those mine carts drove me crazy I was always dying in them. Just keep working at it though, eventually you get around those corners without dying.Overall I give this game a 3.5 to a 4 star rating. It is definitely not as good as the first two, just a heck of a lot more frustrating but indeed it was a challenge and Lara Croft is still a fun character to play with so I can't hate this game, but I definitely will not play it again for a long time. It is just too stressful and hard of a game to play all the time.Do not think Tomb Raider Four is just as stressful and nearly impossible- Part Four is a lot better and I recommend it highly.
531	1	Super Mario 64 has some of the best graphics ever shown on a home console.Believe it or not but I like the graphics in Super Mario 64 more than the graphics in Super Mario Sunshine.Sure the levels look great and have snappy tunes to match but the game is way too easy except for Bowser.Mario 64 is overrated but still one of the best games ever made.It isnt the best game of all time but it packs a powerful punch.Lets hope Super Mario 128 is even better with harder challenges,better graphics and more levels. I mean Mario 64 was great but the sequel should be harder because I dont really want to own 2 Mario games that are too easy and not long enough.
944	1	I used to play this game years ago lol. The funniest foul mouthed 3rd graders stick it to the turkeys once and for all. From dart guns- pee drenched snow balls, this game is a good laugh for south park fans.
447	1	This game was very good. The first 3D megaman game to be released.
483	1	This is the very first gran turismo game made. It is very fun and allot easier than the others. There r so many different cars in this game, not even close to the amount as the newer ones but it has allot for the first game. The graphics r good for the ps1 but i have seen better. The cars slow down every time they hit a wall so that is one thing i hate and most of the tracks r only ment for a couple racers not six or more. That makes the track very hard to race on. In the quick race it lets u get better but it only has about twenty cars and ten tracks but it is fun if u play it on multiplayer. That is the reason that i like this game so much, it has a great multiplayer. It does get boring after awhile but it is a fun game.
526	1	This game is fun, but don't expect a classic Super Mario game. This one is way diffrent than any other Mario game before it, but still great in it's own way.
769	1	Simply the best single player RPG i have ever played!!!! From start to finish you will not be dissapointed,,, Please if u get the chance go after majores mask its also a great game..
636	1	Half Life Revolutionized PC gaming.  It is one of the greatest IF not The best pc game ever made.  It has bin said that from almost every Pc Mag or Game mag.  I was a few to own this masterpiece when it first hit stores and all I can say is...wowThis game really changed about the FPS gaming.  It just made me think different about FPS.  It truly is a masterpiece.  I won't spoil this games amazing story of the g man's adventure.  I wont even say how good this game is you just have to play it for your self.The graphics for that time was amazing and so will the upcoming HALF LIFE 2 BABY!  nuff saidThe gameplay.......You're a moron if You acctually think I'm gonna go into that since we already no how incredible the game is....Nuff' saidThe story is what makes this game...a game..it's not just any shooter...it's history in the making..well for games atleast...I'm just gonna make this short and sweet for you...THIS GAME IS AMAZING!Of course this deserves a5 out of 5 stars!!!!!!!Amazing...Just amazing...Nuff said get the game before HL2 comes out..Lates..
268	1	This game is great. You go through 5 different time portales. Each one has five different levels in it and at the end you face a boss. What you have to do is collect the colored gem and the crystal. Guess what. It's not as easy as it sounds. This game pits you against tons of different enemies appropriate to the level. The only thing that takes a star away from this game is the fact that level ideas are repeated. For example there are two different water levels with not much difference. Oh! one more thing. press up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, square at the title page to get a playable demo of spyro the dragon.  This is a great game for anyone who likes playstation
371	1	This is the one game that I would play day in and day out, for more than a year.  The one game where I discovered something new almost every time I played.  It was the one game which brought me and my friends together religiously at least 3 or 4 times a week.  Somehow it just wouldn't die, no matter how hard we tried.At first, it just seemed so standard and bland.  Playing muliplayer for the first time, I had problems finding guns and felt confused and bored running through the Temple level.  soon, somehow, something clicked, and me and my friends  ended up playing it for about 4 hours straight.  Towards the end of that introductory marathon Goldeneye session, we took our first stride out of the standard Deathmatch restriction- increasing my character's health to its highest limit and my friends fighting against me.  Thus we coined the &quot;God&quot; mode, and we played this variant to death in the coming months.It didn't end there.  We had fests where we would do nothing but attack each other with punches.  We bought a bunch of video cable and conected three televisions together to form a sort of splitscreen, LAN-type mode, covering up other player's screens so we wouldn't know where the other players were.  We playedthe Team mode constantly, refining our knowledge of the levels and our marksmanship.  Fed up with auto-aiming, we turned it off and further honed our skills.  I began to be able to play the Complex level in my sleep.  Proximity mines soon became an addiction.  We pushed the game to its limits, learning that we could move the ammo boxes, shields, and guns around by shooting them, thus reworking their positions and creating large stockpiles in team games.  We began to use Gameshark to unlock multiplayer maps that weren't intended for the final version, as well as increasing the limits on two and three player maps to four players.  We discovered a code that turned one player invisible, and proceeded to do hunter-hunted scenarios over splitscreen.Basically, it was the first game to really show limitless possibilities.  It was a revolution for first-person shooters, and so many have overlooked this fact.  It was the first to have targeting of individual body parts, over 20 weapons to choose from, realistic glass, shooting out of lights, and bullet holes, and for its time fairly revolutionary AI.  All in all, it was an experience that defined video games for me, and few if any have matched it with a similar addictive experience.
916	0	This game is the best game on my n64 next to nightmare creatures, this game feels like final fantasy, with Kingdom hearts it was the best selling game on the n64. If you still have one you should pick this one up.
679	1	Mega Man Legends revolutionized The Blue Boy wander forever.Mega's 1st 3-D appearence.I strongly suggest that you buy this game.$15 is an awesome price.In the game,Mega Man is looking for the &quot;Mother Load&quot;,the greatest prize of &quot;Diggers&quot;.Mega Man also thinks that if they find it,it might help solve the mystery about Roll's past.In the game,you can find air shoes(the famous X &quot;dash&quot;)and the famous helmet.You start with Mega Man having no helmet,but thts cool. You can also get special weapons,like the sword and a drill.I would say this,and this only....BUY THIS GAME NOW!
838	0	Game most played by my granddaughter. She loves the game. It is fun to watch as well. Good game for kids.
968	0	This great game is commonly overshadowed by the INFERIOR N64 Zelda games. If you have the N64 without this game, what are you waiting for? Buy this game! Super Mario 64 has GREAT gameplay, sound effects, music, graphics, and an excellent intro to top it all off!
560	0	This is easily the best game I've ever played.  I played it back when it was first released for the N64 and at the time there was nothing else like it on any of the other platforms. It led the way for 3d gaming which is of course the norm now.  To this day I still get nostalgic and pop the cartridge in on occasion just to run around in the various worlds. The graphics still look pretty good and the game play is still fun.  A simply incredible game.
843	1	What else is there to say? This is the best game I have every played. Totally worth a replay. The game was in great condition and got to me quickly.
569	1	I bought this game in 1997, over a year after it was released. The first few weeks i played it, i was amazed at the beautiful 3D graphics. Honestly,  i had never seen 3D graphics before this game, so it was awesome and  inspiring.I love this game, so i'm writing this review. There are some  memorable moments from this game (like when Mario ventures into the haunted  mansion or when he goes on a rainbow ride in the skies)All in all, it  showcases the N64 incredible 3D graphics and the sound isn't half  bad.The levels are interesting and sparse ( i beat this game with the  Nintendo Power guidebook) and should take some time to crack the puzzles.  Basically, the game is quite easy and not surprisingly, it has enough  mini-quests and puzzles to keep you occupied. As for level designs, i think  it's excusable considering it's first generation stuff but still deep  enough to immerse you (again) after a long absence...My gripe is while  this game is really good (i mean i'm a big-time Mario fan from the first  mario game), it's only as good as it lasts. I found it hard to go back to  this game after a while- cause it was like having discovered everything and  it made it hard to play through the whole thing again.My advice: play  selectively. You need to get into the mood. While i say that, it's without  doubt that i have never regretted buying this game.Even if i never play  this game again and leave it to collect dust (not likely)-i'll always  remember this game as one of the finest moments of the N64 lifetime (that  is 1996-2001).Anyway, every Super Mario game is groundbreaking (SMB1  created the side-scroller, SMB2 was queer and fun, SMB3 is the greatest  platform game ever, SMB4 was one of the most replayed game i ever played  and this game is mario in 3D without luigi,which is sad)But cheer up  people- the next generation is almost upon us. But i know that when we look  at 3D graphics today, we will know that this game had a part to play in  making this our reality today.
294	0	I only bought a N64 recently, but played it numerous times at friends houses.  I've already got a PS2 with 38 games, and 6 for the N64, and have played god knows how many others but I have to say that Super Mario 64 is on my top 5 list!
879	1	Loved it!!! One of the best games in this genre. Good story, and even has the guy from the first Terminator who protects the woman (can't think of his name) as one of the main actors in the cutscenes, and James Earl Jones. High production values.  The game play is top notch.
110	1	Spyro the Dragon: the game that SHOULD have been Sony's mascot instead of Crash Bandicoot.The original Spyro the Dragon is probably the best platform/adventure game you can find for the Playstation.  I can't give Spyro's first adventure a 5-star rating, though.  Let's get the problems out of the way before moving on to the positive things about Spyro (and believe me, there's a LOT of good things about this game).People have compared Spyro the Dragon to everything from Crash Bandicoot to Banjo-Kazooie to Nights, and... who knows what else.  Well, I think the first Spyro game is JUST as good as all those games.  In fact, Spyro the Dragon is better than the first Crash Bandicoot game.  Now THERE'S a game that disappointed me.  Spyro came out of nowhere and RULED right from the beginning.  I never would have guessed back in 1998 that Spyro would have went on to become a classic.Spyro's debut does have a few problems, though.  Seeing as how this is Spyro's very first adventure I won't be TOO harsh.  Am I the only one who thinks the play control could have been better?  It's not that I have a tough time controlling Spyro.  Well, to be honest, I DID have trouble controlling him at first.  Spyro doesn't QUITE take off when you hit up, down, left or right on the directional pad.  There's a split second delay before moving forward.  Maybe the creators of the game thought this was part of the realism since, after all, you're moving a DRAGON.  A BIG creature like a dragon won't move forward right away.  Then again, Spyro is small compared to the dragons you have to rescue.Controlling Spyro was definitely a problem for me at first.  For example, attempting to properly jump on top of the three round platforms you encounter at the very beginning of the first world was NOT an easy task.  I kept sliding off.  By the way, I recommend you take advantage of these round platforms to get to know the controller.  Master the controller before exploring the world.  This will cut down on any possible frustration you may encounter in the future.I have to consider that my inability to control Spyro may have been due to the camera angles.  Even though the camera in this game is *drastically* better than many other games, you have to admit it isn't flawless either.  If you hit Pause and go to the options, you will see an option for a second camera view called "active".  This view is better because the camera immediately follows behind Spyro at ALL times.  The other (default) camera view is more of a hassle trying to figure out where you're moving, and you can't get a good view of what lies ahead.  You may want to change it to "active" if the other camera view is difficult for you.  Thank goodness for this option!Some people have a problem with the lack of challenge.  While it's completely true you won't have much trouble making it to the end of any stage in the game, prepare to die 4 or 5 times in each stage before you understand exactly what you have to do, and where you have to jump.  I think the most challenging thing about Spyro the Dragon are the times you have to jump onto a far-away platform, and many times you just BARELY make it.  Many times you will fall to your death.  Be patient, though.  The game NEVER messes with you by throwing in any impossible jumps.  Sometimes it's about finding *just* the right spot to jump and glide, and if you're off just a *little bit* you won't make it.  The creators of Spyro are smart not to make the game frustrating, seeing as how it's supposed to be a game for the entire family.  Good work.The biggest challenge comes at the very end of the game when you face the main boss.  He's really easy to beat, however, GETTING to him is a whole other story.  You see, right at the very end before you face him, you have to jump over a series of disappearing platforms and if you fall (and you WILL fall the first few times because it's hard) you will land in burning lava and have to do the whole stage over again.  Not that the stage is really that long anyway, but this is by FAR the hardest part of the game.  The other 99% of the game only offers a slight challenge here and there.With that said, don't be fooled into thinking the game will be a cakewalk because of all the easy obstacles found throughout World One.  It DOES get harder.  You see, many of the enemies you face in the later levels can only be defeated by either smacking them with your head, or shooting fire at them.  You won't know which of these tricks will be most effective on them until you face the enemy and experiment.  You also have to dodge fireballs, sword-swipes, dogs jumping at you, and tons of other enemy attacks WHILE you try to find the best way to defeat them.  So it's not pathetically easy after all.A minor complaint is that sometimes while you're walking or running, the path will suddenly end, and you'll fall to your death.  Doesn't happen often, but I thought it would be worth mentioning.I hate the way Spyro talks.  He sounds like a bratty teenage rebel with a nasally voice.  Not exactly what a dragons voice should sound like.  Also, when you rescue the dragons, sometimes they say important things you might want to pay attention to.  The problem here is that many times the important tips they say aren't really helpful because they say them right AFTER you've already had to do them!  For instance, in one case after you glide to a far-away platform and rescue a dragon, the dragon will tell you how to glide.  Obviously, since I needed to glide in order to rescue him, I already KNOW how to glide!  So I didn't NEED his help!  This happens a few times during the game.  You just want to scream "Thanks for nothing, bonehead!"The music was done by a member of the rock band the Police, Stewart Copeland.  People may not realize it, but certain themes in Spyro the Dragon are *very* close to some of the songs that made the Police such a legendary rock band.  Stewart Copeland may have intentionally created the music in this game to match that of the Police, specifically the songs "walking on the moon" and "message in a bottle".  You'll soon realize that the same guy who created the music in this game also played a big part in creating those Police songs.  The music in Spyro the Dragon is also very catchy and appropriate for the level you're in.  No complaints.  The music is fantastic.I think the creators made a mistake.  When you hit L2 the camera rotates clockwise, and R2 makes the camera rotate counter-clockwise.  It should be the other way around.  Another thing that needs reversed: the way Spyro flies in the bonus stages.  When you press up, you fly down.  When you press down, you fly up!  Strange mistake.  This makes it harder to complete the flying stages, however, you don't have to finish them.In fact, despite what people may tell you, you do *not* have to collect ALL the gems and ALL the dragons.  Finding and collecting all the gems and dragons will only give you a better percentage and open up a bonus stage at the end of the game.  The gameplay in Spyro the Dragon can actually be compared to Yoshi's Island- you don't have to find everything, but doing so will open up rewards and give you an overall better score.  The creators did a fantastic job hiding gems and dragons, increasing the challenge.  More often than not you will see a treasure chest or a dragon statue up high on a platform and not have a single clue how to reach it.  It's fun to run around and think about how to reach it.  Some of them are cleverly located.  One word to describe it- *awesome*Anyway, Spyro the Dragon is tons of fun and may possibly remind you of a 3D Donkey Kong Country, what with TNT barrels and the jungle levels you encounter later on.  Spyro is much better than that overrated Crash Bandicoot game, and you should pick up Spyro the Dragon today.
149	0	WHat a game.  I have played Zelda For Nes, Snes, and now the N64  A link to The past was a great game but this is the best Zelda game.  The graphics are graet.  Teh temples are huge.  This is the best game for the N64.  Majoras mask is great too but this one is better.  Sp i reccomend this game to everyone.  It truly is one of N64's best.  Can't wait to see Zelda on Gamecube
100	1	This is one of my favorite games of all time.  In this game, there are 30 different levels that are mostly composed of the same 3D Crash levels that we're used to. Some levels, however, you get to use a biplane, motorcycle, or Jet Ski. Like the previous versions of Crash, you have to collect crystals and gems.  Now, you can also collect a relic for having the best time.  The music is fun, the controls are easy and it's just an overall great game for any age.
382	0	Great game. Old now of course, but still fun to play. Good gameplay and pretty good graphics, not the best but good. Fun shooter. The Half-Life series is really successful and this is the game that started it. You dont have to have a great computer to play this game and thats the plus of it. I never beat this game, but got close to it, I just got stuck lol. If you are new to the Half-Life series, then this is the game to get. Check it out!
346	1	One of my all time favorite games for the Nintendo 64! I missed playing this and finally ordered the game just to feel the nostalgia, ha. The game works perfectly, and I feel like a little kid again fighting bowser :D
135	1	I had a positive but more negative experience with this game. I did beat it a few times at the final level, defeating Bowser. But, the game crept me a couple of times. I could not fully control the buttons on the controller in order to figure out where I (Mario) was. Plus, there were some enemies that were scary and immortal. I could not stay in the water for too long or else I would die. However, the game was the first 3D Mario adventure type with cool graphics and so.I rank this game the second in the list of most difficult Mario games (maybe 5 as total) ever. The winner is Super Mario Bros. 2 (in my opinion).
545	0	I used to love this game; but now it's dated and now that I look back on it, it's not as fun now, either way, here's my review.Graphics: 8.5/10. This is a more realistic snowboarding game, so there are very realistic colors; unlike snowboarding kids or anything with very bright colors. 1080 features very realistic physics and is very sophisticated. Anyways, the graphics I remember loving mainly because of the powdery snow. I liked to edge in deep snow just because it was it was so fluffy. For that, this game got what it got in this category.Sound: 9/10. Whether you go through a foot of snow or right accross jagged ice, there's a different noise. There is a different sound for everything, which is strange because really for the most part in many games on the N64 there is the same or a very similar song for everything in the game.Control: 8/10. Very, very realistic and solid, but It's frustrating for that reason. it is really realistic so you really have to land FLAT to get land, which can be frustrating for little kids. There is also damage; so if you get beat up a lot you will not win the race.Fun: 8.5/10. Nice and realistic, great events, and different difficulties for every age and cool characters make this a must play for any  owner of an N64.9/10
245	1	All right for the guys that hate to read a lot about, real quick if you like 3d platform action adventure titles and maybe you like CB just one thing, GET IT!!!!!!!!!.OK now to business, I have been in the world of video games since Atari 2600 and colecovision, so after more than 20 years of gaming I KNOW of what I am talking about, if I say its worth is worth it!! but the final word is always yours.Game-play:+++++This game has everything you need for hours of high quality of gaming experience, the art concept of the game goes over expectations of the hardware limitation of the PSO, The design of every single element in the game is very creative and unique, the developers invested time on the comedy of the game, which is a tradition on the original trilogy, as usual the controller its a wonder no need to struggle controlling the character and it vibrates as well, the powers, the moves and the style of the main character (CB), its superb, every part of the game becomes fun, not repeatable pattern of enemies or levels, the game itself has a lot of extras for a replay, definitely an outstanding game!!!!!.Difficulty:!@#$% (Platinum RELICS)Curse, frustration, but with practice you might become a CB3W masterPlot:+++Well do not expect a twisted chrono trigger plot!!! as always in crash games the lack of plot its compensated with a beautiful work in the software itself, basically crash goes trough a set of portals using N Cortex (once again his back with an ally) Own technology through time and space, the main thing is of course stop them!!.Graphics:*****This is the strongest part of the game no doubt, the game is programmed to utilize MOST of the potential of the PSO GPU, they managed to create excellent crystal effects!!!, water!!!, light sources and shiny surfaces like chrome and ice!!!. one of the few games that deserve to be owned forever unopened!!, one the few great looking games for PSO.Overall:*****Perfect over all score!!. once again if you thing you can beat the game with one hand attached at your back and with folded eyes, try getting beyond 100% and all the platinum relics, the real gamer and fans of the series did it!! look for it on you tube, so the difficulty is very acceptable!!. this is by far the best Crash Bandicoot game by far, since I personally thing that going trough naughty dog to travelers tales lost a bit of formula of this great franchise, but oh well see yas.
136	0	This is my family,s favorite fighting game. From my six year old daughter on up to my 10yr. old son they love this game.  The graphics along with the sounds and moves are excellent also, there is a great character selection to choose from.
591	1	The first Tenchu to come out (which is the reason why there isn't a number behind Tenchu) and the first Tenchu I have ever played, also the Tenchu that forced me to fall in love with the series. When I first played the game it was love at first sight, no one-night stand here, this one's a keeper. The game takes place in Feudal Japan; the game starts at the time period and impressively stays there through the entire game. You won't find anything you wouldn't find in the time period (Yes, Feudal Japan did have guns). Some people would complain about the over-exaggerated bloodshed and the sometimes-cheesey dialogue. I must disagree with these people these two factors made me enjoy the game even more. "What the hell!?! Why would that make a game better?" You maybe asking, well those two features made me feel as though I was watching an old Japanese Kung-Fu movie, minus the kung fu that's how I believe you must think of this game to fully enjoy it. After watching the ending I believe that's the effect the creators wanted to put in this game, after seeing the end sequence yourself you'll know what I mean. Of course the bad camera angles sometimes made this game annoying. In order to block your opponent's attacks you must hold down which a lot of the time backed you into a corner.... The reason I only gave it three stars? I don't think this is a game for everyone, that's why. I believe this game will be a rare collectible in the future, so buy this game now and save yourself future trouble.
159	0	Hello again, friends. What bad can be said about Mario 64? The polygons are smooth as silk, very, very, VERY rare slowdown, and the Mario we know and love.Can anyone guess what plumber's job is in this game? It's to traverse 15 levels in search of Princess Peach. On the way, you have to stomp on Bowser's head. Thrice. All your favorite enemies are back, with the exception of Koopa Troopas. The goombas, shy guy, the Lakita Brothers, the moles, Bob-ombs, everyone's back!At a graphics standpoint, Super Mario 64 is absolutely outstanding in every way, shape, and form. Kudos to Nintendo. 5 out of 5 for graphics.A great soundtrack and a great Mario voice make for a great overall sound. 5 out of 5 for sound.The huge worlds will keep you coming back for more. There is no way to put this thing down. 5 out of 5 for replay.The final score? Go look at the stars.See ya later. Go buy this game. Merry Christmas. Luv ya.
460	1	This is where it all started. If your and old school gamer you've probably already played this. And if not it is a great game. If your a GTA fan but haven't played this it is a must to truly understand how great and innovated this series is and has become. If your not a fan of old school gaming though you may not like it.
369	1	REGISTER NOW!UsernameBy now, many Mario fans have taken a look at either the Japanese or U.S. version of Super Mario 64, so we'll spare you (most of) the hype and rhetoric. Having said that, it must be stated that SM64 is the greatest videogame to date, and one which all games, regardless of genre, will be judged henceforth. Nintendo set itself a nearly impossible goal and achieved it with SM64. Look closely, Mario's lineage is 2D -- not ideal material upon which to base the most intensely scrutinized 3D videogame ever. But videogames are, in the end, meant to entertain. And entertainment is at the heart of this fantastic title.Like many previous Mario games, experimentation is integral to the experience of playing. You must explore everything, leave no rock unturned, no mushroom mute, no door unopened. Mario himself has so many possible movements, and the environment is so intensely interactive, that even the least experimental players will spend hours on the first level without achieving anything in particular. The game is initially less accessible than previous Mario titles, although the three-pronged analog controller isn't really where the difficulty lies -- the joypad itself performs excellently. Overall, the biggest obstacle in the game is finding the correct viewpoint. The camera, which moves on its own (unless directed manually by using the four gold buttons), tries to find the optimal angle to view the action, though occasionally you're simply not able to see where you're going. Additionally, frustration sets in as you spin the camera around while simultaneously attempting to run across a moving plank or tip-toeing across a tiny ledge. But getting the hang of SM64 is all a matter of practice , and as soon you catch on, you will execute these skills unconsciously. The variety of levels and scale each world is simply breathtaking. The game consists of 15 massive courses in which Mario can attain seven stars per course, with numerous secret areas and bonuses, including 15 extra stars (for a total or 120 stars). It'll surely take the average gamer 60 hours to reach the third and final Bowser and free the princess (not to mention find Yoshi), so the game's replay value is bountiful. And despite all of their saccharin-sweet cuteness, the graphics are magnificent. Shigeru Miyamoto's dream of producing an interactive cartoon has been fully realized -- the animation is lavish, the textures rich, and even the most superfluous touches have been completely executed. SM64 is not perfect, however. Despite the efficiency of the hardware's Load Management, draw-in is noticeable, and occasionally gamers will look right through walls or objects. Still, this is as close to perfection a game has ever been (64-bit, no less). Super Mario 64 also puts Nintendo's preference of &quot;silicon over CDs&quot; to the test, with pleasingly familiar results. Most owners of either a Saturn or a PlayStation (or both), have by now acclimated to long load times, though grumblingly. Super Mario 64 will remind them of how gaming used to be: load time is nil, and reaching a playable level is only a matter of seconds. From the time you switch on the unit until you're done, the flow is seamless, and moving from one game area to another is instantaneous. Nintendo's musical prodigy, Koji Kondo, turns in an inspired performance, somehow finding room on the small cartridge to create the appropriate music for each world. Even though some tracks are cheesy, others, like the sitar-laden score of the first fire level, are more than effective in setting the mood for the level, and are as atmospheric as any Redbook audio. Also impressive are the sound effects: Mario's onscreen antics are matched by grunts, whoops, and hollers, fleshing out his spunky personality. As a whole, the flagship N64 game more than makes up for any painful delay (or delays) imposed upon the unit's release. SM64 is complete in every way, and the challenging experience of working toward each new level is far greater than the game's minimal flaws. Nintendo's craftsmanship and zeal for creating fantastically enjoyable games has never shown through more than in Super Mario 64. Nintendo 64's early flagship title demonstrates the power of the hardware as well as the creative genius of Miyamoto and team. Not only does the game obliterate every platformer before it in terms of visual finesse, it plays just as well if not infinitely better than previous 2D incarnations of the Mario franchise. 3D worlds are huge and cleverly laid-out so that there's never a dull moment. Secrets play a huge part of the experience, recapturing the classic gameplay style of the series. In fact, this game is exactly as one might hope it would be: Mario in 3D. More freedom, more space, more options, better graphics, improved and elaborated control schemes -- it's all there. Possibly the greatest videogame achievement ever. Don't rent. Buy.
839	1	Remember Command and Conquer, the real-time strategy that lets you build a base, a lot of units and rush the opposing force?  You'd think the developers of the original would come up with some innovative game play for the sequel. While maybe they can, they didn't here. Not only is the game play unchanged, it suffers from a weak story, poor balancing and computer AI and several small problems.The single player campaign story, what there is of it, is just a jumble of scenarios without much to tie them together. There are characters and things happen to them but but there isn't a story progression to follow. You fight over here, you fight over there, then it's the final battle. In fact I reached the end of the GDI campaign without realizing it. The live video cut-scenes should have helped create a rich back-story but writing this I can't remember any of it.There are balance issues particularly with NOD units and structures. A NOD 'super laser' structure can destroy almost anything with one shot but the NOD artillery is completely unbalanced. With a long range and a big punch, the artillery is can wipe out any ground force, and is unstoppable even in small numbers as long as a small anti-air backup is nearby.The computer is an easy opponent. It doesn't rush but sending units at piecemeal, a handful at a time. It doesn't protect it's harvesters either, once you locate them it's easy to cut-off the computer's resources. The computer showed some initiative just once: During a NOD scenario several GDI engineers rushed my base taking several of my structures. I was so surprised it nearly wiped me out but building a good perimeter stopped later rushes. In the scenarios that followed the engineer rush never happened again. I didn't try any higher difficulty levels, maybe the computer plays better there.Large maps are hard to manage, the game tell you that an offscreen unit is lost but not where the unit is. Some scenarios seem designed to simply frustrate you with a huge map and a timed objective with no direction as to where to accomplish it. In the end the game is all about the mass rush, once you build 50 or medium strength units nothing the computer can't stop you. On the technical side this game ran perfectly on Windows 2000.If you're looking for more of the original Command and Conquer this game's for you.
885	1	Yes, TR3 is a bear (so to speak ;-).  E.g., there's a particular spot at the very outset of the game, hiding under the leaves, which you have to make a blind leap to find, and would never guess is there if someone hadn't told you.  But that is in the grand old tradition of Adventure -- the one point remainder (a postage stamp, usually, in the old days, or dropping the magazine in a particular place when you're at your wit's end).  The impossible puzzle drags you out of the game and forces you to kickstart your social life, and ASK REAL PEOPLE for the answer.  Very legitimate.  Same as, "Don't kill monks at Barkhang Monastery" (TR2), and don't kill monkeys either (TR3)!  This game is a heckuva lot of fun on a great many levels OTHER THAN gameplay.  It's full of visual splendors that rival the next to last discontinuous maze of TR2, and I enjoy everything about it ... except playing.  The game part is tedious, unfair and annoying beyond belief.  But it's a real collector's item, especially on PlayStation 2 (be sure to keep your PS1 memory card!), and in our family, it's in its second generation of total immersion.
367	0	Had to get this game beings my mama's sister bought me one but the disc was messed up in certain parts of the game. I enjoyed it very much, and the challenge behind it was unlike any other game i played. Thanks.
406	1	This games is one of those few titles where stealth killing is actualy fun. Tenchu had competant graphics for the time, though ugly by 2012 standards. The controls definately had issues but lets face it, this is the best Tenchu game to date. Tenchu has not alway done well as a franchise but this has its charming moments. Years later, the thing that sticks out most to me is the Soundtrack. There are certain games you hang onto for the BGM's. This is one of those games. The over the top stealth kill and trying to unlock certain items is well and good but the music is the thing that always calls me back. This games wonky graphics and play controls were never anything to write home about and only got worse with each consequential sequal and retread. The first one is the best in the series, in my opinion. Priority was never graphics or packaging. It was all about the fun.. and lovely soundtrack.
947	1	This game is very fun. I have only played a demo that my cousin has but I'm dying to pick up a copy. The demo is short and we like to come up with different themes to it like we're going to a party at the building at the end of the demo. This game is kind of funny. Some of the enemies are pure fools. I like to run around the van with them chasing. Then I turn around and and knock the crud out of them. I like the guns and sticks that you can pick up and when you run out of ammo you can throw your gun at the enemies. That's pretty funny too. The characters have awesome moves. I love fighting games and this is one of my favorites. If you like fighting games and games that are just plain fun, buy this game.
426	0	The best game for the N64. if you are to have 5 games for the system it needs to be Mario 64, Mario Kart, Smash Bros, Banjo Kazooie, and Zelda
928	0	Although I should probably first say the disc its self was in perfect condition I was not satisfied.  The picture led me to believe I would get the game disc case and manual.  All i received was the disc.  maybe I assumed to much and should have read the description better but the picture its self was misleading.  read the fine print with this seller.
912	1	So glad I ordered this game, it was like nostalgia overload of awesome, it helps that it was in PERFECT condition with the case and booklet and got here super fast. One of the best RPGs I have ever played. And just a heads up, you totally can not beat the two unicorn bad guys in the beginning no matter what the internet tells you so don't wast 20 hours trying to.
866	1	Zelda OCT is an action-adventure RPG (there is debate about this, and some argue Zelda is it's own genre) with a combination of puzzles, fighting, and racing. Anyone who enjoys this genre will be enthralled by OCT (which you can play on several Nintendo platforms including the 64 and Gamecube). I still play Zelda OCT 10+ years later on the Gamecube from time to time, it's that good of a game.Graphics:For the time period, Zelda OCT on the 64 was beautiful and it has stood the test of time FAR better than other older games on consoles. It was the first truly 3D game for a console and set the standard for what video games should look like. If you grew up on newer systems and PC's, these graphics will look "blocky" to you, but the Gamecube has an OCT version with more refined graphics. Still, if you want a "retro" video game experience, the N64 Zelda OCT has graphics that are still enjoyable today.Story:The Zelda story is perfect for a video game, as the basic premise is always the same. Link, a young boy (or young man in newer games), is the reincarnated hero of time. He must battle the evil Ganon/Ganondorf to save Hyrule and princess Zelda by using the power of the Triforce.Zelda OCT molds the "Zelda Story" into a fantastic tale that will take a least a few months to beat for your first time. The game's puzzles become progressively more difficult, culminating in the notoriously challenging dungeon - the Water Temple. The story combines several races (Hylians, Kokiri, Gerudo, Gorons, and Zora) seamlessly into one large kingdom. The enemies are varied and interesting as well. The Fantasy-Adventure story line is complex and intricate, complete with twists and shocks, time-travel, and genocide. Time affects the characters, and you see that not everyone loses when evil prevails. The story details are amazingly deep, to the point that pictures on someone's wall and the clothes they wear can fill in some back story of that character. I loved the detail and enjoyed filling in little pieces of the "back story" by talking to the NPCs and looking through the first person scope at their tattoos and clothes. The main story is also amazing, with the typical epic sword-clashing adventure ingeniously employed in the Zelda OCT universe. It's truly a master's greatest work.Game Play:The 64 had a simple controller for fun game play. There are only a few buttons, A, B, Z, C-pad, R1, L1, joystick, and the D-pad. The D-pad isn't needed in Zelda 64. This limited key selection was used to build an elegant fighting system around a few button combinations. Although B always attacks and A always does "an action", the genius of this system falls in the types of attacks you can do. Depending on the way your character is moving, and whether or not an item is targeted, Link can perform an impressive list of sword attacks (vertical cut, horizontal slash, diagonal slash, spin attack, thrust, and jump attacks). Despite the fact that B, Z, and the joystick are the only buttons that control these moves, Link is easy to control and I never had problems getting Link to perform the combination of moves I desired. Link could cut any sign into 5 unique pieces consistently - that is excellent controller response!In addition to the perfect synchronization of Link to the game controls (something newer games like Dark Souls could take a lesson on) the game play is interesting and varied. Although the main fighting style will be slashing it up with your sword, each monster has a unique weakness that you can take advantage of with a variety of weapons. Link not only totes a one-handed sword and shield, but he also get's access to a sling shot and deku seeds, boomerang, hook shot, bow and arrows, bombs, deku sticks, deku nuts, and two impressive two-handed weapons: a hammer and a sword. These weapons can all be used in different ways to different effects at various times in the games.Although the game would have been interesting enough with just those weapons, the game is further varied by magic. Link can wield three types of hand magic, as well as three types of magic arrows. This adds another level of monster fighting, where Link tries to find the weakness so he can move in and dice them up.Apart from the impressive array of weapons, Link also packs a varied wardrobe. The stoic hero is far from interested in fashion (I mean, he runs around in a tunic and tights with a long cap, so he obviously doesn't care about his looks), so each piece has a specific use. You can mix and match boots and tunics for different benefits. Some bosses can only be beat with the right combination of clothing and shields, and figuring out how to use which items against a difficult boss is part of what makes Zelda OCT a great game.Wait, there's still more to combat. Apart from the variety of moves and effects Link can muster with his impressive array of items, there is also horseback combat. You can ride around on Epona, a fierce, wild, mare who only listens to you, and shoot things with your bow and arrow. There are also mini games centered around the fun and challenging horseback combat.Summary:Zelda OCT is an excellent Action-Adventure RPG with an epic story line that seamlessly melds a complex kingdom and elegant fighting style into a grand video game. The characters are interesting, with even the most minor sentinels having a back story that you can uncover. The main story is fun to progress through, and you care about a lot of the characters you meet. The controls are excellent and perfectly integrated for fun, non-frustrating, game play. The bosses are challenging, requiring wit to uncover their weakness from the surroundings and circumstances before you can move in and damage them with your sword.Final Note:If the 64 is too retro for you, Zelda OCT has been remade for the Gamecube with newer graphics. However, the Gamecube controller does not integrate as seamlessly as the 64 (understandably) so you will miss out on a large part of what made Zelda 64 great. Additionally, there is a 3DS version, but I haven't played that so I really can't comment.
942	1	THIS GAME IS SO EASY THAT IT IS BEYOND BELIEF! and I mean that, too.  Some people think that they're the GREATEST nintendo players of all time just because they beat Super Mario on the N64 console.  Big deal.  This game is incredibly, (AND I MEAN INCREDIBLY) Easy.  It's okay, but nowhere as near as good as Zelda.  However, if you want a game that's excellent for the N64, get this game.  Here's my pros and cons for this highly wonerful and yet laughably easy game:PROS:Wonderful graphics.Addictive gameplay.Every now and then there's puzzles that are mildly challenging.Un-predictableness with the creatures in this game make it fun.CONS:Awkward camera angles.Too easy that you should beat it in about two or one month.Controls are weird and at times confusing.Graphics are good, but at times there are major glitches.This games levels look alike every now and then.The plot sucks.  It does.  Save the princess and jump through paintings and destroy Bowser.  Come on!Bowser bosses are not difficult at all.  You can beat all three of them in like less than a day if you try hard enough, (I did it in one day, true story, I SWEAR)And there you go.  Hopefully this review helped somebody out.
51	1	This is one of the best games!  You have to play it.  It is definitely the best game in the Zelda series so far.  It has adventure, romance, mystery, and SO many subquests.  It's about a boy named Link who has a destiny.  He lives in Kokiri Village, a little tiny village in the land of Hyrule.  Anyway, a little fairy named Navi comes and says that he must meet the Deku Tree.  He does and the Deku Tree tells him to go inside the Deku Tree and destroy all of the evil monsters inside him.  Link does this and the Deku Tree gives him the Kokiri Emerald, or the Spiritual Stone of Forest.  The Deku Tree phrophesies that Ganondorf, an evil desert Gerudo man, is trying to get hold of the Triforce, the essence of life in Hyrule.  But in order to get hold of the Triforce you have to get three of the spiritual stones.  Unfortuantely, after the tree's prophecy, he died because of the curse Ganondorf had cast upon him.  But Link and Navi go on their journey and get the Goron's Ruby, or Spiritual Stone of Fire and the Zora's Sapphire, or Spiritual Stone of Water.  Link gets the Ocarina of Time but when he opens the doors Ganondorf gets in before him and he gets the Triforce.  Link waits seven years in the Chamber of Time and when he awakes he's all grown up.  Rauru, the Sage of Light is there and tells him that he must save all the Sages from their temples and receive the medallions.  He receives the Medallion of Light, Forest, Fire, Water, Shadow, and Spirit.  But the game.  It's definitely one of the best N64 games around!
344	0	The most amazing graphics you could see! If you own a flight simulator yoke and/or throttle quadrent you can make your gaming experice easier. The Crash effects may not show in trailers or videos, but in the actual game you can see the damage. I higly recomend to purchase this product. Happy Sailing! To Reader: THIS IS NOT A LITTLE LITTLE KIDS GAME IT IS COMCLACATED!
187	1	Goldeneye has to be one of the best multiplayer games ever.  I still play this game against friends even though i have a ps2 now.  The graphics are still ok to look at, even though i have seen far better on dc and ps2. It has excellant replay value and is very challenging to defeat on all difficulty settings.  Pick this up if you want the best fps on n64.
816	1	Goldeneye 007 is the best game for the Nintendo 64. Its an amazing game, and its still fun to play today. There was a game called Perfect Dark that was similar to this and came out later, but this is the far better game. Tons of great guns and gadgets are here, and the gameplay is awesome. Its not the best first person shooter ever(Halo for Xbox is), but its still one of the best. The graphics arent the best ever right now, but at the time, in 1997 or so, they were real great. The music is good. It has a mysterious sound to it for some reason. This game has some of the best levels in any game, and it controls great. Multiplayer in this game is some of the most addictive ever. At the time it had the best multiplayer around. It might not now, since there are games like Halo and Diablo II, but like I said, it was the best at the time. There arent really any negatives. All hail to the best game on N64, and one of the best games ever.
785	1	I'm not quite finished with the game's DiRT Tour mode, but I believe I've experienced the bulk of what the game has to offer.  And I'm happy to say that the game is indeed awesome.  Great cars, great tracks and racing modes, excellent gameplay and graphics.  The highlight has been racing in the snow on various tracks in Aspen.  There are also some really cool obstacle courses on pavement, which are new to the series.At first, I felt that the game was plagued with the same difficulty spike DiRT 2 had, where you can win any race without trying on casual difficulty, then lose big time on medium.  Then I found the custom difficulty settings where you can choose from 5 levels of challenge, then pick and choose from all the other assists and handling options.  Basically, you can let the game play itself by just holding the throttle and steering, or take gradual steps to reach what you feel works best for you.  Love this feature!  Sadly, there is no option to increase the 360 controller's dead zone or adjust the sensitivity.  I'm doing ok as is, but some tweaking would be ideal.Much like the previous two games, the handling is a bit flighty.  But that's speeding on loose ground for you.  Still, I feel things have tightened up somewhat since DiRT 2.  Still no cigar, but it's a step forward.  The game runs as smooth as silk on my 560ti wih all the settings maxed.  No issues whatsoever.  If you enjoy racing games, this is not one you should ignore.  It's the best DiRT so far.
530	1	I will never forget the first time I played this game. A friend of mine had been talking about it for months when I was finally able to borrow a PlayStation and rent a copy of this game. It is really a fun Action RPG with elements of Mega Man, Indiana Jones, and Zelda.
185	1	The legend of Zelda has always been a series that continually delivers amazing games that are at the top of their class.  The legend of Zelda has always been my favorite video game series of all time since I was little and their games continually suck away hours of my life.  This is the game that made me truly love gaming(Before I just did it for fun).  It also set the stage for other great games such as majoras mask, wind waker, and twilight princess.Gameplay:  If you have played any of the other Zelda games, you will know that you play as Link, a young Kokiry boy who must go out on the adventure of a lifetime to defeat the evil Ganondorf and save Princess Zelda.  The controls are flawless.  You just move the analog stick to make Link move, move forward and press A to roll, press B to use your sword, the C buttons are home to you other weapons such as the bow, hookshot, and the like.  This game introduced the revolutionary lock on system where you just pressed Z, and staid locked on to an enemy, which meant no more aimless sword swinging, it realy made the combat more managable, and much more fun,  Like any Zelda game there is a huge overworld to explore.  You have grassy plains, tall volcanic mountains, serene lakes, sandy deserts, difeerent towns and villages, and lots to do.  The overworld is just enourmes, esspecially for an N64 game.  Hyrule feild stretches in all directions.  One of the great things about traveling is part way through the game, you will get a trusty horse named Epona.  Riding around hyrule feild is just realy addicting.  There are many great minigames to do as well, such as the shooting gallery, bombochu bowling, selling mask, and fishing, yes fishing.  There are also special task to do such as collecting ten special poes(Huge ghost that appear in hyrule feild), or collecting 100 Skulltullas(Spiders of a horrible curse).  The meat and Potatoes is of course the dungeons.  Each dungeon is completley uniqe and different than the last one and shows off alot of great elements.  There are many challenging puzzles that reward you when you figure them out.  You raise and lower water, look for paths that are invisible with the lens of trooth, push giant blocks with the silver gauntlets, use the megaton hammer to push blocks, and much much more.  Each dungeon is just very well crafted that it is hard to beleive that it came out in 1998.  There are many feirce enemies in each dungeon that fight to put an end to your quest such as Stalfos, bats, lizolfos, armos, iron knuckles, jellyfish, tektikes, readeds, skulltullas, and so many more.  The boss battles are each intricitley desighned and completely different than thre last in the way they look and fight.  The boss battle with Ganon at the end is one of my all time favorite final battles ever(only rivald by the fight in twilight princess, and Mother brain).  The difficulty is always just right with the challenges and enemys getting toupher as you go on.  Through the game you get alot of fantastic weapons to use, such as a bow, hookshot, megaton hammer, hovor boots, silver gauntlets, boomerangs, and much more.  Each is always put to good use and none of them ever go absolete and are awlays usefull the whole way through  One of the big mechanics is of course the ocarina itself, you play it manually with the button layout being like the holes in the real thing.  You can change day into night, transport across the world map, and open passage ways with you trusty instrument, and much more.  The biggest suprise is after you get the Master sword and travel forard in time seven years.  Time travel is a huge element in this game as some things you do as a child will effect the things you do as an adult, and vice versa.  there are also different things avalible to do in each time and it is a blast to go between two time periods and it realy makes you feel powerfull.  Nore matter which aspect of the gameplay I am talking about, I cannot find fault anywhere, absolutely perfect.Story:  Hyrule was created by din Nyrule, and Farore, they left behinf the triforce which lies in the Sacerd realm.  Many years later, an Evil Man named Ganondorf seeks the triforce and Places a curse on the deku tree, and does other horible things to many races .  The deku tree tells navi, the fairy that she must awaken Link as he has been having a nightmare about the evil man.  Link goes to get a sword and Sheild, and goes to see the great Deku tree who asks him to rid the curse.  Link succeeds but finds out that he is far to late.  Before dying, the Deku tree tells him the legond of the triforce and gives him the spirituall stone of the forest, the Kokirys emerald, and then tells him to go to hyrule castle to meet nPrincess Zelda.  Link goes to hyrule castle, meets princess Zelda Who tells him of the dreams she has been having about Ganondorf and Ask Link to get the other two stones, Link obliges and gets them but finds that it is to late As princess Zelda and Impa flee hyrule catsle, Zelda throws him the Ocarina of time.  Link then comes face to face with Ganondorf and gets a taste of his power.  Zelda then Telapethacally teaches him the song of time.  Link goes to the Temple of Time and Plays it at the alter where the stones are placed and opens the secret chamber where he finds the Master Sword.  Link being the legendary hero, takes the master sword, but finds that he has fallen into Ganondorfs trap.  He is then seald in time for seven years where he is awakened by the sage of light Rareu.  Link discovers that he is now an Adult.  and instructs him to find and awaken the other sages.  This is where the game gets epic, but I wont spoil anymore fore, suffice it to say it is a great story that is very well told and will keep you wanting to find out what happens next.Graphics:  These graphics were truly groundbraking and ahead of their time back in 1998.  The moment you step out into hyrule feild and se the scale and distance you will be mesmerized.  The game shows off some fantastic day and night sequences as well as many different colors.  Hyrule market looks and feels alive, the kakariko village will look like a town with houses and shops.  The desert esspecially is arguablly the best way to show off the N64s power with snadstorms and wind effects.  The Charecter models are great for Lnik, to Zelda, To Ganondorf, to the bosses, to even the NPCs.  The enemys realy look feirce and different.  These graphics truly set the standerd in 1998.Sound:  The sound effects themselves are Spectacular like the flowing water, the clank of a sword hitting a wall or an enemy, the enemy sounds when thay are struck bu the sword or when they are attacking, Lniks yelps, and much more.  The game features a brilliant musicalll score, Koji kondos work is reminiscent of John williams almost, and that is not a comparison I make lightly.  You will hum the beat of the lost woods, love the powerfull melody of the temple of time, be entranced by the song of storms, there is just so many great melodys that I have lost count.  The song of time is truly memorable as well as all of the others.  My only complaint might be the lack of the traditional overworld thing and Navis annoying hey listen screams, but these are all tossed aside once you hear Koji Kondos work at its finest with the lost woods theme and song of time.Replay Value:  I still play this game nonstop.  It truly proves that Amazing agameplay oulives any other aspect of a game.  There is just so much to do and so much to see and so many places to explore that you will never want to drop the conntroller.This game is My favorite game of all time and is a must buy for any N64 owner, or enouph of a reason to get one if you do not have one already.  It is also avalible on the Wii vertuall console and is well worth the download.  This is the game of my Childhood and I cannont stress enoph how much you need to get this game.
643	1	I actually did purchase this game two times.  I lent it out some years ago and never got it back. I recently noticed that the price is very modest so I picked it up again.  Why? This game is an older generation game (PS1), but it is better than some PS2 games I have played that only advertise graphics but have poor gameplay or short game time.  Tenchu is a satisfying game that lets you creep around, slice necks from behind, and hide out on rooftops. You will avenge the death of a crooked merchant, rescue a captive nijna, save a princess, destroy a fiendish cult, stop the spanish pirates, and fight a big boss with a bigger sword. Of course there are those who opppose this type of activity and thus will try to stop you.  Its lots of fun running around, hiding, killing from the unseen.  Its better while doing it while the great game soundtrack is playing.  This game has very catchy music that brings you you right in. The graphics, like I said, are mediocre, but that wont make or break a game anyway. Gameplay makes the game and this game has plently. Plenty of enemies to defeat, two selectable characters, a bunch of ninja items to utilize, and the percect amount of levels.What isnt so good about the game? Each ninja only has a small amount of stealth kills to use. There are plenty of regular attacks to be diverse but only 3 stealthy kills. One kill is rarely used due to the fact that you have to be iun front of you r enemy to use it which is dangerous because he will see you. You usually do the neck slice (yawn).  Another downside is that many of the ninja items you acuire will be useless.  Since you can only carry 4, you will take ninja stars, bombs, paralyzing rice cakes, and the grapling hook.  The others are junk or rare objects recieved as bonuses for completing the missions on a master ninja score. Again the graphics are dated. The enemy AI is a pretty stupid. You can run past an ememy warrior and duck behind a bush or tree and he wont know where you went.  He will look around himself quick and resume his patrols, "Where are you!?"Its still a load of fun and can be a challenge at first to get a perfect rating and unlock secret items. Replay value is pretty darn good. You might get tired of it after beating it with both ninjas, but you will get a taste for it some time later.  This game will not sit in a closet.  Many PS2 games sit in my closet, but this dated PS1 game is in my PS2 right now.
479	0	I Love this game it's the best Mario game on Nintendo 64. It is fun and everyone would love playing this game.
339	0	The Playstation version of Riven is definantly not as good as the PC version, but it still adds up to be a great experience. Solid gameplay, crips graphics, and top-notch sound. But still falls short in some areas. Disc changing can get very tedious. That's one reason why I recommend the DVD version for the pc. But it's no doubt this game will suck you in and keep you sucked for a long time. Get ready to experience a whole new world.
255	1	Back in 1993, a little game called Myst appeared. Everyone went crazy for  it -- it featured amazing graphics, addicting search and explore gameplay,  and it was actually educational. A main part of the game was reading, so it  figures that many parents were so supportive of it. It was also, though,  terribly spooky at times. You could be anywhere in the world of Myst and  still feel a general sense of... well, spookiness.But Myst was in 1993  -- and even though it held well throughout several years (which is  amazingly good), it started to be noticed more as a classic than current  technology.So how well can &quot;Riven: The Sequel To Myst&quot; hold up  against &quot;current technology&quot; and the original classic? By simply  making the adventure more intresting, more long, and with more  &quot;spookiness&quot; -- an original Myst-cliche that adds drama to the  game.&quot;Riven&quot; is even more rewarding than &quot;Myst&quot; so  much to the fact that it is sometimes speechless. There's five CDs to the  game -- that's clearly enough for anyone to buy this game. Even as it  starts out, you better look for clues. The developers made it so that if  you do not look for enough information, you could go from one disc to  another in less than 20 minutes.The graphics, while nice, aren't the  best in the world. Even the control (using the Playstation controller) is  sometimes sticky. But believe me, you'll get used to it.It's definetly  worth a buy from any fans of the &quot;Myst&quot; era.
818	1	I recently tried playing this game, and by this point, my N64 is lucky it didn't get chucked out the window. The first few passes through the first few stages were fine, and pretty fun, but the rest of the game ends up being one long, annoying, tedious, impossible, and frustrating chore.To start off, the control just isn't good enough to pull off HALF the things you need to do in this game. There are instances where you must execute specific jumps to get you from point A to point B, but half the time, the controller is non-responsive. Especially when it comes to levels that put you high up, this usually means falling...over and OVER again!To add to this annoyance is the fact that there are no check points. If a level requires you to go to the top of a mountain, and you spend half an hour just getting up there and then you fall, you have to climb the whole thing ALL OVER AGAIN! So if you're like me, and find your self wondering off cliffs every other try because of the awful camera work, you will be playing the same stages over and over with no payoff but one big headache!Now let's talk about the camera. Throughout most of the game, I found my self fighting IT more than I fought Bowser. It's simply impossible to judge distances based on where the camera is facing at any given time. Pressing the C buttons will move it around, but you have to keep perfectly still in order to avoid suddenly gong sideways or backwards. If you are in a stage where there is a time limit or a complicated jump, this can be particularly fatal.Adding to this frustration is the fact that it is incredibly easy to over or under jump! This wouldn't be as much of a problem if it weren't for all the levels which require you to get to "the top" of things. Again, if you fall once, that's it, you start all over again. If the game designers weren't going to give you any continue points in these levels, why-o-why did they make it SO FRIGGIN' EASY FOR YOU TO FALL!!!???There are plenty of levels and stages in this game, and lots to do in all of them. But by the time I cleared one stage, I really questioned whether or not I wanted to even GO to the next. Finally, after reaching a mere 52 stars, my answer is no.So that's my two cents on this game, I can't beat it, I don't want to beat it. I'd rather go to a Morrissey concert with Kathy Griffin as the opening act than try to play it again. It would me MUCH less annoying than this game!
286	1	Thinking back on the times of Zelda, have got me thinking. The game was absolutely breath taking, I remember how fun and exciting it was, and it was so good, because of the challenge. If there is still anyone who has not played and beaten this game, please get it, it is totally worth the money. Then in 4 or 5 years, you too can think of what a great game Zelda was, but then you will feel bad for neglecting your Nintendo 64 and playing your PS2, but PS2's time for neglection will come in a few years also.
678	0	Well, I'm going to have to agree with Darth Vader on the strong part. But as for the force part, I'm nonchalant. Star Wars Rogue Squadron begins somewhere in between Star Wars Episode IV and Episode VI. Let me just say, you'll be visiting place in the Star Wars universe, and doing missions that have no bearings to the movies, which is good with me. The graphics in the game are some of the best you'll ever see on the N64. The music and the atmosophere of the game are very well done. This is, I would say, the best Star Wars Rogue Squadron game ever made! Oh, and by the way, yes I have played Star Wars Rogue Squadron: Rogue Leader. I fully recommend this game! And thats my review! Remember, "Be a customer. Not a consumer! Period"- Jake Smithers
778	1	It's great to play if you have nothing to do well anyaway. The level's are so cool it's get's better each time you go to a new level. Each level have something you must do before you go on. There are alot of little places that you can fine little small heath pack's get those you will need it because there is always someone trying to stop you and kill you O, if you fine anything useful get that too.Sometimes the informate is right there in your face you just got to look that's all.This was my only game that I own for my playstation. That the time I did't know if I sould play it or leave it alone will I play it and you know what, I like it for once a woman is doing the thing and I said it's about time, do you know what I mean??Well go have fun I did. Take your time and do it right I did and I got good at.
830	1	This game was okay - it could've been better.  I like the story, it's way different than it is in the movie - it's more fun.  But like I said before, Perfect Dark 64 is the new Bond.  The main story is fun and so is the multiplayer combat.  There's a crap load of Bond characters to unlock and levels too.  But I'm not a Bond fan, in fact, I hate Bond!  But this game is fun.
551	1	One of the best games on the N64, it combines action, adventure, puzzle and other elements as you go through awsome based levels to beat it.
876	0	Once you get the hang of the controls, this game is awesome... it's challenging and entertaining, and everyone should have one.This game has amazing graphics-- you can even see the snow spray off the board when you make the slightest turn. Plus, the camera controls are flawless. The sound track is pretty good, too- you can hear the snowboard scraping and the snowboarders sometimes talk, and the techo tracks that accompany the races are pretty cool too.My only complaint is that there aren't enough courses. After I unlocked the 6 courses and beat the &quot;Black Diamond&quot; level, there wasn't much else to do. But even after you've unlocked all the courses, it's still fun to play against your friends in the 2 Person VS mode, or doing tricks in the half pipe.I think that anyone who has a N64 should add this game to their collection, without a doubt... it's a solid game, and you won't regret it.
825	1	All right, the graphics are nice and the terrain damage is something new, but that doesn't make up for the gameplay, which could be summed up in one word:SLOW.Skirmishes take a real long time to get going; I mean, at least a half an hour before you can get a sizeable force. And then what do you find yourself doing? Protecting your base with them, and attacking with missle launches. I'm dead serious, the only way to attack is with missle launches. To attack with your men (Especially tanks) takes like ten minutes to even get to the enemy base!That being said, the multiplayer is a total waste of time. If the person your playing saves you the trouble of teching and attacks you early on with engineers, consider yourself lucky. Don't get caught up in a 3 hour game that is just about to be resolved, when you or your opponent loses his/her connection. And don't consider engineering a cheap way to attack, it's the only way anyone attacks...THe campaign is allright I guess, if you can stand the poor gameplay to get from cutscene to cutscene (Which aren't as good as Red Alerts were)..... Come on, you can't tell me NOD doesn't have a huge advantage over GDI. They do.Let's hope Kane bites the dust soon, before the C&amp;C series turns as twisted as &quot;The Forgotten&quot;.
983	0	1st shipment received a book instead of the game.2nd shipment got a FAKE one. Game arrived with a wrong key inside on sealed box. I got in contact with codemasters and send them pictures of the DVD and the content. They said nothing they can do its a fake DVD.Returned it good bye.!
180	1	A major Tomb Raider fan, I decided to play all the games over again and finished both part one and now part two and they're both still as great as I remember. I think both are strong and worthwhile games with great plots but Tomb Raider Two is more tough, but that's the point of a sequel. It's longer (or at least it felt that way, especially when it came to the Ocean part of the game) yet I enjoyed playing it.Both Tomb Raider One and Two have interesting plots and both are different. In Tomb Raider Two it has to deal with a Dagger that throughout the story grows more important to find and soon. You go through many different levels than you did on Tomb Raider one- including the Floating Islands- which is one weird level but very fascinating. My favorite levels were in Venice, the places in Tibet and yes the Floating Islands. Home Sweet Home level was a little scary- being attacked in her own home!- but I thought it was a good twist. The ending itself was tougher than the first one that's for sure, and I did say a few curse words while trying to finish the game, but eventually when I did finish I knew that it was worthwhile. I had to get a strategy guide nonetheless to beat this game, because indeed in many levels it was a little too tough for me to figure out, but then there's no shame in getting a little help.Overall the game is more hard and challenging and just as creative in plot as part one was (the storylines are way good). I enjoyed it and I recommend it to everyone who loved part one.
750	1	One of the launch titles for the N64 back in '96 Super Mario 64 had only a small band of rivals at the time. The most prominent being Star Wars Shadows of the Empire and Star Fox 64. The game has stood the test of time in several factors. One you can still find it brand new. Two the previous games mentioned are almost impossible to find unused! Three for a launch game the graphics were great, but they are not as good as late comer Banjo-Kazooie. The story line is interesting and the levels are big, but not as large as Banjo-Kazooie. You have to find 100 Power Stars that Bowser stole from Princess Peaches's castle, and if you get all 100 you can go to a cannon near the castle, hop inside, shoot onto the roof of the castle, meet Yoshi (Mario's dinosaur friend) who will give a super new jump and 100 lives! The games levels are challenging espicially the last few levels and the levels where you fave Bowser (you have to beat him three times) are DANGEROUS especially the last one. From the sea to land to desert to snow covered mountain and to the desert and beyond Mario must battle enemies in 3-d and collect six stars on every level. Five stars are attainable by completing tasks while the sixth is attainable when you collect 100 coins on a level. The music is hummable and the characters are nice and mean. This is still Marios biggest adventure and with the coming of the Gamecube and the fall in price for the Nintendo 64 and its games, Super Mario 64 is a must have. I've had my 64 since Christmas '97 and also received Super Mario 64 which is still a GREAT game!
227	1	This is an excellent game for spending some time on. I have played it before on a demo cd long ago so that's why I decided to buy it. It's about passing missions and destroying planes, bases, ships, etc. It find it very fun. The missions happen in different ambiences and time of the day which makes it more interesting. You can get new planes with different attributes according to what you want. A great title for the ps.
929	1	The first time I played this game I was amazed by the sheer quality coming out of this game. The grahics were absolutly incredible and the gameplay was out of this world. This was all in 1995. Now that tekken2 and tekken3 had arrived on the scene it seemed as though tekken had faded to a fairyland. Back then in junior school everyone was in conversation about all the characters and the secret ones and how you unlocked them. And know that games like tekken2, tekken3 and soulbade coming to the playstation tekken was suddenly never an issue. All I know is that tekken was a fantastic game at launch and had also beaten virtua fighter on the saturn which was a rival to tekken. If tekken had never come out then I believe with a 100% that none of the existing games that I have mentioned above and their sequals would have been in existance. Despite these games being in existance tekken is still a soulfighter and is the game that made namco famous on the playstation.
1	0	I purchased this game after a nostalgia case I had (lol) and it worked just fine. I would buy another if this one failed.
634	0	Fun game!  Never played a dragon with an attitude of kick butt until I found Spyro.
358	1	This is a must have for any gamer. Codemasters really hit a home run on this one. I would like to see F1 2011 be this good using the ego engine 2.0 and the physics model in this game is right on the money. This game is the reason everyone should buy the best graphics card they can afford. I am using a nvidia 460 overclocked, and I have on order a 590. I want to run this game with everything on highest level. I swear to you that even with the 460 + , the graphics are very realistic and I really enjoy racing at ground level. This game makes Codemasters the king of graphics realism. BUY THIS GAME !!!!!December 6, 2011  I saw my review of the Internet and wanted to update it for you. First of all anyone with this program, BUY the extra environments and cars. It is money well spent and a first class job of an addon. I wanted everyone to know that this program is still the top of the heap in graphics. I bought Battlefield 3 and it is good, but not the standard of the ego 2 engine. Codemasters are the king of graphics so far and I find that the more realism a game has, the more adicted you will become. No other program running with all variables to the max, looks like Dirt 3. Thank God for codemasters and I can hardly wait for GRID 2 in the summer.
258	1	Goldeneye set the standards for every FPS that has followed. It is the best of the best. The levels are action packed and extremely memorable. I can do the levels in my head I've played them so many times. The graphics are dull now, but back in the day these visuals were top notch. The music involves some of the best techno I've ever heard. The game is also surprisingly difficult. I took me ten years to beat all the difficulty levels. The multiplayer is ahead of it's time with four player large arena style deathmatches. This game should be missed by no one, pick up a copy today and first hand see the best.Presentation- This game captures what it is to be James Bond. There are a great deal of weapons, cool menus, and music that still rocks to this day. All around a great feeling game the blood rolling down the screen after you die is epic. 5/5Story- The game follows the story of Goldeneye pretty closely, and there are two bonus levels that follow other Bond movies. Including one of the hardest levels of all time the Aztec based on the movie Moonraker. 5/5Graphics- This game looked amazing for it's day, now it may be unimpressing but remember what the world of N64 looked liked. 5/5/Game play- This is the part that could be helped by a remake. The N64 controller only has one joystick. This is awkward sometimes, but the use of the c-pad to strafe helps. Nintendo please remake this amazing gem. 4.5/5Sound- Some of the best music in a video game ever made. Catchy music that I even have on my Ipod to this day. 5/5Lasting Appeal- I still play this game regularly when the current generation games anger me. I can play levels in my head, need I say more. This game will never be forgotten or equaled. 5/5Rating 4.9/5
224	0	I played this game for the first time some thirteen years ago and I was blown away. In the days of 32 bit graphics on PlayStation, this was as good as it was going to get for car games. While EA had the arcady Need For Speed franchise, Sony and Polyphony Digital's first foray into simulation racing was absolutely fantastic. As the first entrant into the series that is now up to GT5 (I don't care what the negative reviews say, that game is great!), this shines as the title that started it all. I won't go into the nuances of the game here because others have done so before me. If you are chronologically inclined like I tend to be, and you want to start the series at its genesis before moving on to the later games, there is no better place to start that right here at GT1. Be forewarned, of course, that the graphics on your HD TV will be a little lacking...ok, a lot lacking. With all the cars, setups, tracks, and races to make up for it, the now suspect graphics won't matter at all. Get ready for the first drive of your life.
494	1	This game is really fun, but I honestly enjoyed Crash Team Racing for the PlayStation a lot more. One thing that annoys me about this game is that you can't look behind you. I pressed every button and I can't get the camera to face behind the racer and this makes it impossible to shoot green turtle shells from behind without proper aiming. So nine out of ten times, I'm going to miss my target. How did Nintendo screw up this badly. And the racers are pre-rendered much like how Donkey Kong and Diddy Kong were in Donkey Kong Country for the SNES. I was wondering why wasn't it computer generated like Super Mario 64? It's still a nice little game, a little pricey, but still nice to have in your N64 collection.
538	1	The second one was the best in the series for me, still this was a good flick and many others just went off the deep end.  The newest one is by far the best in the series and a complete re-invention.
411	1	Although the Final Fantasy series was pretty good, no other RPG can compare to this.With a very long storyline, and if you don't have a strategy guide handy, there's a possibility that it might take a while to finish the game completely.The features are just amazing. At some points, you are required to move into the future 7 years, where Link is a full-grown adult, and sometimes back 7 years to advance in your journey. As an adult, some things will have changed. And when day turns to night and vice versa, some things will change that will be different when compared to the same place, only in the daytime.The battles are intense. And as for the boss battles, the bosses have a variety of options that they can do, and to effectively defend, you usually have to be prepared for any &quot;curves&quot; that they throw at you.Legend of Zelda: OoT holds a lot of replay value. Even after I've finished the game, I'm still having a great time.Overall, Legend of Zelda: OoT is probably one of the best RPGs available. Would be definitely worth buying and would also make a wonderful gift!
696	0	There were a few stickers on the cartridge, but it's alright because the game worked fine and it's such a fun game when you're on multiplayer mode.
70	0	If you are a fan of TR you're gonna love to have this one in your collection!! The graphics are better though on the pc version...
973	1	Once again, Crash Bandicoot takes a big step up to greatness! "Crash Bandicoot 3: WARPED" was fantastic! It was even better than the second one. Better graphics, story, music, and gameplay.The enemies were fun just like in the first one and the new vehicles available were awesome, like the bi-planes, space fighter, Pura the Tiger, and the jet-ski. Also, it wasn't as difficult to gather the Crystals and Gems as it was in the second part. The environments were better and the new powers that Crash Bandicoot acquires are totally awesome: the Super Belly-Flop, Speed Shoes, Death-Tornado Spin Attack, and the totally awesome Fruit Bazooka! This is definitely one of the best of the games in the Crash Bandicoot Trilogy. You Crash fans MUST get this game!
907	1	Quite possibly, if you don't know why then you haven't played many videogames ;-)
7	1	This game was a tad on the easy side for the most part, but it was still great fun. One of the best Zelda games. Cool places to explore and neat items to find.
661	1	Trust me, Do not buy this game.  I am the local TM lover and know-all.  I bought TM4, TM2, and TM3 (sadly I can't find a copy of TM1)  After i bought TM2, I was looking forward to cool characters, cool battlegrounds, and semi-pixated graphics.  I found none of these things.  There are only 4 new characters, Club Kid, Auger, Flamethrower, and my favorite new driver, Flower Power.  The levels, especially Washington DC, is a small open level, which is no fun.  The North Pole is annoying, and I hate the boring London level.  The graphics are cheesy, and 989 studios tried to make them look too real.  The cars flip over with every tight turn you make, when another car hits you, or you drive onto a hill.  This game is not realistic.  This game should have 0 stars and is a disgrace to the TM title.  I warn you, do not even look at this game.  It is the worst.  The car combat genre is in shame.
667	0	Graphics: 8/10 - You can see some of the computerised effects you crash or something, but all of the graphics in this game look good and give feel to the competition.Sound: 8/10 - There could be a bit more commotion when you crash or flip or something, but the engines vrooming gives you a thrill and the creaking sound of the breaks is eye-widening.Value: 10/10 -This game is seriously worth the money. The word value is essential when buying a game and you get your money's worth and more. In short: get it now!Overall: 9/10 - Fabulously entertaining and complex car game that really lives up to its reputation. You'll be playing it in your sleep!
56	1	Legends is one of the rare Megaman releases that takes place in a 3D world as opposed to the traditional 2D side scroller most MM fans are familiar with. Both Legends and Legends 2 are among some of the best made story driven 3D adventure games the PSX has in its massive and sometimes daunting library.
701	1	Super Mario 64 is one of the best games ever.It's a classic, no Mario fan should be without it.Now, onto the reveiw:Controls:9.5/10It's pretty good compaired to some games, but most games have much smoother control.But since this is one of the first N64 games, I'm going to give it a good rating considering there are no PS2s, GCs, or Xboxs.There's mario's famous jump, double jump, and triple jump.The double and triple jumps can be performed by timing when you press the A button.There is also the groundpound aka buttstomp and other confusing jumps.Also, Mario can pick up and throw various items, climb walls using the wall jump,and punch and kick.The reson why this game's getting a 9.5 is because some jumps can be hard to master, and controlling Mario can sometimes be hard.Graphics:10/10Like I said:This is one of the first Nintendo 64 games!So, it's okay that the graphics are a little blocky and not very detailed.The graphics are very well done.Replay Value:7/10The point of the game is to retrieve all of the castle's power stars and save princess Peach.There are 120 in all.You only need 70 to beat the game.Sure, it's fun to go back and beat the game a couple more times.But how much time are you going to spend getting all 120?Some stars are very hard to get, and after a couple of times, you might get frusterated and just give up!Overall:10/10Super Mario 64 is a brilliant game.Mario can be turned into metal Mario, invisible and fly by wearing special caps that last a certain amount of time.He can shoot from cannons and swing Bowser around by the tail.The courses are cleverly designed, everything is almost perfect.I use the word "almost" because nothing is perfect.
381	1	This game is really good. It was the launch title for the Nintendo 64. It's a full 3D world. The objective of the game is to collect the Power Stars in Princess Peach's Castle to get to the top of the castle to fight Bowser and save the princess. 70 stars out of the 120 are required to face Bowser. This game is really big too; you can fly, turn invisible and go through certain types of walls, and turn into metal! The game is really good and I would recommend this to anyone who has a N64. If you don't have a N64, you can get it from the Virtual Console service on Wii for about 10 bucks.
351	1	If you like the story then get this. For me, multiplayer is where it counts and I have more fun with Rage Wars. FRAG TAG IS AWESOME!!
632	0	This thing was DOA. It wasn't even worth returning for the money I spent on it. Don't waste your money on this card.
63	1	I did not play this on N64, but I did play it in the arcade! It is such a wonderful and awesome game it is not even the least bit funny! The graphics rock, the arenas are both cool looking and interesting, there are many cool moves each of the fighters have, and the endings are movies! I have won this game four times, all four as none other than Scorpion, my favorite MK fighter(4 times I won MK4! Perfect fit!). I love this game, it is cooler than nearly any game I know, there are some of the coolest fighters ever along with Scorpion in it, and I plan to get it for my computer. Period.
216	0	This game is not receiving the credit it deserves. It's a good quality game. I had a blast playing it. Far more than i did with Twisted Metal 1 and 2. The whole series is awesome and, to me, theres not a bad twisted metal game.
535	1	This is game was based on the movie and they hit it spot on! Playing the levels are fun, but this is the perfect game to play if you are just sitting around with a few friends talkin about the old times.
183	1	Name me one child of the nineties who didn't grow up playing this game, and I will show you an unhappy adult. Spyro was a very important part of my childhood happiness, and remains a part of my life to this day. In a time where all the other young girls around me were playing with kitchen sets and drawing on the sidewalk with chalk, I was kicking Gnorc butt.As I'm sure there are some people out there who are still unfamiliar with everyone's favorite purple dragon, how about a quick rundown?The Dragon Realms are a peaceful place, full of artists and dreamers and crafters, and they pride themselves on their beautiful gems. While some dragons are being interviewed about their world, the long banished Gnasty Gnorc overhears some less than positive comments about himself. In retaliation, he turns all of the dragon's beautiful gems (which reflect his face back at him) into Gnorc minions, and freezes the dragons in crystal prisons. All, that is, except one short little purple firebreather, who becomes the hero by taking it upon himself to defeat the Gnorcs and free all the dragons.You utilize two attacks; your flame breath, and your horn charge. Throughout the levels you encounter several types of enemies, but especially Gnorcs. Your goal throughout the game is to unfreeze all the dragons, and collect stolen dragon eggs from the taunting blue thieves. Each of the six homeworlds contains a non-mandatory boss battle (aside from the Gnorc Gnexus) and a balloonist who will transport you to the next homeworld. Your health meter is represented by a little dragonfly by the name of Sparx that follows you around. Sparx starts out bright yellow, dulls to blue, then to green, and once he is gone, you're toast. Lives are gained with small dragon statues, or collecting so many of a small silver orb dropped by previously defeated enemies.Spyro is a classic that will never die, and your life will only be made better by playing it!
488	0	I already own this game but it's in terrible condition. This is due to me lending it out, which is something I certainly don't do anymore. My favorite Megaman game period, along with 2, I had to get it again. And I have no regrets. Besides, I have 2 copies of the game now: One with only case and disc that have seen their better days and a newer complete copy that reminds me of my original copy in its prime.
654	0	This was my a;ll time favorite both on the arcade and at home. Great classic as far as fighting games went back in it's time. Works wonderfully! Thanks so much.
743	1	I love this game.  I love this game.  I love this game.  I just got Ocarina of Time and it's been a few years since it has come out - it still rocks even in comparison to what's out now.  I've had a Playstation 2 for a couple of years and have had a good game here and there, but after playing Ocarina of Time, I realize that I had forgotten the beauty of Nintendo games.  They just have a special feel to them (and they make me remember the years that I was a little tike playing old Nintendo games).  I just beat the game about 5 minutes ago.  I certainly won't spoil anything, but I will tell you that the ending is over 30 seconds long and is something worth playing through the game to see...  A video game hasn't brought me this level of satisfaction in a while.  Bravo Nintendo, bravo.
361	1	Alright this will most likely be the only time i will ever give a N64 game 5 stars, but for Goldeneye i eill make an exception. Ok Goldeneye was 64's jump into the world of high tech video game systems, but unfortunately they couldn't keep it up. This was a very solid 1st person shooter, excellent graphics , and not even repetitive secenary, what more could you ask for in a game? The weapons were great, maybe a little exaggerated at times, but over all good. Long levels and lots of them made this game excel in the lasting appeal category. Sound was good, but not having the cd quality sound os a PS or a DC hirt it a little. Unfortunately Goldeneye got a little smack in the face when everybody started comparing it to the flopped Perfect Dark game. But overall a great game and even though i am a die hard Playstation fan i still have a place in my heart for Goldeneye.
877	0	the only SHUMP on the 64 i figured i'd check it out... it plays like a genesis game with crude 3D backgrounds. not very interesting to look at. if you want SHUMP there's only one system for you and it's called the dreamcast. this one you can pass on.
140	1	THE BEST N64 GAME. It's easy, difficult to totally master, and is fun to play again and again. The bosses are creative and original, and the dungeons are fun and easy. Storyline is pretty good, better than the &quot;save the princess&quot; generalization it's often given. The characters are a quiet hero of time, an eternally youthful forest girl, a wild rock man from the firey Death Mountain, a rebellious fish woman, a determined royal guard, a sexy thief, the &quot;princess&quot;, and of coure, Ganon the bad guy.
709	1	i love ryu i love wolverine, ryu invented the fire ball not goku, goku who? you could suuuuper juuump and throoow fire balls fire balls bring out your second character fire power
452	0	This is the third game in the main series of Crash Bandicoot. This game has outstanding gameplay and visuals. It's a Crash game, so you should know it's good.So, here are the final results of the review.Graphics 9/10 or 4/5Sound 8/10 or 3/5Gameplay 10/10 or 5/5This game is also the seventh best selling Playstation game.
76	1	Tekken 2 it the huge sequel to the best selling fighter, Tekken, this game includes advanced fighting and secret characters to die for. Not only theat, but it had a plethera of gameshark codes to make the game easier. this game also introduced the 10 hit combo, the automatic win. Namco has done it again and they have done it with flying colors, this game is a must have for the fighting fans.
146	1	This game is great. You can either duel it out with up to 3 of you're freinds(plus you) or do a single player campaign. Let me explain single player campaign first. A deadly virus kills 99% of women in the game and so the National Guard takes the reamaining women to a Quarantine Zone. In the game,you are Griffin Spade and you must rescue Madison from the Federal Relocation Forces(earlier reffered to as the National Guard). To progress in the game,you must destroy enemy tanks and bunkers,destroy enemy bases prior to rescueing the queenlords inside them(the last base is the Quarantine Zone in Snfrinsisco),take the queenlords to you're base via you're tank,earn new types of Tanks as you progress(Goliath,M1A1,and a minature one),gain ally tanks by earning points(note:you can't get ally tanks until after rescueing the first qeenlord),and gain Power Ups which provide you're tank with sheilds,replacement armor(if you're tank gets damaged),weapons,and ammo. The capaign mode is really fun and has good replay value(considering you can get more tanks if you get more points than you did lst time),but it's still good to do multiplayer modes with freinds for both practice(to prepair for campaign mode) and fresh challenges(if you've beat campaign mode more than once). Plus campaign mode includes bonus rounds where you can earn extra points. Okay here's a list of all the multiplayer modes:Deathmatch:You must be on you're own against other players for this one,but you can get automatick gun terrets to assist you.Annilation:Depending on the gang you choose,you get a certain number of Goliaths,minature tanks(similar in size to gun terrets,and of course,M1A1's.  Battlord:Simply steal enemy queenlords.  Strategy is greatly involved as they're are 3+ ways to get past a enemy Goliath tank(fire guided missiles from your own base,move in and out fast with a moto tank,head on attack,lay mines on its track,or place a neough gun buddies to take it down.  Defense measures include protecting your goliath tank,laying mine around your base,switching to goliath tank,or placing gun buddies.
420	1	Making a City, it's a change for once. I like this game because it gives easy control, and it's fun to play. There are some down-sides to it too, like it takes too long to make a big city, and Sims complain tooooo much, but it's all good other then that. My favorite thing to do is save the city, then rip it down by disteasters. The good thing is you don't have to save it after you destory it. This game can be easy or hard, like if you want to make a big city, it takes time, and it's hard, but if you use codes like:I am weak, Call coison Vinnie, I love Red Tape, Power to the masses, Water in the desert, Garage in garage out, and nardz rool(actually spelling) it's eazy (...). Graphics, well it isn't that good on making small sims, but good on everything else, 9/10 Fun, a very fun game, isn't has fun as some games, but it's cool,7/10 Gameplay, well, if you like making cities, then it has long gameplay, 8.5/10 Sound, I really like the sound because it makes me think more,9.5/10 Overall, you would love this game, but it's fun isn't like some games 8.5/10 which is Great/Awesome and 4 stars for Sim City 3000!
700	1	great graphics, good gameplay. if you want a challenging game, get this one. its kinda hard, it'll keep you busy for a couple of weeks.
707	0	I personally like many types of fighting games and FUN is the thing that keeps me coming back for more.  A game can have pretty graphics sound great, and have all the bells and whistles in the world and still play like [...].  This game might not be as pretty as the Saturn version, but who wants a Saturn? One of the biggest flops since the future flop of Sony's [...]PS3.  A few frames missing and slowdown which I have not experienced personally are by no means reasons to dismiss a game that combines X-men with Streetfighter very well.  One more thing to mention about the price.  Not to insult anyones intelligence but simply supply and demand. It is discontinued, there are fewer and fewer copies available thus causing those on the open market to raise in value.
125	1	this game is the hardest game ive ever played, and that takes away the fun. also graphics very poor even for nintendo 64 cannot even recommend for people i dislike dont waste your time or money worst n64 game ever
16	1	Before I played this game, the only other Zelda game that I had ever played was Link to the Past, and I couldn't understand it that well.  I decided to play this because of the hype.  I was sure glad I did.  This is one of the best games ever!  It's full of adventure, it has a wonderful story, and it is challenging.  It begins with Link, a 10-year-old Kokiri (child of the forest) who is chosen to save Hyrule, his home world.  Along the way, you meet new friends, such as Princess Zelda, and grow into a 17-year-old adult to fight the evil Ganondorf!  You have many different weapons, spells, and items at your disposal, including swords, bows, and a giant hammer.  The fun never stops and the story never goes flat.  If you want a grand adventure, buy this game.  If you like this, play The Legend Of Zelda: Majora's Mask, but wait until you finish this game.
884	1	Hands-down the best N64 game.  Goldeneye is very similar to the movie, like the Siberian dam mission, the satellite control facility, etc.. The graphics are the best I've seen for the N64, except for Zelda 64 (the first one).  The auto-aim feature and 4-person multiplayer make the game perfect for the common area of a dorm room.
475	0	This game is one of my all time favorites, I give it a 10/10 in the RPG genre.  It is a turn based RPG, that is fun to play.  I own this game for the PSP and the now the PS1.  This game is a rare find in good condition.  If you find a better RPG than this, besides the final fantasy games of course, let me know!
631	1	Despite mixed emotions from reviewers all over, Mortal Kombat 4 is an awesome fighting game. Taking the once 2-D game into 3-D now adds alot of depth. The game moves just as smoothly and as fast as the past games so, those who still have the 'twitch' when it comes to fighting games, will feel right at home. I remember when I played this at the arcade at our local mall when it first came out. I went up against a 12 year old kid and got my tail kicked by him on it but I was tickled to just get to play it. I'm tickled it's out for the systems. Definitely worth checking out. Collect it if you can.
413	1	this is one of the best star wars / N64 games they have made i say if you have a N64 get this GAME!!! need i say more?
98	1	maybe I just am a mediocre gamer but this game is a challenge from hell.message me if you have beat this one.
974	1	This Final Fantasy 7 is one of the most influenced games of all time. The fan bases for this one game blows out all FF fan base out of the water. Never has any other FF game seen such an influenced with multiple related games/story characters found in different games. Multiple Movies. Toys, cards, etc based on this game.  Why was that all necessary for this one game?It's just that DAMN AWESOME! This game has everything! Story, characters, battle system, music, humor and more! If it didn't why else did this game influenced so many other things that followed it after? Because it was just damn awesome!You can play this game over and over before getting tried of it, but you will keep it in your hearts forever. The amazing game play, the amazing characters, and amazing graphics. (Back in those days.)They just can't make anything that even comes close to what they did back then. I wish they did, but they can't! It was just too well done! lol
395	0	Final Fantasy 7 is the best FF I have yet to play.  I have played 8 and 9 also, but 7 has the best music, battle system, and junctioning system of all of them (not to mention the greatest story-line in the history of everything!).  Besides a couple of translation errors, this game is perfect.  I was introduced to Final Fantasy 7, 3 years ago, and I still do not know many things about it. So if your looking for a long challenge ahead of you, but not a challenge so hard that it sucks the fun out of it, you should buy this game, and before they stop selling it.
498	1	Megaman legends is capcoms answer to bringing Megaman into the 3d realm on the original playstation. However this game is extremly diffrent then any other megaman game out there. In fact it has a lot in common with zelda: ocarina of time and a few rpg elements such as final fantasy while still somewhat feeling like a Megaman game. Coming from the NES and SNES Megamans I never thought I would ever compare zelda and megaman together but surprisingly it works well. Its not the greatest  game or even the greatest megaman game ever but it is really fun in its own way.Most people do not like the graphics in this game but i think there done really well. The only problem graghicly is due to the early psx hardware most 3d games looked blocky and pixely at the time and this on tries to smooth things out kinda cel shadish but not quite this leads to some blockeness but its still better then most 1998 and before graphics. Kinda a 3d playable anime style to it. The sound isn't to bad in this game. Voice acting can be really good or painfully bad andThe music is catchy maybe not as much as the nes megamans but still good. However there is moments without any music. Technically speaking I would say the game has aged well.The thing I find most memorable about this game is the gameplay. Like I mentioned earlier this game takes megaman into zelda like enviorments with a few rpgs elements. There is a open world which was decent in size for its time, which the game takes place in a small town. There are dungeons to explore which you do so in order to find upgrades to your equipment. Speaking of which you can purchase and find diffrent armor and weopens with diffrent specs (attack, fire rate, etc) in a rpg like menu. With that being said it still manages to feel like a megaman game. There is plenty of missions of which you are running and gunning while jumping on platforms. The bosses while set up like zelda can be taken down easier by weopens you find around in dungeons.As for the story it isn't to bad. It is a little childish but its still pretty good. The characters while the voice acting can be off at times can be good are very memorable. Tron Bonne makes her debut here as a villian who became popular enough to get her own game misadventures of tron bonne and a apperance in marvel vs. capcom 2 and appearing without megaman in the 3rd. There is also a N64 port of this game which isnt as good but if you dont have a psx its still playable plus a sequel. Anyway while the hardcore 8bit megaman players may be turned off by this i would still recomend getting this game
128	1	This is truely the best game for 64 becuase link is so cool. This is probabaly the best zelda game. Ganondorf is the man and you beat him in this game. If you havent played this game, i dont know but anyways in this one you could be big link and little link. Not like in majoros mask where you could only be little link. This game is way better than majoros mask. If you still have 64 (get a gamecube, so you can play windwaker)you need to get this great game.
143	1	Zelda 64 is defenetly one of my favorite games for the N64.  It has a fairly good story, it's interesting enough to make you want to know what happens next, and it has a gameplay that's unbeatable.  The combat system is very simple and great.  You have your z locking on system which makes killing enemies a piece of cake.  There is so much to do in this game that it's comaprable to a good RPG, something that N64 hasn't been blessed with yet.  The graphics are pretty good, especially since they don't use the expanssion pack, and the world is just huge.  One down side is that some puzzles in the caves can be pretty tough, and sometimes, you may feel lost and don't know what to do next. The bosses look very impressive and get more challenging as you progress through the game.  This game will defently take a couple months to beat, unless you play 24/7.  After you master the game, then it'll just take a couple of days, like any other normal, or great game.  Nintendo has defenetly done a great job with this one.  One thing I didn't like about it is that it has gotten eaiser than it's predicessors. I've started playing Zelda games since the SNES days.  Back then, it was Zelda: A Link to the Past.  The game was tough.  I'll admit it, it took me a year to beat that. That game was also HUGE.  But now, 3D has made things eaiser, which I like and don't like.  But another thing I don't like.  They keep on changing the whole story of Zelda. Those of you who played the SNES game will know what I'm talking about.  There, Link didn't live in a forest, and there wasn't a guardian fairy.  And the whole world changed too.  Well, maybe it's for the best, but I wouldn't mind if they made a remake of it, maybe for the GBA?.....
152	0	This is still a great game to own, especialy if you missed it, but the graphics are dated.  If you have a GameCube, find a way to get it on there, and be happy you did.
870	1	This is without a doubt one of the best games ever made - adventure or otherwise. It is fun, amusing, original, colorful, and challenging without being annoying. The only games that came close to it may be the Monkey Island series or The Last Express. The game is beautifully designed, with unforgettable characters, amazing landscapes, and reminds me of being inside a really well-written movie. Sadly, LucasArts stopped making games like this, a loss for the world.
210	1	Mario Kart 64 is an excellent game! I love the graphics, the creators at Nintendo 64 made them very specific. My favorite modes to play in are either Mario GP, because I love racing against the computer, or Battle, because you have to be alert and careful not to run into in obstacles like bananas or shells! I really like the &quot;ghost&quot; so you can see whether or not you beat your previous time with that course. My favorite course is Yoshi Valley because in many areas, there are no walls to keep you from falling, so it's a challenge, and I like the big squasher egg! The one thing that drives me crazy is the fact that the computer can manage to get in front of me while racing without me noticing or even knowing how they did it! Other than that, this is a great game with excellent graphics and fun for the whole family!! I hope you enjoyed my review!!
614	1	One of the best games of its time, and is still considered by many to be one of the best games ever made. I highly recommed this game.
308	1	I love this simulator it is a lot of fun controlling ships and boats. I only wish the color was better, because all the water is usually grey. But, other than that you will have a great time if you love ships.
455	1	Back in the late 1990s I wrote two articles for a now defunct game website about "Ocarina of Time". One is a review of the title, and the other is the how in many ways Ocarina of Time feels like a remake of the eternal SNES classic (and my personal favorite Zelda game), THE LEGEND OF ZELDA: A LINK TO THE PAST. Rather than leave them unposted, I issued them on Amazon back in 2007, one article on the "Collector's Edition" ("Zelda 64 a Remake?" and and one on the "Regular" edition (an actual review of the game). When the 3DS version came out, I wrote a review of that and included both articles on the review as well for bonus content. Originally this review only featured one of the two articles - I am now putting both articles up.Mike London, 9-9-2012-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------This commentary on "Ocarina of Time" was written as a gaming article for a retro-gaming site back in May of 1999.  I was going to post it on Amazon but for some reason never got around to it.  Mike London, November 3, 2007Article 1: Does "Zelda 64" really live up to all the hype?[Blurb: With all the hype, its hard to be objective about OoT.  Is it the best game in the series, or does it have to settle for second (or, egad, third?) best?  Is it like Star Wars Episode I, all special effects and no substance?  Find out a few thoughts from a fellow gamer!]The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is easily one of the most hyped games of recent gaming history.  In fact, I think I could safely say it IS the most hyped game yet.  There is only one thing that can compare to it in terms of hype, and this product is in an entirely different industry.  Star Wars: Episode I had the same amount of coverage.  Being a big fan of both, of course I've beat the game and have seen the movie.  And they have one thing in common.  They're both eye candy.  But how do they hold up to the rest of the series?  In my opinion, The Empire Strikes Back is by far the best Star Wars movie.  But what about OoT you ask?  How can I defame such an instant classic?One reason mainly.  In the original and in The Legend of Zelda: Link to the Past, (I can't speak for Zelda II because I haven't beat it yet) the ending was spectacular.  Not the game ending, for The Legend of Zelda was produced in the Stone Age and there was much ending wise, but the last dungeon.  Ah, the last dungeon.  Only recently (like December 23, 1999) have I beat the first quest of The Legend of Zelda.  That last dungeon on Death Mountain was a killer, a true challenge that you had to match your mettle with to get past it, save Princess Zelda and beat that nasty ol' Gannon.  It was truly a great dungeon.  Now skip on past those five years between the release of the original and the SNES version.  What have we here?  A dungeon comparable to that in the original Legend of Zelda!  Everything is bigger and better in the SNES version, including the last dungeon.  Whew, and I thought the original was harder, but no way!Then, in 1993, we see the release of the Game Boy version of Zelda.  The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening was released to a very receptive crowd.  But guess what!  No end dungeon!  In terms of dungeons, this is the smallest of the Zelda titles (again, not including Zelda II).  You beat eight dungeons, and then you go and beat the Wind Fish.  Personally, I'm half a dungeon away from completing this Zelda game (Dungeon Seven, which I completed half of, went and beat eight, and now I'm back on the last half of VII).  That last dungeon was challenging, granted, but what about that classic end dungeon?  No where to be found here.  Granted, it's a Game Boy game, and it is huge for that consol.  So that offence is not to serious.  And we did get a new dungeon, though not the ending I was hoping for, with the Colour Dungeon on DX, which was the rerelease of the classic game for Game Boy Colour.After five long years, The Legend of Zelda: Orcarina of Time was released for the N64.  So cool!  Link in a 3D adventure.  About time too.  Mario, the cash cow counterpart to Link, got his 3D adventure way back in `96.  Of course, I bought the game.  And of course, I beat it.  It is an excellent game.  Truly it is one of the great classics.  But one flaw keeps it from edging out The Legend of Zelda: Link to the Past.  The end dungeon absolutely sucked.  That is my only disappointment with that game.  As I was nigh the close of the Shadow Temple, I was really looking forward to getting into Gannon's tower.  I was expecting a great closer dungeon, just like in Link to the Past.[Spoiler: If you haven't beat the 64 version of Zelda, don't read this]What did we get?  Instead of a great closer dungeon, we got a door way that was blocked by barriers.  What did we have to do?  Go thru six rooms and beat whatever was in them, then go and shoot the barrier corresponding with each temple to open the pathway.  And what did I get?  A great disappointment.  Sure, this might have been a good way to end a novel or something, but to end a Zelda game like that was horrible.  The Game Boy was forgivable and acceptable, but this ending to Zelda 64 was truly despicable.  That has been my biggest disappointment with the Zelda series.[Spoiler Finished]Others say The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is the best Zelda game.  I have to disagree.  Don't get me wrong.  It is easily one of my favorite games of the N64.  It's a great game, very innovative (espically that nifty Z Targeting feature) and an epic in its own right.  But for what the system is capable of, The Legend of Zelda: Link to the Past beats it out of the coveted title of Best Zelda Game.  LTTP is huge.  It fully utilized the SNES technology.  It had a full twelve dungeons, two of which the sole purpose was to beat the bad guy, and not try to retrieve any medallions or crystals or pendents or pieces of triforce or what ever.  That's one more than the original has.  (LoZ has one closer dungeon for each quest.)  After you beat the bad guy twice, you go and fight Ganon.  There were plenty of side quests for an SNES Zelda also.  Overall, for the system's capabilites, LTTP is my favorite.But what about The Legend of Zelda: OoT?  My two chief complaints are these:1.  Weak closer dungeon (as I spent a good time detailing up above).2.  Not enough bad guys to kill in the Overworld.All other Zelda games, including the black sheep of the family (Zelda II), has plenty of bad guys to kill in the Overworld.  But what have we in OoT?  A few measly skeleton dudes at night, and some giant flying plants that you can hardly get too in Hyrule Field.  Give me the old Zelda with bad guys streaming at you in every new screen.  For all the time they put into it, you don't think it would be to hard to correct this problem.Then we come to another mistake Nintendo made in the N64 version of Zelda.  Granted, LoZ had two main tracks, one being the Overworld theme and then the dungeon theme.  They could have had more variety, but it was back in the Stone Age.  That Overworld Theme became pretty much the theme of the entire series.  And guess what they decided to omit music wise from OoT?  The Overworld them from the original LoZ!  I couldn't believe they did that!  Hopefully we'll see it in Zelda Gaiden.  Maybe the Triforce will show up in that game too.  Just a thought.Now, after railing on OoT for a great majority of this article, you may think I hate the game.  Quite the opposite, really.  It's a great game, and worthy to be in the Zelda Series.  (Gee, it sounds like I'm defending Zelda II, which I've already done in a separate article).  But it has been the single most hyped up game in the history of Nintendo, and it is totally out of balance.  Great 3D game, but would have been better had it corrected the problems I stated above.  It's a fun game, and I had a great time beating it.  It provides a lot of enjoyment.  But, just like Star Wars: Episode I, it just can't live up to all that hype?  I wonder if any game (or movie) could actually.[May 9, 1999.  An article originally written for NintendoLand.com.  I've written four released articles and one unreleased article (dealing with SMB 2).  It will have to be edited.  Also, perhaps incorporating part of the structural symmetry article.].....--------------------------------------------------------------------------Article 2:[Originally this was written for a retro-gaming site back in early January, 2000. It has never appeared on Amazon.]Zelda 64 a Remake?[Blurb: Zelda 64 and SNES Zelda has several similarities, almost to the point that the basic game design of Zelda 64 is a remake. Read here for more information on this intriguing phenomena! Just a few thoughts from a fellow gamer!]After playing the course of The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time, I've noticed something very intriguing about it. It seems to be a rehash of what I feel is the best Zelda game: LoZ: Link to the Past. Why do I say this? I say this because there are several structural symmetries that lie between Zelda 64 and LTTP.Lets examine it. For one, there are three pendants you have to acquire in LTTP. This is after you go and rescue Zelda and leave her at the temple. Well, this time around, you don't rescue Zelda, but you do go and talk to her. After that, when you get the three pendants, you go and she is kidnaped. This is after you get the Master Sword in the Lost Woods. In Zelda 64, you go thru the first part of the quest, getting three spiritual stones. After you get those three spiritual stones (which I think the tower on LTTP is much better than that d----- Lord Jabu Jabu's belly. I hated that dungeon! =)), you go to the town. Guess what, as Link approaches, there it cuts to a cinema, and Zelda is kidnaped by Ganondorf. Hmm . . . haven't we seen this story before? It turns out that you have to get 5 of the Sage's medallions. Rauru conveniently gives you one, so we can cut the sixth one away. Only by getting the six sage medallions can you open the bridge to fight Ganondorf. How intriguing.In the superiour SNES Zelda counterpart, it is seven crystals, and you don't get one given to you. Link wakes no sages this time. Instead, the seven maidens of the wise men descent have been hidden in deep dank dungeons, and Link has to transverse thru 13 dungeons all together, 5 the first part, and eight the second part. They are challenging, fun, and intriguing. Granted, Zelda 64 has some great stuff. But it is not as consistent as LTTP. After you have gone thru the seven dungeons (two more than in Zelda 64), you now have all seven crystals. That's great! Now, go to Death Mountain, and by doing so you will open the way to Ganon's big bad temple.Okay, what do we have in Zelda 64? You go and get the five medallions, plus the one that Rauru gives you as Link. Guess what? Now you have to go to his tower, and open the rainbow bridge with the six medallions.* Hmm . . . isn't that what we did in SNES Zelda? Why, I do believe it is, Watson!Another issue yet addressed is the Light World/Dark World. Zelda 64 does the same thing, save this time it is time traveling (I'm not even going to go into the impossibilities of time travel on this . . . that's a whole separate article in itself). In SNES Zelda, you have a little mirror the old man gave you. There are eight transporters located thruout Hyrule, transporting back and forth. If you are in the Dark World, you can use the mirror to go into the Light World, making a temporary transporter. Well, in Zelda 64, there is no mirror or transporters (the closest to a mirror is the Lens of Truth, found nigh in the Shadow Temple). But if you go and put the sword back, then you go back to being young. That creates two versions of the same world to explore. That structural symmetry corresponds to LTTP. Not only that, but at the end if the first three stones, Link goes to the Temple of Time and gets the sword. This is after the three Spiritual Stones goes into place. Hmm . . . isn't that what happened in LTTP? After getting the three pendents, Link goes to the Lost Woods and retrieves the Master Sword. But he cannot do that until he has all three pendents. Well, that's the same in Zelda 64. He can't get the Ocarina of Time, now can he retrieve the sword, until he wins the corresponding three spiritual stones. I swear I've played this game before . . . . ; )The real question is why did Nintendo do this? Well, Miyamoto is a great gamming god, but as far as stories go, his team is not that good at having connecting story lines that make sense. Again, another article, another time. The structural symmetries lying between Zelda 64 and LTTP is quite frightening. Who knows why they chose to do that? Granted, the story line is different, but quite a few of the fundamentals behind both pieces are indeed the same. In review:A Listing of Structural Symmetries between SNES Zelda and Zelda 641. SNES: First Part, Link goes and retrieves three pendants after rescuing Zelda. This is to get the Master Sword. Upon doing so, and after giving the Pendants up to retrieve the Sword, Zelda is kidnaped.2. N64: Link, after receiving a mission from the Deku Tree, goes and wins the three Spiritual Stones. Upon doing so, he goes to Hyrule City, but not before learning Zelda is kidnaped. He places the three Spiritual Stones in their place, and the Door of Time is opened, and there the sword is. Retrieving the Sword, goes to the Temple of Sages, or whatever it is called. Is given first Sage Medallion.3. SNES: After winning the three pendents, Link must now go between two versions of the world (Light World/Dark World). Link must go back and forth between the two worlds to beat the game.4. N64: In this great stunning adventure, Link must go between two versions of his world. One is when he is young, the other when he is an adult. This is achieved by putting the sword back in its pedestal. Just like in SNES LTTP, Link have to go back and forth to finish the game.When he is an adult, things are noticeable more evil, for Ganon's power has grown.5. SNES: One version (Light World) is good because not corrupted by Ganon. Version II (Dark World), is an evil corrupted version of the Light World.6. N64: One version (Young Link's world) is not corrupted by Ganon's evil. Ganon has just recently showed up. Version II (Adult Link's world), is an evil corrupted version (albeit older) of Young Link's world. The only difference is in one its two different versions of the same thing, in Zelda 64 it's the time barrier. But for game play, they're the same.7. SNES: He, Link, must recover seven crystals hidden in seven dungeons (sounds logical). With the maidens' power, they will open to door to Ganon's castle.8. N64: Link has to recover five medallions to open Ganon's Tower.9. SNES: The (massive) closer dungeon is a tower.10. N64: The (weak) closer dungeon is a tower.11. SNES: After beating Ganon, you save Zelda, who had been kidnaped. Although one could argue you save her in Turtle Rock, she is still imprisoned in the Crystal with the other maidens, each in their respective Crystals.12. N64: Sticking to the standard Nintendo story, after recovering the medallions and beating Ganon, guess what, Link saves Zelda. There's a shocker.13. SNES: There are various mini-games, heart pieces, and extra things to do. This trend is continued in Link's Awakening also.14. Zelda 64: Stuck with the trend of mini-games, four heart pieces to make a heart, and extra things to do.15. SNES: In some of the houses, you can find a picture of Mario on the wall.16. N64: In Zelda 64, after meeting Zelda, look out the window, and you can find some pictures of Mario, Luigi, Bowser, and the Princess. Yoshi also comes up. Malon and Talon wear Bowser amulets also. Just goes to show, Nintendo likes cameos.As you can see for yourself, the various structural symmetries between Zelda 64 and SNES Zelda is quit a few. If Miyamoto wanted to do a remake of LTTP for N64 that's what he should have done, I suppose. This, as far as story goes, is pretty much an update with little changed. Its like they took the game's basic plot, changed the circumstances and added where appropriate, but allowing the basic structure to stand. And, although both are great games, sadly, SNES is better, consistently with each dungeon getting a little harder and more complex. But I love Ocarina of Time all the same. This just helps support my believe that Nintendo is first and foremost a gaming company, not a writing company.*In all previous Zelda games, the end dungeon was in the mountains. This is the first game in the series to break that trend. The first three (Zelda I, II, and LTTP) their dungeon was in Death Mountain. Link's Awakening, Link's only Game Boy adventure (currently) is in Tal Tal Mountains. At least we have something that broke one of the several trends running thru this classic series.
62	1	Ocarina was almost beyond word. But this is a cruising, powerful, and fun rival! The worst thing about it is the seemingly endless confusing ocean. I do not look forward to trying to finger out witch Island I have to go to in which order (as I think there is an order). But I ignore all that for now and just enjoy the wonderful game. cruising blue waters, mystery, dungeons... And I still enjoy exploring the Islands.
109	1	This is a pretty fun game. if you like hardcore killing games then this is for you. this game rocks
528	1	I remember playing multiplayer tournaments on this when I was younger and still play against my son when I can.
319	1	simply the best.  great story, great graphics, great control, great replay value.  it is true, n64 wasnt that great of a system, with pretty horrible games.  i bought it back in 98 and up until i got my ps2 i only bought a few games for it,  Zelda: ocarina, Zelda: Majora, Goldeneye, Perfect Dark, and DK64.  There may be other good games but this game is by far the best, not just on n64  but possibly out of all video games ever.  trust me people, if i say it is good, it is good.  I dont give out good reviews very easily.
496	1	Lara's back in the third installment of the "Tomb Raider" series. This time, it's better than ever! You can explore massive 3D levels in such locations as:India:1. Jungle2. Temple Ruins3. River Ganges4. Caves Of KayliaSouth Pacific Islands:5. Coastal Village6. Crash Site7. Mudabu Gorge8. Temple Of PunuLondon:9. Thames Warf10. Aldwych11. Lud's Gate12. CityNevada:13. Neveda Desert14. High Security Compound15. Area 1Antartica:16. Antartica17. RX-Tech Mines18. Lost City Of Tiken19. Meteorite CavernBonus Level In London: All HallowsLara kicks butt on her quest for the four artifacts as she battles enemy's like:Tony (India Boss)King Punu (South Pacific Island Boss)Miss Safai Lee (London Boss)Lara's Employer (Antartica Boss)Awesome gameplay and graphics, includes weapons such as:PistolsUzisShotgunMp5 Machine GunGrenade LauncherRocket LauncherHarpoon GunDesert Eagle ShotgunEven check out a cool feature where Lara can practice moves in her own estate!Tomb Raider 3 is unargueably the best Tomb Raider yet, keep an eye out for the newest Tomb Raider "Tomb Raider: Angel Of Darkness" for Playstation2 and PC.Here are the Tomb Raider series in a list of my favorites:1. Tomb Raider 32. Tomb Raider 4: Last Revelations3. Tomb Raider 5: Chronicles4. Tomb Raider 25. Tomb RaiderThanks for reading!!
826	1	I've had a great time with this one, you can pick from 3 alternative but well balanced ships, play with a comfortable control scheme, rake high scores and combos, use powerful special weapons, collect and preserve power-ups by staying alive, deflect shots by doing rolls and are complimented with a remarkable, engaging soundtrack. The power-ups are what make this game stand out because the ships seem to upgrade almost endlessly until you're firing more powerful and voluminous attacks.I mentioned the controls before: between the D-pad, rolling with the right-shoulder button, firing special attacks with the left-shoulder and B buttons and keeping hold on the A button and firing strategically to maintain a shot combo, it's fun and easy to use. That being said, the missions in Vanishing Earth aren't easy by any means because you need to avoid hitting ships as well as being fired on and the bosses are particularly adept at relentlessly firing at you.However, players are offered consolation in that they can continue from the beginning of the mission after losing and can store a password if they'd like (personally, I enjoy staring over from the beginning so I can keep all the power-ups I earn). And even if you don't want to play the whole game, there's a fast 2 or 5 minute arcade-style mode where you earn as high a score as you can destroying enemy vessels with maximum power upgrade from the start.I had a lot of fun switching off with a friend but it's good for single player as well. Not as flawless as Super Star Soldier and I mean that particularly with regard to the visuals of the area you fly over not being as outstanding but overall it still looks good enough not to harm the fun; Vanishing Earth is also much easier to collect for than its TurboGrafx counterpart. If you can get the cartridge around 15 - 20 dollars, I say go for it because there's hours of enjoyable content that will leave you coming back for more.
167	1	GoldenEye 007 is not only the best movie tie-in game of all time, but it is perhaps the most influential first-person shooter ever to hit the gaming-console market.  If you aren't aware of the plot of this game that's not a problem, because essential it is the same as the popular James Bond movie, GoldenEye, which was released in 1995- two years prior to this game's release.This is a game that is filled with techniques and styles that would be mimicked in many future games to come, and it gives the player a wide variety of objectives, and difficult challenges.  The A.I. is smart (especially on higher difficulty settings) and the environments are complex enough to provide entertainment, as well as difficulty to any gamer.The introduction of logical hit-points on your enemies is a great feature.  Even bosses in this game can be taken down with a well-aimed shot to the head.  It is this type of realism that really makes you feel like your James Bond and that you can sneak in, sneak out, covertly taking out henchmen as you go, or springing alarms and having to go through massive shootouts.  Because of this there are many ways to beat the game, and limitless possibilities for how you accomplish your tasks.  AKA: You can take easy ways or hard ways of beating levels...and if you don't have a strategy guide you'll have to find out those paths by yourself (which, I might add, is incredibly fun if you want to waste a day away).This is one of those games that the more you play it the more you're able to value its contributions to the gaming industry.  Each time I play it I notice aspects that have been replicated in many following FPS games.  So if you have a Nintendo 64 go ahead and dust that sucker and order a used copy of GoldenEye 007, because trust me, as a Bond fan, and a casual gamer I can say that this game is highly recommended for all those who want to step into the shoes of James Bond, or just have an awesome, intense gaming experience.(Also make sure to look out for its sister game, Perfect Dark, which is also on the N64, following the same controls, and very similar weapon uses.)
378	1	I only gave this game 2 stars because if you're die-hard South Park fan, it's possible that you might enjoy this game... but I like South Park, and I HATED it. The controls are IMPOSSIBLE to use (you have to use the C buttons most of the time), the gameplay is repetitive and boring (all you do is walk around throwing snowballs at turkeys), and the multiplayer part is boring too. One pro is that the guns are pretty original &amp; the South Park kids say some funny things, but the novelty wears off after a while. I bought this game when it first came out, for ..., and I sold it for $5 at a stoop sale... I just wanted to get rid of it, it's really that bad. If you really have to get it, at least rent it first.
423	0	Words really can describe how wonderful this game is. The first thing you will notice is the incredible graphics (note: a 3D card is not required!.) Everything is drawn in great detail right down to character traits and facial expressions (who would have thought a fleshless person would be so good with expressions.) The story is also very entertaining and added with the graphics, it makes this a very absorbing adventure. This is one of the few games that I can't say anything negative about. This is a must have!
908	0	In my humble oppinion this game is better the Quake II. The graphics is better, and the sound is so much better. If you have a Sound Blaster Live! card, then get this game, because it was designed to run on this card.
196	1	Sim City 3000 is really cool!  You start off by making a Power Plant(I prefer Fusion or Microvave),laying power lines,zoning Residentail,Commercail,and Industrial areas,disposing of garbage,Making Roads and/or a Mass Transit System,Make Water Structures and pipelines,and Take care of Civic needs.  Later in the game you might want to enact some ordinances(rules/laws),Make business deals with neighbors and organizations,set a budget(earlier on the computer does it for you),build rewards which most of them can only be optained thru Business Deals( ones optained without deal:county courthouse,Mayoral Mansion also know as you're house,city hall,performing of arts center,and Monument/statue. ones optained thru deal:Gigamall,Amusement Park,Space Port,Defense Contractor,Country Golf Club,etc.).  Plus you can add Landmarks to you're City.  This is a Great game,but for Sim City 2000 fans that want a totaly different game get the Unlimited Version(also known as Sim City 3000 Unlimited).
925	0	When I looked for the game I was looking for this for a tear Play Station 3. The view on this game I liked. When I received it was not discovered for version 3, but 2.I am very upset
949	1	Sim city 3000 is great for people looking for a game that is fun, pulls you in, mildly addictive, and not too complex, the unlimited version only offers more building sets and other things that some people would pay for, but nothing relavent.From 1 to 1oo, this game would get a 40, why? Becuase it just isn' that good of a game, I'm an expert ing gaming and pcs and have been in the business since windows 95. But this game is made for the average "dumb american", that is why it is so simple, and lacks any depth. This game is perfect for teenagers, soccer moms, and stud people, but anybody who likes a good challenging game shouldn't even look in it's direction.These are the good things about the game....1. It has playability value but not much, from 1 to 10 maybe a 3, becuase once you master it( spoiler, it takes about a hundred years to get a size million in a city) you just don't give a damn about playing it again.2. System requirements are low, and it runs on the most ancient pc that is feasible.3. It's easy to learn to play, and inexpensive, and the graphics are pretty good for those who care unless you get to close( highest zoom).4. You can voyage out of reality and build a city of imagination.Now these are the concerns about the game.1. The game has very little realistic qualities about it, it is not in check with the real word, even the information bar suggest it was mad for kids.2. There is no names for streets, no district and area setting, and no combining indidvidual parks to make one small, medium or large park( Different small or large parks placed to getting but functioning different ans seperate is not realistic).3. There are not as many tax forms as they are in the real world, and the maps are either way too small or only show the central part of the city, which is also unrealistc, since all large cities have metros.4. The max loan size is way too small, and the interest is a bit extreme.5. The airports don't generate as much income as they should.6. There are not nearly enough mass transit options in the game, and the availabe ones are very unrealistic. The train option is just horrific, and the subway us expensive and not very fun to build,( they were probably thinking that the game is about cit building, but transportation is a huge part of any city over 300,000) the highways are basicly useless and very expensive and difficult to build, and there are no underground building and other types of roads and highways, and no street lights and signs.7. It is just about impossible to get a city size of over 4 million even on the larget plot availabe, and even when thinking this is just the central part of a city and the metro is not shown on map is still not feasible, since the large us cities have far more than 5million people in there central part.8. The game crashes and is racked with bugs.all in all you see why this game gets a 40, if less, this game is not just that great, hopefully they will fix atleast 60 percent of these major flaws(anything less is unacceptable) in the next simcity, and as for simcity 4, lets not just go there,and there will not be a five, ( I believe maxis is not in operation anymore and has just not announced it), but the city simulation industry is still wide open and the demand is high.
655	1	Evil has once again awakened in the dark prince's palace.With alot of bad guys and 10 hard to beat levels,and don't forget our stars of the game,a brave,kicking butt little girl,Carrie.And a brave young whipping man,Reinhardt.This game will keep you on your tippy toes.You explore an old huge house,Dracula's castle,the forest,and even places you would only see in your nightmares.This game is for 11 and up due to strong bloody violence.Great music and setting.This is a game you can sink your teeth into!
871	1	I am a major player of 007 games. I have played nearly every single one, but I have to say, GoldenEye is one of the best that there is, even years and platforms later. Even though I have a GameCube with all of the other 007 games, I still to this day find myself returning to play a round of Goldeneye.GoldenEye has a great plotline (in my opinion, even better than the movie) and long missions, which allow a lot of replay value. The graphics are a bit blurry, but that is to be expected in an N64 FPS.Overall, I love this game, and would reccomend it to any 007 fan.
782	1	I had purchased quite a few games trying to find the one I remember. This game is fun and has a good roster of  characters. The moves are simple and the game is fun hours on end. A good way to relax after a tiring day.
540	0	Throughout the years there have been dozens of Street Fighter ripoffs including Fighting Force. This is basically the same as all the others, but it does have some surprisingly decent graphics for a PS1 game.
653	1	Unfortunately this game is just a hodge-podge of elements from the other games.  There are some interesting new units, and I did enjoy the much larger maps.  My biggest complaint is that it is so short.  You are just getting to use some of the more advanced units and the game is over.  You never get the big final battle like at the end of the last two incarnations.  This is by far the shortest game of the bunch.  I finished each side's campaign over the course of three nights, about 9-12 hours of game play.
52	1	Rogue squadon is somewhat fun to play but the majority of the missions are hard to beat. the 3D enviroment is cool looking and on some levels there are places you can see that are straight out of the movie such as Jabba the hutt's palace on Tattoine.The main problem i have with this game is on the Hoth and Deathstar mission.(use password DEADDACK to get to them)on the Hoth mission you wrap a cord around Imperial walkers to trip them which is tricky to do. As for the Deathstar mission, the scenery is wrong. In the movie Luke fires at the exhaust port at the end of the trench, in the game the target is on the ground. But that's not what bothers me most though, After you hit your target it just says "Mission Complete" They should've had a cinematic sequence where the Deathstar blows up. That doesn't happen in the game which leaves you feeling angry and unsatisfied.
322	1	Fans of any oldschool dungeon crawler should snap this game up. In a similar style to other games of the time, you assume the roll of a monster hunter with a mission to climb a mysterious tower following in your father's footsteps.Some may say the graphics are dated. I feel that they are nostalgic. With randomly-generated dungeons, spelunking is always a grand adventure. A must-have for any RPG lover!
131	0	I dunno... I loved the concept, but the control kills it.  I dont like having to push a gas button to walk!  Thankfully they fixed this in GTA 3 &amp; 4.  Those games are incredible.  Buy those asap!!I am giving the game 3 stars for having to cojones to bring this kind of gaming to the world.
955	1	Not a whole lot to say except that as far as adventure games go, this is  the standard that all others should try to exceed.Outstanding voice  acting and scripting. Hilarious game without making fun of itself. Tough  but logical puzzles that will have you scratching your head. Beautiful and  ORIGINAL storyline, movie material right here.This is what adventure  gaming was fated for.
269	1	I'm not a fan of FPS's by far. They're one of my least favorite genres. But this game is just excellent, one of the best licensed games I've had the joy of seeing.Unless you own a controller pak you can't save the game, and the controls can be hard to understand at first but it's an excellent game.
734	1	I bought the original when it first came out in 1998. In late 2004 Valve rereleased Half-Life with the update source engine used in Half-life 2. There is no new content though. I decided to play source to coincide with the 10th anniversary of this amazing game. Source just has more realistic water, a better physics engine, ragdolls, some better lighting effects, cleaner mapping and new 3D skybox. I am happy I have played source but the differences between this and the original may not be enough to justify the costs. The differences are not really noticeable. So if you want to play Half-Life just know that there are two versions of the game out there. Half-Life standard and Half-Life: Source.Now, to the story so far... In the Beginning... There was nothing new much in the Half-Life game engine which was essentially just a modern hack of the Quake game engine, so how could a game that based itself on software that others developed succeed in becoming the biggest selling game of all time? When Half-Life first came out it did a couple of things right that most other first person shooters failed to do... (1)Story, (2)Story and (3)Story. Valve created Half-Life in a period of our lives when Area 51 was a hot topic among UFO buffs and the X-Files was to become mainstream family television viewing. Alien based entertainment media was a craze in the mid and late 1990's, unprecedented since the 1950s. Smack in the middle of what could be considered the most influential era for UFO enthusiasts came HALF-LIFE where YOU get to play as Gordon Freeman, a physics researcher who witnesses a freak accident in an Area 51 type facility. All hell breaks loose and YOU have to survive. No cut scenes. No initial story. No explanation. You where just there and you had to escape. Cue interactive characters that could follow you around and say a few things, maps rich in objects that you could break eventually leading up to rapid action shootouts with monsters and marines.Playing HL again was simply reliving that experience all over. Yes games have improved but this offering still destroys a lot of the competition. Valve just did it right and there is no reason not to want to load this up and give it a whirl again. Let's face it, this is gaming history. Half-life changed the FPS scene in ways other games have since tried but failed. Has there ever been a revolution in FPS quite like Half-life? Some may have come close but not nearly as far. That is how important this game is.
279	1	This is the best shoot em up on the N64. I was very impressed with the game play, the graphics, the action, the multi player fun, everything.... the only downfall about the game is I wanted more, more, more. The cheats are great when you unlock them and the best thing is you dont need a memory card, everything saves on the cartridge. RARE actualy managed to compress a game that was too big for the N64 into this game somehow, and it suprises me that it does not even use the N64 Expansion pack to do that!!! This game is not just hoursand hours of fun, but days, weeks, years . i still play this cool game even today!
613	0	This game is excellent....this game has state of the art graphics for its time....and it still looks perfect now in 2008...you must own this.
477	1	This is, by far, undeniably the racing game to have.A game with over 20 cars to choose from? UNHEARD OF at the time- this game's got over 150, folks.A game with true-to-life car physics, sounds, and handling? GET REAL, right? Nope, all here.A game with so much customization, import tuner companies piss their pants? It's ALL here.Gran Turismo is the original racing simulator that started it all.You start off with a measly 10,000 bucks. That all but gets you a clunker of a car, which, after beating a bunch of driver's ed tests, you can use to sneak your way through a few races....winning a bit of cash and some cars you can either sell or save to tune later....until you can finally buy your dream car (which for me was the Acura NSX Type S-Zero the first time I played through it)Let me just stress how perfect this game is....Sure, your first time through it, you'll take a hairpin turn at Grand Valley way too fast, spin out of control, scream, yell, and curse at the TV, maybe throw and break your controller as you finish in last place....but over time, you'll feel so much utter control of your car, that any shimmy or shake the car makes while cornering or countersteering or powersliding, you'll know exactly how to correct it. No two cars in the game handle the same. You have your FF, FR, MR, and 4WD drivetrains.Simply, you have it all here.The graphics in the game push the Playstation to the limit....this, GT2, and R4: Ridge Racer Type 4 are by far the best-looking racing games on the original Playstation.There are hordes of races to race, and multiple cars to win, so the replay value is through the roof.My absolute FAVORITE part about the game is fine-tuning the gear ratios of a fully-tuned, supercharged turbo monster of a car, and trying to get every last ounce of power out of it for a top speed at the Test Track. I've literally spent days at a time fiddling with the gear ratios on a car, knowing that someway, somehow, I'd be able to squeeze another 2 or 3 MPH out of it. Not only that....adjusting the car's ride height affects top speed and acceleration, too....My personal best was achieving 274 MPH with the Mitsubishi GTO Twin Turbo MR....It took me at least 8 hours to get it from its standard 252 MPH top speed it gets with all of the top performance parts, and no fiddling with gear ratios or anything....The one, and ONLY downside to the game is that you only get $12,000 for any car you sell that you won from a tournament. Even a car that you KNOW should rake in WAY more than just 12K....like say for instance, the TVR Cerbera LM.Other than that, this game is absolute perfection, 10 out of 10....
197	1	With the amount of interference I kept getting with the wireless controllers, I was stuck far too close to the TV to enjoy many of the visual aspects of the classics. This cable extension cord made playing some of my old Gamecube games just as fun as the day it came out. A big must have if you can't get the wireless format to work properly.
179	1	Good game overall. Its fun and easy but rewarding. The voice overs are so cheesy that its actually funny and enjoyable to listen too. If you have not played this game yet and you enjoy mega man get this game.
327	0	If you have an N64 you absolutely should have this game. It's a remake of the classic Zelda game from the good old NES and SNES systems with some added twists, new terrain and interesting characters.If you have a GameCube I would recommend you pre-order The upcoming title &quot;The Wind Waker&quot; and if you do this right now Nintendo is offering a special deal where you can get a special release of &quot;Ocarina of Time&quot; for Game Cube. Not just the good old &quot;Ocarina of Time,&quot; made famous on N64, but also an enhanced version called &quot;Master Quest.&quot; Make sure to put both into your shopping cart and enter the correct code while checking out to capitalize on this great value.Happy Hunting.
202	1	This is one of my favorite FPS's of all time. It stands right alongside Halo, and Battlefield 1942. The single player missions are done wonderfully, the enviroments are great, and the multiplayer is the best I have ever played.BUY THIS!
641	1	This is a nice little arcade game with good graphics and some good chatter. It's fun to play with after spending time with DCS Blackshark.  It's a good shootem up. enjoyable!
402	1	Let me just say that i think mario 64 is a okay game as far as gameplay and graphics goes but, every level get's harder and harder it's so hard it would take you months to beat it and by the time you do you would be white as a sheet from staying inside all the time and 50% of your muscles would atrophy. also the ending really sucks it ends by princess toadstool saying let's make a cake for mario then it's over so don't waste your time with this game.
961	1	I bought Mario Kart 64 for my nephew for his birthday. I played Mario Kart 64 when I was a little and I loved it. My nephew already has Mario Kart DS and he loves it. I figure that he will love this game too. Mario Kart 64 has many different levels in which you can race other Mario characters such as Luigi, Wario, Donkey Kong, Bowser and many others. I would recommend this game to anyone who likes any of the newer Mario Kart games.
292	0	I use to play this AGES ago and use to be pretty good. I started playing it again and I now found that the controls (at least for me) don't seem very forgiving. In order to do tricks you have to place the toggle in the exact correct place (at least pretty spot on). You also have to land in a specific position or else you crash (too many crashes makes it so you can't finish the race). The half-pipe mode is pretty decent though and can range from super easy to insanely hard. Overall a not so bad game for that time.
758	1	In this world, nothing is as it seems.  No one is who they say they are, and surprises lurk around every corner.  This is a wonderful game, with a rich story, great side quests, and great animation.  The evil Shin-Ra corporation has been mining Mako, an energy source that is the lifeforce of the Earth itself.  Avalanche is an underground resistance group headed by Barret, a man who's arm was lost in an explosion at a Mako refinery.  Cloud is a mercenary who used to work for SOLDIER, Shin-Ra's private army.  Sephiroth is a great warrior for SOLDIER, who has been lost for many years.  Now, Cloud is working with Avalanche, and Sephiroth has resurfaced, but he is now an insane, powerhungry man with a desire to use Black Materia to summon a meteor to destroy the world.  Materia are energy sources used in weapons to add skills to the user.  This game has a great story and a great battle engine, where you can customize 9 different characters with different materia.  This is a long game, but it is legendary.
649	0	I grew up playing Super Mario 64. If you are considering buying this game, don't hestitate or think twice. This game is really fun. It can keep you entertained for hours. The graphics are simply stunning even by today's standards, considering the age of this game. It is a CLASSIC, MUST HAVE for any N64 players, Mario fans or video game fanatics.
453	0	I was only 5 years old my first time playing this game back in Christmas of 1997. I was never able to get past the first couple levels then. But I always loved this game. It was magic back then. The graphics were also great THEN. Second time around, I was 12 and it was 2004. I was able to finally finish the entire game and find all the secrets to. Now in 2012, I had the urge to replay this game again. To get those feeling of being so young. I'm 19, and the magic is completely gone, and for ONE REASON.BE WARNED...... if you have a full HD TV and have a PS3, and bought a physical copy of this game......the playback visuals of this game will be absolutely HORRIBLE! It completely hinders your ability to even play through the game because EVERYTHING is so pixelated if you will. Like I NEVER remembered this game looking so bad before, but I have to assume it had always looked this way but I was in a different era of technology then. HD TVs are completely unforgiving to these types of games. I'm not sure if the the digital copy available on the PSN is any better, but the actual physical copy is not meant for a HD display even in it respective aspect ratio. Maybe just playing this game on standard definition TV might help, but I haven't tried that either. I will just have to remember the game like when I was young as the best PS1 game I ever played and then later the only one I ever beat. To the future gamers!
80	1	When I first got my Gamecube, this game was part of the Zelda collector's edition. I didn't know much about Zelda, and had only played very few games before, but was mesmerized by this game. The beginning of it is so magical and imaginative; it really draws you in to the story. I found myself playing through the beginning of it over and over again because I didn't have my memory card yet. This game takes place in a vivid fantasy world that is vibrant, ominous, beautiful, and haunting. I had never experienced anything like it. To this day I have never been so absorbed by another game.What's really impressive is that this whole game is very consistent. The music is also exceptional. The music is better than most movie soundtracks, in my opinion. All of it perfectly accompanies what is happening in the game. So much happens in this game; it has a lot of cinematic scenes too, which really develop the story, which is an excellent tale of good versus evil.Ocarina of Time stimulated my imagination at a young age more than just about anything I know of. There are a few films and books that would come close, but I can't think of anything that could quite surpass it. Ocarina of Time is an involving, authentic, scary, and epic adventure. Playing it for the first time makes for an unparalleled experience.
456	1	Ocarina of Time is a massive, epic Action/Adventure game out for the N64.  Many have been tempted to call it the best game ever (just read some other reviews) but I would step back from that.  It is still one of my favorite games, despite the fact that I play mostly RPG's.  By the way, Zelda is not an RPG, even though you do talk to people and have a sword.In Zelda you play as Link (Zelda is the princess, not the main character) as you go on a quest to save the world from the evil Ganondorf by freeing each of six spirits from their different temples.  You change between times, where you are adult or child Link, and you have to switch often, and do different things in both, and each time has different weapons and items.  The time-traveling aspect of the game is one of the coolest parts.The real-time combat is a lot of fun, and fairly well put together.  It involves a 'Z-targeting' system in which you can select a monster and then keep it in the center of the screen and move around it.  The fights against other monsters with swords and shields are great as a result.  Z-targeting is not perfect, but it works well.The dungeons are all awesome, and very unique.  Each dungeon is mostly based around one particular item or weapon, its own gimmick, but despite that they really don't seem forced, and stay fresh all the way through (although, the last couple dungeons aren't nearly as long as the others, almost like the designers started getting bored).  For the most part the dungeons aren't too difficult if you know what to do, but it is very easy to get stuck if you don't, and the game often leaves you on your own to figure out what to do, especially on side quests, so having a good walkthrough nearby is helpful.The overall story isn't too great (for the most part, "save the princess"), but many of the individual events and side stories are neat.  The characters and different races which populate the world are cool, especially the Gorons, which are one of the best races ever.  The bosses of each dungeon are awesome, as well as being original, and can usually be beaten by hacking them up, or through the use of special tactics.  It's always good to have a choice.Despite how good it is, Zelda isn't perfect.  The graphics, for example, are nice, but they are old, and on the N64.  The music is okay, but mostly just ambient, and the classic Zelda overworld theme is conspicuously missing.  Having to constantly change which items you have equipped is also annoying, even if there isn't really a better system available.  Some would say Zelda has an almost kiddy atmosphere and suffers from an occasional lack of seriousness (I would tend to disagree).  And of course, the fairy is annoying, but no reason to like the game any less.All in all, Zelda is a great game, and a must buy for any N64 owner, as it is one of the best Action/Adventure games ever.  If you are looking for an RPG, look elsewhere.  This isn't one.  And be prepared to get a little frustrated.  Zelda is pretty long, especially if you do everything there is to do.  Maybe 25-30 hours if you run straight through, but  it could take many more depending on how much extra stuff you do, or how often you get stuck.  Have fun.
194	1	The multiplayer is amazing but most reviews already cover that. I still have yet to beat the last level "Cradle" and the 2 bonus missions on the hardest difficulty after 12 years, and yet I am addicted to trying over and over. I finished the Campaign twice on the 1st 2 difficulties. Each difficulty higher, the more parts of the level you explore, and the more crazy scenarios you will experience, places and scenarios that you did not experience in the easier difficulties.. Many missions you can go about using stealth or guns blazing. It is always fun trying to beat facility or Bunker #1 with just a silenced pp7 without alerting anyone. Nothing is more satisfying than shooting 2 gaurds to death with a silenced ppk before they can hit the alarm. In some levels if you are feeling arrogant, you can hit the alarm yourself and take on hundreds of enemies and go rambo. There is so much about this game I could go on for days about how amazing this game is. No modern AAA FPS has surpassed Goldeneye on N64 campaign to this day. The remakes have been complete crap, despite the amazing COD engine. If you own a N64 and love perfect dark or other great FPS adventures you will love this.
886	1	I was always a fan of Zelda when it first came out for the original Nintendo.  This is a fairly challenging game and I got bored with it quickly.  There isn't a lot of violence in this game but I think it's too advanced for kids to play.
659	0	Positive:+ gameplay is very deep with new elements added all the time+ worlds are very diverse and have a lot of content+ music tracks are great and change in style when you're in different spots+ sharp controls that work well for the most partNegative:- you have to start your note count every time you re-enter a world- camera doesn't always give you the best view you needSuper Mario 64 revolutionized the 3-D platformer; and the amount of people who would deny that are probably fewer than the words in this sentence. But when a revolution comes, what's the point of it being so revolutionary unless something comes of it later on? In video games, a game is a revolution indeed when other games take the basic model and take it to a whole new level, and possibly delivering a game that's even better than the root. Whether it really is a beneficiary of the beloved Mario 64 or Rare is just really, really good at making games, that is where we find Banjo-Kazooie.Games of the platforming genre aren't exactly known for their amazing stories, and Banjo fares no different. Banjo's little sister Tooty is kidnapped by the stereotypical green witch Gruntilda. She has some sort of weird machine that will supposedly transfer Tooty's beauty to herself, and this will leave Banjo's poor sister ugly in the process! So Banjo and his grumpy bird friend Kazooie (who for some reason lives in Banjo's backpack) set out to Gruntilda's lair to save Tooty. The story doesn't take itself very seriously at all but there's a great, humorous tone to it that more than makes up for the lack of depth.The game doesn't move from place to place at all; the whole thing takes place in Gruntilda's huge lair, key word being 'huge.' This one location is just so big but perfectly balanced with the ease of traversing that it makes the perfect setting for a platforming game. There is a whole lot of variety within the mountain lair, with a sewer, swamp, graveyard, and many other spots. The areas of different theme will almost always take you to one of the game's nine worlds, which are all big, diverse, and have a lot of stuff to find. You'll find yourself at a mountain to begin the game, then moving on to a beach, and later a snow area and haunted mansion-like world, and so on. The game never really runs out of new material to throw at you, which is really nice, even if most of the themes are found in many other games of the genre, too.Another way Banjo always keeps itself fresh is with the moves you can learn. In most of the levels you can find a mole named Bottles who will teach you a new move if you can find him. These moves are sometimes confined to certain spots or items you can put on, and they all work together perfectly to make the game progress logically. You have to unlock some of these abilities, such as flight and invincibility, to get deeper into Gruntilda's lair, and also to accomplish more in the worlds. The game controls very well too, even with all the added moves, and it doesn't get too complicated. One issue though is with the camera, which you can control the angle of but you still sometimes can't get the viewpoint that's just right for a room or area.But the core of the game stays the same, no matter how many moves you learn or different worlds you visit. The main objects to collect are jiggies, which are basically pieces of jigsaw puzzles that, when put together, open the door to a new world. Ten of these can be found in each level along with 100 notes, which open up doors to new areas of the lair. Unfortunately the game's note total is merely a combined high score of how many notes you collect in each level; each time you re-enter a world the note count restarts. This is pretty annoying sometimes, and it would have been nice to just keep all the notes so you don't have to recollect all of them again to advance your total note count. Thankfully the jiggies are extremely well-balanced as far as how hard they are to get; in the first world most of them are sitting on the ground like Easter eggs, but as you progress through the game you have to work much harder to earn your way to more worlds.Graphically Banjo kept up to date well enough. The visuals are just a tad choppy, but they still look good enough, and that sort of thing happened all the time in the N64 era. Sometimes objects that are a little ways away won't appear on screen until you get closer, which thankfully doesn't prove to be too annoying but still would be good if fixed. Despite these few flaws, though, the graphics look great considering the times.One of Banjo's shining areas aside from gameplay is the sound. The characters speak in a gibberish sort of language (with text shown on the bottom of the screen) and this might annoy some but it's still good to add personality to each character. The sound effects are all good too, no complaints there. The really cool part of the sound, though, is the music. The tracks are cool enough as they are, but when you're standing on a different spot or in a different area, like if you're under water or at the entrance to a different world, the music style and sound totally changes while keeping the same song. Then as you exit the spot the music transitions back to the normal style, and this effect may sound small without actually hearing it but trust me when I say it's really, really cool.Mario 64 may have been the revolution, but some of the games that derived bits and pieces from it were possibly even better, in my opinion. Banjo-Kazooie is one such game, adding a lot of depth and value to an already proven formula. It may not be the game everyone looked to for inspiration in the game-making world, but Banjo-Kazooie is a real gem from Rare's glory days on the N64, and it makes me want to play the sequel even if it is ten years old.Gameplay: 9.5Graphics: 8.5Sound: 9.5Camera & Control: 8.5Value: 9.5FINAL SCORE: 9.2/10
536	1	I have to admit something, I love the way this game looks!  It is spectacular in the graphics sense, but the story just left me out to dry.  The orginal command and conquer storyline was way better.  The GDI missions  are a joke in this game and I have to say it...NOD RULEZ!  The NOD missions  are very fun to look at and play especially the evil HAL computer that  talks to you in the cool voice.  The game play units are completely  unbalanced!  On GDI side, all you have to do is amass a huge army of Tank  Mechs and you can destroy any base no matter how fortified it is.  On the  NOD side, amass a huge army of 30 mobile artillery and nobody can stand in  your way.  The game is worth buying to see how it looks, but the gameplay  is horrible and some of the missions are close to impossible which may  frustrate some novice players.  Ok Westwood you have provided the  interface, now quit slacking and give us a good story!
64	0	It plays great and i look forward to beating my fance. We place bets on who will win and the looser has to do the chores.
44	1	I loved the first Hawx PC game when it came out. Playing Hawx 2 got boring after several missions, is just a shame.
305	1	Mortal Kombat is a totally cool fighting game series. Digitized and bloody fighting combined with neck-breaking, spine-ripping fatality moves make the series seem like gold. But I personally find the transition from 2D to 3D for this series scary at first glance. I originally thought the fatalities would end up being like horror movie scenes. However, I ended up sticking with it.In Arcade mode, there were about 5 or 6 difficulty modes. In Mortal Kombat on the SNES, I played well on it. In Mortal Kombat 2 on Game Boy, I was able to tackle Hard mode. In Mortal Kombat 4 for Game Boy, I can beat Master mode, but that version of this game was too easy. Here, I got my butt kicked even on Normal mode! The game is pretty challenging, but I think if a player's good enough, he can whop through easily.The gameplay is traditional Mortal Kombat fighting action. There are also some new moves, such as twisting someone's leg.The graphics are also really great, especially considering some of the Nintendo 64's limits, such as the 2D blood during the Game Over screen.And of course, the sound is top-notch.There are very few fighting games for the Nintendo 64, and this is your saving grace for your virtual strength.
854	1	Miyamoto slacked off on this one.1.This is certainly not the best game ever. Not even the best game on Nintendo 64. Super Mario 64, and Perfect Dark both stomp this game into submission.2.This is not a role-playing game. Role-playing games have a lot of text and character involvement. This game has a script that is about two pages long, maybe less. What you say or do in this game really has no effect on the games out come.3.This is not the best Zelda game. The Legend Of Zelda, Links Awakening, and A Link To The Past are all much better games, especially for their time.4.This game is not 256 Mega Bytes. It is actually 256 Mega Bits, which is equal to 32 Mega Bytes. So sorry the game isn't nearly the size of a 650/700 Mega Byte CD-ROM.5.The game has no replay value, I played through it once, then about a year later, I attempted playing through it again, I couldn't bare it, the game is just too boring. I played through Final Fantasy VII and VIII twice each, and those took alot longer than this to finish, they were both great both times through.I loved the good old Zelda games but this just doesn't deserve the Zelda name, lets just hope that Zelda on the Game Cube doesn't turn out the same way.
841	1	This game is defently one of my top favorite games! I dont have it but i've rented it and it is cool. Your constantly under presure and near the end it feels like theres no where to go! In this game you shoot arrows,fight theifs,get a horse,venture in caves and much more challenges like deafeating the power hungry sorcerer Gannondorf! deffently 5 stars. Im planing on buying this game today.
360	0	A game that set the standard for the series IMO, clearly the newest one out there set the bar for the entire franchise though.
85	1	Though officially the 4th installment in the MK series, Mortal Kombat 4 followed one upgrade game, a compilation game, and a Sub-Zero spinoff game, making it around the 7th actual produced game for the series. It was the first game to utilize a 3-D engine, and the first MK game to feature weapons combat.While the 3-D engine was a refreshing change of pace after the stale, sprite-based animation of the previous entries, in truth MK4 gets dull rather quickly. Without the 3-D engine, it's pretty much the same as previous installments, only with less characters and less finishing moves. The idea to finally drop the silly finishers like Friendships and Babalities was a good one, but once you go through all the finishers and stage fatalities, you've pretty much seen it all. The basic fight engine is solid, but feels a little too simplistic and generic. The pre-programmed combos were toned down, which should be a good thing, but after awhile you miss the 'wow' factor that came with delivering them. The sidestepping button doesn't really do enough to change things, and weapons are so easily lost that its not worth pulling them out except for the coolness factor.MK4's still decent and worth buying if you find a used cartridge around, but only because the N64 seriously lacked solid fighting games. The Playstation had plenty of 2-d and 3-d fighters that made MK4 pale in comparison. It's still fun to go a few rounds with friends, and its a nice pre-cursor to the more advanced Deadly Alliance and Deception, but the game just doesnt leave you satisfied.
930	0	I can't tell you what a piece of dog**** this game is. Like everything else Microsoft makes- it doesn't work. When are they going to take a cue from Apple and make things that actually work the first time and every time. To log onto this game they make you jump through a series of hoops that takes like 15 min. to accomplish. If you want another disappointment from Microsoft, buy some "Games for Windows Live" games.  I just wanted a simple arcade like driving game when I have a young boy visiting. If that's what you want, don't buy this. If you want to hire a consultant to help you run this game, then buy it.  oh, one more thing, every time I do get this game to play my joystick stops working (there's Windows 7 for you)
283	1	At first glance this game may look easy but its not.You could spend many hours just trying to figure out what everything does and even more making your numerous attempts at unsuccesful cities.The graphics are pretty good  but you need an intense system for the game to run smoothly.Maxis has once  again added their own humorous touch to the game which can add to the fun  factor.You probably won't get sick of this game very fast. If you are  looking for a huge improvement over SC2K you won't find it here.I have made  this game sound bad but it really isn't, this a very fun and challenging  game and would reccomend it only to one who likes this particular genre.
811	1	This game's graphics and animations are very well done, and the story line is above average.  The thing that in my opinion makes it average is how long the levels are (coupled with the ridiculous Death Throes, more on the later).  It reminds me of the days of Jaws and Friday The 13th games for the NES where the levels dragged on and on and on....each level in this game will take you at LEAST three hours to get thru and not only that but youll have to back track thru old levels to get new keys and items etc.  After a while it gets to the point where you get tired of it and quit.  And one more thing this game seems to have been made for a bored teenage kid or adolescent, there are no puzzles or challenges to keep you intrigued, except for the occasional switch to find and that gets boring. The game is basically just kill this dinosaur and watch the blood spew forth, while it goes thru a ridiculous Death Throe.Considering how long the levels are use the cheats some have mentioned and you should get a lot more enjoyment out of it (at least that way you wont have to be backtracking all the time).  Buy this game used.
922	0	The game works well on you computer.  I downloaded it from SqaureEnix and love it. I could not download this copy, however since I have Windows 8 and could not find any type of patch for the midi files.  Someone of better computer experience may be able to do it.
153	1	This is one of the best games I have ever played.  Even shooting the arrows is fun, you can actually use your shield to block getting hit.  Just incredible.  The only bad thing I can possibly say is you almost have to buy the strategy guide or else you will likely get stuck on some levels.  There are a few dungeons that I could not find my way out of without buying the guide.  But overall great game!!
160	1	This Zelda game is simply amazing! The Wind Waker sucked and Four Swords was OK, but this game rocks! The main plot was spectacular and the gameplay was great! I first played the game after getting Collector's Edition for Christmas, and I was addicted to it. The main plot throughout the whole game is that Link(as a kid) must collect 3 Spiritual stones and open the Door of Time, along with the Ocarina of Time. As an adult, Link must awaken the 5 sages and fight to destroy the evil Ganondorf and rescue Zelda. I have beaten the game 6 times it was so good! I highly recommend it to big Zelda fans. NOTE: This game has a sequel called Majora's Mask, but it's not near as good in my opinion.
966	0	What can be said about Ocarina of Time? I still remember that commercial from the late 90s. It told us that a "dark time is approaching." My interest was piqued. Then I realized it was a Zelda game. As a huge fan of A Link to the Past, I thought "ZOMG that looks awesome! I need to get this more than I've ever needed to get anything!" I remember reading about it in GamePro and obviously being interested, but that commercial sealed the deal. I knew I had to have Ocarina of Time, and that Christmas, my mom got it for me. Cheers!A lot has been said about OoT over the years. It has been referred to as the "Best Game of All Time" by some, and the "Most Overrated Game of All Time" by others. I'm not really in either camp, but I lean closer to the former group, I suppose. If you haven't played it yet, you should. It's out on a variety of platforms and there's even remake of it with better graphics, but I would still recommend the N64 version if you want the same experience people had back in the 90s when OoT was THE GAME you needed to play.Story:You are Link. The Great Deku Tree, guardian of the forest in which you live, has summoned you. It's revealed that you must visit a far off castle and meet a "Princess of Destiny," and doing so brings you square into a struggle for the fate of Hyrule -- nay, the world -- itself.Gameplay:To complete your quest and save Hyrule, you must boldly enter into many dungeons which are filled with fierce skeletal warriors, human-sized spiders, horrible ghosts, and... immobile venus fly traps! Completing a dungeon gives you an item for the main quest, and completing all of the dungeons will allow you to face the final boss. There's much more to it that, but I'm trying not to spoil storyline specifics for those who haven't played it.Hyrule is a vast world. One of your in-game guides tells you that "You can go wherever you want." That's true, to a point. There's a lot of exploration in Ocarina of Time. The game is always trying to point you toward a certain place, but whether or not you go there is often up to you. In an interactive world such as Hyrule, you can do many things. Why go see what's on Death Mountain when you could pour water into all of the soil patches in Hyrule? Or why go play the Shadow Temple -- which does not have any attractive Gerudo women -- when you could go to the Spirit Temple, which does? The exploration is one of OoT's best features, and it's probably better than any Zelda which came after it.Controls:They work well enough. You don't have the full on camera control that some of the later Zelda games give you, but personally, I never found it all that essential to the process.Ocarina of Time introduced a "Z-targeting system" for aiming at enemies and talking to non-playable characters. What you do is get near an enemy/NPC, press or hold Z, and then press a button to talk to them/attack them. The system pretty intuitive and well made, so much so that its successors have yet to really improve upon it.Music:*90s gripe* Where is the classic Zelda overworld theme? Oh, we can hear it for like five seconds in the Hyrule Field theme? ARE YOU SERIOUS? But seriously, the music is pretty good. The Hyrule Field theme which I just mentioned is a good theme. The music does a good job of fitting the areas which you visit, for the most part.Some later Zelda games use too much ambient music in the dungeons. OoT is guilty of this too, but only to a small degree. Apart from the Water Temple's melody, there's nothing that makes me want to relax and do some meditation or whatever while hearing it. :POh, and I'm sad to report that the "OoT Commercial Music" is not in this game... :(Replay Value:It's pretty massive. You can do some Temples in different orders than you did your first time through, or you can use different items to progress through the Temples. I summed it up in a sentence, but there's hundreds of hours of replay potential there in just finding all of OoT's possible variations.Like in the original Legend of Zelda, you can do the "Three Heart Challenge," which means you can complete the game without any of the health upgrades from beating a dungeon. Essentially, that's playing Hard Mode (although it isn't really that hard).But if the Three Heart Challenge wasn't enough, OoT lets you tack on additional stipulations to make replaying it even harder! There are technically unnecessary items which let you breathe underwater and resist intense heat. Not getting them limits the amount of time you can spend in relevant areas. On top of all that, you could even as far to skip the health upgrades which halve your damage.______If you call yourself a gamer and have not played Ocarina of Time, what are you? Some undercover non-gamer sent in to infiltrate us!? Go play it now!
386	1	This game is complete crap.The graphics look decent,but the gameplay is for sh**.I can't even begin to tell you how bad "Batman & Robin" is.First off,the controls are terrible.You have a hell of a time trying to figure out how to fight,drive the batmobile,swim,use the gadgets...it's even a pain to try and walk.The map of Gotham is very small and all of the buildings of the area look the same.The game is also almost impossible.You get one life.After you die,it's game over,and right back to the beginning.You can also die quickly as well.You can play as either Batman,Robin or Batgirl,but their combat moves look absolutley retarded.Overall,this is THE WORST Batman game I have EVER PLAYED! "Batman Forever" on Genesis was better then this dud,and we all know how bad that game was.I HIGHLY recommend that you DO NOT buy this.The ONLY reason why you MIGHT wanna purchase this,is because it's a pretty rare game,and it could be a part of your game collection,but as far as the game itself goes....IT SUCKS!
82	1	After passing the second and then the first, I was attempted to do this one. The graphics are much better than the previous two, but the story got very boring. The adventures, too, became very uninteresting. Regarding saving and hidden place this one is by far the simplest.The story here continues from where it ended in the last part, if you have won, that is. As oppose to aku-aku, we see the evil uka-uka who is the Big boss of Dr Cortex. And we see that Crash is forced to fight them! Why? Why, to save the world, of course!In the previous 2 parts we had gems. Now, this was not enough for the overactive designers. They introduce trophies in this new part. For a trophy, you have to finish a level within an allotted time. This is not that difficult, but you cannot achieve it in every levels. Some levels are extremely difficult to finish fast. I picked all the gems and all but on trophy, and imagine my frustration.If you are a crash fan you might like this one, but you cannot help being disappointed.
189	1	Resident Evil 2. I realized I hadn't written a review for my favorite game of all time. Yes, I'm not kidding. This game has it all. Graphics, check. (Still look good today in 2009.) Gameplay, check. Music, check. Gore and zombies, check and check. It just doesn't get any better than this. I loved the original but when I got this game is when I got really hooked into the series.The game is filled with great atmosphere. There's no game that defines survival horror better than this one. This was Capcom at the height of their powers. Silent Hill is a close second in the genre. Resident Evil 2 improved upon the original in many ways. The voice is a little better though it still has moments of cheese. The weapons look better and are upgradeable, the game has two scenarios where your choices make slight differences in the other character's game.Yes this game is survival horror royalty. Get it, I don't care what system you get it for, but just get it.
677	0	This has got to be the best one of the playstation one series.Can't wait for my ps2 to arrive to continue the series,hopefully they will be better than Ace Combat 3 which was an utter disappointment.
644	0	When I had this game, I did not stop playing until I got to winning the game. It's fun for awhile to throw objects at people that are racing against you. It has a four player mode, which is not bad, but sometimes gets a little confusing when you're watching other people racing. The split screen should never be included. Although, that it is which is easy to get distracted. But Mario Kart is fun and it should be in one of the hand-held games, too. I wouldn't mind playing this. Oh, I have the one on Gameboy Advance, which is cool but not like the one from Nintendo 64. Now, that confused me.
746	1	This is a cool game.  You complete every mission on 00 agent and you unlock the 007 difficulty level.  You don't need a memory pak or card to play this game.
771	0	I still haven't figured this one out. Did everything as instructed but the game never installed. Strange. Since I don't like to rate on something I couldn't get to work, I'll just say that I didn't like it because I couldn't get it to work :P For those that did manage to get it installed, I'm sure it's a great game. I had the first Dirt and it was a scream! Too bad this one bombed. Maybe a bad disc...
787	1	There always comes along trend setters that some how cannot be bettered! Zelda is one of those games ,its challenging enjoyable adventurous fun!!!!!!!!!!! i loved every minute of it even though at times i wanted root out my hair i have no regrets having this game in my collection,one of the best games ever on 64.even though the 64 era has ended if you are a die hard gamer from time to time you may want to go back this game is definitely worth playing again and again there's always something you would have miss that you can find the next time around.
438	1	Banjo-Kazooie is an action adventure game in the style of Super Mario 64. However, it is similar, yet also quite different. Rather than having most of the skills you need at the beginning of the game, you learn a few in the very beginning, and then learn the remaining skills throughout the first six worlds (there are nine, but they are much larger than the fifteen in Mario 64). Notes are like coins, and jiggies are like stars. However, rather than six stars in each world, there are 10 jiggies to find in each world, and 10 in the witch's castle (much like the castle secret stars). Also, you can transform in five of the nine massive levels with the help of the crazy witch doctor Mumbo-Jumbo. Generally, it will help you get at least 1 Jiggy in the world, and they can do things that Banjo and Kazooie can't on their own. Throughout the game, you get to transform into a termite (level 1), an alligator (level 4), a walrus (level 5), a pumpkin (level 7), and a bee (level 9).The nine massive worlds are each very different from eachother. But how fun are they? Well, they're all very fun to play in, mainly because the tunes in each world really match the mood, from eerie funeral dirges to peppy shipyard music, this game has that and then some. Overall, I highly recommend it. If you read my previous review of the game Banjo-Tooie, you'd see why I enjoyed the sound effects so much. Once more, I highly recommend this game.
141	1	So what is Mario's quest this time? Save the Princess "Peach" by defeating the evil Bowser, while collecting 70 stars in only 15 levels (all 15 levels are contained in 1 huge castle). It might not be the best Mario game, but it offers a new 3D world and a whole new realism. It also has new features such as an energy feature, where rather than collecting power-ups like the fire flower, you now collect a gold coin and you get a block of energy back! Now Mario has far more of an offense rather than just stomping enemies, he can now throw punches, kicks and slide into enemies, making full use of the 3D plane. The enemies come to life in 3D, such as huge chain chomps, menacing goombas and annoying koopas The graphics could have been better, because they make enemies out of simple colors rather than textures like more recent games have. The music and sound effects are nice, because Mario now has a voice to be heard. There are however only minimal power-ups, such as Mario's Winged hat, which allows him to fly, and Mario's steel cap, making him invincible.
335	1	Megaman LegendsThis is my undisputed favorite game of all time. I bought it in 1998 or so because I had played and lovedMega Man 3for theNintendo NES System - Video Game Consolewhen I was young. This game was nothing like that game or any other Megaman games. It was in 3-D and had a story that would blow your mind. I have played through this game around 50 times and no every single part of it by heart.Graphics- 7/10The transition to 3-D for Megaman isn't an ugly one, but a decent one. Most of the trees have a 2-D look to them and a lot of characters are blocky. Still, you can tell what everything is easily and there is no slowdown at all. Not to mention, there is hardly any load time to wait through in this game.Story- 10/10You are Megaman Volnutt. Roll Casket and her Grandpa, Barrel Casket, have raised you since they found you when you were a child. Following Barrel's footsteps, Megaman and Roll become Diggers. Diggers are people who search through ruins, infested with Reaverbots, to find parts and other things. The main thing a lot of Diggers are looking for are Refractors, which are extremely powerful crystal-like objects that power society. The world is almost entirely ocean so people must use flying machines or boats to get around. Megaman, Roll, and Barrel crash-land their flying ship, The Flutter, on an island called Kattelox. You go on to discover the island's many secrets and fight off the treasure hungry pirates.Sound- 7/10The music and sound effects in this game are decent. Nothing will blow your mind away but nothing will annoy you to death. Some tunes even become catchy, like the Apple Market tune.Gameplay- 10/10You play as Megaman: exploring ruins, fighting pirates, and just helping people out. There are a lot of side quests you can do. You can join a secret gang, fill a museum with underground arts, help a little girl recover, play in game shows, and so much more. The main storyline has you exploring the Sub-Gate ruins in hopes to learn more about the Island's great treasure, or disaster. While in Sub-Gates you can find all kinds of items to do things with. It's not just in the Sub-Gates either; you can search in other digging sites for parts. You have a primary weapon called a Buster Gun, which can be upgraded with 2 buster parts initially. These buster parts can be bought or found and change different aspects of your Buster Gun's shooting. You have a secondary special weapon that can be equipped and upgraded as well. You will get many different special weapons in the game and one of the most fun parts of the game is upgraded your weapons to perfect ability.Difficulty- 4/10 (Note- This is how much I like the difficulty)Since this game is more story based, the difficulty is slight. There is hardly a time where you feel that you are going to die, minus a few bosses. Once you beat the original game, you can go back and play it on a new Hard Mode option. The game is still not that much more difficult but some of the bosses will give you more trouble. Also, to top it off, the game isn't that long. Even the player who likes to talk to every single person and gets lost often can still beat this game in less then 15 hours. That includes the main storyline and all side quests, minus special weapon upgrading. I can now beat the game on Hard Mode in around 5 hours.Overall- 10/10Despite the game being easy and not having the best graphics or sound, it's still 5 stars. The game's storyline and gameplay is so good that the rest doesn't even matter. You'll still find yourself going back and playing this game over and over again.
373	1	I love this game.  The characters are cute, they make great noises, and there are lots of worlds to explore.  It's really hard to die too, so you could concievably play without a memory card.  What I don't like about it is that Spyro is a little hard to control compared to today's games, and a lot of parts are highly frustrating.  Thieves have stolen a bunch of dragon eggs and you have to chase them down and get the eggs back, but this is MUCH easier said than done.  I have spent hours chasing these guys on some levels.  I mean, I wouldn't want the game to be too easy, but this is borderline ridiculous.  But it's still a really great game and I absolutely fell in love with it.  I'd recomend it to people who love cute things and have infinite patience.
313	1	Azure Dreams isn't really like other RPGs. It's actually more of a random dungeon game. Like Chocobo Dungeon and Diablo. These games really seem to  fit into there own category these days. Also it has a monster training part  to it where you brought you monster in the dungeon to fight for you. Also  within the game is a very weird part of plot. You get to sees the faces of  the women you have gotten to become your loyal women while you save. If you  run the story correctly on all of them in the end your basically the town  pimp.As far as game play goes when entering the dungeon you are always  brought down to level 1 and only able to take 5 items inside. This is an  annoying thing. Your monsters do not loose levels but as they survive they  loose magic and leave way to fast. Also to keep your weapons in poor shape  early you well have problems with rust traps, which lower their quality.  Also there are items they raise the quality of the weapon and shield (only  equipment you wear) threw the game called sands. A good thing to remember  is gold swords do not rust, neither do diamond or mirror shields. Without  knowing that the game can get pretty boring faster. The game is very  repetitive. You end up doing the same thing over and over again while you  get to the deeper levels of the dungeon again and again. Even though they  change every time it does get old to meet the same monsters hoping for a  sand so you can get to the next floor again and again and again. I fell  asleep while playing this game at least six times.As far as plot goes  the plot within 27 hours of playing you well forget the game had a plot and  you well only be reminded in the very end.The graphics to this game are  sprits. They are not poorly done sprites but I have seen higher quality.  There are many different looking monsters and every couple floors the  dungeon's floor takes a new appearance. But eventually it does some  repeating and none of the pictures are that beautiful.And finally as far  as length of time it can stay interesting it depends on how patient you  are. This game involves a lot of patience. Even though I fell asleep while  playing it many times I enjoyed it all the way until I beat it, but if you  are going to play it its defiantly a buy game and not a rent  game.Overall this game is not for everyone, but if your very patient and  you have a lot of free time to see a weird game that combines monster  raising, dungeon exploring, and... RPG style control to dating. Get Azure  dreams.
287	1	The sequel to the very popular Tekken, Tekken 2 takes everything that the original had and expands upon it. More characters, more levels, more moves, Tekken 2 is a classic and should be in the library of any fighting game lover.The combat in Tekken is one of best ever. There are so many possible combinations, it's almost impossible to remember them all. Each Tekken gets better and better. Another thing I love about this game is the music. It suits the stages, and characters, well.
777	1	Mega Man Legends is a great new series for mega man.  The story takes him to an island searching for energy crystals on his dig adventures.  Game play is fun and easy to learn.  The game has plenty of secret goodies for you too discovery adding hours of replay value.  easy and fun to play but not easy enough that you'll only spend oh...one week or so one it.  Loads of fun a most have for hardcore mega man and new mega man fans of all ages!!!
212	1	I was very dubious when I started playing Grim Fandango.  An adventure game with polygons?  And the SCUMM menu interface system that was in every single past Lucasarts adventure game was gone?  But I gave it a try.  Thank  goodness I did.Grim Fandango is a story about Manny Calavera, a travel  agent for the souls of the dead.  He sells packages to the departed for  their four year journey to their just rewards, and if he sells enough he  can earn enough to make his own trip someday.Imagine the theme of  Casablanca with some mexican folklore and Mayan art thrown in for fun.  Add  big orange demons, hot rods, killer beavers, cat races, and the grim reaper  and you have Grim Fandango.The story is supurb and the voice acting was  top notch.  It's very difficult to do a dramatic yet humorous story, but  somehow this game pulls it off.  Grim Fandango could yank me to the brink  of tears one moment and cause me to almost bust a gut another.The things  that make a good adventure game are all there.  Logical puzzles that don't  cause your gameplay to come to a standstill until you solve them, good  acting, good animation, and good code!  If I were ever forced to reccomend  only on adventure game to someone, this would be it.
738	1	Mario Kart: 64.  It is such an improvement from the Super Nintendo version.  The graphics are quite detailed in comparison to the other 64 games out.  I would say, above average.  However, the graphics is not what sets this game off above the others.  It is the enjoyment level!Not only is it fun to compete with others like your family, friends, or even the computer player (AI) but it's got a great Grand Prix mode in which you can compete for a Gold Cup.  Get all gold Cups and you gain a bonus.The only complaint I have about this game, (reason why I gave it a four instead of a 5) is that the AI are too smart.  Races sometimes seem to be unfair.  You throw items at them, knock them to the side, speed ahead of them and it seems like whatever you do, it doesn't matter.  This can be frustrating.  Though the controls are WAY improved over the Super Nintendo version, it still is hard to control the carts (karts) around corners.Overall, this is an addicting game.Have a Super Nintendo? Buy Mario Kart for Super NintendoHave a Gamecube? Definetely buy Mario Kart: Double Dash for Gamecube.And finally, if you have a N64, Mario Kart 64 is one to deeply consider
728	1	This N64 title was exclusive for N64 at one point but that doesn't really matter.  South Park 64 looked really promising at first and it truly was with it's shocking yet really great graphics some what game play.  And I was looking forward to one of the things South Park is best at.  Stupid Funny plot.  It kina had one but ends up failing AND I LOVE SOUTH PARK IT'S ONE OF THE BEST SHOWS OUT THERE.  But for a game it's just..AVERAGE.  Nothing new just run and gun but I liked the whole senario stories like the visitors and the Turkey episodes.  Those were great.  The game starts off really well as you battle your way through vicious Turkeys but once you beat the Turkey boss it just drags on with the same ol run n' gun and then fight the boss with nothing New.  It's just the same ol' same ol.Graphics are really good and one of the best on the N64.  It really shows what the N64 can do.  One of the best parts are the bosses cause there 3d animation is sooooo good.  But that is just it...Graphics... Now lets get to the problemGameplay gets really boring after awhile.  Really...It's just the same ol same ol but the game is great for Die Hard SouthPark Fans.  I thought the game could have bin better but hey It wasn't But They still try to do a good job.  But still...Gameplay is just a lil boring..Sound is perfect...Trey Parker and Matt Stone do a great job as teh voices of those crazy boys.  Sound is great ok!ProsGraphicsSoundVoicesConsGameplay is just way to boring and a bit tediousSeems like playing the first Episode over againThe ending is sooo crappy I was really expecting something big and cool but just same lame ending...Then again it's just a game based on a show but seriously.Over all I give it ....a3.2 out of 5 starsGet this game at your own risk but I recomend Chef's lUv shack...Much much betta and fun mini games.Lates
596	1	My father is a seaman. I have seen many ships, sailed with him around the world numerous times. So ships are in my blood. When i saw this game I bought it without batting an eyelid. Well I wish I didn't because I now regret my decision.The game is unique in its concept. We never really had a maritime ship simulation that wasn't centrally focused on war and sinking other ships :). This one happens to be just peace-time shipping simulation with different kinds of detailed ships ranging from cargo, to passenger, to rescues, to towing, to even trying to alter history by succesfully sailing Titanic to New york on its first maiden voyage etc. The game creator has gone to great details to simulate as much as possible the Intricacies of piloting as well as managing huge ships operations. Any aspiring sea captian or sea salt will identify with some if not most aspects of piloting a ship as simulated in this game. But to me thats where all the goodies end.The cons associated with game are just too game-breaking to me and i have essentially stopped playing the game. Until these issues gets addressed i am not spending anymore money on this games series.First and foremost this game badly needs a voluntary "Time Compression" feature. Not all of us have 2-3 hours to devote each time we decide to play this game to have some fun. Sometimes it take an hour or so just to get out of harbour and tag some hours more on this to complete the mission. With a game in which you are looking at ocean waves for hours this gets boring really fast. This is just plain very annoying and game destroying factor to me. I know some people have all the time in the world to savour and enjoy games but a lot dont too. Since its not a action oriented game the passage of time is felt even more. If they can incorporate a Time Compression feature it will make the game lot more open to different segments of gamers.Second is the still dated graphics engine. I see lots of people commenting on how good the graphics look. I have a pretty good rig and i can play games like Mass Effect and Silent Hunter 4 in almost thearatical quality but even with everything maxed out this game just looks medicore graphics wise. The ships and ocean etc. looks very simplistically rendered from today's standard. The graphical quality of this game released in 2008 is kind of dissappointing though.Last some of the missions in the game are just plain novice or fillers in my opinion. This game is geared towards people who like to pilot huge ships yet we have a lot of missions devoted to speed boats for stunts, hover boats etc. I bought the game to simulate a ship expirience not go around flipping in speed boats.Anyways..i wouldn't really recommend anyone spend $40 bucks on this game. Wait until it gets to $19 or so bargain bin. And i hope the developers put some real effort into make a more viable ship simluator for its next incarnation or you are not getting any more money from me.
408	0	the cd worked for about 4 days and then...BAM!! it was skipping like crazy, it froze wen i picked Jack-2 or Kunimitsu,and now it wont come on at all.IT WAS A PRETTY CRAPPY COPY
254	1	From a graphics standpoint, this was and still is the best Legend Of Zelda ever. The story was great as well as the gameplay. All and all this was a great homecoming for the Hero of Hyrule. Great game from beginning to end. 10 stars.
776	1	Zelda is eailsy the best game I have ever played.  The graphics are excellent, you forget you are playing a game.  My dad thought it was a cartoon.  The story is wonderful, too.  I won't give anything away, but I almost cried at the end.  And the music is great.  You will find yourself humming the Gerudo theme song.  I highly recommend this game, but I suggest you buy a strategy guide even if you normally play this game without one...It's really hard and you will probally get stuck in the water temple just like everyone else...I had to start over about three times.  But the replay value is good, too. That's why I give Zelda 5 stars!!!
123	1	I first started playing Ocarina of Time from a good friend of mine. The graphics are really cool and it shows realistic images of stories. I don't see why anybody would give this game only 1 star. I sure enjoyed the good pictures of this game. Next time I'm in a video game store. I am going to buy this game. First of all, the adventure begins when this little boy is at home sleeping. A fairy comes to him and wakes him up. Then you have to find this sword and find the Great Deku Tree. I never get tired of this game because you travel to different places accomplishing many tasks! There are many items you can use too!I think The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is even better than most playstation and playstation 2 games! It is just that good to me.If you ever see this game in a store, buy it. You will have a good time with this game!
116	0	This mario kart changed all mario karts in the future. This is the first mario kart that has mini games and computer generated graphics. I mean the 64 as u can tell the graphics have changed allot from the snes. This mario kart has many more features and great graphics. The sound is great also. If i had a choice of which mario kart to have for free if i did not have any of them it would be this one. I dont know why but for some reason this one is really fun. It has a great multiplayer, especially on mini games.
375	0	One of the best video games ever.Redefined everything after it.My copy came in very good condition without scratches or writing
572	1	Seriously. As awesome as the games before and after this game are, there is truly NO touching OOT. The story is amazing and well thought out, the game play is simple, the music is suburb, and all console Zelda games stem from this right here. SUCH as excellent game. There is no surprise many gaming magazines regard OOT as the greatest Zelda game or Video Game...of all time.
900	1	I'm not very good at video games, so this game is pretty tough for me.  I only have about 20 stars right now and I've had it about a year!  However, other than the not-so-great 3D graphics and the silly camera angles, it is a fun though challanging game.  I look forward to someday getting all 120 starts!!!  haha
451	0	this by far one of the best gran turismo on ps1 driving the skyline with 947hp wow i still remember my supra back in 2001 on my brothers old ps1 i used to watch my brother play this game and winning the races and selling cars he would always race on the test track and the ring speedway track i still do it on my ps3 ..
333	1	this is the best n64 game ever made next to the wonderful ocarina of time.i beat everything in it when i was 9-i collected all the jinjos,got all the puzzle pieces,etc.i bought it when i was 8.it's an amazing,fun game.i just feel tormented that i had to use the players guide to beat the 2nd,banjo-tooie.i try not to think about it.but this game is extremly hard and grueling-but in a good way.the levels are extremly detailed and fun.my favorite is the graveyard/haunted house level.(i forgot it's name.)buy it.i command you.
845	1	the game was awesome. Zelda has always been an addicting, mindblowing, and fun game. Many people like it. The game features a great 3d world in which there is night and day. the game also has many different enemies and dungeons and the famous ocarina where you can play different tunes that you have learned. A really good game if you like action and adventure. The frustrating thing are the puzzles. they may take some time to solve. This is not why i gave the game 4 stars. I believe 5 stars means the game is perfect. and this game is not perfect.
589	0	Super Mario 64(1997) When I first got Nintendo 64,it came with Super Mario 64.When the system was hooked up,I put in the game,and was amazed on how the graphics were!It was excellent.The graphics were great,the music was cool,and Mario never looked better!This game is for everyone.I thought Banjo-Kazooie was a great game,but move over Banjo,Mario is back!The best game ever.Features new worlds,characters,setting,and don't worry some of the old villians from the early Mario games are here,and can't forget Bowser and Princess Toadstool(Peach).Better than any 64 game ever made!
271	0	The sheer number of games bearing some form of the name &quot;Street Fighter II&quot; is staggering. So when Capcom announced that it was putting together a compilation of Street Fighter games, I was stoked. My excitement quickly cooled when I discovered the true nature of Capcom's package. Street Fighter Collection contains Super Street Fighter 2, Super Street Fighter 2 Turbo, and Street Fighter Alpha 2 Gold, a slightly updated version of Street Fighter Alpha 2. The original Street Fighter 2, Champion Edition, and Hyper Fighting are nowhere to be found. The result is a shallow package that should have been so much more. The graphics and gameplay in the Super games are almost identical to what you remember. Every frame of original animation appears intact, and there isn't any noticeable slowdown. However, the graphics do appear a bit fuzzy. The sound is decent, and the music even speeds up and intensifies when a character is near death. The second disc contains Street Fighter Alpha 2 Gold. The game is almost entirely identical to Street Fighter Alpha 2, with only a few differences. First, any character that was in Street Fighter 2 Champion Edition can switch between normal and Champion Edition modes. Playing a CE version of a character disables his super meter and changes a few moves here and there. The CE character graphics are still Alpha 2-style. Also, there is now an Akuma mode, which pits your character against Akuma over and over again instead of fighting all the other characters. Also, Cammy is hidden in the game. She appears in her X-Men vs. Street Fighter costume. All this is fine and good, but what about all the other great Street Fighter games? Where's SF2 Turbo: Hyper Fighting? Or the original SF2, complete with Guile's &quot;handcuffs&quot; and all the other weird little glitches? Capcom truly missed out on a great opportunity by releasing a &quot;collection&quot; that is obscenely incomplete. If you're really itching to play SSF2 or SSF2T, this package is right up your alley. But fans hoping for a complete collection must keep on waiting.
91	1	I'll make it short...I hope.I'm not particular a fantasy lover, I never read Tolkien's Lord of the Ring, I hate the Lord of the ring-movies and was insulted by the numerous Oscars the film(s) received.I despise the Star Wars movies, especially The Return of the Jedi, which has that peculiar fantasy-feel in it.Blahdieblahblah.Now, with games it's a different story, I don't know why, but I'm much more forgiving and willing to accept a world where fairies, gnomes and other creatures excist.The Ocarina of time is one of few artistic highlights I encountered in my life...it's almost ridiculous when I think about what I've just wrote, what about literature, art and cinema?This game moved me so much...am I a geek?...there's so much depth in this piece of ...art.It isn't the story (alone), c'mon let's be honest, it's an average fantasy tale, if made into a movie I'd fall asleep after 10 minutes.I think it's all the pieces put together: a beautiful crafted world, the progress when playing - from a child into a young man -, the challenges you'll face and overcome, the music that playes a big role in the game, the use of time: day and night, future and past etc. etc.It grabs you and most important: it's interactive (duh) for it's a game, you're not watching a crap fantasy movie, but playing the hero all by yourself, when he looses, you loose etc.I played a lot of games in my life, including many new(er) titles as Halo, GTA, Metroid Prime etc etc and I didn't yet played a game that matched the sheer brilliance of The Legend of Zelda - The Ocarina Of Time.Best game ever (so far).
4	1	Sim City 3000 is good game, yet it is the hardest game I have ever played. The main problem is getting money. I can never get any profit at the end of each year. Sure, I can use the $100,000 cheat code, but it only works once. Another problem is getting the people to work. Even if you put residential areas (where they live) next to industrial areas (where they work), they still might complain that it is too far to go. Some good things about Sim City 3000 is that you can build famous landscapes. Also, the graphics are great! If you are considering buying this city-building game, I would suggest The Sims or Roller Coaster Tycoon instead.
441	1	This is the best game I have yet to play.  It took me six months to finally defeat,figure out and fight my way to the end of this game.  This game was like a very suspenseful movie that I was controlling. Many times in the game I was actually sweating from fear. You don,t know what,s waiting for you around each corner, waiting to jump out at you and scare the crap out of you. Even my family and onlookers were startled or to afraid to play this game because of the  realism captured in enormous worlds and creepy CD sounds.
120	1	It was incredible to see this game when it came out in 1996, my brother and I had our minds blown. We lived in this game, and Mario Kart and thought entertainment would never be the same. Years ago, this was the one word on Videogames, it revolutionized everything and no one has duplicated it. A must-own and play. It's...just incredible.
46	1	No doubt, the best Nentendo game ever created up till this day.  This game is better than all the Nentendo games for all it's systems.  It has the best multi player game ever for any system, and a A- single player game.  The only thing about the multiplayer game is that it could use a bit more weapons.  And the single player game is up there with Metal Gear Solid (the original).  It's game has lots of levels, and is very challenging, but in a good way.  It's cheat options are really hard to get, but once you do, it makes the game even more awsome.  So overall, you only need one word to describe this game: spectacular.
716	1	This game has plenty of levels weapons and it has challenging gameplay with a pretty good multi-player (but i wish u could face computers in the multi-player) good graphics great play control and sound get this game if u don't already have Perfect Dark
946	0	Same goes for Tekken 2: played but never owned. Now that I'm officially the best Tekken player period, the urge to own all of them, even the first 2, just consumed me....
672	1	Mario Kart 64 this game is fun you'll play this over and over. My favorite board is Mushroom  level it's easy that's why and you pick up items to used from keeping your opponent from taking the lead. Great buy.
675	1	What I must first say is that this game is incredibly easy, and no, I am not an adult. I am 13 years old, and I got this when I was 12. The levels of the first world, Artisans, are super easy with a very easy boss. It's harder to GET TO the boss than it is to beat it. The levels just seem to keep getting just a tad bit harder, but nothing significant. The hardest boss is the boss of the second level and he isn't very hard either. Gnasty Gnorc is a surprisingly easy boss, once you figure out how to toast him. What makes this game annoying is that there is so much treasure, spread out into so many different places, that you will just rip your hair out in some of the levels trying to get it. But there are some pros. This game is a little bit long making for long lasting entertainment. The game also has great graphics with a frame rate that never slows down, and because between screens, the game is counting treasure, so it's like there's never a single load time. Also, some of the enemies are pretty funny, like in one level, if you do the right thing at the right time, the enemy will actually MOON you, and it's hilarious to see. Also, the controls are simple enough for anyone to figure out making for not much trouble otherwise. Some points of the game are hard like recovering stolen eggs from the theives, but besides that, this is an easy game that I would recommend to anyone below teenage age. The only reason I gave this game three stars was because I know most people like a good challenge, but it wouldn't be fair to give it four just because I personally like an easy game. Still good though.
650	1	Now that Banjo & Kazooie is over five years old a sequel now exist and there is likely another game coming. HOPEFULLY! The game only for the N64 is one of the most amazing platformers ever. In fact it's one of the most amazing games in any genre period. It took a while to beat the game, but it was well worth it. If your not familiar with B & K, let me explain.. Banjo is a bear with a handy backpack. Kazooie is a bird who hangs out in Banjo's backpack. With the many special moves Kazooie pops out of the pack quite a bit. Together they work through many HUGE levels collecting items like puzzle pieces (100 hidden through out the entire game), musical notes (100 on each level), little Jinjo people (5 on each level), there are also Mumbo skulls to find, they allow you (once you have the required amount) to change form, you must visit the mumbo skull guy quite often. Changing form is mandatory, for instance B & K cannot fit into some smaller places. Turning into an ant allows you to go into a small hole where prizes are not reachable otherwise. Vast and adventurous, B & K is impossible to dislike even if your not a fan of platformers. Even if your just watching, it's entertaining. I'll give you an idea of how effective the story is. BANJO & KAZOOIE is THE WIZARD OF OZ of vidoe games.
142	1	OMGosh !! . .  My son .. grandson .. and great-grandson . . all three are totally enjoying this game soooooo much.  I'm not any kind of a game player but it makes me feel so good just watching their enjoyment.  Thank you for a product that is not full of all that blood and gore that so many of the games have now days.
820	0	I bought this and the key didn't work.  It was a gift, and the recipient wasn't able to solve the problem.  It might have been a good game, but I never found out because the key failed.
794	1	I've played this game when I first got the Playstation around the year of 1997. First Mature rated game and after all of these years I return back to the dungeon to claim victory. Luckily, I did. Deathtrap Dungeon is not for the gamer who is use to FPS, Fighters or 3D Games that runs on the Quake Engine. This game is for collector's of games when they were in the early stages of become Platinum Hits in the world of gaming as of today. The game works fine but, keep in mind that when you order this game get ready for a journey and one heck of a challenge. Its not hard but, this is a game that you really need patience with.
430	1	I could knock a few stars off by going on and on about what they SHOULD have put into this game -a playable Princess, animal costumes, Fire Flowers, etc.- but such negativity could foolishly ruin such a great game. Super Mario 64 isn't perfect but it has the best damn gameplay of any action title. The worlds are massive with lots of vibrant colors, whacky enemies, catchy music, and most importantly, gameplay.The only downsides to this game are Mario's horribly annoying voice, an occasionally fussy camera, and the possibility of graining your N64 control stick when you fight Bowser. These minor neusances are mild though and they don't really hinder the gameplay. All other downsides merely point to the characters themselves: Mario speaks with a bad Italian accent voiced by Charles Martinet instead of his old Brooklyn one from the cartoon series. I also don't like the changes made to Princess Toadstool. Instead of the spunky redhead from the cartoon series, she seems more like a "dumb blonde" with a weird voice.Yes, this game is old but, like fine wine, games can get better with age.
902	1	lookin for a rpg? this is the game for you. filled with many hours of gameplay to find all the hidden items. casual gameplay, unless you try to collect everything, then it's hardcore. good controls and challenging puzzels give this game its rateing.
684	1	I absolutely love Tomb Raider. It is definitely my favorite game of all time. It has everything you need to make a wonderfully fun game. There is action and adventure, thriller, problem solving, and an entertaining story line. I love the challenge of the problem solving. It isn't a game you can finish in a couple hours, but take a long time to get through all of the different puzzles. You definitely get your moneys worth with play time on this game. It will always keep you thinking. I couldn't ask for a better game.
71	1	The story line for both the orginal Tomb Raider and Tomb Raider Anniversary are the same. I would consider the old Tomb raider is more harder then the new Tomb Raider Anniversary. If you like better graphics and such get Tomb Raider Anniversary. If you like harder challenge get the old version. Either one is both good on game play.
937	1	It's a classic, anyone that has a N64 should have this game.
814	0	First off I've only owned two Crash Games. The first Crash Bandicoot and Wrath of Cortex for the PS1. I played a demo for Warped on my Spyro the dragon game and wanted it ever since. I bought it on Amazon and its safe for me to say that...THIS IS THE CRASH I KNOW AND LOVE!^_^For those who don't know Crash Bandicoot first came out in the 90's as a standard, straight-forward platformer. You're a mutated Bandicoot named Crash who escapes from the evil mad scientist Dr.Neo Cortex and must go back to save your girlfriend. In Warped Dr. Cortex now works for Uka Uka (The brother of Aku Aku) an evil mask that wants to destroy crash and take over the world. He instructs Cortex to go through time and collect Crystals and Gems that hold extreme power. Crash has to literally race through time and jump, spin, and dance his way through time to retrieve them before Cortex gets ahold of them.This game is just as fun as the first one. It brought me back to a time where video games concentrated more on gameplay and content rather than graphics which games today seem to concentrate almost too much on. The controls are spot on. You can build momentum for jumps, move in any direction, and really I never had problems with the controls even in the first Crash. One thing I REALLY love about this one is that I don't feel bad when I die! This game has some really interesting death scenes rather you're forcibly kissed by a frog that changes into a prince, eaten by lions, thrown into the screen by a two-headed fat person, or so on. When I finish the game I plan on seeing how many ways I can die:) Some worlds replicate each other but are harder and take more and more skill to get through. The boss battles are really diverse and take strategy, timing, and skill to get rid of. I must confess I found the first boss and 2 worlds extremely easy. Its not until the 3 that the game just goes "F*** this! I'm gonna make your time a living hell"! Its still way easy so far compared to the first game though which really did what I said above. I also noticed something that first caught my attention in Wrath of Cortex. The game seems extremely open when it comes to lives. Seriously I'm not even half way through the game and all ready up to 50 almost. I guess I'm that good at playing. Im definately buying the second one.I admit I'm disappointed at the way the turn the series have made. I wish they kept it as a patformer and just added maybe some adventure elelments to it like they did Twinsanity (even though its glitchy as hell). Naughty Dog where did you go? Crash Bandicoot Warped is just what I expected it to be. Its funny, addicting, challenging and overall just shows graphics don't make the game, but its content and gameplay.
819	0	There isn't much you can say that is bad with this game. For it's time it  had excellent graphics, excellent game play and sound. This game is truly one in a million that I am sure any person can enjoy, BUT, if your a Zelda fan (and have played all if not most games from the beginning) you'll notice some of the things in OOT are recycled. For example, the Kakariko town music is completely recycled from Zelda: A Link to the Past. In fact this game borrows a lot from Zelda: A Link to the Past, though they do manage to change some things in OOT here and there. Still for what it's worth Zelda: OOT is still a pretty darn good game, though I think the story should have been more original.
792	1	I own all the Spyro games that Play Station has ever made. I would have to say that this game has advanges and disadvanges. Some good things about it is that this is the only Spyro game where you free the dragons. In the rest of the games, you help other people... It is funny and very interesting. ( Sorry, but I won't give the funny parts away. )The disadvanges is that you can't swim. In the other to games you can but in this game, if you touch the water you will die!!Another bad thing is that they don't have the cute characters like the other two games. I would buy Spyro 3 first and then buy Spyro 1. I think Spyro 3 has more stuff to do and has a better story line. I even think Spyro has a better voice. If you like all three Spyro's, try buying the Spyro pack. It is much cheaper than buying all of the games seperatly. Then you can decide which one is better!!
958	0	This is not a bad game to play. But I did not really like as much as I thought I would.
293	1	Mario Kart 64 is, without a doubt, one of the best games ever made for the Nintendo 64 (or any other system). Even today, 8 years after its original release, Mario Kart 64 is still amazingly fun. The controls are PERFECT- and I do mean perfect. The first time you go power sliding around a sharp turn, you'll see what I mean. The game is perfectly balanced- each character has strengths and weaknesses. Your skill determines if you come in first- not because you picked the best character. Oh, and I haven't even spoken about the brilliant course design. Every course has shortcuts, and special features, making them truely unique. The placement of the powerups is wonderful. And the multiplayer... Oh the multiplayer! One word: brilliant. Playing with your friends is exciting, competetive, and will have you laughing like crazy. This is what multiplayer gaming is all about. If the game does have one weakness, it is the graphics; being 8 years old, Mario Kart 64 doesn't stack up well against today's crop of games in terms of visuals. But when you're having this much fun with a game, do the graphics matter? No way!! Even if you own the Gamecube version of Mario Kart, you still owe it to yourself to pick up a copy of this timeless classic.
214	1	South Park the video game is all right. I don't think it's smash worthy but I really don't think it's flush worthy either because it did probably one of the smarter things and totally copied 007 GoldenEye and gave it a total South Park twist.As usual, weird stuff is happening around South Park like mad, killer turkeys are attacking the city, strange mutants are running around and crazy self propelled toys are out to get you as you take the baddest 8 year olds on the planet Stan, Kyle, Kenny and Cartman on this strange, vulger and very gratuitous journey.I gotta say it, the game was funny and it made me laugh all the way through, especially if you ran across the Terrance and Phillip bombs! Other than that, I really didn't feel there was much else besides all the cool codes (like all the weapons codes and stuff) and that you could be so many people in the multiplayer mode like Officer Barbrady, Mr. Mackey (M'kay), Terrance and Phillip and if you really wanted to, Starvin' Marvin.The story is really silly but then again, when is there an episode of South Park that isn't just plain out ridiculous? Exactly. The controls are pretty easy too. You can set it to GoldenEye style of control or for you advanced users, you can use a Turok type of control.I still gotta say that I wouldn't play it for it's story mode. Personally, I'd play it for it's multiplayer mode because that's what the game is really good at! That and I personally thought you could do a lot more in the vs modes rather than in the story modes.For you parents, most of the swearing is bleeped out but a few &quot;choice&quot; phrases are in there so give it a thought before you buy it for your kids. For those of you that don't have to worry about that, order a pizza, call over a few friends and throw on some South Park multiplayer. Have fun!
331	1	I got this game in '97 and it is still fun to play. Unlike the original Mario Kart for the SNES or the new Mario Kart Super Circuit for the GBA (both of these games you have to use a control pad to drive)you can use the control stick on the N64 controller ot drive your go-kart which is a hundred times easier than a control pad. The game is easy in the begining, but it hets much harder as you get closer to finishing it. The graphics are spectacular, and so is the music. In one course you can go off roading and drive around and look at Princess Toadstool's castle form Super Mario 64! The tracks are cleverly designed and all to often you'll find yourselft barely winning or completing a race. The game does offer a good challenge with eight drivers to choose from which onclude the following and their speed: Mario average, Luigi average, Peach average, Toad fast, Yoshi fast, Donkey Kong slow, Wario slow, Bowser slow. The speeds come to play in the later levels where only Toad and Yoshi are your best bet for first place. Again with the GBA and the Gamecube (which launched today as I am writing this) Mario Kart 64 is a must have for N64 owners who can't get the Gamecube or the GBA for now. Also each character has his or her own course and the game has race and battle multiplayer modes where in the battle mode each racer has three balloons arround his or her go-kart and everyone has to try to knock out everyones balloons. Have fun!
889	1	Love this game.  So much fun.  It is even better with the cheats.  One of the best games for the N64.  I can play this for hours apon hours.  I love this game.
603	1	I loved this game when I first played it (I still play it even today) the graphics where awsome, the sound was cool, the levels where all kinds of stratageys and the expansion pack worked great with it. The cheats to fly the falcon, tie fighters, naboo fighter ect all made the game even better. There is even a secret little mini game where you can control a Chicken Walker (AT-ST) and shoot up some droids and buildings in a small space.The only downfall is there is no way to get unlimited heat seeker rockets, so you have to turn on your unlimited lives cheat and keep commiting suicide to get more of those rockets to win within the selected times to get the gold medal to become a Jedi. And there is no nice video's to watch when you finally clock the game. It just shows a quick shot of the ships flying away and then the credits roll... it would be nice to have had a video type of thing like all through the game.Apart from that, this game rocked.. my the Shwartz be with you.
901	1	One of the games that made n64 so great, had graphics for the time, multiplayer all around fun and in my opinion one of the best games of it's time
836	1	All in all, this is the best platform game that I have played in a long time. Of course, it follows the basic formula of a platformer - kidnapped female, evil castle, jump on enemies, etc. But the reason the formula still exists is due to the fact that, occasionally, it works really well. Banjo-Kazooie is a case where the cliche works to perfection. Although we question Nintendo's blatant violation of the genetic cloning ban put in place by the president, they did so for a good cause, and a damn good game.
88	1	The game for its time was good both for its gameplay and its graphics. The game was one of the first demo games I played and it was tough, but later on I got the hang of it and passed it. It took me some time but in the end, it was well worth it.
652	0	I used to play this game as a kid, but my copy got ruined and i've wanted a new one ever since. I bought this one and could not be more pleased with it. works great, and a nice reminder of some of the fun I had when i was younger.
429	1	The level's are great and there is a lot to do to save the world in the nick of time before some bad happen's. YOU as bond. As you go into the game they are other bad guy's are trying to kill you as you try to save the world. HEY, buy this game, you will have a time of you life and trying to stay alive. Hey, it true it is a good game to play by yourself or two people, Hey go buy the game and find out what I'am talking about OK. I play it over TEN time because it GREAT to get into. By the away they are FOUR bad guy's are after you so run, run, RUN for your life well, just in the game, are you lucky. Don't spoil yourself over this game I have. KEEP YOUR COOL IN THE GAME SO GOOD LUCKY. PS, Your going to need it. There are easy levels and hard levels and there are very hard level's. Get ready for a big adventure to save the world. There are Characters in the game just like the movie is that cool or what??
203	1	Okay I first played this back when it first came out and back when the graphics were good.  Now, it is almost 11 years later and I still absolutely love this game although its graphics are old-school compared to say the Wii's graphics or PS3's.  But this game was good.  It was not easy for me but with a little practice I got better.  There is only one egg that still is a challenge for me to get and I don't remember the name of the sub-world it is in but it's the one with a whole bunch of trees.  I always forget where to turn/jump to get the height and speed I need to reach the egg.  But big deal, this game is how I remember Spyro and brings back fond memories.One reviewer had a good point when he said the dragons you release from the stone do give you some pretty redundant advice such as telling you how to glide after you just finished gliding to reach the little booger!  But you can interrupt them which I always do so no biggie.  The mini-games are fun and even though you don't have to complete them to finish the game there is a part of me that always has to complete the game 100%.  I will hunt down every gem, every egg and every pink egg from those annoying blue things you chase.This isn't the best Spyro game but it is among the top three.  The other two are the two that followed this one.  Insomniac knew how to make these games and I wish they'd make any others that come out because frankly, Universal, Vivendi, etc. ruined this series for me.
842	0	My nephew wanted an older gamecube game to play in our Wii. Once I purchased the game for him, we found out that the Wii controllers won't work with the gamecube games when played in the Wii. After doing a little research, I realized we needed the classic gamecube controller and a gamecube memory card. Once we got both of those, the gamecube game that we bought finally worked! After playing the game for a bit while being &#34;tethered&#34; to the Wii system because of the cable for the controller, we decided we needed extension cables to have a bit more freedom. So we got these controller extension cables. He is happy!
543	0	This game does seem a bit lacking after playing the other games in the franchise, but holds up well if you don't mind the graphics.Buyer beware.  Watch out for copies that don't read Greatest hits on.  Seems there was a bug that wouldn't allow you to get 100% in the game.  These copies alway have been known to wipe out your garage.
468	1	This game has crossed the "I Like You" line. It's just like the old one from NES, although, I know about the dungeons and the weapons because I have the old one. So, it's fun to play for a while until you get to the Water Temple, it gets confusing there. So, use the Player's Guide to cheat, so that you won't get stuck. I played a long time ever since it came out. It was the game that caught my eye and though I had to have the game. I am a Zelda fan and I hope that you have fun playing it as well. I just like to see Link grow up.
436	1	Go out and buy it and play it yourself and see what I mean ok. The level's are great and there is alot to do. The places that you go are in the mountain's lake's valley's and in cave's and a little ranch somewhere? Link lives in Kokiri Forest.In the game you have to get three stones somewhere. One in the Deku Tree and One in Goron City and One in the Zora's Domain. Some time in the game you will be older, by the time you look around the place will be dead.You as Link and you have to save the world form evil form the evil king name Ganondori and his evil plan's before it's too late. And save a beautiful princess name Zelda. And you get to meet other characters in the game too some are cool some are big and some are small.Buy the (The Legend of Zelda Ocarina of time Official Strategy Guide) it's a big help to me and you if you with it.Everything Revealed to YOU.PS. I know everything in the game do you. I PLAY IT AND I LOVE IT.
940	1	If you liked Full Trottle and love LucasArts' games in general, you'll love this game. It's one of the funniest games I've ever played. The way all the charters talk hispanic is enough to me laugh out loud. Manny  Calavera is the most likeable anit-hero you'll ever have the pleasure to  control, in this fantastic Land of The Dead adventure game. Who said the  adventure games was dead. Grim Fandango proofs them all wrong...
278	0	It is a fun game the first time around and it still is; having some problems with the movies running on my computer.Ronna C.
625	1	This game is pretty darn easy.  I beat most of the tracks with only a rental.  It's not near as tough as the SNES version.  Heck, the SNES version of Rainbow Road had no walls around the track and the track was thin to boot.  Rainbow Road is a cakewalk on this one.  Wide the whole way with walls all around.  Too darn easy.  However, there is a monster shortcut that's very dangerous to go for if you want to make things interesting.Even though it was too easy, I bought the game anyway.  It's fun to beat the heck out of these computer controlled suckers.  Plus I really like the game's ending.There is one hard level, the one with all of the traffic in the extra mode.  It can be very frustrating if you make a mistake, because you get run over again and again and again.  It usually takes away any hope of recovery.The most significant improvement over the SNES version is the time trial mode.  You can race a ghost of yourself after you've already completed the course.  The ghost is only a recording of your previous performance, but it gives you a lot more motivation to beat your old time, I assure you.I've never been into multiplayer modes, but if you're into that kind of thing, you'll REALLY love this game.  Some multiplayer matches can go on for a LONG time, since the levels are so well-designed.
282	1	Banjo-Kazooie is a strange platformer, but ultimately misses the mark in all key areas of being entertaining.  It tries to be funny without actually being exciting to play.  All the attention on humor and yet, the game itself is hardly ever fun.  This means children would probaly be able to overlook the games flaws and focus on the humor, which I'm sure was Nintendo's intentions- to market the game for kids and assume they wouldn't be able to detect the lousy game design.  I guess the Nintendo 64 struggling to make a profit at the time meant Nintendo had to do absolutely anything to try and get *any* type of crowd interested in their products despite the poor quality we're forced to persevere, so that explains Banjo Kazooie's existence.Anyway, Banjo-Kazooie is basically nothing but an item-collecting quest with graphics that are admittedly prettier and just better than 90% of the stuff the N64 was pumping out at the time.  The waters, grassy lands, mountains... everything is a beautiful sight to behold with crystal clear authentically pleasing environments.  But seriously, why am I basically doing nothing but walking around collecting items the entire time?  If you think "That's what ALL platformers do!" guess again: many of them focus on exciting enemy variety, diverse surroundings and a gradual increase in challenge which this game sorely lacks.  The only challenge is to avoid falling from high narrow platforms while collecting musical notes- these are dirty tricks and artificial challenges.  I found sharks you have to swim away from, crabs you can stomp on top of, and weird gigantic green enemies that come out of walls while you're trying to make your way across high paths without falling.  These enemies only appear like 10% of the time- the rest of your surroundings aren't very threatening.Let's see all the things you have to collect.  Honeycomb pieces, jiggy pieces (mandatory to open entrances to new locations and you need to obtain a certain number of them per world), 100 musical notes which is a total ripoff of Super Mario 64 with the 100 coins needed to get a star, mumbo tokens used to cast spells, and jinjo tokens used to win vehicle parts.  You can turn into animals and insects which is somewhat satisfying for the sake of seeing the occasional brief moments of diversity, but otherwise nothing to get really excited about.  Often you have to climb trees to reach the items on top and it gets boring after a while, believe me.Oh and the game is a victim of underwater tragedies- you're constantly adjusting the camera for a more appropriate angle but finding that it's much harder than it needs to be.  I will never understand why Nintendo refuses to fix water portions in 3D platform gaming.  It's mind-boggling.  They didn't even fix them in Super Mario Galaxy 2, a game released a good 10 years after Banjo-Kazooie.  The characters are all forgettable, including the ponytail-sporting female bear and Banjo himself.  Kazooie the bird is probably the only tolerable one of the bunch.Whereas the Mario series can be enjoyed by kids and adults respectively, Banjo-Kazooie is certainly intended solely for children and no other age group.  It's too shallow of a game overall to satisfy adult gamers.  Banjo-Kazooie is like walking into the nicest looking restaurant in town and everything is great except for one thing- you get a small quantity of food so you ask yourself "Is it worth my time to return here again?"
662	1	The original Tomb Raider was a landmark game for the Playstation and the start of a very long running series. It holds up well, but is a definite acquired taste.Tomb Raider begins with adventurer and treasure huntress Lara Croft being hired by business woman Jacqueline Natla to search an ancient cavern in Peru for a piece of the Scion, an ancient talisman of great power. However, after finding the piece, Lara is betrayed by Jacqueline's men. Now it's a race across the world to find the remaining pieces of the Scion before Jacqueline attains its mythical power. Tomb Raider is an early Playstation game, and unfortunately the graphics haven't aged very well. Although many set pieces in the game are very impressive all the levels tend to feel very samey. Despite this the game's length is impressive. There are over fifteen massive levels with hidden caches of ammo and first aid packs, giving you a great sense of exploration throughout the game. Lara moves in a very stiff fashion. Her controls are tank-like and You have to hold down a button for her to walk. She takes very long jumps, but running jumps have a delay that requires you to plan your jumps ahead of time in most cases. Fortunately there is a training mission where Lara instructs you on how to play in her home. The game is primarily a puzzle platformer. Each level contains a series of puzzles that will test your problem solving skills.Scattered throughout the many ruins and caves are vicious animals and hired goons all chomping at the bit to impede your progress. This is where combat comes into play. Lara starts off the game with twin pistols that have unlimited ammo. Through out the game you will find a variety of firearms, however these weapons do have limited ammo, but the pistols ensure you will always have a fighting chance in battle.The last gameplay feature to talk about is the process of saving your game. The PC version of the game allowed the player to quicksave wherever they wanted. The console versions of the game on Playstation and Sega Saturn do not have this luxury. You can only save with the use of crystals that are placed along the path you are intended to follow. Unfortunately, once a crystal is used it is gone. This makes it really difficult when you've got a very long stretch ahead of you and not much health. Some areas have multiple crystals forcing you to carefully plan how often you save.This game has many flaws, but it is a very rewarding experience. I would recommend the game for those expecting a challenge. The later games in the Tomb Raider series ironed out many of the issues experienced here. If you're curious about the beginning of the franchise you won't be disappointed, but maybe a little stressed.For classic PC gamers I'd recommend Tomb Raider: Unfinished Business. This is the original game plus two bonus missions with two new levels a piece.
898	1	this is a game that is perfect it is so fun to play at times when the sun gos down u can do a lot of stuff in this game its very cool its got 20 hole hours of this game there are good ponits in this game very nice game GREAT MUSIC better then zelda 2 for the n64 this game has much more to have even if u think u have gotton all moneys and more u have much more for this game it is a must have n64 game lovers u will want this MASTER GAME for your system.
732	1	I didn't use to be into Mario or Kirby but now I like them both as much as I like the Legend of Zelda series I still have many more games to purchase based on those 2 characters. But I think SuperMario 64 is a great story game a killer for the old games meant for the gameboy. So enjoy!
844	0	The product was just as the picture and works fine.  It is long enough to play comfortably at a distance.  There is no delay in control using this product.
33	1	Well, it seems that those idiots who gave TS a low rating was because they  thought TS reused Red Alerts units. That is completely wrong . TS is set in  a futuristic world with advanced units. Red Alert was a PREQUEL to the  original C&amp;C and was set throughout the Cold War. TS does not use  standard tanks and the new units were made as it would have been seen in  the year TS took place which was 2030. This is especially true with GDI and  there titans, disruptors, firestrom defense, rpg towers, MMK II and a whole  lot more. Nod has has the cyborgs, underground units, and and the banshee  aircraft etc. Now, are these the same units from RA, i dont think so.  Westwood retained a couple of units from the original C&amp;C such as the  devil's tougue and light tank but they upgraded the functions of these  units to please gamers. Nothing from this game was copied from RA- trust  me. As for Starcraft some say its better than TS and some say it isnt. I  personally hate that game. Its way more complex to understand than TS  simple interface, no deformidable terrain, you have to RIGHT CLICK to  deselect units (very awkward), structures take extremely long to build - as  well as units, those same structures look like they have legs(terran  barracks and engineering bay). I also have no idea what the storyline is  about (no real actors - jus  bad FMVs).I could name a whole lot more but it  would take up too much space in this review. The only single thing i like  is the marine responses which give u a good laugh now and then but it still  gets repetitive after a while which is common in almost all RTS games.  Sure, Starcraft is an original game with new features that pleases people  just like the old C&amp;C. some people ask for too much in a sequel and  when they find what they havent been looking for, they disgrace the game.  We'll see what sequel is in store for Starcraft but for now, if youre a  serious fan of C&amp;C's then pick up a copy of TS- you'll find an  intersting game with a whole bunch of new features including some old time  favs that would have remembered.
399	0	I used to own this game, and while it is not the game I miss most, I still do think about it from time to time. The visuals are very good for the N64's graphics engine, and the voice acting, though there isn't a whole lot, is pretty good. The control is a bit of a problem, as is the camera. However, this is not a big surprise, for it is the first time the series of Castlevania has been moved to the third dimension. Then again, other series didn't really have that much trouble in the third dimension (Zelda, Mario, Final Fantasy, Breath of Fire, etc.), but you can't always win, can you? The music is awesome (naturally-it's Castlevania!) The sound effects are also good. The boss design is highly unique as well, and most importantly, IT'S FUN! I bought it for a mere $20, and it was actually worth it. Though I have sold it, I might try and purchase a friend's copy. If you are looking for a game that is a bit more simplistic in design than the classic Castlevania titles, then this is your ticket for sure.
130	1	This game offers it all.  Shooting action, adrenaline pumping duck and dodge fire fights, rescue missions, covert action, gadgets, evil villains, story and plot, and a lot of weapons.  I reccomend this to any gaming fan.  Buy this game right now!  You don't know what you're missing if you don't.  The game also offers an incredible ammount of replay value with dozens of cheats that can be activated by getting record times in levels and also two levels that can be activated by beatin gthe game on different levels of difficulty.  All in all, a completely amazing game.  Buy it.  Don't hesitate.
127	0	Great game, but Perfect Dark is WAY better. If you really like Bond or you can find this game cheap somewhere you might want to pick it up, but if you're just looking for a good first person shooter or multiplayer game skip it and get Perfect Dark instead.
342	0	This game is so,so,so good! You can play it for hours and not get bored! If you are lonely or bored,get Spyro now,now now! It is so great,you'll adore it!
442	1	"Turok 2: Seeds of Evil" has a lot to love about it.  The music rocks.  The graphics are still quite good for N64 standards (especially if you have the Expansion Pak).  It controls just fine (get used to the C-button controls).  There's some good multiplayer.  It's a bloody, gory mess.  And the weapons are freaking awesome (just wait till you see the Cerebral Bore).But there's a big problem with it: DESIGNI'm not talking about the art direction or graphical look.  "Turok 2" is still a good-looking game with gruesome enemies and solid lighting effects.  But these levels are confusing as all hell, with the exception of the 1st one.  If we had a better story to go along with it, then maybe there'd be a reason to plow through.  But for whatever reason, Acclaim & Iguana decided to force the player to scour every inch of the 6 levels, and if you're stuck, you're stuck for good.You will be required to light beacons, find keys, and rescue children.  Again, Level 1 isn't so bad, but Levels 2-6 are gonna be a pain in the butt if you get lost.  The map you're given sucks.  And to make matters worse, you can't leave or quit levels once you've selected them.But if you're not too proud to grab a strategy guide or go online, then "Turok 2" will be more fun than perhaps some of us had back in 2000.  The combat is still a blast (although the final Primegen boss is impossible without cheat codes).  The presentation is sharp.  And the Turok world is still very unique from today's overload of military/war shooters."Turok 2" was one of the N64's most critically-acclaimed titles for the console, rightfully so.  But be warned, it'll test your gaming logic more than you expect.
821	1	Probably the most epic of the first generation of 3D platformers, and certainly one of the most well-known. With 120 stars to collect, you can spend quite a bit of time working up the perfect game. Just don't go for that &#34;unlocking Luigi&#34; nonsense. It was all an urban legend.
765	1	Even though this game is almost 15 years old and uses a modified Quake engine, it is still one of the most FUN and best shooters ever to be made. In fact all other first person shooters and games in general can learn from Half Life 1. The game world is extremely immersive. There are no level ends, there is no text to read, there are no scores and everyone talks to you without freezing you into a cut scene. All of this makes you feel less like you are a player playing a game, but you are indeed the hero Gordon Freeman. Characters recognize you, talk to you, and you can have them come with you or stay put. Security guards that come with you will shoot enemies (slowly).The story is that you are silent protagonist Gordon Freeman (you'll feel like him by the end) and you work for Black Mesa, your standard super secret facility. Something goes horribly wrong and uh. The formula is very simple, but they execute it so well that other games have copied it and failed (Doom 3). Needless to say you need to fight your way out through the facility, on the desert (being chased by a helicopter), and everything else would just be a spoiler. There are no levels, no loading screens. Loading is seamless and happens during downtime.Half Life 1 has simple controls and an optional tutorial level. There are buttons for jumping, crouching (sneaking), using your flashlight (that needs to be off to charge it), shooting, secondary shooting (for machine guns) and "using" things. The game is always in run mode and character speed seems to be fast. Too fast sometimes, but there is that sneak button that will slow you down.But how is the first person shooting? There is a wide variety of guns and each has a certain joy and usefulness to them. Even the simple pistol is useful for lesser enemies 8 hours into the game. There is a shotgun, a machine gun with grenade launcher, grenades, explosives you detonate, wall sensors with explosives, a harpoon, a laser guided rocket launcher that once it launches you point your cursor and it will turn accordingly, lasers, homing missiles, head crabs and more. An amazing array that you continue to get even up to the final levels areas. To swap weapons you push 6 number keys and press some keys twice to access some weapons like the shotgun / machine gun / harpoon.You start with a crowbar good for breaking grates, and destroying boxes. Destroying boxes is how you will find most items and ammo. Instead of just finding things scattered on the floor, on shelves or on a desk you need to bash open boxes to find the good stuff. You can also push or pull the boxes too which is nice for puzzle solving and platforming.The enemies are just as diverse and each one requires you to think and act differently. Since I don't know the name of any enemy I'll fumble through this. The start enemies are lesser creatures that will start on the floor and jump at you. 2 shots from a pistol take them out. There are zombie-ish aliens that take a shotgun or two, but they are easy enough to avoid. Aliens that teleport in and beam electricity at you will cause you to hide, pudgy little alien crawler / hoppers will make you shoot from a distance because they will send out a small shockwave. Standard soldiers that will shoot machine guns, throw grenades and coordinate attacks against you like flanking. Ceiling huggers that are yucky red globs on the ceiling with long rope like tongues that when they catch you, you'll be pulled up and eaten... if you don't shoot them. Giant aliens with homing missiles too. There is a wide variety of enemies and bosses. I can't list them all.The game also shines with its tricks and traps and will throw a puzzle or challenge at you to keep you thinking. But in this game it doesn't feel like a puzzle or a challenge. It seems natural. There can be a hidden turret where the fun is making your choice how to take it out... Grenade, explosive, shooting it and getting shot in the process, running by it or just not hitting the trip wire to start it in general. Wall sensor explosives, push and pull box puzzles, pushing buttons, hopping hanging boxes over a pit, conveyer belts, using a sky cannon to destroy walls, using turrets, on rails vehicles that you have a lot of control over, water puzzles, high jump pads and so on. There is a lot of variety and it's never the same thing twice.To sum it up, this is a diverse and VERY FUN game. It has a sense of humor to it and you'll feel like you are Gordon Freeman through the game's well crafted immersion. Puzzles, shooting and challenges all melded together into one fantastic game and I can't say that too often.
81	1	Here's a cool trick!(you have to have the 2nd key you get from Bowser)Topic:Snowman has your hatSent in from:AnubisGet your blown off by the big snowman. Don't pick your hat up at all. Instead go get a star (It dosn't have to be a new star)and save and turn off N64. Wait 10 seconds.....now turn N64 back on.Go back to that level and one of the little snowmen that pops out of the snow will have Mario's hat on their head.
788	1	Great game! I love the storyline and graphics, as well as the fighting style. Minus the super long time it takes traveling the ocean, this game is a blast, and a must-have for any fan of the Zelda franchise.
954	1	I love this game. I have overall, like I said, 4 out of 5, highly recommend it to anyone who loves great games and platformers.
154	0	The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is the greatest game in the entire Legend of Zelda video game series.  Period.'Nuff said.
507	1	Yeah this is one of the classics that blew away everyone (N64 MAGAZINES got better because of it!!!) and bonded friends and family for years on end. There was no other game like it. Empire magazine started writing better games reviews because of it. This was a mental good multiplayer in 1997. We all played this side by side for years. I can't say I have played anything quite like it since. Golden Eye N64. Yeah, those where the days!!! I remember this left Playstation 1 owners in awe.
490	1	This is this is the first strategy game I have ever liked that I played, so maybe I'm partial to it ... but I love it!  I don't understand why some  people are so crushed when their &quot;favorite&quot; game series puts out  a bad game.  It's not that big of a deal.  For all you Red Alert buffs, Red  Alert 2 will be out soon so chill out for a minute.  There are a ton of  different strategies to play this game with so it becomes extremely  addictive.  Once you get the basics down ... the sky is pretty much the  limit on strategies you can use so this adds replay value to the game.  It  will definitely keep you busy until the next installment by Westwood.  The  online play is great and easy to use.  I haven't even played the single  player game because I just can't get enough of the online play.  So unlike  the other people who are saying they hate it (but they probably still play  it often), I like it an awful lot.
943	1	If I could have give 6 stars for this game, I would have.  I played this originally when it first came out in 1996.  Back then, games such as Resident Evil and Tomb Raider were ground-breaking milestones in entertainment known as video games.  I won't talk about Resident Evil here because everyone knows about that.Tomb Raider was the first game to give players control of a character in a true 3D environment.  Sure, you had games like Doom and Wolfenstien, but they played only on a single plane with your character spinning on an axis.  Tomb Raider allowed you to control Lara, the feminine version of Indiana Jones, an use the environments such as cliffs, roofs, etc. to progress through the levels.  Level design in Tomb Raider is really what the game is centered around.  Beautiful, stunning, breath-taking, eerie, surreal, all describe the level design here.  Nothing short of ingenious.The game mechanics and control of Lara were never the best, but they were also adequate to get the job done.  Lara spins on a fixed axis when the player turns left and right, and forward makes her run in the direction she is facing.  Turning can sometimes be a chore, especially when the action is turned up a notch.  Luckily, the circle button makes Lara do a somersault tumble, for a quick &quot;about-face&quot;.  The shimmying and climbing from ledge to ledge and jumping has always been amazing.  Combine that with sliding down angular rock formations and time jumps and grabs to ledges, and you are bound to fall in love with the action that Eidos developed (NOTE: This kind of mechanics shined most for me in this game as opposed to all the predecessors, including Angel of Darkness for PS2.  This kind of action became less and less as the series went on, save for Last Revelation, maybe).  The swimming sequences and puzzles are also a really wonderful treat as well.There are plenty of surprises in this game that I don't want to give away, however, I will tell you that some of the levels in the game will stick in your memory for a long, long time after.  For example, &quot;The God Room&quot; of St. Francis' Folly has got to be one of the best and most memorable and beautiful levels of any game that I've played.So why am I writing this review now, 7 years after the release date?  For a few reasons.  First, being that I can't get the game out of my head for more than a few months.  Every six months I go back to it.  The second reason, is that when I bought a PS2, I knew I would be playing the original Tomb Raider again and wanted that backward capability.  And THIRD and quite possibly the most important (and the reason I titled this review &quot;Dear Eidos&quot;) is that Angel of Darkness was the single reason that I sold my PS2 for an X-Box.  At first I enjoyed AOD, but the game has rampant problems.  I've always welcomed a new Tomb Raider game in my life and gave AOD more than one chance.  I loved all the other PS1 Tomb Raider games, including III, which got a lot of harsh and unwarranted criticisms in my mind, but whatever.  I hated AOD and want Eidos to know that.  And FOURTH reason is that I repurchased the new and compact PSOne last week.  I still own my Tomb Raider from back in the day.  Last night I played it and the magic was back like from the first time I played it.  Sure the graphics feel older, but they are by no means bad at all considering that I play games like Halo, Crimson Skies, Prince of Persia, and Rainbow Six 3 on the X-Box.  There will always be a large place in my geeky video-gaming heart for this true classic.EIDOS: TAKE THE POWER BACK!
383	1	This game is a good way on getting at the helm of the RMS Titanic and I am very well satisfied with it. I do hope that any of you who does decied ot buy it will also enjoy it.
431	0	I'm revising my earlier review. i had only rated my transaction 3 stars previously due to shipping problems. After the seller contacted me to do what they could to help with the problem I have to reconsider. They contacted me promptly and went above and beyond in their effort to make me happy. Thank you. This was the second case I've purchased and would recommend it to anyone. Thanks again.
607	1	Super Mario 64 is a great game and is what I would call the best platforming game of all time.PROS+ Memorable music and imaginative courses.+ Game play is always straightforward and never confusing.+ 120 stars to collect for long playing time.+ Graphics were great back when it was made, and is not painful to look at now.CONS- While this game does have replay value, you aren't compelled to play again after you beat it. Give it a while and you will definitely want to play again.This game was not too hard for me, and I beat it when I was in the single-digits as a child. That given, it shouldn't be too hard for any age. Buy this game now if you haven't ever played it, since it is one of those video games you have to beat.
465	1	I just don't understand those who want to give this game low marks. This is a game that when modified with the numerous free online downloads is as good a game as any out there.To start this game is a sequel to command and conquer not red alert which is the much more popular westwood game. That was a problem for some who just assumed that westwood would come out with a red alert sequel first. Never the less there are features in this game that improve upon the original. The original CnC did not allow for skirmish play against the Al opponent only missions. This game does allow multiplayer play and the Al is very  competitive at the more difficult levels.  There are some other small extras as well such as more colors to choose from and the oppportunity to make a map right at the game menu. Just set your specifications and it makes a map that's meets those specs. One new feature i love is the option for a deployable mcv. This allows you to start a base and then move your command center to another area. This game is also much more strategic then the originas CnC. The maps are spectacular with many cliffs, ridges and rivers and lakes. No game has better maps and terrain. I wish i could say the same about the units though. While the structures are creative and attractive the units look down right bizarre and cartoonish. Some may like this but i don't. The colors of the units and structures are rich and  pleasant but some units are too strange looking to enjoy. The infantry look alright but the tanks take some getting used to. Another unfortunate aspect of the game is that the nod is given the more strategic interesting units. The gdi has more size and firpower while the nod is more sneaky with it's burrowing apcs and missles. One feature i like is the infantryman. The disc throwers for the gdi or the rocket guys for the nod have armor that makes them much more competitive in battles than a rocket guy or grenade guy in red alert. You can't just run over these infantrymen. A group of 10 disc throwers can do serious damage to a camp if allowed to sneak in or they can quickly do away with a harvester. The basic play is bascially the same as CnC or red alert but there are enough new features here to make it a worthwhile purchase at $20.Overall i would rate the stock tiberian game that comes from the store as a 3.7 to 3.8 stars. A good solid game. What makes this a truly great game is the numerous free downloads and upgrades available both at westwood.com and many other sites. On the program menu for the game is an upgrade option from westwood that helps to work out some of the bugs and improves the game. In addition there are literally dozens of web-sites devoted entirely or in part to this game that provides an incredible array of free downloads that provide game modifications, new maps, units and game tips ect. Also included are opportunites to join klans and clubs, things that really enhance the enjoyment of the game. One download called &quot;resistance 2.0&quot; will add 50% more speed and firepower and will double the number of units and structures. You can find this download at tsden.com. It is these additional modifications and options that convert a good game into a fantastic game. These upgrades and downloads are absolutely free and require very little time, effort or computer savyness to add and if you're ambitious you can do your own modifications.The only complaint i would have of my modified game is that there is no navy. All these wonderful maps with water but no opportunity to make destroyers or crusiers like in red alert or total annililation..................socks
345	0	They work fine but i feel like they have a little lag to the controls when i use it on my controller. And out of the two, one is already ripping. They get the job done but i dont think they will last very long.
852	1	15 years later, still a great game.This is a classic in every sense of the word.It not only redefined the Mario Franchise. it redefined 3D gaming.It is a must have it you still own a N64.
764	1	For anyone who was a fan of video games, they remember the year of 1996:The Playstation made waves and drew many Nintendo fans away with its 32-bit graphics and CD based games. For the first time, Nintendo was being challenged on its own ground and they had to answer Sony with a console of its own. After they put the Super Nintendo system to rest, they went to work and released the Nintendo 64 to the public. The odds were against them because with only two launch titles to choose from, early adopters had to either pick Pilotwings 64 (a good game) or Super Mario 64. This game was the reason Nintendo's console immediately flew off the shelves and showed that Mario can make the jump to 3D and it was fun doing so.I'll make my review short because other reviewers had covered the basics and importance of Super Mario 64. It stars Mario in an open world where each stage is contained within various paintings scattered through Princess Peach's castle. The storyline is pretty typical by now: King Bowser kidnaps the princess and you jump in to rescue her. The graphics are colorful, bright and were a breakthrough in video game technology at the time. The controls are perfect and take almost no time to get used to. It's a pretty challenging game so expect to replay certain stages over and over again. So why did I give it 4.5 stars? The camera is not perfect but back then, getting the camera to work in any open world style game was difficult to program. It always centers behind you but sometimes gets a little wacky when you go up ledges or around corners. It gets annoying after awhile but you learn to tolerate it.What made this game groundbreaking was that games of this type proved to be a challenge to make and to make it fun as well is really the main goal. Super Mario 64 exceeds this and was a commercial success with gamers and gained much critical acclaim from reviewers of virtually every gaming publication. Those who say didn't like were in the minority and for reasons that were just too petty and silly. While gaming has changed tremendously since 1996, this game shows that the platform genre was at one point the kind of games that everyone wanted to play. And now, you can either track down the cartridge or get this for the Nintendo DS. So if you haven't played this, take a look for yourself as to why many gamers loved to play this game. I highly recommend it.
463	1	This is the 2nd best Nintendo 64 game to date right behind Golden Eye 64. We all know that Golden Eye 64 is impossible to top, but this comes damn near close.Zelda Ocarina of Time is a classic. Five stars plus. Matter of fact this is the best Zelda release I have ever played. And I have played them all.The graphics really show what the Nintendo 64 is capable of putting out along with other classics like Mario 64 and Golden Eye. The graphics are amazing and are top notch.The storyline is even better. Most good RPGs have more than just one single character. This game however only has Link and still manages to become a classic like most of the other Zelda titles. No this game is no Final Fantasy IIV, but in a way this game is better. Maybe not as long, but the storyline is a little bit more creative and catchy.Ocarina of Time offers a little bit more &quot;extras&quot; than the previous Zelda titles have to offer. You can collect extra items along the way for personal score to see how good your discovering ability is, and not just finding pieces of hearts. There are so many secrets with this game.I would suggest you dont use the strategy guide until you have completed the game. If you do, then you are cheating yourself and making the game not even worth playing. Beat the game and then look at the guide to see what you have missed.Overall, I spent a lot of time on this game. I could have beaten it a lot faster, but that wouldnt be any fun, because the fun part is discovering the secrets within the game itself.Buy the game and see for yourself. This isnt exactly a hard challenge of a game, but it isnt exactly that simple either. Just right. Get it today!
503	1	This is a great game if you are prepared to accept that this game really wasn't meant for the N64. The game has numerous slowdowns even if you have an expansion pak on the N64. Not everywhere, but anytime there are a bunch of explosions or a whole horde of enemies are following you then you will have some sorta slowdown. Now onto all the pros of this game.I witnessed this game before I played it. My friends were playing it when I was like 11 or so and this game scared me to death. I thought Reptoids and Endtrails were the scariest monsters ever. Capturing children not knowing what they were going to to do to them. This game saids its rated "M", but you really should play this when you are a kid. It's a whole lot scarier when you're a kid. Not so much when you're an adult. Either way this game gives off a very unsettling atmosphere. If you want a mindless shooter like the original Turok this game is not for you. The antagonists actually have a story this time.The enemy AI is very realistic. The monsters react with the precise speed and vitriol that makes sense.The graphics were probably the best graphics on the N64. Again, the N64 version has slowdowns, but at the time these were the best graphics we've ever seen in a video game and I still quite beautiful in retrospect.This game also have a variety of very orginally designed monsters. The raptors and Purrlin are still here, but they are way cooler and better equiped this time. You fight genetical engineered dinosoids, zombies, Purrlin (big apelike creatures), insects, spiders, cave dwellers (The Blind Ones), worms, a fat bitch that comes near the end, and even robots. All look bad ass looking and ready to kill you.The death animations are some of the best death animations ever made in the history of video games. In this game you litteral can blow someones head off, or a limb, or a whole torso.The weapon choice is also top notch. I'm sorry, but the Cereberal Bore was the coolest weapon ever thought of. That's just my opinion. There's just nothing better than locking onto an enemies head, shooting a bore, the bore drains the cereberal fluid, and then explodes when it reaches the center. Coolest weapon ever made. The Razorwind is also cheap as hell.I really can go on and on about how good this game is. This is probably my favorite FPS next toDoom both which are tied for first.
162	0	This game is fun, but it is very overrated. It has not aged very well, and the game feels sloppy, compared to how revolutionary it was when it came out.
542	1	I got this game because every person said it was the best game ever. For 1998 it is, but now it's just good. Not as good as wind waker or twilight princess. The level design is good. Parts are 3d, others are resident evil camera. In short it works okay, but I screwed up many times becaus of it. the graphics were good several years ago, but now they are muddy and polygonal. Aside from that, it's zelda. Nothing new. If you buy it, don't expect it to live up to all the hype.
17	1	I'll recommend Spyro to anyone, fun enemies and worlds, and awesome concepts. Graphics aren't the best of course, but the gameplay is so addicting, collecting gems and freeing your fellow dragons. Must-have for a Playstation 1 collection.
550	1	i played this game when i was about 15, and i'm now 24 and still love it to the death (literally). I have a blast shooting other things other than just people and watching bullet holes go into the items and how it looks so freaking real. I also have always loved how you can choose many different people in 2 player mode, such as 007 to scientist. The golden gun is the coolest because it only takes on shot to kill, but if you like a really smashing good time, you can always punch or cut your way out. A must have game for the 64 :-)
999	1	Tomb Raider 2 is my absolute favourite PlayStation game of all-time! I bought the game in December 1997, around the same time I got my PlayStation. But I never really liked Tomb Raider 2 and only managed to get halfway through the first level, before forgetting about it for a while. Four years later, in the summer of 2001, I dug it out again and decided to give it a go with the help of a strategy guide. What a shock I got!After the phenomenal, worldwide success of the original Tomb Raider in November 1996, the Eidos Interactive guys put together the sequel, which, in a rare case, surpasses the original with flying colours. To save the game in the first, you had to find a crystal before continuing, wheras in Tomb Raider 2 you have the ability to save the game whenever you feel like. This comes as a great help, especially before taking off into a running jump over deep caverns and steep slopes. Lara also has much greater weaponary comapred to the last game. The first game featured Pistols, Shotgun and Uzis - that was about it. But with this game, you get weapons such as the Grenade Launcher and an M-16 Assault Rifle. While Tomb Raider 1 focused more on enemies in animal form, Tomb Raider 2 has a more worldly feel because the foes are mostly human. But the most notable change on Tomb Raider 2 is the welcome addition of vehicles. Tomb Raider featured none what so ever, but Tomb Raider 2 has a wide variety from the enjoyable speedboat in Venice and the snowmobile in Tibetian Foothills. Lara also took advantage of a make-over. The graphics where background scenery is concerned is still the same as the first game, but Lara herself has changed a lot; her hair is no longer tied in a bun, but flows freely down her back in a pony tail. The reason this wasn't featured in the first game is because the technology wasn't good enough for her hair to be in a pony tail - they couldn't get it to move in motion with her body (rather silly when you think about it now). Lara also possesses the ability to climb certain surfaces. The improved engine also served better lighting facilities, which allowed Ms Croft the ability to wield flares whenever she finds herself in dark areas. When it comes to the levels, the highlights are Venice, Offshore Rig, Tibetian Foothills (short but sweet - involves driving to one end of a road over pits to find a key, before driving all the way back to open a door that allows you to exit and begin the next level), Barkhang Monastery (HINT: Whatever you do, DON'T shoot the monks, they are here to help! They will dispatch any henchmen who try to kill you so you don't have to kill them! Accidently shoot one, and you'll have hundreds of monks trying to kill you!) and Temple of Xian.OVERALL GRADE: 10/10Tomb Raider 2 is, in my opinion, the greatest PlayStation game there has ever been. Yes, the graphics are laughable now because they have come so far since - especially on the PlayStation 2 and X-Box, but it all boils down to how enjoyable the game is. And in that category, it is still the most enjoyable and exciting game ever. Hundreds of titles try to replicate the suspense and adventure that is seen in the Tomb Raider games and fail miserably. Buy this now from Amazon - it'd be a shame not to and to ignore it would be missing out on one of the most classic video games of all time...
775	1	you run around,look for extremely hard to find switches and wander some more then well you know look for switches and well you then its ummmmm wander some more.then somewhere in the midst of all this maddening insanity,a cool monster will jump out and you get to waste his butt with a dynamite lased arrow.then its back to the wandering.
504	1	This is one of the best games out for the N64.  The races and tournaments themselves are challenging and extremely fun.  The many characters that you can unlock all have their own abilities and everything else to set them aside.  The tracks are not repetitive and give each race a fresh new layer of fun.Multi-player is an even better experience...Who could imagine that battles with cars and turtle shells would actually be fun?  Well it is fun and will keep you playing for hours on end.  This game will make your friends ask if they can come over and play.  A sure hit with a gamer of any age.
882	1	i didn't like this game when i first saw it at E3, but when i went back  and played it, it turned out to be pretty good. Not too many boss monsters  (i hate those things), some of the monsters are rather agile, the weapons  are new, the graphics are extremely pretty (nice colors, great water), you  can configure all sorts of things, there are some good guys to help you out  (they show you hidden goodies) and the game makes a lot of effort to be  stable. Hey, they even have a story and little logs you can read to get a  feel for the story.It's not as story-scripted as Half-Life (but then, it  doesn't have the awful Xen world either), and many people prefer the  realistic weapons of Quake to the unusual ones of Unreal. i like the  built-in bots in multiplayer (i think this was the first game to ship with  them), but i'm told the net play is really slow
458	0	This game is bug landFirst had problems installing because it required some windows market software. Then it did not have any voice sounds. Then it was running on windowed mode only. Now, everytime I end a track it just crashes the computer (BSoD).I give up. Codemasters, next time, dont rush a game out just because you have to. Test the game! If not for yourself for Colin himself. If he was alive he would be embarrassed.And don't buy the game using Steam because if it does not work, Steam will show you the finger :)
945	1	I love all the Mario Kart games, this one has some of the coolest tracks.  Yoshi Valley is the best track I've ever played and the graphics are pretty good too.  Small selection of characters (if you've got the one for Gamecube) but still a blast.  Awesome 1 player or multiplayer game, a must have for parties!  Good anytime and that's hard to find.
626	1	An interesting aspect of the Final Fantasy series was that all of the games were essentially an experiment. The first game was the ultimate experiment: will this game succeed or will Square go under? But each game was a stage in development.FF- Choosing party, and character sprites in battle(Before that, the Dragon Warrior games had battle head-on)FFII- wound-developable characters(Romancing SaGa later employed this, when you survive near death your hp goes up, when you fight alot attack goes up, etc.)FF3J- simple job system (completely changes characters, no permanent skills)FF4- Changing characters (a dark knight becomes a paladin)FFV- Advanced job system (level up with one of the non-command skills to default class, and you permanently learn it, for instance the run skill you can learn from the thief, and then de-equip it)FFVI- basic GF system (mainly just boosts skills)FF7- basic weapon systemFF8- GF systemFF9- I heard it had some sort of advanced weapon system where different weapons learn different magic, never bought the gameLikewise, the plot in each was experimental. They fiddled around with the crystal concept in FF1, FF3J, FF4, FFV.  They had ruthless kings, dark overlords, and the occasional malicious squid. But the most intense game I have played so far was Final Fantasy 7. Why? Well, when halfway through the game your character doesn't even know who he is anymore, it is pretty interesting.  Not to mention you have combos to build, chocobos to raise and race (never was good at this), and some pretty weird items to collect (I mean honestly, what other game has you give some girl digestant in exchange for perfume and a dress for your male character to wear).
309	0	MY NEPHEW IS HAVING A BLAST PLAYING MARIO AGAIN. THANK YOU HE PLAYS IT ALL THE TIME AFTER SCHOOL, ITS HARD FOR ME TO TAKE HIM AWAY FROM THE GAME
848	1	...for it's timeGoing back and replaying this game is weird and fun. it's fun to see how bad the graphics were, and how you didn't see it that way back in the day.considering how easy it is to buy old games, this is a must buy!
428	1	I spent a week trying to get a grasp of the controls for this game.  I'm a true Batman fan and even I had to put this game down after several attempts.  It was either too dark so you didn't know where the character was going or you couldn't establish enough control of the game to fight the bad guys.  Not real crazy about the commute to the crime location as well, it was hard to locate where you were going, unless you are the true dark knight who knows every inch of Gothem City.  Unfortunately, the writers expected us to know as well.
264	1	The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of time is the best zelda game there is! You go from being a kid, to being an adult! Link must beat five temples as an adult, the forest temple, the fire temple, the water temple, the shadow temple, and the spirit temple. The bosses are awsome, and all the characters are cool!
364	1	This game has all the violence and language of the current popular Grand Theft Auto games packing into a convenient 2D package! :)
55	1	THQ's second American release is a huge leap in graphics from the original "World Tour" Dozens of wrestlers from the NW0, WCW, Raven's Flock, cruiserweights, heavyweights and some of which are made up for the game. The great thing about this game is it was back in WCW's hay-day when it had talented wrestlers, like Jericho, Benoit, Malenko and Raven, more talent means more moves, more moves means more fun. The only real modes other than battle royals, and handicapped matches are a series of championship tournaments to go through in a specific weight / talent class. There are incredible looking arenas even with an isle to brawl in and weapons that you can pull from the crowd and bring into the ring. The unfortunate part about this game is that it is dated, and it moves very slowly compared to Wrestlemania2000 and No Mercy.
157	1	Though Wolfenstein 3-D and the Doom franchise had come and gone long before its time, Goldeneye for the Nintendo 64 grabbed the First Person Shooter genre and ran with it for what seemed like miles and miles. Forget a touchdown, this game ran the ball for fifteen hundred yards, with three interceptions and a dozen field goals. Nothing on a home console was even close to its league. And even today, in the afterglow of behemoths like Halo, Metroid Prime and a limitless roster of PC shooters, the game holds up surprisingly well considering its limitations.It's difficult to call any game "perfect." No matter how original, how exciting, how breathtaking it may look, sound, play or feel, there remain a couple frustratingly overlooked areas, and Goldeneye is no exception. Most notably poor are the one or two levels which feature a limitless stockpile of enemy soldiers. No lie, I've memorized the layout of a base from start to finish, known there's nowhere these soldiers could be coming from, and watched as dozens and dozens miraculously appear from thin air to resume their fallen brothers' attack. It makes strategy an impossibility and frustrates the player to their wits' end. In addition, there's the small matter of dead or dying enemy soldiers who stand in the way. Every once in a while, an armed adversary will take a head shot and then stand, blankly staring, for several moments before slowly dropping to the floor. This wouldn't be such a bad thing if the other soldiers' bullets couldn't pass right through him. So you'll often find yourself firing into the chest of a dead man, a futile attempt to get at the soldiers behind him, all the while taking fire from those still breathing on the other side of his body. Despite my small misgivings however, 99% of this game plays flawlessly. The progression of difficulty is astounding, moving from the relatively easy early levels to a series of seemingly impassible stages near the cart's conclusion. And it's all done while walking that razor's edge between being excessively cheap and being overly giving. The player realises these missions are possible, even as he's watching Bond die for the twelfth time in as many minutes.Add to all that three difficulty levels, cheats that must be unlocked with speed, precision and overall know-how, hidden stages and hidden characters. Not only do you have a legendary FPS, you've also found nearly limitless replay value. Goldeneye is more than just a very good game, it's the stuff legends are made of. It's a game you'll want to play with your grandkids years from now.Hands down, the most attractive part about Bond's N64 debut, even today, is its controls. The Nintendo 64 controller was seemingly created exclusively for use with 007's repertoire, as every button is in precisely the right place for its function. It truly is the kind of thing that takes five minutes to learn and a lifetime to master. The center grip of the N64 controller seems to BECOME the handle of a silenced PP7, Bond's revolver of choice. The "Z" button is a perfect trigger, and if you've purchased a Rumble Pack you can even feel the weapon kick back when you fire. Strafing is done effortlessly with the right hand, as is crouching and adjusting the zoom of a sniper rifle. No control system has ever felt so immersive, so right. After the first level, you hardly recognize the controller is there, it's already become such an extension of your own body. I can't sing any higher a praise than that.If you've seen the feature film of the same name, you'll notice some eerie similarities. Everything, from the writing on a wall in the city to the placement of the soldiers deep within a Russian bunker is precisely as it was seen on the silver screen. It's honestly unsettling, how well the level designers did their jobs. Ever wondered what was behind that last bathroom stall in the film? You'll get your chance to find the answer on the N64. It's an experience I can't really put into words, something I'd never seen before and haven't seen since. It's a level of perfectionism that has yet to be matched in a video game adaption.Finally, there's the multiplayer aspect of 007. While the single-player mode is challenging, unique and groundbreaking, multiplayer is absolutely unreal. I had the good fortune of living in a large college dorm complex at the time this game was first released, and thus experienced more multiplayer Bond than I'd wish on anyone. There were literally lines leading into my room, just for the chance to grab one of our four controllers and get into the action. It was an addictive community event, whenever that little red light on the front of our N64 lit up. Truly something special. With multiple modes of play, a handful of playable levels, some hidden surprises and dozens of options, you were guaranteed to never play the same match twice, and it didn't take much for the lighthearted action to become a cold-hearted war. In a time and place where four player deathmatches are a no-brainer, it's hard to imagine a game that pioneered the field. Goldeneye blazed that path, and did so in style. It cleared out the weeds, flattened the hills, and paved the roads that Halo drives its way across today. Truly, the game was revolutionary and it still plays as such.In short, Goldeneye is almost reason alone to own a Nintendo 64, even today. There's a charm about it that can't be described, a realism and authenticity that goes beyond the aging graphics and occasionally slow gameplay. It's got the look and feel of a legend, and that's exactly the word I'd use to describe it. While there are certainly flaws, this is a game you'll kick yourself for never owning in a few years, when it becomes increasingly difficult to track down.
939	1	When I first heard of a Mario Kart game comming out for Nintendo 64 I was overjoyed to realize that they would keep up on such an awesome Super  Nintendo game.  To my amazment, the game came to the 64 with nothing but  crisp graphics and pre-rendered characters abound.  However, where there  comes the good side of all this, there is a bad side; some of the  characters in the game, in fact, cheat to win.  Now I'm not sure why this  little feature was allowed, perhaps to make it more challenging or give us  more reason to throw the controller at the wall when Mario suddenly jumps  out in front of you.  However, you can master there cheating ways by  learning how to outwit them at their own game.  Find shortcuts and other  things that can aid you in your race for the finish.  From cheating to  graphics and music I must say that the graphics are quite impressive for  such a game made so early on.  The music is also amazing, with hummable  tunes that will get you in the mood to race, or the mood to hit Wario off  the side of a moutain just to here him scream.  The sure thing to do now is  to buy the game, because it is a classic and always will be.
689	0	DiRT 2 was like this.  I'm becoming more & more suspicious of games like this that require a continuous open Internet to play.  It just seems like bait set out for some young naive prey to fall for.  Does anyone honestly believe that personal information is collected for no particular reason?  I don't care what they say publicly.  Any assurances of privacy protection are quite hollow without close oversight, and nobody's looking.  It's quite a different thing to knowingly step out into a multiplayer server where you know you're being tracked, but this type of continuous spying is something more.  That aside, this carrot on a stick has more problems than just security.CONS - Requires open Internet (Windows Live) to play.  Annoying interface.  Continuous reminders to upload and download things you already selected not to do.  Most settings don't keep between sessions.  Setting up a race takes way too long.  Irritating "music" you can't turn off (it keeps coming back).  Takes too long to unlock things.  Entire career mode is pointless when the game setup is so irritating I just wanted out.  Video stuttering (possibly my equipment).PROS - Eye candy.  Plenty of game modes.  Enough tracks to get going.  Fairly good variety of cars.  Scaled difficulty levels from casual to advanced.I think this franchise, like many others, continues soley for the purpose of farming user information; where it seems the real money is.  If I can't turn it off, and some else controls the on-off switch, that's a problem.  Sometimes it might be worth it, but not here.  I found some entertainment value, but very briefly.  Anyway,  just my opinion...
421	1	LucasArts has really outdone itself with this great N64 game.  After Shadows of the Empire was released, it quickly became obvious that the best level in the game was the first level, where you are flying a Rebel Airspeeder during the Battle of Hoth.  LA decided to make a whole game using a similar concept, and Rogue Squadron was born.  You play as Luke Skywalker, leader of Rogue Squadron, a group of elite rebel pilots who roam the galaxy, making life difficult for the Empire and its minions.  You play through 16 basic missions, which together form a loose plot chronicling the adventures of Rogue Squadron during the time between the destruction of the first Death Star and The Empire Strikes Back.  The missions range from simple search-and-destroy missions, to escorting supply trains, to freeing rebel soldiers from Imperial prison facilities.  Along the way, you must learn to handle a variety of rebel craft, from the X-Wing to the Airspeeder.  Each craft has its own strengths and weaknesses, plus each craft has a special weapon, which means that you are required to use each craft on certain missions.  After you complete each mission, you may be awarded a bronze, silver, or gold medal based on your performance.  After completing a mission, you can move on to the next one, or else go back and try again to get a better score.  The game gives you a score summary after each mission, so you know right away which areaas you need to improve upon to get the gold.The look and feel of the game is excellent.  The graphics are superb, and the Expansion Pak boosts them to cinematic levels.  The sound is also excellent for a non-CD game, although the chatter from your squadron mates does get a little repetitive.  The game is contained within a 3D environment, giving the game a flight simulator-like feel.  The controls are pretty easy to get used to, though this DOES take a little practice.  Fortunately, the first couple of missions are pretty easy, so you get a good chance to get familiar with the controls.  The controls are the same for each ship, so you don't have to switch back and forth.As stated before, the first couple of missions are pretty simple and easy.  But, starting with about the fourth mission, they start to get REALLY tough, with multitudes of TIE fighters, missile turrets, and gun emplacements all doing their best to shoot you down.  Expect to die many times before mastering each mission.  Getting the gold medal on all 16 missions will definitely take a while.The game has a lot of nice bonus features as well.  As you complete missions and earn higher medals, three bonus missions will appear, plus you will gain access to new ships, including the Millenium Falcon and a captured Imperial TIE Interceptor.  There is also a passcode screen, allowing you to enter codes to unlock all sorts of interesting options, including a fourth bonus level and the Naboo Starfighter.  There is even a code to allow you to fly a Buick sedan against the Empire!  The codes themselves are pretty easy to get.  There are several sites on the Internet that have them.It's easy to get immersed in the 3D environment of this game.  Many's the time I've found myself leaning over to the left or right as I put my X-Wing through a tight turn.  For those who like flight simulator-type games, I would say that this is the best FS game on the N64.  It's a bit dated now, what with the impending release of Rogue Squadron II for the GameCube, but for those N64 fans out there, this one is a must-have.
524	1	this is an amazing game. one that you can enjoy playing from the start to the finish.
755	1	Well, that's what CGW editor Jeff Green called &quot;Unreal&quot;. After playing it, I'm inclined to agree. It incorporates (on a small scale) elements of adventure games, which slows down the first-person action  without actually adding much weight to the alleged story. It does look  nice, though, at least for a 1997 era game.
398	1	I usually turned off all lights and played game in deep night after a whole-day work, even on bloody Quake I or Doom II, it is ok. And I was for a long time a Quake II fan, esp. in single player mode. With numerous add-on levels distributed on the web, I thought the 3D-shooter game has  reached the limit in Quake II. But alas, what a game the Half-Life is!  I  DARE NOT played it in the deep night alone with all lights off. With a very  good storyline and excellent atmosphere, the game is horrible!  You never  know what the next step will be. The monsters are not stupidly standing  there waiting for your bullets, instead they are chasing and hunting you.  It is simply the best single player 3d shoot game so far.
547	0	I actually played the Saturn version with the 4MB RAM cart, and I have to say that the PS1 version SUCKS! Why? Because tag-team was taken out because the PS1 could not handle it. It did not have enough RAM (Random Access Memory) to switch fighters since it takes about at least 40 MB of RAM, and the PS1 only has 32 MB.  If Capcom did put in tag-team, then it would take forever to load up a character once you tag-team with it, you can tag-team with the same character, but it does not feel the same.I suggest get a Saturn, (it is only $10 bucks or less) get a 4MB RAM cart which you can find at EB.com, or any Video game store, and get the Import version of X-men vs. Street Fighter, trust me you wont be disappointed.
887	1	This game is fun. The visuals are impressive and the guns are frickin' cool and some fun multi-player. Play this game because you deserve something special. Unless youre a Dragon Ball Z fan.
723	1	This is one of the best games I have ever played.  I love the gameplay.  It was easy to control the character.  I also enjoyed how it wasn't a very easy game.  When a game is challenging, I play it more and more.  In fact, I still play this game today.  Very good game.
487	1	This game is fun to play just for looking at all of the scenery. I enjoy all the brilliant colors and the array of monsters to kill. This is a Quake-type game but is better in everyway except the weapons. Just plain  fun.
261	1	This was truly one of the best games I have played in a long time. It has challenging puzzles that may at times seem impossible but the solution is often right before your eyes. Based upon the Mexican Day of the Dead it  gives the player a little bit of background while keeping them entertained.  Great game, lots of P.I. cliches, mentally stimulating, and just plain FUN!
620	1	I had Dirt 2 on Xbox 360 and it was an okay game. I started playing games on my laptop and bought a few new games to build my collection. This game is very fun to play. It is so much better than Dirt 2. If you like racing games you should check this out. The graphics are perfect on my compter.
539	1	Still the best 3D game on the market. Challenging, tons of fun levels and amazing gameplay. A true model for 3D games.
514	1	This mario kart is my favorite of any in the series, and i am so glad i bought it because i have had so much fun
533	1	Do not be fooled by the fact that dragons are more suited to little kids and that the game appears like a cartoon. This is a very fun game in which an evil creature called Gnasty Gnorc scatters gems all over the dragon world, turns some into his minions, lets blue thieves into the dragon world to steal their precious dragon eggs, and encases all the dragons in crystal. He missed Spyro, so it's his job to turn the dragon world the way it was. The graphics are colorful and the sound and music are also nice, and as for replay value, it has a fairly good amount. If there is one thing to complain about, it is the difficulty level. The enemies don't put up too much of a threat, and finding gems and dragons is usually fairly easy, and even the bosses are pretty easy to toast. But it can prove quite a challenge to some people, and may include some testing with some things. But besides these two facts, Spyro the Dragon is a nice, colorful game that is well worth the money.
158	0	This game was awesome when I was little and owned my original N64, and it's still awesome to this day. You just can't outdo a good thing, and this game proves it.
559	1	This game is a few years old, of course, but I was so pleased with it that I played it all last night after it was shipped to me. Definitely the best fighting game for the fading N64 platform. It is somewhat easy on the easy settings (almost too easy mind you), and as you increase the challenge level, the computer opponents increase in ability almost 10 fold.The only gripe that I have is that some moves are just not condusive to being made on the N64 controller. My hands also wanted to keep sliding over into the traditional n64 grip on the controller (with the stick and not the pad), but this game does not play well with the stick and thus you have to use the pad. That will feel weird at first. You can re-map the buttons to better suite your needs, but if you do, other moves will be more difficult to pull off as well. For instance, Sub-Zero's famous slide is almost impossible to do without taking your right hand off the controller and repositioning it on the correct buttons to make him do his slide. While you're doing this, you're getting your butt kicked because how are you going to concentrate on where the buttons are during the fight?I still give it 5 stars because those problems are not really that significant in the long run. The combo system is wonderful, and anyone who is looking for a good fighting game on the N64 console should pick this one up. With the price that it is at now, it is very affordable too. I highly recommend it.
506	1	Super Mario 64, is a Classic pure and simple. And, there's not much else I can say. It's a really good game, With alot of stuff that's fun to come back and do. You, can fly around with your Wing cap, Or Slide down a huge sliding board of Ice! Mario 64 is Pure classic, Pure fun.
368	1	Even though this game is almost 4 years old-it is still one of the best games that the N64 has to offer.  Why?  Well dear reader I will tell you why.  SUPER MARIO 64 is a gaming revolution,  it was the game that everyone had to have.  It took Mario into a whole new atmosphere.  The world that is inside Princess Peach's(aka Princess Toadstool) castle is immense and highly imaginative.  Although the graphics may seem a little bit dated(it was a launch game remember that) it is still a sight to see.  As far as play control goes, it is a bit difficult to get the hang of moving Mario around, but once you get used to it then controlling Mario is a breeze.  In fact it is some of the best playcontrol that a game has to offer.  The Super Mario 64 storyline is familiar to Mario fans but at the same time a touch refreshing.  Yes Peach is captured but she is being held prisnor in her own castle(in a picture in fact), and one of the funnest parts of the game is hanging out outside.  One of my problems is that Luigi is not in the game, in fact no mention of him is made either.  Nintendo should have left the Mario Party franchise alone and focused on creating a Super Mario 64 2, but alas they didn't.  So if you own a Nintendo 64 and don't have this title, or are thinking of buying a N64, then get Super Mario 64 because it is by far a true gaming experience.
948	1	If you've made it to this point in your life without playing a Twisted Metal game, that's all right, we'll explain it to you. The trilogy is probably best described as a vehicular version of Midway's Mortal Kombat or else a James Cameron's Terminator take on a demolition derby. In it, a horde of over-the-top characters compete against each other in cars and trucks armed with missiles, freeze rays, and other assorted weapons of destruction. This time out, there are a few new cars and weapons, and you have an option to have a computer-controlled ally aide you in the tournament, though he always seems to be the first one blown up in the fight. The biggest change to the series though is that its developer has changed from SingleTrac (who've started a new, but like-minded, auto-combat series under the moniker Rogue Trip for GT Interactive) to 989 Studios, a Sony-owned development studio. This affects the game on nearly every level. Graphically, the game appears much differently from the previous titles in the line, though it's not necessarily improved. There are various shading and lighting effects at work, but the end result is somehow grainy and washed out. The title's soundtrack, which is comprised of songs by Rob Zombie and Pitch Shifter, is very fitting, but the supporting sound effects are very weak. For example, the machine gun sounds like a cap pistol and driving through water inexplicably sounds pretty similar to that.The game's much-touted new physics engine turns out pretty strange in function. The cars will now dip and roll upon collision, which sounds fantastic in theory, but in practice is fairly questionable since vehicles will often flip over after hitting a small curb or even a snowman. The collision detection is also highly suspect, as instances where you'll find yourself stuck on a ledge or halfway into a wall are frequent. It's very nice to have analog control this time, but the physics engine really works against it.The main downfall of Twisted Metal III though is its lackluster level design. Most of the stages are, if not modeled after, extremely reminiscent of levels from the first two games, and those that aren't are even more uninspired. The Washington level, for instance, is a long rectangular courtyard with a ramped area on one end and teleportation sphere (which sends vehicles to the ramped area) on the other. Snore.In the two player modes, the default horizontal split-screen runs into the same problem found in SingleTrac's Rogue Trip. Since the levels are no longer as flat as in the previous TM games, having half you horizon cut away makes it hard to see in hilly or ramp-heavy levels. Fortunately, the designers had the foresight to include a wide variety of split-screen perspectives, such as a vertical cut and variations on a four-way split where the other two boxes are filled with radar, speedometer, and weapons info (these are the best since you view the world through a smaller version of the full screen). In the three- and four-player modes, the perspective is similarly cornered. Both appear to cut into the frame rate and increase the visible seams between surfaces, but not majorly. Multiple views aside though, the game is as much fun in multiplayer mode as it is in single player. As there, you'll be struck with the feelings of &quot;Why am I here?&quot; and &quot;Why am I playing this&quot; after a level or two. There are a few good ideas at work within Twisted Metal III (such as the multiple perspectives), but they're not nearly enough to counter the fact that improvements to the gameplay are pretty slight and the level design is a big step backwards, making the game a real lemon overall. If this is the direction the series is taking, it should probably stop right here. Take a look at Activision's Vigilante 8 or GT Interactive's Rogue Trip instead.
574	1	If you don't read anything else:If you find this game at a yard sale for $1.00 - $5.00 or online, then go ahead and get it, but in my opinion there are much better snow boarding games out for the N64, like "Big Mountain 2000," "Twisted Edge," or even "Snowboard Kids" or "Snowboard Kids 2."Now I know that this was the N64's first snowboarding game, so we shouldn't expect the Taj Mahal in video game form here, but having played the previous mentioned snowboarding games and then playing this, there are some things that I dislike about this game. First, landing your snowboard in this game is more based on luck than skill. First, you have to press the "Z" button when you land and secondly you can't move your control stick AT ALL when you are landing or your player is going to fall over because the board is on an angle on screen. That right there ruined the game for me because it sucked a lot of the fun right out of the game. Also, if you want to try to play this game, I recommend plugging in an N64 controller that has a joystick that is still very firm. I started playing with my usually controller, where the joystick is a little loose and I was pretty bad. Plugged in another controller with a firm joystick, got INSTANTLY BETTER controlling my character in the game! Second, if you bump a wall you fall over. There are other snowboarding games on the N64 that do that, but here it seemed really prevalent. Third, the music in this game is really annoying sounding. I liked the title track, but after that I was treated to songs that had people with high pitched or dull voices yelling the same things over and over again! I would have preffered just straight up instrumental music here. Fourth, I noticed that "PRETTY MUCH" the only way of winning a race against the computer player, was to take a short cut hidden in each course. Sure you could try to out board them, but if you mess up 2 or 3 times (hit a wall or wall over) FORGET WINNING!!! Fifth, when you enter the competition events, YOU ONLY GET SO MANY CONTINUES and let's say you are playing on easy (Where there are 4 tracks) and you want to quit the 3rd race because you know you are going to lose and don't want to waste a continue. So you go to select "Restart" from the pause menu. YOU ARE BACK ON THE FIRST COURSE AND HAVE TO DO EVERYTHING OVER AGAIN!!! AGGH!!! Sixth, I did some of the time attack modes, I believe that's the right name for it. I am not positive right now.) Anyway, you have to board through certain goals (They look like a traditional marathon finish line) and I am playing the one level and the goal was on a cliff above me, that I had no chance of getting on from where I was and time ran out and I lost! WHY WOULD THEY PUT SOMETHING LIKE THAT IN THE GAME!!! Put the goal lines where people have a good chance of getting to them. Not up on a cliff, that I could of went up on, 8 seconds ago, but now I am stuck!!!I loved the look of this game! That's why it was so hard for me to let go of the thought of getting fully into this game. I tried very hard to like this game, but I still couldn't bring myself to do that because of the mentioned above flaws. If you can overlook them, and you have the taste for snowboarding games you should be able to enjoy this game. Happy playing and thanks for reading! Merry Christmas and best wishes for 2010 and beyond!!!
936	1	I still get this game out. Everything is ideal, if they can't recreate this it will be a shame. N64 ruled in the old days, this and Mario were so amazingly fun, it was constant, you could play for months on end and still love it to death while finding something entirely new and exciting.
77	1	First of all I am from Guatelama, back then in 1998, I was saving to get my nintendo 64 system. But one day my older brother, went to a videogame store planning to by the 64 with Mario. I had already sold my SNES, and i was just waiting to begin collecting stars. Then when my bro came by, He was carrying a bag with a Playstation Box and a rare game called Gran Turismo.I was really mad, until he connected it, and when the Sony logo appeard, I was shocked, sound, graphics etc, from the video of Gran Turismo the presentation, to my first race, that was it, I forgot everything about nintendo, except of Killer Instinct, but thats how it started.The other Gran Turismos are obviolusly better, but this is the one that made the leap. like, MGS, FFVII, and all those awesome PS1 games that changed how we play right now. Gran Turismo is that kind of game that not everyone loves, specially the arcade ones, but its simply amazing. The best of its kind and time.By that time a NFS normaly had no more than 15 - 20 cars, and this changed it forever with more than 160 cars. If you want a realistic experience buy a PS3 and Gran Turismo 5, and after that you'll want to have the collection. I have passed the 5 of them, including the prologue, it takes time, but that why i am paying.Characteristics:+ 160 cars and customizable, first time in history11 detailed tracksreal PhisicsBest racing graphics until Gran Turismo 2 and so on.most realistic control until....GT2 and so on tooThe best quaility in menus, and a revolutionary simulation mode, also an arcade mode.First time ever replays and to save you replay too.Simply a classic.
715	1	This was the first C&amp;C game I ever purchased. I got this game when I wasn't playing much else apart from EVERQUEST, upon a friends recommendation. I wasn't to familiar with the C&amp;C franchise of RTS games from Westwood. Now I am a fan of the series.If you don't know, TIBERIAN SUN is a RTS about two military forces at odds with one another. The evil NOD, that wants to rule the world, while the honorable GDI wants to protect the world. The single player missions are on two discs. One is GDI and the other disc is the NOD single player missions. Both are quite fun and it helps you to learn the gameplay. I can't say I liked the full-motion-video sequences, but they are quite funny in an unintentional way!The online multiplayer is where the real fun of TIBERIAN SUN is at! There just is no way to describe winning a long 2 hour match online and not getting booted off!This is a good value for the money. It may not be as great as AGE OF EMPIRES or STARCRAFT, but TIBERIAN SUN is fun nonetheless. Enjoy!
648	1	I am writing this review from what i thought of it before red alert 2 came out.  this is a great game with a pretty good story line, though it lacks graphics.  Westwood online (the multiplayer sever) is also very good.  if your lookign to buy a good RTS i recomend red alert 2, but if you don't want to spend the money on RA@ this is still a great game.
813	1	I remember all the hype surrounding The Legend Of Zelda: The Ocarina Of Time like it was just yestarday. The Zelda franchise has always been among the best to grace any video game system, and with the power of the soon-to-be-released Nintendo 64, the series was finally going to reach its next step: the third dimension. This (along with other titles like Super Mario 64 and Mario Kart 64) got both gamers and the press excited about the N64 and the upcoming Zelda game. While the Nintendo 64 never quite managed to live up to all its prerelease hype, The Legend Of Zelda: The Ocarina of Time managed to not only live up to its respected hype, but in many ways surpass it.What makes TOOT special IMO is the fact that it is the first game (that I've played) where you truly feel like a part of its world. Many games tried hard to accomplish this feat, including previous Zelda titles, but TOOT was the first game to finally get it right. Even the later Majora's Mask never quite managed to create the immersive world TOOT did.Much of the game's feeling stems from the interactivity of its world. You can spend hours exploring a certain area and still have not seen everything there is to see. For example, many of the game's locations have these hidden holes you can jump into and find hidden goodies (as well as hear some pretty haunting music). Once you obtain the Stone Of Agony, however, you find out that these randomly placed secrets are only the beginning. I won't go into too much detail here since you need to play the game for yourself to really appreciate it. Another thing that makes this game feel more realistic than previous Zeldas is character interaction. Remember how decidedly generic a lot of the NPCs in Zeldas II and III were? In TOOT, each and every NPC is given at least some sort of personality so that you can easilly distinguish him/her from the rest of the game's characters as well as once again feel like you're a part of Hyrule. And of course, the third dimension (the dimension we live life through) helps the game a great deal.The gameplay is equally great. I especially liked how you can hold three items at a time rather than just one, which is especially helpful in the game's dungeons which often require you to use several different weapons/items. Speaking of which, the dungeons have some of the most clever puzzles and interesting layouts of any game I had ever played. And I really liked how once you completed all the puzzles in a dungeon, you opened a new path from its starting point straight to the final boss, rather than simply having to run through the entire dungeon all over again after death the way you did in previous Zeldas (this was especially annoying in A Link To The Past, where the dungeons were much longer and more challenging than in the original Legend of Zelda). And of course, the game's graphics are among the N64's best (not necessarely because of how detailed/realistic they are, but how carefully crafted and full of life they are), and the soundtrack is among the best ever to grace a video game (even with the Star Fox 64-quality midi samples).In brief, The Legend Of Zelda: The Ocarina of Time is an excellent game. If you own an N64 and have not already picked this game up, I strongly suggest you do. If you do not even own an N64, than the system's worth picking up just for this one game and its semi-sequal Majora's Mask.
724	1	The one thing people are missing to consider about this game is that, if you notice, the collection is a collection indeed, and a fine one at that, but mostly shows how the Street Fighter series evolved.  If you note that it goes from Super Street Fighter II, to SSFII Turbo, to SF Alpha 2 gold.  Well, my point is that it shows in order how the series evolved to becoming more complex and technical with Super Combos added.  1st it starts with Super II, no supers at all, just classic, then goes to Super II Turbo, where the super combo made it's debut, and every body had only one super, then goes to Alpha 2 Gold, where it really shows what you can do with a super combo, plus more characters, and every body had atleast 2 super combos.Lets go over it:1st - classic with no supers lots of characters2nd - classic with supers making debut same amount of characters3rd - advance from 2nd with more characters and 2 supers for eachNot only that, but it's a classic game, mostly to me, just an example of the evolution of the series, if you are still looking for what you thought this game would be, get the 2nd one, otherwise, it's a wise decision to go with this one.
250	1	This game still creeps me out! It's really fun to have those memories come flooding back as I whip my way through skeletons.
21	1	Basically, Breath of Fire 4 stole a lot of ideas from it's predecessor, this one. It's kinda like a degraded Breath of Fire 4 actually, but still truly brilliant, and well worth buying.
745	1	How can anyone not like this game? I don't know about you guys but i still like to play this as weel as twisted metal 2, even though i just got an 360, i will still play this whenever
251	1	Breath Of Fire 3 is a traditional RPG with a combination of 3D and 2D graphics.  The characters are what one would expect from a BOF game. The battle layout is well done for the most part, even though the loading time for some commands is just horrible.  The Masters system is a cool idea, as you can shape your characters into any class you want by apprenticing them to the right master.  The feature that keeps BOF 3 from reaching classic status is the story.  It starts out interesting, but about halfway through the game it seems to lose it's purpose.  Another annoying aspect is the desert area near the end of the game. The directions they give you are vague and confusing.  Worst of all however, is after all the long hours you put into playing the game, the ending is short and stale. If you are a seasoned RPG fan and have played through all of the other RPGs for Playstation, BOF 3 will keep you busy until the next big hit arrives.  If you hate puzzles and long loading times however, Breath Of Fire 3 may not be your game.
95	1	This is the original that started it all. If you can you past the fact that it is quite dated, you will absolutely love everything about this title. The gameplay is rock-solid, and the game moves really fast. Camera is great, as the whole game is viewed from a bird's eye perspective. The game is very open ended, and you will never get bored while playing this.
104	0	i remember when i was in high school and this game was brand new and just came out. I played this sooooo much, i got an ache in my hand. I've only beaten it once, but i'll tell you what, in that one time, it took me 3 to 4 months to beat it.
343	1	Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is one of my favorite games ever!  I just love the storyline and the characters,even though Link, Ganondorf and Zelda have been in all of the Zelda games, but this game is the best.  The original Legend of Zelda for the Nintendo was okay, but it felt like the game would NEVER end!  I recommend this game to fantasy lovers who also love the idea of a super villan an action-ready hero.  This is also one of Nintendo's classics.  Everything a fantasy story needs is right in this game.
252	1	This is, to me, not only the greatest Zelda game in the series, but also the greatest game I've ever play.Where to begin? There is so much in this game that makes it so fun. I absolutely love the side quests. Getting the Biggoron Sword is a race against time, but very rewarding considering you will posess an awesome huge sword that is twice as powerful as the Master Sword!Another side quest I loved was completing the Gerudo Training Fortress to get the Ice arrows. This will force you to use all your skills and items, and will really put you to the test. I would even venture to say that the Gerudo training temple is more difficult than almost every other dungeon.The ghost hunting side quest is very tough and takes practice and patience. Capture all 10 big poes roaming the field of hyrule and sell them to the strange ghost shop. You will get the 4th bottle (the hardest to get)Even the mask salesman side quest is very interesting and unique. While many wouldn't bother to complete it, but the reward is the very cool and mysterious "Mask of Truth". Furthermore, this side quest is slightly more significant considering that the masks are the focal point in the follow up "Majoras' Mask".But of course, my favorite side quest is the Skulltula side quest. It is very long and trying, but definitely worth it. This is another side quest many people wouldn't bother to complete, but completing it does have it's merits. For example: there is a very profitable rewards system in play. Destroy 10 Golden Skulltulas, and you get the adult wallet (holds 200 rupees). At 20, you get the stone of agony, which (when playing with a rumble pack inserted) will alert the player when a secret is nearby. At 30, get the Giant's Wallet and you can carry 500 rupees. At 40 you get Bombchus (I know, lame). At 50, get a piece of heart. After that, you get nothing more unless you manage to destroy all 100 golden skultullas. Doing this will result in you being able to get 200 rupees every time you visit the house of skultulla. Unlimited money is very cool, although a bit useless at that late a stage in the game.The bosses are great. I won't go into great detail, but I've always loved the fight with Volvagia the lava dragon. There is something so classic and satisfying about watching Link defeat a lava dragon in a volcano with the master sword and hylian shield. Also, the final battle with Gannondorf is a real treat, and I never get tired of firing the magic arrows of light at him. The fight has a very epic quality to it, and the final battle against the horribly mutated Gannon has a nightmarish ambience to it.The temples all have thier own awesome themes, both musically and environmentally. I always thought that the Forest Temple was incredibly imaginative and just stunning. It has the feel of something abandoned to the wild with overgrown vines overtaking the temple, and the open courtyard.The music is top-notch even by today's standards. Koji Kondo really put together a masterpiece.There is even a sweet element of sadness in Link's lost childhood, with the loss of his friendship to Saria. The moments where Shiek teaches you a song to warp to a temple always has a reference to a long lost friendship or the somewhat cruel passage of time.The ability to customize adult Link's appearance is pretty unique and cool where you can choose with color tunic he wears, which sword and shield to wield.In short, this is a wonderful game that will always have a special place in my heart.
913	0	Stupid Sony... they forced 3D games out before anybody was ready. Nintendo was forced to cancel many Super Nintendo games (Doom FX, Star Fox 2, Mario FX) and release the Nintendo 64. Many popular 2D games failed in full 3D. Castlevania, Mega Man... they failed and have not been revived. Did Mario succeed? YES! This game is a legend. I heard about it in 2009 (not 1996) in a Nintendo Power magazine simply titled "Mario". I did not own a Nintendo 64 (this was 2009). The only system I had was an original Wii that we used for Mario Kart. I was somehow able to persaude my parents to buy me a Wii Point Card with 2000 points on it (enough for Mario 64 and Super Mario Bros 3). I downloaded it and was greeted with a happy Mario face that said "HELLO!". Soon I was distorting him to where he had no moustache and had big ears. Then I started the game and got a message from Peach. In her girly princess voice she read the letter, which told Mario she had baked a cake for him. The plumber could not resist and jumped out of a warp pipe onto the castle grounds. I had never played a 3D Mario Game. I stuck to Animal Crossing, Mario Kart, My Sims, and Wii Sports (I was 8 years old). After a little bit of exploring I entered the castle. Instead of a cake Mario got a scary message from Bowser (Who ate cake, I guess). Soon I was hiking up a hill to meet a giant king bomb complete with a moustache and crown. He told me (using fancy king words) that in order to get the bomb I had to defeat him. I defeated him and moved on to the next level, a giant fortress ran by slabs of concrete with faces. Then I started level 3, a snow level. What a level that was! Finding baby penguins, building snowmen, sliding down a slide. Then my parents walked in. My mom said "YUCK! What are those dots supposed to be?". Those dots were snow flakes. My dad said "Are those graphics... 64 bit?" I had not even realized the graphics were bad because I was lost in the creative levels. Each level had an original design with interesting puzzles and obstacles put in the way of the star. Each boss was different and interesting. The graphics are outdate, so what? This, along with Mario 3, really changed my view of video games. Now (in 2012) I have almost no respect for high-powered consoles like the Xbox 360. Kids should play these old games. How hard is it to get kids a $20 card so that they can enjoy a unique classic like this? The challenge is not too much. If you get stuck on one level you can try another. This is a beautiful game that put the Nintendo 64 to its limits.
633	1	This game is great!!!!!!! I played a friends, and then they gave it to me.. Ive beat it!! I still have to try to get all the stars, but I will!! The game is REAL fun and interactive with many great lands and levels to get the stars, and fun bosses!! The game is just REALLY great, I really love it!! IT ROCKS!!!!
192	1	This game is fantastic, and you wont be able to put it down for a long long time.  I have over 120+ hours played on my game save.  Final Fantasy VII Platinum Edition features a revamped old soundtrack...that I find 2x better than the PSone version's soundtrack.  Although it takes a while to adjust to the numpad controls, after playing for a while, you'll wonder how you would have done it any other way.  The on-screen controls are bizarre and during scenes such as the timed puzzle in the rocket ship, you'll have a hard time typing in key combos.  Materia allows you to use different magics on different characters, allowing for different characters to use Summons, Magic, and Cure.  My tip: dont give up solely because of the controls---this game is FANTASTIC and although I found the console experience more enthralling and easier to jump into, the PC version was much more cinematic and was totally worth it.  FF7 is by far the best game I have ever played, and you do not want to miss out on this adventure.  My only tip: dont save over the same file, especially before you enter the Northern Crater--you wont be able to exit it if you do.Replayability: ***** (Tons of extra caves, quests, missions, mini-games to find, extra materia, weapons, limit-breaks, and bosses to fight well after the game is over.)Gameplay: ***** (Amazing boss fights, you will be on the edge of your seat during battles, incredibly fun)Story: ***** (The plot twists, the depth in the story, the emotions...its AMAZING)Graphics: ***** (You can view on a big resolution, better textures and stuff.  More crisp than the PSone version)Controls: **** (Takes a while to get used to, you wont want to try another control setup once you do)Sound: ***** (Sound effects are recycled from the PSone game, BUT, the music was totally redone, and that is one of the biggest parts of this game)Addictiveness: ***** (I stopped playing my other games for almost 4 months when I got into this game)The best part of this game is that it is so easy to pick up and play.  The Ruby and Emerald Weapons provide you with more challenge than the last boss of the game.  Raising chocobos and minigames at the Golden Saucer couldnt be more fun, and this remains the only game besides World of Warcraft that I havent uninstalled from my computer.  Final Fantasy VII is a keeper, and dont be discouraged by the prices on Amazon, by the time you're done with the game, you will believe it to be the best $50 you have spent on a game.  I would know, because I said the same thing.
671	1	I haven't played Tomb Raider 1 in a long time but a month or so ago I found it at a used cd store and bought it. I just finished the game and am still thrilled at how exciting and tough this game still is. The plot is interesting enough for you to continue caring for the story and Lara Croft makes a fun character to use to get to your next destination. She is strong, knows how to carry her weapons, jump great heights and is truly fearless when it comes to dinosaurs, bad guys and even messed up creatures she meets up with in the end. You have to constantly be kept on your toes throughout the game and the settings themselves are yes very old compared to nowadays improvements but for back then were well done and even nowadays not bad at least to me. This game is a fun challenge and I recommend it to anyone interested in adventure games for Lara will take you on great journeys in this game. My favorite is where she is facing a Sphinx- like statue- now that was a fun level.Tomb Raider is one of the greatest storylines ever created and that is why it is so popular even nowadays. The older stuff is better though, aka like 1- 4 of the Tomb Raider series is the best to me- everything after 4 seems to have gone downhill. Angel of Darkness honestly I couldn't even finish it was so bad. So take my advice and try out the older version of Tomb Raiders first, they are much better and more exciting.
43	0	was a good purchase dont get me wrong. but i had a minor problem with it saving. at first it wouldnt save for the first 3 or 4 times. but eventually it did. other than that it worked great. awesome condition. came as described.
980	0	What can I say about this game? I bought it to replace one that was stolen when I was a kid. It's great to hear those classic sound effects and that legendary music. EPIC.
683	0	Im not even that far(I just got past those guards)but I can tell this is a classic example of electronic excellence and is a classic that anyone lucky enough to know its out there can discover.
860	1	Breath of Fire Three is the third part to what was a very good series of RPGs. Breath of Fire One seems to be what most people I talk to about games  consider the best. Even though I loved Breath of Fire 2 the most. I  expected a lot from breath of fire 3. Perhaps this helped lower my opinion  of Breath of fire 3, but I did not like this game.As far as game play  goes like all BoF games in BoF 3 you have the ability to turn into a  dragon. Like BoF 1 and unlike BoF2 when you turn into a dragon you stay one  for a while. While you're a dragon you loose MP every turn to keep you from  staying one forever in that combat unlike BoF 1. All the character seem to  get their own special power. The character list is short and one of the  characters on the list of the book never fights with you as a character.  The training system you can find people to help you with is actually kind  of pointless weird and honestly I didn't like it. The town to town walking  is slow and you never get fast transportation.As far as plot goes the  plot is the plot starts off okay. Then about two hours in goes in a  different direction. It is fine for a while then but around the end is a  large dungeon that is boring to go threw and leaves the any not very much  of a climax. They lost any suspense you could have built up similar to the  Tales Of Destiny ending. Also the characters don't have very strong and  noticeable personalities. Also if you keep up with it you won't like the  direction the plot takes thirds of the way threw.As far as control goes  it's basically standard of with noting exceptionally notable about  it.The graphics to this game are not very good. It is done in sprites.  Sometimes I myself prefer sprits but I do not like the character drawings  of this game. On the walking town to town map character looks chubby and  short. The drawings are basic and too simple. There was only one of the  dragons I liked the look of. However there is a little onion that can  follow around with your party who beat all other RPGs in cuteness of a  single character. The cute hopping onion is defiantly the main reason to  buy this game if you do.And finally as far as length of time it can stay  interesting the game is longer them many RPGs won't be beaten on a short  rental. If you get this game buy it.Overall this game is the worst of  the BoF series. I don't recommend buying it unless its finishes some  collection you are working on, or if you have to see a hopping onion follow  people around.
988	0	I played this game when i was a kid and forgot all about it. Then remembered it, ordered it, and have been having fun playing it.
93	1	This is one of my all time favorite games. The characters are likeable, with hilarious dialogue and an intriguing story. Also the music is some of the best I've ever heard in a video game. Also, the graphics and sound are great for N64. The controls are CRAZY precise for N64, and MAN is this game challenging! There are lots of secrets to uncover and special power ups to unlock. If only Microsoft hadn't ruined Rare...
459	1	This is it! The ground breaking game that shot the Nintendo 64 sells thorough the roof and off to space! Super Mario 64 is a game that cant be found anywhere else! It is truly amazing in every aspect from stunning graphics to superbly versatile gameplay. I just couldnt believe that this game could be this good even though it is so old!(yes, it is OLD now!) This game was so dang much fun that they even made it for Nintendo DS! If you are looking for one amazing game and own the best system ever made(Nintendo 64-NOT Xbox, Playstsion 2, or Xbox 360) then look for Super Mario 64. You will not be dissapointed. Guaranteed!
92	1	Super Mario 64 one of the greatest games for N64.Story/Plot: the Story begins with a letter from Princess Peach inviting Mario to come to her castle for a cake she has baked for him. However, when he arrives, Mario discovers that Bowser has invaded the castle and imprisoned the princess and her servants within it using the power of the castle's 120 Power Stars. Many of the castle's paintings are portals to other worlds, in which Bowser's minions keep watch over the stars. Mario explores the castle for these portals to enter the worlds and recover the stars. He gains access to more rooms as he recovers more Power Stars, and eventually traverses three different obstacle courses, each leading to its own battle with Bowser. Defeating Bowser the first two times earns Mario a key for opening another level of the castle. After Mario defeats Bowser in the final battle, Peach is released from the stained-glass window above the castle's entrance. Peach rewards Mario by kissing him on the nose and baking the cake that she had promised him.Gameplay: Each course is an enclosed world in which the player is free to wander in all directions and discover the environment without time limits. The worlds are filled with enemies that attack Mario as well as friendly creatures that provide assistance, offer information, or ask a favor (such as pink "peace-loving" Bob-omb Buddies). The player gathers stars in each course; some stars only appear after completing certain tasks, often hinted at by the name of the course. These challenges include defeating a boss, solving puzzles, racing an opponent, and gathering coins. As more stars are collected, more areas of the castle hub world become accessible. The player unlocks doors in the castle with keys obtained by defeating Bowser in special courses. There are many hidden mini-courses and other secrets to the game, most containing extra stars needed to complete the game entirely. Some courses contain cannons that Mario can access by speaking to a pink Bob-omb Buddy. After entering a cannon, Mario can be shot out to reach distant places. When the player has the Wing Cap equipped, cannons can be used to reach high altitudes or fly across most levels quickly.The gameplay and control is fricken awesome u can control mario in more ways then 1.Power ups: Some courses have special cap power-ups which augment Mario's abilities. The Wing Cap allows Mario to fly; the Metal Cap makes him immune to most damage, allows him to withstand wind, walk underwater, and be unaffected by noxious gases; and the Vanish Cap renders him partially immaterial and allows him to walk through some obstacles such as wire mesh, as well as granting invulnerability to some forms of damage.Abilities: Mario can wall jump, long jump, and many more.Music: the Music is all original nothing has been copied but the game music is awesome for each stage. In short Super Mario 64 is a great game and it deserves respect.This game is a must get in your video game collection. This game also started the trend where super games have 64 in their name for example Donkey Kong 64 Super Mario Kart 64 Pilotwings 64 and Super Man 64.Story 5/5 Gameplay 5/5 Music 5/5 Powerups 5/5 Overall 10/10 = A+
934	1	Very fun game to play, and has an excellent story line to play. Lots of different equipment to use, and the game isn't overly difficult to beat.
736	0	Let me put it like this, if I had to destroy every videogame I own except one, this is the one I wouldn't destroy. This is simply the greatest game ever made. I'm not going to insult this game by trying to describe the storyline or graphics etc.. You have to experience it for yourself. Most helpful thing I can do is tell you how you can get to play this. This game has had dozens of ports. One came on a bonusdisc for Gamecube with "Windwaker" in 2003 and another came in a collectors edition (Master Quest) also for gamecube. If you can't get ahold of one of these, the original for N64, or a ROM you should buy a Wii and download it from the Wii Virtual Console. It will be worth the while.
370	1	After playing "Turok: The Dinosaur Hunter" for ten minutes, I realized I had a great game at hand. It was like Mortal Kombat, except in a shooting-game. Blood everywhere, amazing enemies and weapons, and a good, good time. And I'll admit this; I don't actully play the Turok games. No, I'm sorry, I don't. It's not that their hard, or boring, but I don't play them...well, not without the cheats at least. As soon as I find out a new Turok game's coming, I get on the internet, go to Happypuppy.com, and find the Master Cheat. Yeah, it's pretty low, but it's fun to go in these blood-soaked shooter games. And the second one is no exception. I played this game without cheats for a few hours, made up my mind, and decided it was great, and would be even better with cheats.Half an hour later, I came back with the Master cheat in my hand, which is "BEWAREOBLIVIONISATHAND", or, if you break it down, "BEWARE OBLIVION IS AT HAND". Within minutes, I had an amazing arsenal, all maps, invincibility, and more by my side. The weapons...well, let's just say the first Turok can't touch them. You have the usual knife and bow and arrow, pistol, shotgun, and the rest, but you now also have a nuke, pod layer (which lays bombs on the ground and they explode on contact), a machine gun (as the first had, but this one's much better), the Cerebrial Bore (the most gory weapon of all. It launches out a little ball, and it goes straight for the enemies head. When it gets there, it starts sucking and draining blood form their head, then, after 5 second, it explodes, and takes the enemies head with it), my personal favorite, the Razor Wind (a shield with sharp edges on it. You throw it and it cuts up all enemies in it's path, then come right back to you. It can chop off just about any limb you throw it at; the head, the legs, and the arms), and another physical weapon, the War Blade. The name says it all.Overall, this game is a vast improvement, and is the best yet (but that might change as soon as I play "Evolution"). The graphics are great, awesome story, vast, detailed enviroments, and some hot blue chick that always pops up. What more could you ask for?
253	0	I got this version instead of the PS3 version, which turned out to be a mistake. Console versions of games look 95 percent as good as their PC versions, but you do not have to deal with driver issues and the numerous things that can go wrong with windows. First off the installation takes about 30 minutes, which is ridiculous. I have never had a game take this long to load, Shift 2 took about 20 minutes which seemed too long also. Next many of the latest games for PC are forcing you to have an internet connection in order to install the game, regardless of whether you want to play only offline single player games. Shift 2 unleashed is also like this, so be forewarned. Internet requirements are not prominently displayed on the boxes. The game pushes you, but does not require you to, sign up for a Games For Windows Live account, which is required to get the game patches and updates. More time wasted signing up for that. Finally after about one hour the game was up and running , but the menu screen text had red blocky borders, and the sun in the game screens was ugly pink red, with red reflections on the car and everywhere. So more time spent googling to find a solution to this. I had to download a hot-fix driver update for my AMD videocard driver, which solved that red text and sun problem. Finally after nearly 2 hours I was able to play the game, which is perhaps the prettiest racing game I have ever played. Magnificent graphics, and fun excellent gameplay. Good forcefeedback effects with a steering wheel, and excellent sense of speed and immersion, makes this a top notch sim racer with just a hint of arcade feeling to it.I was really, finally enjoying the game , when suddenly about 30 minutes in to a race the game suddenly crashed. No error message or anything, it just hung up and crashed to desktop, under windows 7. I later tried it with Windows XP on the same machine, and it crashed less frequently, usually only when exiting the game, but random crashes really kill the fun of a racing game, since it might not crash during an entire 20 lap race or it might crash on the 2nd lap.It is a great game when it works, and if you are lucky enough to have a machine that it runs stably on then by all means get this game. But hang on to your receipt just in case.I am tired of fiddling with my computer trying to find a totally reliable setup for this game, so I think I am going to buy a copy for my PS3, which has never crashed, in over 3 years of game playing. I have been buying the top notch PC versions of videogames and spent thousands of dollars over the years on faster videocards and cpu's , but I have finally grown tired of fiddling with incompatibilities of hardware and software, and now game publishers demanding that you have an internet connection as well as providing a long serial number, utilizing gigabytes of harddrive space, 30 minute or longer installation times ( it takes less time to install Windows 7 ) , and requiring you to sign up for their online service and game store, and still you have to put that stupid little DVD in your computer everytime you want to play a simple game to relax. I am pretty much done with PC gaming, since the consoles are so much less hassle, and they have " good enough " graphics that the diminishing returns of costly higher resolution better antialiased higher framerate graphics is not worth it. When the PS4 and Xbox 720 come out, I think the law of diminishing returns will be even more evident.
204	1	BY FAR ONE OF BEST ZELDA GAMES OF ALL TIME. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME. WELL WORTH THE MONEY.
315	0	Are 9 out of 10 GAMECUBE games like this little kid's game terrible? Answer: YesI bought the game, and I regret it so much!
611	1	If you like racing games that are unique, this is for you. You can race by yourself, or with a friend. Not only that, but you can also challenge your friends in battle mode with some really fun arenas. If your more of a solo player like me, don't worry, there are four different tournaments that you can play.You can even use different items either to slow down the other racers, or to help you pass them up. Of course every item has it's own effects, there are a few that are hard to get. That's because they're special, learn how to use them, and the competition will be eating your dust.And last, but far from least, there is a special mode you can unlock for an even bigger challenge. Yeah, this game will keep you busy no matter how you play. It's definately a must-have, order it while you can.
959	1	I was feeling nostalgic last week so I started playing Unreal again.  Probably for my third time through at this point!  While Unreal doesn't have as much replay value as a game like Half Life it certainly does have its moments!  Unreal was one of those really impressive FPS games for it's time.  It boasted great graphics and intense game play.  Of course by 2008's standards these graphics merely look silly!  But if you were picking this up in '98 like I was, you were pretty impressed.I figure I'll throw in some points about playing this on a more current system, since I experienced some issues here and there.  Being a game made for Windows 98 it doesn't translate perfectly over to an XP 32 bit system.  I have no idea what this would do on Vista's 64 bit architecture.  Basically when re-installing it I got a strange error with the option to "ignore".  You can definitely get away with doing that and then it will install fine.  Strangely every time you reinsert the disc to play some more you have to cancel out of the install process and that "ignore" message comes up as well.  I'm not sure if this is just my system, but I recommend saving quite frequently, at least every time you hit a "load" screen.  For some reason the game will randomly crash after a little while and it exits out completely for you.  This can be frustrating if you've been playing for a while, because it doesn't auto save between load screens.  Otherwise it played very smoothly on the newer system.  You can also get the Unreal Anthology which has been updated to handle Windows XP.  Oh and this was on a Pentium 4, 3.0 ghz system.That being said, I'll move onto the actual review for anyone thinking about delving into this great game for their first time.  The first thing you notice is that you have almost no health.  You begin to discover why as you start wandering around a crashed space ship and it appears you were some kind of prisoner.  Naturally the first things you need to do are finding some health and then find some way out of the ship.  The ship is kind of a boring part of the level, but it leads you a bit into the story line because you clearly crash landed on an alien planet.  When you finally get out of the ship the first thing you'll notice is how amazing and stunning the world is that has been created for you.  Outside it's very bright and vibrant in spots.  This felt a little different compared to games like Quake, Half Life, Doom, because a lot of those games are very dark and have a major dungeon crawl atmosphere to them.  Unreal has a lot of that usual stuff as well, but it also has a lot of time spent outside where you get to see amazing scenery.  One thing the developers did right was making you feel like the in game world was huge!  This was really impressive and fun when you first got into it.As you explore and interact with the world you learn more about what's going on with this planet called Na Pali.  Apparently the native people are called the Nali and they've been enslaved by an alien race called the Skaarj.  The Nali are extreme pacifists and I can't help but think their designers wanted them to be Buddhists for the most part.  The Skaarj on the other hand are the main enemy of the game, though not the only enemy creatures you'll face.  They are a warrior race that pretty much takes over wherever it sees fit.  You'll notice that the Skaarj design is clearly influenced by Predator.  They have a humanoid lizard design and have a mouth design that looks just like that of a Predator.  To brandish even MORE similarities they also have energy weapons and steel double claws attached to their arms.  As you can see this isn't very original.  Another part that is kind of unoriginal/strange is the Nali castles that you come across.  They are clearly living in what we would term a medieval level society versus the Skaarj who have high grade technology.  Strangely you come across large castles that look like they're straight out of thirteenth century England.  I know... strange for a race of pacifists.  Despite all this, those parts are some of the most fun to play through.  I loved going into the castles and running around!Another aspect that made Unreal very special, when compared to other FPS games, was the sheer amount of atmosphere that is injected into this game.  It truly does feel like you're on an alien world.  The sounds, the textures, were all there perfectly bringing you into this world, almost so much that you didn't want to leave!  You even hear echoes off of cliffs if you're walking through a cavern, it's like they tried to get as many little details in order to immerse the user.  For it's time the Unreal graphics engine was also very impressive and really took things up a notch in the gaming world.  They also programmed enemies to react more realistically to the user when confronted.  So when I'm fighting against the Skaarj enemies they will actually make an effort to jump out of the way of my shots.  This was really cool to see and I really only found that in games like Half Life.The maps you have to navigate through are pretty massive at times.  I really felt like a lot of the level design was also influenced by the great game Marathon.  A lot of times in order to open a door you have to search out a series of levers, or whatever, in order to proceed onto the next section.  This game literally has hours of game play and probably took me in the vicinity of 20 to 30 hours to complete, so you really get your moneys worth.  The downfall to having such large maps is it's kind of easy to get lost sometimes if you're trying to complete certain tasks.  Another detriment to the game was the lighting.  I put this game on maximum brightness levels in order to help me see where I was going.  Sometimes that wasn't even bright enough.  There are sections of this game that are absolutely dark, especially towards the end of the game.  While this creates a very scary atmosphere, I felt it hindered the game play once in a while.  The reason this hurts game play is because the flashlight function is incredibly annoying to deal with.  You have to pick up flashlights or flares in order to see in the pitch black areas.  Now to make it more realistic the flashlights eventually run out of batteries or something, but this was poorly incorporated because they only last a few minutes.  Seriously, the flashlights in real life would NOT die so quickly and then it's up to you to go find another one.  The only reason this hurts the game is because if you no longer have light, you can't enjoy the environment nearly as much.Aside from a couple flaws this is a pretty awesome game and I had a lot of fun playing it.  In '98 this came out around the same time as Half Life and they were both the must play FPS games that year.  Half Life ultimately won the game of the year slot mainly because of story line.  Unfortunately Unreal's story line is pretty poor in the greater scheme of things.  The user doesn't really feel a greater purpose to their mission and instead you are merely trying to complete levels and puzzles.  Whereas Half Life created a vastly well written world where you were trying to get out of a facility and stop an experiment gone out of control.  Unreal just couldn't compete with something of that caliber and it's not nearly as engrossing on that level.  Beautiful world and really fun to play overall, but not the best of the year.Overall Rating: 4.5 out of 5
188	1	I Used to play this game with my dad all the time when I was younger! I Actually ordered it recently to play with him again when my Nintendo 64 stopped working. Ha
266	1	The most recent LoZ games, in my opinion, have all been fairly average.  Wind Waker was the latest actually good LoZ game.  But of all the LoZ games, OoT is just plain incredible.In this game, you play as Link as he grows from a child into a young man while on his quest to defeat Ganon and save the world from ultimate, evil rule.  Along the way, you meet many friends and face amazing boss battles.The graphics (at the time) were just incredible.  It really made me enjoy looking at and playing the game.  Nintendo really did a great job in this department.The gameplay is like no other.  One of the few incredible games to utilize the C Buttons for vital controls, this game felt really comfortable to play, and there's tons to do in the game besides just beating it.  Also, throughout the game, you are forced to travel back and forth through time and play as Young or Adult Link to complete the game, which is awe-inspiring in my opinion.  Sadly, after doing little everything, there's no addictive mini-games to really play and not much else to do, but go through the game again and again.The sound is incredible, and the music has never been better.  I found myself turning the volume on the TV all the way up while playing this game, because the sound was that good!If you're an avid gamer, yet you've never played this game, then something's really wrong with you.  Pick this game up and play it 'till your fingers fall off (which I guarantee you'll do).  This game is worth buying and owning for as long as you even are alive.
365	1	i found this game to be a challenge at first, used to the old side-scrolling games of mario it took some time to get used to the fact its now in 3D.if you like mario you will love thi 3D game.
873	1	This really is a step up from Dirt 2. Better graphics, cars seem a little more responsive. Overall it was worth almost the money, but of course, I wait till the games are "old hat" and buy them cheaper.The really bad thing is having to buy tracks and cars. Nope, I'm never going to do that and I think it is a crappy deal, but that's life. If I had known about the lack of tracks and cars, I would have passed. There's no real reason to finish the game, as it's just more of the same without paying a bunch of money to get all the "extras", that should have been in the game to begin with.
637	1	Reading magazines from 1996-1998 one thing you couldn't escape was a some kind of mention of Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. It was all over the place. Popping this in my N64 when I took it home I spent literally 2 hours just exploring Kokiri Village just cause it was so fun. But then I realized &quot;oh yeah there's more to this, isn't there?&quot; And that's when the fun started.Graphics: Although you can probably debate this, this has one of the best graphics you'll find on the system. Lot of areas just drop that &quot;wow factor&quot;, like when you first enter Zora's Domain or the game's many cutscenes.Sound: Although there's no voice, except for Navi's annoying &quot;Hey!&quot; and an occasional &quot;Hello&quot; from her or Link's grunts, it's got some awesome music. One thing I love is the short ocarina songs you play, such as Song of Storms, Zelda's Lullaby and Song of Time, plus general area music. Although the overworld music isn't like what it was on Link to the Past, it's still great.Story: The story starts off with Link having a bad dream about a mysterious man and woman. Then Link is summoned to the Great Deku Tree where he fills Link in on his quest and it goes from there. Even though it can be a quite simple story, it's just a huge epic story that kept me interested.Gameplay: The infamous Z-Targeting system that's spawned several developers to use it in their own games. The recent Star Fox Adventures uses this. Your C-Buttons are for your weapons. B is your sword and A is your action button(Talk, Jump, Climb,etc.). You'll know this system by heart cause Navi tells you how many times about it within the first hour. Camera is excellent and the Z targeting helps.Even though you might be able to find this, I suggest you pick it up. Dust off your N64 and dive into what is one of the 90's most critically acclaimed and commercial masterpieces ever.
221	1	When I first got the game, it was &quot;Wow&quot;, thinking it would be the best.  I have to admit, it is better than some games I have already played, but it just didn't have the zing of the other C&amp;C games.The computer stinks.  I could beat them playing as GDI(good guys), which is hard because NOD(bad guys) has all the best vehicles, units, and structures.  I love the Missile Silo.  Talk about blitzcrieg on your opponent!!  If you want to have about a 65% chance of winning, stick with NOD.I wouldn't recommend the missions, because they are all too easy or all too hard.  I stick to skirmish and internet games myself.I might venture to say that it is worth an inexpencive look.  Maybe even borrowing it from a friend.All-in-all, I would have to say that the graphics are superb, stories are bad,  sound is so-so, and gameplay is dependant on which side you choose(NOD being better).
257	1	Konami took a bold step into 3-D with this Castlevania installment for the 64.  Unfortunately, it didn't live up to expectations, which part of it is because it wasn't the same people (believe it or not) that did Symphony of the Night (PSX).  Read on to see why it's a below average game:THE GOODFinally, Castlevania in 3-D!  Despite many shortcomings, the game does have some eerie music and a dark atmosphere, which are characteristic of a Castlevania game (at least the newer releases).  You can select between two characters (Carrie and Reinhart) that change the storyline somewhat.THE BADI was never a fan of the 64 controller and this is the one game where it hurt most.  The controls and gameplay were difficult at best, and normally I have a decent tolerance level for controls; Here's where I absolutely loathed it.  Getting your character to go where you want is quite a challenge for this game.  Also, the storyline, aside from the two characters' different (yet similar) paths, is really hollow at its core and doesn't add anything new to the Castlevania legacy.OVERALLNot recommended.  I advise renting the game only.  ONLY BUY IT IF YOU ARE A DIE-HARD N64 FAN.  Otherwise, I strongly recommend skipping it.  I'm a big Castlevania fan and I feel that this game does not do the series justice.  I noticed some people in their reviews that they liked this game over Bloodlines (Genesis); Why?!  Bloodlines had far better gameplay and replay value than this!  Perhaps it's because 90% of gamers today prefer graphics over gameplay, when it's GAMEPLAY that creates the game.
115	1	they sacrificed the create a character mode but in its place are like oodles of wrestlers.this game was made during one of wrestlings hottest eras.probably still is.so the wcw had lots o cash to hire lots o wrasslers and thats why theres zillions of them up for grabs.theres the regular wcw guys,the nwo,luchadors,ravens flock,japanese superstars,losers youve never heard of before,and every other gang from that time.the only real problem is the game is very simple to beat.now im not normaly one to complain about easy video games but this game got beat literaly in under 4 hours after i bought it on every level.its better if youre getting this for a kid i guess.
467	1	The Crash games for playstion are very fun games,even better than the mario games. Out of the Crash seires I think this one is the best. There are alot of thing you can do and the bosses rock. The story line is the best in this game. It takes plase after Crash2 were Dr.Cortex ship falles down on a temple, wich releses a demon mask. The mask that pertected crash in the first two games stats talking and tells crash that the evil mask is his Brother and his plan to build a time machine to get crystles todestroy earth. The replay vaule is high and the gamplay is fun, you won't be able to put this game down for awile.
325	0	I would like give this game 4 or 5 stars, if I could get it to run. Like others the game crashes on start-up or in the game and Codemasters has been absolutely no help in correcting it. Why they can't get their asses in gear (pun intended) and fix it I don't know, but with so many folks reporting the problem it isn't just occasional. I assume they either can't replicate the problem or just don't care. Lacking any help from Codemasters, I've tried the various fan fixes, including uninstalling Rapture 3D. Also tried installing on Vista and Win 7 and that didn't help either, which is a shame since from the other reviews it seems like a great racing sim.
66	0	castlevania 64 is one of the greatest games in the world a true classic the best of the best buy this game if your a castlevania fan you wont be sorry
995	0	The first time I played this game, I was in the mall and it was cool! So I decided to get it when it came out. It's a lot more different looking than MK Trilogy. It looks more realistic also. The title says it all.....
409	0	Well as far as the person who sold this to me goes, the game came as described and in a well timed manner and I would shop here again.  However, the game itself is just not as fun as I remembered.
321	0	well atleast one of them worked what else could you want for the price. the other one works too just not all the time
401	1	A fun game all the way!! You just can't get enough of this fantastic wonderful game!!!!!!
990	1	i play this game with the interact wheel this game is very fun not as good as the other ones thoe 8/10
328	1	THIS IS THE MOST ABSOLUTE SUPERIOR GAME EVER MADE! You have almost no limits as to what you can do and there is always another secret or trick you can learn! Not only this but there are no limits to the fun you can have with this game. I enjoy the challenges and puzzles and new items and moves you have to get. If you are going to buy a game for Nintendo 64 this is the game to buy!!!
905	1	classic game for the ps1. i love it and it still makes me smile like it did when i was a kid. the new verisions cant compare to the original! whether you are a 90s child trying to relive your childhood or want to share it with the new generation, you will have hours of fun with everyone's favorite purple dragon
11	1	I love Sim. games very much but I did not like this Sim. game.  After I would have my little city all set up I would need to watch it like a hawk leaving me with almost no time to expand and improve on my little city.  I have been told to give this game another try but I just can not find a reason to go back and try this game again.
28	1	I remember playing this when I was 12. The story was great and I played it through more times than I can remember.
598	1	For those of you who haven't played Super Mario 64, I would like to say on behave of all of us that have, "your truly missing out!" Super Mario 64 was the very first video game I ever played on my Nintendo 64, so my review could be a little biased, but I just recently replayed the game from start to finish and it still has not lost its touch. It's a game for people that love adventures, puzzles, shooting, and the occasional flying. It never seizes to get old and the graphics are as good as they can get for the Nintendo 64.The object of the game is simple, Bowser has kidnapped Princess Peach, and you, Mario (the greatest Plummer in the world), must save her. Bowser is hiding somewhere in the castle and you must find him by collecting all of the hidden stars scattered throughout various paintings that give Mario his power. To find Bowser, you must climb to the top of the tower. Each floor requires a certain number of stars that have to be collected before you can move on. Every painting that has stars in them are magical paintings that Mario can jump through to transport himself to a different world were he can explore for stars.Overall, I rank the game a 9/10 for its creativity and several different ways it keeps players focused and entertained. The makers of Mario did a fantastic job integrating so many different aspects of gaming, which in turn made it so great. I hope that whoever is reading this can come to their senses and BUY THIS GAME!
964	1	I had to use a Gameshark to get the extra levels on this game.  It's tough.  It shows you just how hard it would be to be a secret agent.There are two features about this game that I really like.  The first is what I'd like to call maim-ability.  If you shoot someone in the leg, they'll hold onto their leg, same with the arm, the head, and even the groin.  Before this game, the most you could hope for was that characters would bleed when they were shot and fall down when they'd die.Still maim-ability doesn't mean that when you shoot them in the leg they won't be able to run again.  They'll limp for a few seconds and then be as good as new, except take a lot less shots to kill.Some of the tougher characters take a lot of hits before they're even to the point of getting to maim-ability.  You have to shoot the boss of the game 10 times in the head before he even shows signs of weakening.The second thing I like about this game is the spy feel of it.  You go on missions, and you work with gadgets (although some are indeed lame).  But the cool thing is, on some missions, you've got to be really quiet and sneaky.  You sneak down halls and pick off unsuspecting guards one by one with well-aimed shots.  Of course, if you get bored of that, you can always make a lot of noise, have a bunch of guards come after you, and blow everyone away.This game is pretty realistic.  There may be better games now, but during its time, this game was cutting-edge stuff.  It's worth remembering, even though it was hard as heck.  I usually just like playing the easy levels and maiming bad guys quietly.
213	1	This has to be one of the best Star Wars games ever made. It's on par with Jedi Knight/Dark Forces 2 and Knights of the Old Republic. It's one of the first games to nail the dog fights from the 1st Star Wars films. The controls are great and it's easy to get used to. It shows off planets that are both new and familer from the films like Hoth. If your a Star Wars nut like me, get it!!!
931	0	Golden Eye is widely considered one of the best FPS ever made. It is a great solid game, and I recommend this game to everybody.
323	1	The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of time is an incredible game and is one of my top ten games of all time, but it is neither the best N64 game or the best game in the series. It is the second best of both. The best N64 game is Mario 64, and the best Zelda game is the Wind Waker. That said, this is one of the most innovative, most fun, and most interesting games of all time. The overworld is HUGE, there are a ton of items and weapons to collect throughout the game, and there are plenty of interesting enemies and bosses to fight. Ocarina of Time is a true classic.Presentation- 90/100Graphics- 98/100Sound- 96/100Gameplay- 99/100Replay Value- 96/100Overall- 97.5/100
489	1	This wasn't widely released in America though those who have played it swear by it as being just as fun as Mario Kart 64. I agree with this comparison. However this has some fun twists that Mario Kart 64 lacks. One such twist is that laps occur when you get to the bottom of the hill and jump back on the lift. This can cause for some HILARIOUS chaos! If two racers have a good lead on opponents but are trying to bump each other out of the way to jump on the next lift chair, it can give other people a chance to catch up and possibly sneak onto a chair first if their opponents knocked each other over. I love this dynamic! Because it makes it more than just your average Mario Kart racing clone.Other features include the ability to buy new boards and perform aerial trick to earn extra cash. Money earned during a race can also be used to "buy" weapon items encased in boxes littered throughout a course. I also ought to mention the music; it's wonderful!!! It features bubbley techno music reminiscent of dance/pop groups like Aqua. You'll dig the energy the music provides.If you are a fan of Mario Kart 64 style crossfires, I think you'll find this is a unique addition to your N64 collection.
757	0	This game rules, this game is a classic and it rules. 10 out of 10 one of my favorites. But this is all nostalgic opinion, still 10/10
618	1	Without any doubt, 1080 Snowboarding is probably the best snowboarding game available.The difficulty of the controls are a little more difficult than other snowboarding games and may take a little bit more time to master, but it's well worth it. Landing correctly is also a little harder to do than normal.The mode and track selection is very nice, offering a nice variety of tracks and available modes. The tracks offer beautiful scenery, sometimes very big jumps, jumping over cars, and a lot more.The tricks and the stunts selection that you can perform is very reasonable. Although you can't go beyond 1080 degree turns, there are other tricks that you might not find in any other snowboarding game.1080 also includes a Training mode, which includes two different sections, the halfpipe and a straight run with moguls. When you begin, you can turn into the left gate for the halfpipe to practice your tricks, or you can head into the right gate for a straight downhill run with moguls scattered all over. When you finish, you start back up at the main gate and you keep going until you decide to quit.1080 also has a few secret riders and boards within the game.Overall, 1080 is probably the best snowboarding game around, without any doubt. Would be definitely worth buying.
772	1	I would say this is one of the the best ps1 games ever. I play it on my ps3.It is fun from riding a tiger to running around spinning bad guys. This is child friendly but also adults love it.It has good graphics, good gameplay, good ideas and lots of levels and replay value. Get this you won't miss out.
556	1	This game is defanitly worth the time and money.(...)You can choose from either mario grand prix,VS.,battle,or time trial.In mario grand prix you choose from a wide selection of characters wich one you want to be.You Can pick from four different cups,each with four different race tracks.Then it's time to race as you play against the 7 other characters.Up to 4 people can play mario grand prix.In VS.,you play against one computer character or 2 family members or friends.You can choose any course is the game.Up to 3 can play VS.In the battle mode up to four can play.You get 3 balloons and the other player(s) try to pop them.The last one standing wins.Up to 4 can play battle mode.Finally,in time trial only one person plays.You can choose any course,you try to make a good time and if you want,you can try to beat it.Only one player can do time trial.Mario Kart is a Great game and if you have a N64,GET IT!
753	1	I enjoyed the first Hawx game. However they left out some key things in Hawx 21) No coop mode - I really enjoyed that2) Can't choose your own plane right off the bat. You have to use whatever they tell you.Those two things will make me not play this game anymore!
446	0	So, it's definitely original, and true to formula, but there are a few aspects about this game that just don't make sense to me. The cell-shaded graphics take some getting used to, but I like them.My biggest complaint is that sometimes I'd be sailing somewhere, and could leave, make a sandwich, eat that sandwich, and come back, and still not be at my destination. Also, not including the side-objectives, it's a relatively short game.Is it better? No. Is it a Zelda worthy of the title? Yeah. I recommend at least playing it before making judgments or assumptions.
106	1	This is the perfect RPG for beginners, since it gives you the very basics of gameplay, but nothing amazingly spectacular except for a few interesting  bits that will fuel your interest in the genre. Just be aware of the fact  that this game is rather dull.My two reasons for not liking the plot is  that: A) there is no central villain (and no villain at all for some three  quarters of the game), so you basically get into combat for no reason at  all; and B) next to none of the six characters in your party exhibit  anything close to a personality (unless you count the fairy-style innocent  frolicking a personality). Well, naturally, a couple of minutes before the  final battle you are introduced to an actual villain (&quot;Kill the  Goddess! Kill the Goddess!&quot;), but the personality (or lack thereof)  problem is never fixed. Also, throughout the entre plot, the writers seem  to be trying to tap into a wealth of nostalgia when there simply isn't one.  This game has it all: friends parting and meeting again; runaway  princesses; guilt-ridden characters; many-year lapses; characters willingly  dying in combat against you; cameo appearances of characters from past BoF  games; and much, much more.The combat in the game is handled in the  standard RPG fashion: turn-based, hit points, magic points, levels, you  know the drill. Oh, yes, there is the famous &quot;turn-into-dragons&quot;  bit, but there is no change in the interface - you merely look different  and have different spells for the duration of combat. I do not like the way  combat is handled graphically - the characters simply square off against  the foes (there is no special battle screen) and swing into the empty space  until the foe is dead. There are also a few annoying bits (it takes eight  seconds to escape from combat; during the eight seconds the characters  merely stand in place; it takes equally as long to quit menus; you travel  far too slowly, etc., etc., etc.)The music is nothing overly  spectacular. In fact, I rarely even noticed it. The graphics feature 2D  sprite characters on pale, low-detail 3D backdrops, bu since you can rotate  them, the illusion of the characters blending in is lost.Like I said  above, this is a nice trial run of the genre. Nothing spectacular but  nothing horrid.
711	1	I've never played the Playstation version of this game and this was my  first time playing any sort of Final Fantasy game.  I originally purchased  it to watch the computer animation but quickly fell in love with the world,  the characters, and the dozens of things to do.You start off playing  Cloud (or whatever you decide to name him) and are an ex-soldier now  fighting for a group called Avalanche who want to shut down a company  called Shinra because they're using Mako energy to power the city.  Mako  energy is the life energy of every living thing on the planet and once its  used up the planet will die.  From there you're quickly plunged into a  story about love, betrayal, duty, and saving the world.I easily got 40+  hours of gameplay and the story blew me away.  Every time yu think you know  what's going on another clue pops up and blows everything else away.  There's an even balance between combat and actual RPG where you talk to  folks in towns.This game also has great replayibility with dozens of  sub-quests and side games to keep you busy.  Can you raise a gold chocobo?  Can you defeat all three weapons?  Can you find all the mega-elixers?  Can  you gain the secret characters?  Can you find everyone's super technique  and ultimate weapons?The story was amazingly detailed, the characters  were all unique, and the game pulled no punches.  I highly reccomend it.
248	0	I remembered a time my older brother borrowed this game from a friend of his. I liked it so much but when it came to the time for my brother to give it back i was upset. But no worries I was 7 at the time when that happened now that I'm older i was able to buy my own copy.
976	0	Well, with a million reviews already, this makes it even easier for me. One of the original and best action/adventure games for the PS, you can't go wrong with Spyro (and the proceeding sequels). Owned the game a while back but my nephew somehow lost it. I completed it fully, an I'm about to play through it again, even though it's been like 8 years. Never got the sequels but I'm getting them from here now. Got 5 more PlayStation classics to go, including Spyro 2 and 3.
733	0	The original Spyro is an incredibly fun game. Although not nearly as refined as Year of the Dragon, or Ripto's Rage, the classic Spyro is still hours of fantastic entertainment.
119	1	This game definitly fits the thought I had of a snowboarding game when I set out to buy one. The graphics are moderately realstic, the control is ok, and the sound is mediocre. I think they could of done a lot better job designing a game like this, but this edition suffices.It is one of the only snowboarding games on the N64, which was one of the reasons i bought it. Another reason is the outstanding multiplayer coordination. I bought this as soon as I played it at a friend's house. You unfortunatley play with only 2 players at a time, but it is still fun to play your friend head to head.  There are 6 courses, and under single player you can also do half pipe and air make. There are 5 characters that you can use to race, and more of which you can unlock. since there are only 60 head to head course combinations, there are other things you can do, like trick or time attacks.This can take a bit to get used to, as it can be boring for the single player. If you have a will and a friend however, this game will surely be worth it.
166	0	Even though this game is so good,I think you should get Spyro 1 first.Spyro the Dragon gets you to a demo that leads to this.I know you'll like it.If you have Spyro 1 then try the demo!That is what I did.
965	1	Works great!Another cool thing, even if a song doesn't have "harmony" (parts for more than one singer) you can still do fake-harmony as all mics plugged in remain active.  However, the back-up singers will not be rated and will actually mess with the lead as the game doesn't differentiate what mic is being used for lead UNLESS there actually is a harmony part.  Meaning = if you're just singing to party, you can use all three mics on any song and they'll all just be treated as lead.  Pretty cool when you have a room full of mic hogs around the house like we do.  lol  It's just like when people would gang up all on one mic during a song, but now they actually feel like rock stars having their own mics.  For this reason, we just always keep all three mics plugged in and anyone can just pick one up and join in.  Just don't expect a good score ;-)
246	1	Tomb Raider was one of the first games I completed and it was tough. Really challenging throughout and educational, one of the most intriguing and fun games to pass while shooting at random things and at Dinosaurs and Bears and other animals, really great!
760	1	This game was a very fun game. You basicly go to a castle and you jump into a paintings.. each one leading you into a different world... and in every world... you have to find 7 stars... (one of em is the 100 coin star where you need to collect 100 coins then it pops up it's the hardest star to get)there's 16 worlds in all... most worlds take hours to complete so this game well be well worth it.. This game right here is history... It's one of Nintendo's biggest hits... and when you buy this game you'll soon find out why:)
998	1	When my cousin first got this on his birthday, I was thinking &quot; this is just gonna be like all the other snowboarding games I've played&quot;.  Man was I wrong!  With 8 levels of exciting, heart stopping jump, twists and turns, this is one game you don't wanna miss.  It has all the best modes, Match Race&lt;this is where you earn hidden levels against the computer&gt;, 2 Player, Trick Attack, Time Attack,and Contest, this is one game that won't get tiring fast.  Heed this warning:if you buy this game, don't go after the 1080 just yet, it's hard to master.  What more do I have to say?  Buy this game!
609	1	This game was alright but definately had more flaws. The other TM's are way better than this one. But this one wasnt that bad it was good
823	1	I was feeling nostalgic so I bought this game along with a few others to relive my childhood. It's as much fun as I remember! There's always plenty to do, from finishing levels to completing timed flight races. Even if you beat the final boss in the game, you can keep playing to collect all the gems and find all the dragons. Once you do that, you get to open up new content! Even at 100% complete, there's STILL more to do, not to mention the replayability of the game is superb. Definitely worth the buy!
