852	3	i am red  i am blue  i am yellow like corn in my stew
836	2	doges are fun doges are cool doges are funny doges messy doges are a lot of work but you should get a dog.
280	2	awsome  am awsome and i need walks
575	3	summer is the best of all it's better than winter,  spring,  or fall you can dive and swim in the pool so you won't be hot,  but you will be cool summer is also really great because you can stay up very late another reason summer is cool is you don't have to go to your school i do like summer,  spring,  winter,  and fall but this is why summer is the best of all!
208	3	friendship is like a river,  love is like a rose,  friendship flows forever; love blossoms and grows.
609	3	i watch them play i love their soft skin they are so cute when they cry they cheer you up when you are down oh how i love  puppies
932	3	i once met a kangarro, that went on a cruise,  it knocked down  plates and chairs it made a mess everywhere, it kicked and knocked people out from head to toe without a doubt, it was vicous it was mean it even ate limabeans.
725	1	one day i ate,  pancakes, eggs, bacon, and ice cream.
47	1	slavery is bad, its also sad, but when the slaves get mad, they talk to their dad
985	1	there was a young boy from sarnia who loved the cronacals of narnia.  he loved it so much he watched it alot.  he started to plot and that boy was a cat.
337	1	i've seen no feet like a parakeet's,  coarse as a crocodile,  scratching arms of the trees.   the fragrance of onion fills the air,  when you enter a room with a dirty parakeet,  without a single care.   but the song of this bird is quite beautiful you see,  so it really does not matter,  that it has ugly feet.
581	3	what has a hardrive as wonderful as this? why is this your  keyboard miss? this moniter of yours,  why its amazing.  all this stuff about computers is crazing! well now you know about this poem,  please don't tell boem!
155	1	i spy i see you,  i have won you lots of times,  i beat you to,  your friend carnt beat me.
692	2	pizza pizza pizza i made you out of clay. pizza pizza pizza pizza with pizza i will play. pizza pizza pizza with eat every bit :3!
862	2	roses are red violets are blue your teeth are balled up and so are your shoes
790	2	spring fun is there,  time to play ball,  the base is loaded,  but no where to fall.
572	2	april fools day is o so very cool when you stick a spider on that lovely                fool
241	3	basketball is my favorite sport.   i like the way you dribble up and down the court.  just like i'm the king of the microphone so its dr.  j and moses malone i like slam dunks that take me to the hoop my favorite play is the ally oop i like the pick and roll i like the give and go  cause its basketball  im mr.  harry toe.
992	1	sometimes you have best friends but those friendships may go to there ends some days your happy  some days your sad but when a friend cheers you up you might just might be glad sometimes you say goodbye but you try not to cry and then you meet up again because you are best friends
788	3	when i graduate,  it will feel like climbing a mountain always going higher and closer to success  when i graduate,  it will feel like a door opening to success going to a whole new level  when i graduate,  i will feel more useful like the nile river to egypt and filled with more pride than a lion  when i graduate,  it will feel life opening a curtain in the morning seeing a new day filled with possibilities.
980	1	you put me up so high i have to cry sometimes no one can see me because your so cheesy and id wish you'd put me down cause im getting weesy
498	3	my love goes deep like a hole to china my love is strong like a shot of moonshine my love falls on everyone like the rain.
107	1	i had to adopt a cat i didn't want it to be fat i picked one that was pretty but then i thought it bit me i took it home that day it laid down in the hay i played with her later and then named her tater i switched it to peaches and then i saw leeches i thought i should smash 'em then peaches ate 'em she was sick the next day she layed in hay i nursed her to health and i have loved her since.
767	3	when these shoes hit the ground,  they light up and make a peculiar sound.  this squeak is just so wacky,  it's enough to drive you mad.   the laces are like curly q's and the heels have a springy bounce.  so when you act like a lion,  you will have the greatest pounce.
839	3	sometimes i remember the good old days.   hugging my favorite stuffed deer.   sitting down on my bed.   i'm wearing my little size four bathrobe.   just waiting for my mom to turn of the lights.    i still can't imagine anything better than that.
931	1	everyday i sit and wonder what life would have been if you were still here.  holding,  touching,  and kissing me and telling me how much you love me.  hearing those words made me feel so good inside. but now that you're gone i don't know what to do anymore or how i'm going to make it through another day.  so here i sit,  trying to find the missing pieces of my heart.
300	3	bam!!!  i looked up,  it was a home run,  it's shadow was in my eyes,  so i raised my arm,  then i closed my hand,  clutching the ball.
386	3	my favorite month is june its so colorful and hot my whole family loves it alot.  i cant wait for june in the future we will live in the moon
490	2	what if i was a millionaire then i'd be the happiest person on the earth  what if i had a car then i'd drive around town and go to the mall  what if i was a bird then i'd go flying high into the sky  what if i had no hair then i'd look pretty weird  what if there was no world then i probaly would not be writting this  what if i was blind then i could not see my favorite color  what if i did not have a house then i probably would not be here  what if there were no animals then the world would not be a good place  what if ther were no music then the world would be boring  what if there were non of these things then i dont know what the world would be like
918	1	i loved you.  you loved me.  but    it had to end.  because another girl stood in our way till today.
49	1	wind is slient.   wind is powerful.   wind is almighty.   wind is distructive.   wind is peaceful.
216	2	i ate a lot in one day i didn't want games i didn't want to play 14 toaster stroodles 18 subs 16 plates of buttered noodles now thats good grub 29 chicken legs 40 beets 47 hard boiled eggs that is food you have to eat 80 fish 3 chocolate shakes then a dish  of ice cream cake    600 dishes of yummy custard then oh dread  after millions of hotdogs with mustard i was dead!!!!
887	2	bird your red face bird you leave no trace bird come to me bird your magic wasmeant to be bird you fly so high bird into the sky
73	3	i am warm and tasty you could eat me.   i have an apple filling in me.   i am round.   i look like a flat ball but you cant bounce me.  you could smell my sweet filling as i cook.   you could cut me in a 1/2 or more.   people like to make me and eat me.   i am a dutch apple pie
125	2	i am as fast as a limo.  i am as sweet as a dog.  i am as hot as a pot.  i am as sunny as the sun.  i am as cold as the stone mountain.
565	2	i promise to uphold  the jedi code.  i     promise to respect all life and to help those weaker than myself; to use the force only for good; never to draw my lightsaber in anger,  only to defend those who cannot defend themselves.
262	2	iâ’m sweet and delicious and full of caffeine if you shake me up i might explode parents hate me for i give cavities to their kids but children love me for my superb taste when you open me up i fizz to the top sometimes i fizz over the rim and make a sticky mess i have a nickname and that name is pop iâ’m a great combination with popcorn and chips iâ’m 1 of the things children buy at the movies i have many flavors and mouthwatering are they i might rot your teeth but that is okay for here iâ’m a favorite drink and a favorite drink iâ’m here to stay
717	1	the garden  the garden is full of greens it is sprouting some beans it gives the smell of a forest while keeping the look like a colorful florist  it provides something to watch grow  see what was seeds long ago the hanging plants and tall trees keep shade for those who is in need  no need for a patch of land some pots and pans will do for plants to stand succulent plants for lazy people  who donâ’t water plants and like the needles  this is my garden whoâ’s growing each day while i water them each with a spray soon we all have some food which is organic and might be stewed
596	1	kitten                       funny, playful         jumping, laying, running     loving to play with sticks.                  missy
669	3	almost every afternoon,  i eat jellybeans with a straw.  every evening right at five i eat jellybeans on the roof.  i love to eat jellybeans.   i eat,  eat,  and eat them almost everywhere! if you wish i'll eat them in a pool,  on a chimney,  or in the rain! i love jellybeans! don't ask me why because. . .  i just do!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
309	2	known of divine origin,  is the water we take in.   is a part of the basics,  five that we take in to sustain our life.   water is the origin,  water is the taker,  the most abundant element on the planet is water.   formed of two elements is this life sustaining element,  without water,  what to do,  but lose our present.   water is beautiful as much as essential,  firm to ears is its sound so much musical.   colourless yet so colourful,  water is what supports a life bountiful.   known is water for its purity,  clean in its content,  absolute of serenity.   this abundant availability of the globe faces a threat today,  thus itâ’s time we should make a hay.   troubled of the burgeoning pollution and industrialization,  clean water available is at its minimum.   hundreds of thousands desert of this utmost necessity,  itâ’s we who,  squander it unaware of its availability.   my beloved friends,  neither me nor you can end this scarcity,  one in one and so on,  must we make up to unity.   save water! save water! save water! is what we need say,  if not get set to face the dooms day.   water is life,  water is health,  no doubt,  itâ’s even wealthier than all the worldâ’s wealth.  save water,  save life.
803	3	rose are red volit's are blue i can give you 7 reasons why i love you
877	3	i cry with the tears you once did,  and you always discover what's wrong with me.  we were once in the same body, even though i'm nobody.  when i need you you are always there,  but when you need me i turn the other way.  you always know when i'm sad and is probably because we are one.  you are the most beautiful thing that god made for me.  you know me really well and give me your support. . . that's why i want to say thanks for everything mom.
848	1	i love the plantes,  i love the german shapreds.  i like my life.
580	1	today i got sunscreen in my eyes.  yesterday i got caught in poison oak.  the other day i went to the store and broke my leg on the door.  the next day i woke up in the hospital with a dog knocking on my door.  that dog would not go away until i scared it away.  a bird came threw my window and bit off my finger.  today is the worst day ever.
864	3	blue is the color of my soul when i am    surprised.  blue sounds like the loud deafening    crash of the ocean's waves.  blue is the shining sky on a perfect     morning.  blue makes me feel relaxed on a cool    autumn evening.  blue is the best color ever!
447	1	i lay there watchin a beautiful sight that shimmers at night at twelve am i take my kite and let it go it falls straight to the ocean that shimmers.
484	2	snowman snowman your not a home man we can't go on a ride but please don't hide i'll build you a snow-woman 'cause your not a lone man
418	1	which path do i take,  please help me for goodness sake,  how will i know,  which way to go.
147	2	this dog stole my money  and gave it to my pet bunny.   honey,  my bunny thought  it was funny.  honey was being a dummy,  for hiding it in the kitchen,  where my dad found it and mistaked it for some chicken! the chicken was bad and tasted like a  rag.  after that he ran to go get a bag.  the bag was full and exploded all over the furry wool!
556	1	i will remeber you  even when i am of a great age  i hope she remebers me too  as i wrote upon this page    she died of cancer  i loved her so  i need an answer  you didn't need t go   be strong  for me i do not hate  as i no it will not be long   for i just need my own space
323	1	the outside is made of bricks that are stacked; the inside creaks and has cracks; the wood floors are stained; the windows have shattered pains; the ceilings are painted white;  and boy does the house look great on a dark night; if you were to see this house during day light it would give you such a fright.
37	3	the cool breeze is great i love the cold wind on my face i whistle at it
586	3	memories frolic in the heart of my mind.  those times of when we loved,  shared smiles,  and treasured every moment together.  those times of hatred and angry that were washed away with the sands of time in the tides of our fondness altogether.  all have become an everlasting footprint for my heart to journey with until the end of mankind.    but,  now our lives have become a crossroad and it appears our wonderful voyage has reached its end,  our bond of rare-kind.  my heart stops,  my eyes water,  and my body trembles to the thought of our departure,  but it is not me who wishes to dismember our bond,  our delicate feather.  it is life who sows our separate lives and will assort us in our proper destinations for us to endeavor.  but,  life is a mysterious creature whose unseen works may twine our lives together and rekindle the light of our friendship,  our bond of rare-kind.    and,  if  life does,  indeed,  tie our lives together,  then,  surely,  our friendship will be forevermore,   dwelling in the realms of eternal life of our divine.  so,  if we truly must depart,  let it be with a joyous smile and a warm heart,  for although we depart,  our friendship will flourish with every passing day and never sever.  and so it is with this,  i bid you a goodbye,  but not a goodbye to our lives,  our bond,  or our love,  its beauty as elegant as a white feather.  no,  it is only goodbye for now and hope for a prosperous future,  for as life shall have it,  we were destined to be together forever entwine.
438	1	girl          pretty, sweet      shoping, crying, laughing   dance, makeup, football, basetball      sleeping, fighting, flirting           cute, sweet             boy
409	1	often days  are not the same,  people say that its almost a game.   to  see the winter flying to leave the light.  i wish  i could understand first,   but no matter,  i stood up  now wearing up my coat and cap.   thinking of snow fall to come.  to enjoy the movement,  i guess to start.   but now mother,  tells me to help her out.   i guess to enjoy these winters,  but i am busy during these gliters  i say to people to enjoy these lights,   as i say good bye good bye!!!!!!
52	2	friends 'til the end,  that's how it should be,  together is good but together is bad secrets are secrets til they are blabbed out.  friends are friends 'til friendship breaks.  sometimes we wish we never met and glance different ways.  but by the next day,  we're laughing together.  friendship is a mystery.
599	1	gray as grandmas hair gives a sneaky stare yellow glowing eyes my kitty is so sly  in day he comes alive his searching beady eyes prowling through the night comes home after a fight  my cat
687	3	shoes shoes are very cool  the ones who wouldnt buy are a fool my favorite are the yellow they make me feel very mellow
879	0	a grave yard all dark and spooky,  with a young girl standing in the middle all alone  the tombstone the girl  is in front of is diffirent than the others it's a upside down cross  , all the stones are smashed  together close and white   ,  the emotions have diapered for this young girl,  she wears the mask to cover her shame ,  and to cover that smile she has under it,             the shame to hide her feelings for a guy,  the feelings of love  and feeling wanted ,  her idea of black hair and pale skin the man she want is the one shell die for the man she will slave to the man she calls                                        ricky horror
716	2	one morning when i awoke my kitten had horns.   it was sleeping on my bed.   i woke up my mom.   even she ran with me and the horns were gone.   what was the problem mom asked? i remarked,  ''nothing! when she left the horns came back.  then i knew it was a devil!
243	1	the wild horses are running all day long,  they continue running until the break of dawn.  as if the west has no end,  they run with it like it was their friend.  when they finally get some rest,  they will soon wake up to run their best.  they keep running and running all day with the wind,  then come tomorrow morning it will start all over again.
131	3	charlie you are my baby brother i love you forever and always your soft fur and your big green eyes your pur when your happy i love you and i always will!
562	2	his big white furry tail makes him look like snow.  his black eyes are darker than night.  his little feet are like a baby's feet.  when you throw the ball,  you can see his little legs moving.  casper is the cutest thing.
219	1	rain during the bad storm  raindrops pellet the flowers on the darkest night \t
95	1	from the moment i wake up to the second i fall asleep,  your face invades my every dream the day dreams to the ones under the starry sky youâ’re always on my mind
808	1	the mountain is bright  as it stands in the sunlight by the riverside
82	1	as i watched the three children walk through the night i saw them shiver full of fright.  as the road twists and turns they reach the haunted house on horror hill.  as they tapped the door for it to open they were unaware of the danger before them.  they walked through the house always together hoping to find old mr. weathers. they walked to 1,  2,  3 more places and finally at the top they saw familiar faces.  for at the top they saw mom and pop and good old mr. weathers and the three children felt so much better because finally they were all together and could  finally leave the haunted house forever.
696	3	willow tree willow tree always free,  heart,  mind,  soul together always free  summer days always free.   hearts,  minds set free.   hope,  peace set free or to be captive inside all of the its days.  in a warm summer day free always free.  me,  you'll find me beside my willow tree!
306	3	one day i woke up covered in stripes,  i looked as funny as a bagpipe.   my mother was a tree,  my father was a bee.  we had a bad case of the flu.   it made us turn blue.  whatever we talked about,  we looked that,  then i began to pout.  we met some elves,  that turned us back to ourselves!
956	2	when i awoke one morning a mouse was on my head i asked what are you doing there it looked at me and said i am looking for some crumbs on your head i'm sorry but can i please go to bed on your head yes you may good night.
144	3	i loved him once       he loved me too     i went away but came back for you        he always loved me i always loved you,  and through this all,  i know we'll pull through.
999	3	the ocean is a peacefull place fuls and terns fly briefly aloft waves of blue,  so gentle and soft all are happy in this space
415	1	youâ’ve been the fabric of my existence,   that has sewn us together for so long.   but once you left we came to the end of the spool.  i wish we could be sown together again,  but&#x85;  all the fabric has fallin apart.  it feelâ’s like thereâ’s only one pea in this pod.  because one of them has fallin out for good.  and i wasnâ’t there that faithful day when one of us went to fall off the vine.  i was at home waiting for a horrible cry.  a cry,  a laugh,  a smile,  pain or misery,  waiting for one of these things to come! and once it did&#x85;  i was dead for the words that came from me was oneâ’s i will always dread,   i said,  â“itsâ’ not like she died or anything. â” and she did.  she did and then i realized that the saying,  â“you donâ’t really miss something until itâ’s gone. â” is the truest statement ever created by man! who ever said that knew exactly what he was saying.  because if that wasnâ’t true i wouldnâ’t even be thinking of any of the words iâ’m writing.  i have spent all most every night talking to her but&#x85; iâ’ve never an answer.  any answer.  any answer that might even come to mind&#x85; one single word coming from her to me.  one salable,  one sound one letter.  i would know iâ’m not talking to air.  if i ever did get an answer i would cherish it for as long as my memory could take it.  even longer then life,  even longer then death,  even longer then an eternity.  no amount of time could sum up what that would be like.  ~grandma july 20,  2003 i will always remember you.
548	3	i come in all shapes and sizes.  with lot's of surprises.  i change colors in the fall,  and the children have a ball.  when they jump on me they fill with glee.  so can't you see i am a leaf.  the end.  what a relief.
4	2	you have a best friend if ther not mean,  you have a best friend if ther nice, you  have a best friend at your school,  you sould have a best friend everywhere you go. whats your best friends name ? remuber you can have more then one best friend.
704	1	dog           brown, black      running,  barking, panting    white, gray, sweet, sleepy sleeping, scracing, yawning        nice,  tired            cat
707	2	life is hard but also sweet   life is hard but its so sweet  life is hard but its just meat
143	3	i like dogs,  they are cute.  i know one who can play the flute.  he is so adorable,  and he is so loveable.  i got a peep,  when he was asleep.  he will play,  in the day.  he wil bark,  in the dark.
269	1	my life has been hard  but i have found my way  this way  that way up and down  and all around.                                                               my life deals with   big sis     mid sis  and         lil sis  three of a kind  all are are going  to shock my mind.     my life is easy       how             why     you say  the time has come   for us to get away.
926	2	there was a rat in the hat then the rat came out of the hat the  rat said hello
479	1	robert is my neighbor our family thinks he's crazy but i don't think he is         ever since he moved     robert was my best friend today we are best friends.
284	1	heres a great book,  come take a look , it's so fine i'll make a rhyme, now what should i call it?
889	3	there is a bunny on my hunny,  he is very funny, dont u think? little bunny wont you please go find me my hunny you scared away
951	3	when i awoke one morning an owl was on my  head  i asked what are you doing there  it looked at me and said  your head is very comfy so is your sisters  i made a nest on your head.
294	3	my hands are are awesome they help me almost everything! they play the trumpet, catch baseballs,  and let me type what i am typing and much more. they can also hold my snowboard when i am walking and hold the handle bars for my scooter. my hands rule!
950	3	my favorite part about my body is my brain.  why. . . because the brain is the one who commands every body part, and because its not because of the color, its because the brain is one of the important part of the body.  the brain is the best part of the human body!
13	2	money is awesome. money is green but i am not sure if it is keen. i spend money i spend it so i spend my money like little toe. because my toe is money and it is so. but it is gone booooooooo!!!!
705	3	tweet tweet flap flap those birds make so many nests by my house tweet tweet flap flap be quite birds
515	1	when you go outside,  they are small,  when you sit down,  they are really tall,  some people are big,  some people are tall,  but i'm really small.
751	3	you live it you hear it  you see it you breath it you dance you prance you sing a song its in your soul its in your mind every where you go you find, music
356	3	oh my friend,  my sweet friend i am the one,  who wants you to make a better one may be you don't know may be you don't care but i know i am the one who wants you to make a better one  you don't know you don't care who is the one,  who love you the most i am the one who love you the most you don't love you don't care you don't know you don't show you don't want you don't say who is the one let me show you let me teach you what is love what is caring what is knowing what is showing what is saying to one who just love you who just care for you who just think only about you,  about you who is the one,  who can die for you,  who is the one,  who can't live without you just find out,  the true love,  the true friend  i am your best friend may be you don't know may be you don't care but i know i am the one who want you to make a better one just find out the loving one the caring one
121	1	racers watching in defeat bosses lying at your feet  monsters waiting to be slain   villians screaming out in pain   deer sitting out so lame   because anything can happen in video games
621	1	judiah  arizona son of mike and ruby elisha weir and david mink my 2 dogs tiger and cosmo and a cat thumper i love my friends and family i fear spiders and pittbulls i would to visit my uncle that lives in tennessee i love to play baseball  i long  for my grandma to be a live still i love celebrating christmas people describe me as funny, cool, weird, and cute
909	2	santa claus red suited,  jolly smiling,  jingling,  giving an enigma to children worldwide
895	1	when i hear those noises i stop and think who could it be.  i stop and wonder if they are in my family.  are they dying? are they burning,  or are they hurting? i cry to <br/>\nmyself and say who could it be.  i stop and think. . .
983	3	crazy monkey saves the day. crazy monkey come and play. crazy monkey you are fun.  crazy monkey we just won!!!!!!!!!! uh-oh crazy monkey is done!
472	1	wisconsin            cold,  sunny      swiming,  freezing,  raking           a place to live               home
477	1	gray,  dangerous wolf hunting for food he feels full now!
863	3	the flowers are blooming and the trees are growing.  the sea is speaking to you while you are sleeping. the thunder roars of great madness and the heat of the air is beginning to soften. that is nature as i know it!
955	3	i am beautiful to me,   i am not small but i am tall.   i love the way my loushious blonde hair whips through the wind.  i love the way my bright blue eyes glow in the snow.  i love the way i am.  my house hold may be kind of crazy,  with seven sisters,   it can cause a lot of blisters.  i am beautiful to me.
295	3	much cooler than a rockstar  much cooler than a bear  much cooler than american idol thats how cool my dad is.
729	1	you get up at bat and hit a home run,  the crowd is cheering as you pass third base,  the outfielders can't see 'cause of the sun,  as you are running home at a fast pace.  a player gets up as three strikes go by,  now that's three outs and we are in the field.  christina is up and hits a pop fly,  i am scared and use my glove as a shield.  there's a thud in my glove,  and it's the ball,  surprisingly,  i got somebody out.  i try to make a double play,  but fall.  i get right back up and don't make a pout.  our team makes two more outs,  therefore we win,  we now leave the field with bug,  happy,  grins.
378	0	stuck in vicious days  between nightmares i lay  in ugly thoughts i live  take nothing but give  body has been exhausted   mind has been corrupted  try to improve  but nowhere i can fit and groove  usefulness is no more for me  tiresome prevented to set me free  maybe&#x85;if i slept in soil  where no one can join  there i can flee
641	1	i feel the cool wind snowflakes falling down on me winter is cold.
753	3	love is the times we share <br>''love''</br> <br>love is the sudden glare</br> <br>''love''</br> <br>love is crazy, but, oh so sweet</br> <br>''love''</br>  love is like a childrens book that you open <br>''love''</br>  <br>times are unspoken</br> <br>''love''</br>
58	1	the speed of 65 dropped down to 1 mile                                    heard a car crash; 911's on speed dial,                                     made the call then rushed towards the scene;                                   the cause of the crash was just a young drunken teen;                                   d. u. i.                                                                           is the reason why                                          many people die                          under the age of 25  drinking under the influence can `cause you to never reminisce             'cause you don't have the common sense to never drink and drive                             d. u. i.
798	1	the path i walk means  i don't want to be stalked   but the path i choose is schooling that means i won't be fooling  so if you don't like it  then just forget it.
371	1	the water is flowin i realy must be going as we sat on a mat eating lunch with our cat crunch
271	1	woe to the aztecs and inca woe to the native indians of america for the spannish conquistadors have come they bring with them cannons and guns they carry swords uniquly crafted in toledo each made to be swung with a deadly blow how tales of the conquistadors have spread throughout the land the indians dread and fear their coming as they rest in their bed then the time comes and destructive men on horses arrive the tribes fight to keep alive  then the see that the end has come as disease affects old and young the conquistadors turned the indians into slaves all the praise of their victory was celebrated far off in spain but from the indians came sorrow,  hate,  and shame woe to the indians for the conquistadors had come.
974	1	at night running in some freight  saying why night,  why night , why isn't it light wolves growling hearing nothing but trees screaming and  flying around until i am home fighting some bites saying finally, finally yes home alright.
169	2	my friends are cool nice as well they make me do good choices like  eating well  i've help them too with all their  needs but the most important rule  is to let them lead  if they are mean then they're not  your friend so let yourself understand that's all to know about your friends
239	1	bob is cool  bob is funny  bob is a boy  who is bob bob is stephen  bob is weird
207	0	when i lay cold and stiff and my eternal world lies in mystery then the departing cruelties creeps for which you may not know dear my cruel farewell is not fair.  no mourn should be flushed with fear on my stiff corpse dear .   the agony may fill you me being just morning dew .  i need to fade away will be never coming in your way .  waiting for me not gives thy gain for tomorrow thorn of darkling sorrow  .  yet to forget me as ripple i lay motionless in coffin as cripple.  my time has end me not he god send.   i am happy that you are not my side but miles away happy as bride.  cherishing the unknown victory now it is my time to bid a formal goodbye shall come again from high .   yester   night you wept loud in my dream held my shoulder for solace but the ecstasy lasted just a blink&#x85;          the western horizon nibbed the rays me lay pale on tomb to bid adieu to thee.
358	1	i had a round trampoline,  it was really green,  i bounce up and down,  and saw all the town.
874	1	fun rough running catching talking touch down for ny giants hail mary.
600	3	god. .   blessings  showering on prayful guided souls   dressings sounds of shining mercies in abundance paths finding ways in destinies lifes lessons  wraths absolving their differences in peace  shooting stars rayfully gliding across wishes  heavenly clouds leave a mark in different shapes   joys of laughter in graceful dreams of hopes  helpful hands joining together in earnest wisdoms   unfolding chapters of delightful impactful stories  picturesque diamond polished souls playing parts
509	1	staring in a t. v all day,  not going to do my homework first no way.  have levels to beat and objectives to complete.   i've got  the dual controller in my hand when it comes to games i'm a fan.  x-box,  gamecube,  playstation 2,  sega dreamcast and n- 64 too.
434	2	roses are red,  violets are blue,  you are sweet,  and thank you, too!
585	2	spanish class is like broken glass i hope it goes fast  it's my last class dont call on me last i hope i pass or maybe i dont i dont know do you???? well why wont you answer  the end
34	3	i love my hair,  it is such a fair,  with a golden glare,  i love my hair.
634	1	k. g can dunk wally can run billups can shoot 3 point shots brandon can dish k. g and the t'wolves can win,  beat those lakers k. g can get 20 rebounds a game wally can score 20 points a game billups can 10 assist  but brandon can have 10 more k. g and t'wolves can win ,  beat those celtics t'wolves can win beat them all!
433	2	soft sand at your feet    the sun melting into the ocean      the crystal ocean shines
311	3	ruff,  ruff,  is what i hear lizzy and bella are lying down laughing play,  play all day every day two little children,  two best friends i long,  long,  long to love them two angels,  two pests i love
701	1	when i awoke one morning,  a bug was on my head.
475	2	when i awoke one morning,  a fly was on my head.  i asked.  ''what are you doing there?'' it looked at me and said,  ''your head tastes like cookies; just like a baby nooky. '' how does my head taste? like a cookie? just like a baby nooky.  he said, ''it just does. '' i'm done,  can you read me my booky? i won't read you your booky; i just won't read it to you.
331	3	i hope a slurpul was purple slurpul was next to purple  and purple spilled on the slurpul thats how a slurpul turned purple
473	2	there onece was a man with the broom   -all the the while he sat on his broom so he rather went zoom than went kaboom went the man with the broom.
615	3	climbing up the tree meeting you in the treehouse listening for life.
7	2	if i lived on mars. it would always be sandy. i would see the stars. and eat lots of candy.
421	3	warriors all the way they are here to stay they always win their games they are never lame  they shoot they score hip hip horay!
266	3	i am in love with the hottest flame.  i watch him play numerous games.  i stand a distance from him,  so i wonâ’t get too hot.   i write a poetic note to watch him ponder and wonder.  spring love is such a magical moment to cherish.  i am in love.   love is a dream,  a hope,  a significant moment.  love makes you do unusual things.  love happens everywhere,  if you look close youâ’ll see it there.  love is a happy thing.   i am in love with a boy who makes me smile.  i get weak in the knees when he smiles.  i watch him go everywhere,  except the one place girls are not allowed.  i am in love.
56	1	school is cool and is not to drool,  school has rules and not for fools,  school picks us up in the bus,  so don't be late and don't you fuss,  because when the bell rings school is out and then everyones out and about!
384	1	your brown you have a hat i see you in the daylight my father sees you at night i never saw my father again after that night
183	1	a day in a jungle soo delicate,  animals running all around. monkeys jumping tree top to tree top.  so misty and so wonderful. once you walk in you are serounded with animals tons of them. but once your playing with the animals you don't want to go. apes and mokeys eating bannans all day.  lion looking for pray but it is hard because he is friends with everyone.  then after a while lion will find some pray.  soon after dinner is served and eaton.  the moon comes out and time for bed.  i must say good-bye untill next time
391	2	childhood running down the street can't wait to get home all of a sudden  you're on the ground crying you run inside tears streaming down your face then mom gives you a kiss and a band-aid now everyone makes such a big deal over every little thing everything seems much bigger than it needs to be math tests work deadlines but it doesn't really matter on the big scale of life who cares if we make a silly mistake  like falling on the sidewalk because all we need is a kiss and a band-aid.
871	3	deep within the ocean blue,  my heart is longing for you.  oh,  poor dolphin,  where are you?  i search for you beneath the burning sun,  an beneath the vast blue moon.  oh,  won't you come home to me,  dear dolphin?  i know you don't belong here,  i know you belong in ocean's blue mystery,  but won't you come back to me,  so together we can uncover the mystery of the world in which we live?
200	2	every night at eight i go on a date   all my other dates have other mates   but all my other date's mates   are kin to bill gates.
100	1	physics, chemistry is such a mystry well  i know that i can do it but when the time comes don't kmnow what happens to me.  but still i have faith that some good change will take place because life is not a race im living on this faith  i dont know really what to do oh god im missing you if you are with me i know that my life will change completely i have lack of self confidence i need one more chance my shyness really ruin my life oh why i cant be happy why always so sad oh i think that im gonna mad yeah really bad im completely drowned in sorrow oh i nee a new good tomorrow oh god plz help me to understand this physics , chemistry please tell me all its history  this is what i all need
59	1	likes the cold water  7 this animal slides on ice  lives in antartica
494	1	lichen,  listen to the wind.  do you heer that it's called silence.  that's what the world needs you heer it at night and sometimes in the day.  so know lichen to silence.
894	2	a tulip blossoming on a springâ’s day,  a spaceship with a small,  green,  alien taking a ride,  a pebble rolling on its way,  a clam holding its shiny treasure inside.   take the pistachio apart.   a bathtub,  with bubbles overflowing,  filled with fresh lemonade,  your little cup,  a hammock ready for you when you are done mowing,  fake nails,  for little girls dressing up.
146	1	almost every afternoon< i eat=\\ donuts=\\ with=\\ a=\\ spoon=\\ . every=\\ evening=\\ right=\\ at=\\ two=\\ <=\\ i=\\ eat=\\ donuts=\\ stacked=\\ on=\\ a=\\ shoe=\\ . </p=\\>\n\n\n\t\t\t\t\t\t</ i>
685	1	the cold winter night dreams creating illusions of being caught in the middle of a snow war you get hit and you wake up
396	1	deep in the woods there is a dreamhouse,  dark,  damp,  and creepy.  here comes a bear,  oh! no! it's just a dream.
893	3	there once was a fat cat.  his name was house.  he was fat.  he was in love with a mouse.  the cat smelt like tuna.  he was fat.  when it walked a earthquake occurred.  he lived in a garden.  he stalked like a creep.  he flew like a bird.  he drove a jeep.  the fat catâ’s name was house.  later that day he was ate by a mouse.
316	1	i have a dog named ruffis.  he sometimes acts like a duffis he has long hair down his back his furr is mostly brown and black his ears are long and droopy he sleeps on his doghouse like snoopy he knows alot of tricks he also loves to chew on sticks he really loves to play he pretty mutch does it all day
176	1	the big mac rolls around the corner through the bushes  and into the old mans house.
180	3	spring looks like the wind flying my kite in the precious sky.  spring feels like  oft and cold ice- cream.   spring tastes like lemonnade running down my throat.   spring smells like oranges in the spring air.   spring sounds like cool water moving in the lake.
834	2	puppy              cute, furry          playing, barking, laughing             fun to play with                dog
766	3	i was walking alongside the road when i heard music coming from the car the silver car with the windows down and the driver she was tall and had chocolate hair wind whipped and curly blowing across her face her cherry lips and untamed eyes and skin of peaches and cream she was not beautiful but she was magnificent in her plainness her perfect candor inspired by the day called out to me as she sang  voice of an angel no not that  but something free and something chained sprang out of her song freed in the springtime air and what she sang no one could say perhaps it was a song that she made up herself she was free and she was boundless emancipated liberated enlightened she was free and she was bound but something chained sprang out in song her wild accompanist and though there  was nothing splendid in her face except her untamed eyes there was a constrained independence in her song i fell in love with that  perfect imperfection and as she drove by i knew i would never see her again but then again i might in the constrained freedom of a springtime afternoon.
19	3	the house of gold is a rich house, so much yellow is so bright i cant even imagine it, that is where all the money is, the house is made of gold
806	2	her eyes show bright in the darks dim light watch out! or she may trip you her head and tail are always up alert to her surroundings she's filled with ferocity and fights what foes are near when she's tired she cuddles up all cozy on your lap her purr as loud as a steamboat so you can't take a nap
68	1	water falls are cool,  water falls are fun,  never tack a coat because it might just get wild weter, and you can't waer it aney more.
795	2	thomas is awesome.  thomas is a person.  he is not a train.  he is different.  glenn you no glenn.  no you dont know glenn.  glenn is blind,  but he is still da bomb. thomas and glenn are best freinds.  thomas and glenn are from a movie.  i forget the name of the movie. i love thomas and glenn.  thomas=glenn!!!
453	1	life is like. . . a walk on a beach,  you'll never know what you might find.
231	1	my name is antonio i play football i look so mudy cause i'm just playing with  footballs.  i play with  my friends they love my taste when i play football they start to chase.
616	3	as the dead sun rises  the shadows wallow with sighs soon the moon only a countryside away conquers in a fade the moon becomes solemn  others become sorrow but rejoice tomorrow.
53	3	love for her.   a warm summer's day i see a young fine women.  you so prettily dressed,  lovely and cute.  my heart starts to beat faster than normal.  a strong wind flew by me.  i could hardly catch my breath. . .  seeing a young,  fine women like you in the summer sun has taken me back; knowing that i could never tell you how much you meant to me.  in that summer sun i felt a true warmth of happiness inside my heart as never before.  i feel sad today because i never had the courage to tell you how beautiful you where. . .  on that warm summer's day.
246	3	i am one pretty lady my eyes are brown i wear a crown i shine so bright  i am one pretty lady  i walk up the street with  my head up high and when i walk by the  boys cry,  i am one pretty lady  my grades are pretty good and i can do what i want to do i am one smart pretty lady brown eyes smart,  lovely  i am one pretty lady   my fingers are long  my legs are long  my nails are short my feet are short i am still one pretty lady  i am a chocolate cover lady with a cherry on top that everyone loves one pretty lady  no matter how i look i am still pretty my nose is long my thoughts are wide my dreams are even longer  i am still one pretty lady  i have big eyes so i can see the world i have small ears so i can hear only the positive i have a bright smile  that drives people wild i am me one pretty lady  people might look at me  and try to lower my self-esteem i am a black beautiful,  pretty lady
913	1	iam mad all cuase' my dad said  my brother thad  could go tho the movies i yelled at him and he said, . . .
709	3	sammy walked outside one day.  a fine day it was in may.     she walked to the lake to skip a stone but soon realized,  she was alone  ''if only i could find a friend,  to come with me'',  she added then.   she then bent down to tie her shoe and saw a toad his name was blue  ''i am blue king of the toads,  and you are standing on my road. ''  ''i am sorry'',  said sammy dear ''i knew not that you were here. ''  ''don't apologize. '' he said with a frown then started crying,  and quite loud  ''what's the matter great king blue,  what did i say? what did i do?''  ''nothing,  nothing'',  he said with a sigh.  ''nobody comes here,  you can go by. ''  ''i'm off to skip a stone you see,  would you care to come with me?''  ''yes of course i'll go with you. '' ''it's your lucky day, '' thought blue.
814	1	one day i was in my house and when my little puppy was in the bathroom and she was sleeping in the tub and when i was going to take a bath she was in there.  soi had to take her of the bathtub.  and she was stil sleepy. so then i put in my bed and when i was done taking a bath she wasn't sleepy anymore.
23	1	from my house and into the woods down the path i went as fast as i could.  briers and trees,  found golfballs and bees.  a new path i found! it went round and around.  i found a bone.  maybe deer leg or spine,  it's now in my collection.  i liked it just fine!
336	1	i have lots of fur.   i just love to purr.  if you scare me i will go eek! i love to eat, eat and eat!
570	2	i get weak  look into her eyes all of a suddent suprise suprise she was fine now a dime suprise suprise
811	3	i'm a hippy hoppy kid and you'll never catch me napping,  no matter where i go you'll always see me rapping,  i rap to the east and i rap to the west,  i rap in my socks and i rap in my vest,  cause i'm a hippy hoppy kid and you'll always see me rapping!
481	2	at  6  every  morning i  eat  a bannasplit. but every night i eat out of sight. i  eat  with jellybeans  ontop. my mother  said, ''it  is  ubserd to  herd  with  jelly beans in your  mouth. ''       she walked away and said, ''you be in  bed at 8 so i can roller skate. ''''no i wont,  i will eat all  night  out of  sight. ''so now i eat cow. i wonder how i eat cow. every  night i take a flight on a kite  to  find the cow. i eat with choclate  syrup on top!so now the cow is in the shower,  he is to dirty to eat.
113	2	i know a boy named troy,  troy is a very ignorant boy.  he never liked to share his toy,  roy annoys troy about his toy , oh boy! roy is the real mccoy,  when he is near troy.
168	1	the nights u stay up till 6am the kids laughing playing the sound of water and all the kids wispering ''so ready to go to greer city hall'' the loud music and the party's  sunny side block packed u can smell the fun in the air summer in sunny side
762	2	i fell off the stands because i don't have any bands and i fell off my bike no i can't ride the quarter pike
362	1	life is not fair life is good but sometimes life is weird  when good things happen life is bad when bad things happen life is not fair when bad things happen friend dies  thats sad  but its all in life life is not fair when we go to war its not your fualt its lifes fault thats my poem  i hope you like it
697	2	i hear birds chirping,  i hear my brother burping.   i hear the water flowing,  i hear the summer going.   i hear the grass growing,  i hear my brother going.   i hear leaves gliding,  i hear my sleeves sliding.   i hear water dropping,  i hear bees stopping.   i hear myself mopping,  i hear the ground slopping.   i hear this poem being read,  i hope it's no being dread.
730	3	the clones the clones are everywhere!        one just came and sat in your chair! oh, that's you!  then who did i give your allowance to?          by brendan
543	3	an elephant goes on a bridge he jumps and jumps  after 3 jumps it breaks  but he lived yay!!!!!!!!!
25	3	my favorite color is red.  its so pretty on my bed shining and glistening man i love red.  the way it just sits there and looks at my so naturally.   i love this boy whos name is red it makes me want to bump my head and the way i feel is so real i love this boy named red!
289	2	readytodogoodthings.                  inspiring                              trustworthytoeveryone.                  attitudeisallwaysnice.     happymother'sday                        love'travis
197	1	thunder   boom, strike, pow     in the sky       scary
11	2	i have a little sister who is two sometimes she crys like boo who though she likes to go in the pool also she is so cool thats my sister i love her so much my sister who is two
988	1	friends can laugh,  friends can play.
628	3	bingo  is  sweet,  i  cuddle  with  him,  he  makes  me  feel  happy,  i  love  him!
233	3	red, yellow, orange, green floating through the breeze meadows of them are filled with crisp air a young girl joyfully picks them as she awaits the flowers float  along the spring grass
734	3	wildcats basketball is so much fun,  looking around,  seeing everyone,   there goes another one in the hoop  and yet another team feels the boot,  all the women shout and cheer the men pop open another beer singing and dancing all in one  come on it is so much fun!!!
655	1	out in the field they live,  running,  squealing,  snorting,  and rolling around in the mud.  here comes the farmer,   to round up all the pigs.  he separates the boars ,  and loads them on a truck,  and off to the slaughter house they go.  back comes the truck a few weeks later ,  with tons of little boxes,   filled to the top with meat.
242	3	i'm going to tell you about toes.   they could go up your nose.  it's very doubtful though.   when people see my big toe.  they always say ''whoa''.  i really,  really,  really love toes.
276	2	if you drop me i will splatter,  and that will make a mess.  i am in most of the food you eat,  and i am very healthy for your body.  i am red inside and out.  some people think i am tasty,  and others think i am not.  who am i you ask,  well that is simple because  i am a tomato!
77	1	from back to front she led her way even through she is getting in trouble she took the seat with the double whites were standing tall getting her off the ground,  but she still sat there waiting for the bus to go around she wouldnt back down with strength like a lion she fought all the way she fought for her ground,  and never gave up she sat there waiting for her stop to come up as whites were fighting to take over ground  she said to herself  i got this far and i am not giving up  as the sky got bright,  and the blacks started to cheer for rosa parks was a heroe that day.
916	3	running shoes are great you think their hard to make when you run you feel the breeze it's like 160 km an hour you think your in the air but your on the ground so many designs you can't choose from
698	2	the snake hole is fine,   for a mine. . .   but there is no sunshine!
444	1	eating  mammals hunting  the  for  food hating  sunshine on  every  journey hunter
594	1	dolphins fat and dolphins small;     zooming through the water;                        they jump and then they fall; through the water with her babies along her!
67	1	i wake up in the morning and play chess,  i love the game,  but it's such a mess.  afterward i eat a baked potato. (without a tomato. ) the potato was heavy and small but who would've known my brother had eaten them all.  so i settle for a red tomato it was heavy too,  and afterward i went to the zoo.
89	2	when i woke up one morning a cat was on my head i asked what you are doing there and this is what it said i like you're hair it is fluffy and soft so i shall not get off!                                            so i said kitty kitty i need to go to work and when i get there they'll laugh at me and say ha ha you have a cat on you're head you are a looser.                                             so i got dressed with the cat on my head,  i ate breakfast with the cat on my head and unfortunately i went to work with the cat on my head and like i said they all laughed and said ha ha you have a cat on you're head.                                             so as i was leaving a thought ran threw my head i should shave my head so i did!and the cat finaly got off since my head was not fluffy or soft any more!
393	1	one day i saw a cello made out of jello.  the cello was yellow and did smell good.  but it sounded awful.
154	1	fred wasin a dish and made a wish
673	1	purple and gray floral designes the name brand is roxy theres all different kinds.
417	2	almost every afternoon i eat with a spoon.  evevy night at six i eat candy staed on bricks.  every night at nine i eat candy all the time.  every night at nine my candy is all mine.  every time i eat i eat with my feet.  every single night the candy is in a fight.
299	2	popcorn is yellow  like the big sun in the sky,  popcorn is white  like the cloud in the sky  and when i put it in my mouth  it melts  like icecream on the sidewalk  on a hot summer day.
726	3	in a dusty room,   stands a dusty broom,  who is given the dirtiest jobs to his own doom.  ''why do they make you do that?'' asked the clean vacuum,  who stood in a clean new room.  ''how should i know why?''  the old broom sighed.   ''you're old and fit for the garbage,  but instead you're kept in storage. ''  ''how dare they do that to me! i was better than all brooms,  didn't you see?''  ''oh,  yes,  you thought you were better than everyone else,   but you never knew you would be in storage yourself!''
199	0	if i made lunch for my teacher. . .  i'd give her spider web with mushroom shake and a wonderful frog leg saled followed by some dead worm soup then i'd give her a maindish: cacaroach sandwich for dessert, she would get rotten eggs, sea wead, and rat tail cake.  i hope she comes back for more delicious plates.
510	1	jack is so cool he likes to swime in a pool.
39	1	we smile  we laugh we play we are best friends
206	3	you are the star of my life the one who brings joy to my lonely nights.
530	1	i hit that ball with the baseball bat then i heard a loud smack the ball went far i was the star the day i swung that baseball bat.
943	3	regina is my friend: cool funny smart athletic friendly  kind regina is my friend!
446	1	almost every monday afternoon i chew fish listening to a tune.  every evening right at seven i nibble chips with my friend meven.   every tuesday right at six i will chew on a pile of twix.  every single afternoon you will find me eating ice cream with will the baboon.   every wednesday at eleven i open the door the ice cream heaven.  every thursday right at ten  i inhale some ramen.  \t as you can see i love to eat so every day i will have a treat.  \t\t
482	2	mr.  bamboo sat on my shoe.  mr.  bamboo drank fifty yards of shampoo.  mr.  bamboo says he's not full.  mr.  bamboo ate me up in his shoe and shampoo all in stew.
525	1	summer is a nice day to duel it is also a good to not getting to go to bed early,  but the worst thing that could happen is getting stinged by a bee ouch!!! or getting woken up by a alarm clock.
768	3	flowers are pretty,  they are very colorful,  they are beautiful!
635	2	more annoying than a parrot,  more annoying than a barking dog,  more annoying than a crunching carrot,  even a croaking frog.  more annoying than a boy named wes,  more annoying than a squeaking couch,  more annoying than a crashing mess,  or a mean grouch.  thats how annoying my sister is.
267	1	i wish  it woud stick to some one else.  you won't go away.  so just leave me alone. you are a hog.  so just go away ok.
370	3	upon my head,  i wear a hat as well as a cute black cat upon my head,  i wear a cute black cat as well as a fat flying bat upon my head,  i wear a fat flying bat as well as  a tiny annoying gnat upon my head i wear a hat all filled up with this and that.
915	2	beach  sunny,  sandy swimming,  playing,  relaxing hot in the sun shore!
678	1	today i saw a dog he was as cute as a little baby  frog he lept into my arms and scratched at all my charms i knew i should give him back but just before i could i knew he should and again i was board i kept on with my walk and left into the woods.  his owner came and got him
837	1	during my time life is weird.  during my children's time life is enhanced with mystery. . . . . .
967	1	my father  could be the greatest man.  yet sometimes he is not.   my father loves me very much but at  times will  not show it.   my father though very smart i sometimes thinks he forgets how it was to be a child.   my father even though i love him,  at times i really hate him.   my father how he yells and rants and how i sometimes  want to tell him to be quiet.   my father i know is  a caring person but i feel like hates me to  death.   my father i know will  not be here  when i get  older.   my father the one i  look up to.
559	3	summer tastes like strawberries.   summer sounds like srceaming children.   summer looks like water rides.   summer smells like food.   summer feels like hot feet.
842	1	i didn't expect this and either did you  but yesterday i lost my shoe i looked under the bed and in the draw but there it was on the floor
568	1	i woke up one morning               and saw people corning                      i sing in a band                             and a bird pooped on my hand
293	2	her fur is black and white as the stars in the night sky.  her teeth are sharp as knifes.  she is a shadow,  when she stalks my brother.  no matter what,  i love my cat.
878	2	can you guess who is lucky?  i bet not ,  he's furry ,  he has claws ,  he is a pedigree he's my very lucky maltese puppy  he just turned 1 years old on april fools day hahahah!!!!
109	3	my teacher is the greatest and the greatest means the best.  she dosn't like to be mean neither seen being mean.  thats why i call her the best.
148	0	floating on a ship,  spotting a german sub.  i heard a bang and then i sucked my thumb.  falling overboard,  into a rescue boat.  i was left with nothing except a big old cookie crumb.   seperated from my parents,  scared that there at death.  i cryed and cryed and the i went to bed.  waking up in the morning,  feeling wide awake.  i felt a bump that felt like an earthquake.   i was scared to death and i fell once again.  i felt a tug on my legs.  that sccared me once again.  going underwater,  and then not coming up.   i screamed,  and screamed and then i gave up.  getting back on the raft,  my leg was gushing blood.  i grasped my leg and then i threw up.  no one there to nurse me back to perfect health.
99	3	easter  egg laying  in  it's nest upon   a  tree when the day was young waiting   for  his   mother  to  come.
381	2	the moon is black,  the sun is yellow; but what does this mean? love is in the air and luck is almost here.
345	2	as the shores depart into the darkness there comes a voice traveling the sea.  a voice so loud no one can hear,  a voice so magical,  no one can fear.  but godâ’s will is nothing to be toyed with  as my bright shadow slips away into the sea darkness smothers,  encircles,  and captures me and takes me into its enchanted lair.  where there is no light,  nothing but despair.   i am constantly rotating around this earth but no one really cares  i am away from home i can't break free there is nowhere to go there is no one to see,   and no one to know  but in only a few hours it will all be gone i will be up again,  shining strong i thank the people who have waited so long.  i am here.  .  . i will be back,  goodbye.
134	1	a girl walking on a street.  her rather short hair blowing in her face.   3 or four children at the park.  the baseball feilds empty.  she could still see the games happening.  there was snow spots that had not melt.  people still had up christmas lights up.  she smiled at the thought of what she got for christmas.  a young man rode by on his bike swish was the sound.  she stopped as a auto-matic light came on.  some house had very dim lights helping her see.  she was walking on the faded yellow broken crub.  watching her step. ,  she didn't want to fall! she sighed when she thought of  spring.  she walked and smelt the breeze.  it was so fresh.  when she came to the other street she took another breath of air.  this time it was a very choking smell.  making her eyes water.  she wished there was no cars.  she thought how it killed the crop and changed the color of the snow.  it made her so sad.  she crossed the street walked to her door.  sighed and pushed it open.  hown she thought while she was walking. . .
544	1	my boyfriend dumped me,  and i don't know why,  i don't know why he is mad,  it might be i looked at another guy.   did i stand him up? i think i was walking the dog,  i don't know, let me think,  ohh,  i was trapped on a log.   to and fro the water went,  i splashed up onto an beach,  i was knocked out i bet you,  i woke up and started to screech.   so i don't know why he's mad,  i can't help but wonder why,  is it just me,  or has he changed into another guy.
244	2	desert            intensely hot         sand dunes sway daily   to escape the sun,  but at night              beautiful
135	3	memories frolic in the heart of my mind.  those times of when we loved,  shared smiles,  and treasured every moment together.  those times of hatred and angry that were washed away with the sands of time in the tides of our fondness altogether.  all have become an everlasting footprint for my heart to journey with until the end of mankind.  \t  but,  now our lives have become a crossroad and it appears our wonderful voyage has reached its end,  our bond of rare-kind.  my heart stops,  my eyes water,  and my body tremblesto the thought of our departure,  but it is not me who wishes to dismember our bond,  our delicate feather.  it is life who sows our separate lives and will assort us in our proper destinations for us to endeavor.  but,  life is a mysterious creature whose unseen works may twine our lives together and rekindle the light of our friendship,  our bond of rare-kind.    and,  if  life does,  indeed,  tie our lives together,  then,  surely,  our friendship will be forevermore,   dwelling in the realms of eternal life of our divine.  so,  if we truly must depart,  let it be with a joyous smile and a warm heart,  for although we depart,  our friendship will flourish with every passing day and never sever.  and so it is with this,  i bid you a goodbye,  but not a goodbye to our lives,  our bond,  or our love,  its beauty as elegant as a white feather.  no,  it is only goodbye for now and hope for a prosperous future,  for as life shall have it,  we were destined to be together forever entwine.
590	3	i remember when u would play with my hair way back when u use to care i remember when u were with me there way back when u were everywhere i remember when u held my hand way back when we had our whole lives planned i remember when u told me u loved me way back when we were meant to be
158	1	when there is rain there is no pain.  soon it will show the sun.  then it is time to have fun.  that is the story of rain.
459	2	super stick the litter \t\t\t\t\t\t\tpicker\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t  superstick superstick,  yes he is a\t\t\tstick,  but donâ’t mistake him for a\t\t\tpick,  he goes to places to the unknown because of stench and the overgrown zone \t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\the went to a town that doesnâ’t have a grown,  because of the litter,  they need a litter picker,  no problem for superstick,  he knows how to pick,  the litter that is like a over grown zit\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tthe town is called littery pittery, \t\t\twhere everyone is lazy and crazy, \t\t\tthe town is covered with a littery maze where ants and mice can graze\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\tso superstick told the town to throw away their trash so they can save up their cash,  the town recycled their trash and picked up litter so their town would glitter\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\twhat an amazing sight littery pittery never looked so bright,  thanks to superstick the town name changed to recycling valley,  what an amazing name,  superstick superstick,  yes he is a stick,  but donâ’t mistake for a pick,  he goes to places to the unknown because of stench and the overgrown zone
368	2	another beautiful day,   another sunny day  and another life; the sun is up,  i want to play  an shout.  the air blows  to my face,   i want to lay down  and feel the air.
838	1	the big fish i lost yesterday        broke my line with power        i was mad about that big fish        it was a big carp         i had him with a big sharp hook        and a nice light sinker        but he still broke my line        iâ’m going to get revenge on him        and it will be tomorrow.
884	1	the snow gathered in her hair,   while her boy sat near her in a chair.  she twirled around enjoying the cold,  letting it seep into her toes,  letting it bite at her nose.  she fell into the snow,  pushing it up and down with her arms,  for they never received snow on the farm,  and she was excited to see every little snowflake.  slowly gliding down,  and landing in her hair.
366	1	i love dogs     that look like frogs
405	1	dog  soft,  cute,  running,  barking,  jumping,  house,  toy,  fur,  food,  swimming,  flipping,  dipping,  big,  furry mammal
946	0	i wanted something real something to care something to last something to live for something to love you where that something that light form above my love,  my life,  my angel you showed me right from wrong you taught me how to care i thought we will be together forever. . .  but why,  why did you have to go away away from life itself away from humanity away from me if only you could stay i would have came with you but you had to go  it no hope form me now i just wish for something real even thought you left you still are my something my dream my hope my love my wish will come  i want something real i will wait for you just please come don't take long i know you will come jus t donâ’t let him take control you are my only real thing i love you
425	1	on my dinner plate is lima beans my most hated thing is cabbage greens the yummiest thing on my dinner plate is porky lean!!!!!
927	3	the sand between my toes the waves rolling in a gentle breeze blows i wish i had a fin so i could swim fast and have lots of fun it would be a blast having fun in the sun
911	2	when i woke one moreing i see a rabbit .  i said what are you doing there. he said leve me alone.  and i asked why.  he said because a  man change me into a  rabbit.
865	1	not too long ago was a dog i wont forget,  her precious name was puppy she was not just a pet,    i dont want to forget her, and i know i never will,  especially the moment i saw her, lieing there cold and still  i miss her very often,  why did she have to go away? but i know shes not too far,  and i'll see her again someday.
941	1	the whistle blows,  the balls are a    blare    fourteen players rise into the air    i like the feel of the wind in my       hair    as i zoom t'ward the snitch    the crowd gives a shout    but then comes a bludger,     oops! i'm knocked right out     luckily as i fall t'ward the ground    the snitch in my hand safe sound.
50	2	my house is a tunnel with twists and turns there are times without light stuck in the darkness without delights but there are times when itâ’s bright and sunny and it smells like honey i love my house but sometimes the house treats me better than the people inside they can get on my fireside this tunnel never ends although there might be detours and stops it goes on and on until the end of time for this is my family and my life is a never-ending twist of events
343	3	i feel that spring is in the air because i can feel the wind blowing through my hair i love to jump and play and sing but most of all i love spring
186	2	i love sports! i love dribbling up and down the basketball courts.  i love to play soccer.  it can be a shocker.  i love to play lacrosse.  dang boy you need to floss.  i love to swim.  but not in a gym.  i love to do bmx.  i rarely eat chex.  and i have a little cousin we call her lex.   i love sports.  were are some good basketball courts?
815	1	a building so high,  you cannot see it down low,  it makes you dizzy from head to toe,  you may feel frightning when there is lightning,  but it doesn't make sence when people say it is intense.
784	3	my cat is my best friend he always lends me a helping hand my cat is playful he takls to me and says an earful i talk to too i'd rather have him then a bou i love my cat he's fat!
529	1	dear momma i never meant to make u you cry  but to night im cleaning  out my closet
184	1	i'm done with school,  i'm going to the pool my baseball team is the best,   we will beat the rest i want to go to kansas city,  i hope it is really pretty
642	0	lost among you all  you can't see me you won't none of you know me but i know you  running away as if i were frightened  stumbling and falling wishing and hoping dreaming  laying here going to give up none of you care you dont know you never will  see you   seeing me  always comparing  your better im the worst living hoping loving  burning in my own tears screaming in pain that you canâ’t see you look into my eyes and you see nothing but a child  i have grown i have known for a while i have seen the cruel i have felt the pain  i have been ripped apart  my broken eyes see only what is allowed  you  me  the pain never touching but never leaving eyes locked  by heart falls  as  it was stolen away from me
478	3	roses are red,  violates are blue caroline and cassidy you don't know how much i love you,                                                                              the first day i met you,  i just knew that you guys could be my boo,  this summer with out you will not be fabu,                                                                  i knew i wouldnâ’t forget you,  so i let you go,                                                                when you come back just remember how much i loved you. â¤ï¸cassidy&amp; carolineâ¤ï¸
338	2	i went to outerspace,  i saw a comet face.  i stared at it,  it stared at me.  and that was the end of the comet face.
254	1	buddy is a dog,  he has a black and wet nose,  his fur is bright gold.
817	2	footbal brown hard throw catch kick fun happy joyful and intense football
285	1	the three friends will stick together  when going around bends even if they don't have the trend we might have a fight or even two,  but we will make up by  buying a kite which didn't make the flight so they chuched it in the bin and had another fight.
677	3	once there was a mink  who was very pink the mink loved to dance  every time he had a chance  one day when the mink was at  the restaurant  he asked the waiter for a croissant  when the waiter served him his food the mink said , â” thanks dude!â” then the mink got kicked out so he cried and let out a shout when the mink was heading home he found a comb he brushed his hair  and put it all nice  then he got a case of the head lice
777	3	chocolate chocolate white chocolate dark chocolate great big chocolate bars super small chocolate bites those are just a few hershey chocolate good chocolate long thick twix chocolate long thin kit-kat chocolate almond joy,  too crunch bar snickers bar don't forget pure chocolate last of all best of all i like milk chocolate.
829	3	the threads of your life  take the threads of your life,  and weave them into beautiful patterns.  connect them to your past,  your present,  and your hopes and dreams of the future.  make them your own.  express yourself as much as you can.  your opinion is valued.  every voice counts.  take your goals and make them happen.  grab every opportunity in your reach.  and if there are none,   create them.  look at the world in a new perspective every day.  if you love with all your heart,   and spread smiles,  you will spread joy.  so pick up your threads and weave.
550	3	there once was a fellow named bill  who lived in a dirty land fill but then one day he decided to stray and now he farms dill on a hill
875	3	noodles are like poodles,  there curly and white,   their easy to bite and might make you light if their all you eat,  you could turn into a germ or a worm!   noodles are like poodles,   their curly and white  and might give you a fright if you take a bite!
824	1	you may not know  who i am,  but i really love to eat lots of ham.   sometimes peanutbutter hits the spot,  or even pickles and with a little rot.  you might not know who i am,   or even like me at all.  i might be short,  i might be tall i might not like to go to the mall.  you may not know who i am,  or like my very dirty habbits.  i have smelly feet,   and love to eat and don't take care of my rabbits.
982	1	under my shaking hat,  there is a scared looking cat.  even though i see my stylist and pay,  seems like my hair gets dirty     everyday.  when i meet up with the kids at      my school,  it seems like my hair style is not    very cool.  but even though the shampoo     smells like powder,  it will make my hair smell and feel     like a flower.
179	2	i'm nuts for cocunuts,            they might just live in a hut.              they are in trees,              but i only saw three.           all i got to say is that i'm nuts for cocunuts!
749	1	when i look outside i have lots of fun,  i see many clouds,  in the bright beating sun,  i may see duck,  i may see a flower,  but when my mom calls me in for dinner i get sour,  the next day when i woke up,  mom said,  going outside again i saidyup!
226	2	i love football it is cool i would play it       with a fool i would play it in a pool
928	1	my little chuhuahua my little chuhuahua with little hair it is very playful it will not bite it is very nice she is very small she eats a lot of dog food but one day she went missing
0	1	when i was a baby my  mother kiss on my         cheek.  i started to laugh and  slob  .  my mother start to change my diaper.
633	1	i used to believe in the boogie man,  but now i know that he is not true.  i used to get my dad to look under my bed,  but now he would say,  ''i told you!''  i used to believe in fairy tales,  but now i know that there are gone.  they are only in books and movies,  like bambi the baby fawn  i used to believe in santa,  but now i think he's such a fake.  i always see my mom and dad,  eating santa's cake  i can't believe i believed it,  i believed everthing they said.  it's just so hard to think about,  but it is out of my head.  so don't try to fool me,  because now i know it's not true.  now if you come up to me,  don't say,  ''i told you!''
357	1	wind was blowing obviously snowing.  i stepped in the place where all kids were going.   i saw kids that i rarely knew so i slumped down like a bowl of stew.   but i looked up with a smile of delight,  i saw my best friend mike with a bike.  he  said to me ''how do you do?''.  i responded to him with a ''i'm doing good,  how are you?''.  he said good and we walked off to class.
257	3	your lips our food and your breath is wine,  and every time i see you i call you my clementine.
223	1	riding as fast as you could let that cold breeze hit your face.   raggedy wheels squeeking  hurting your ears as you pedal  every mile you travel you get this feeling a feeling that your being followed a raging red van bullets towards you.   what do you do?  this is your last day to live thats what your thinking.   the van screeches towards you.   its slowing down going slower every second.    all you can hear is your heart beating rapidly.
493	1	poetry is confusing,                         and is rarely amusing,                        i find it hard to write,                     'cause i'm not very bright.
537	1	i play baseball morning,  noon,  and night.  i play baseball out of sight.   when i go to the field my glove is my shield.   i am feeling very tall when i have in hand my baseball.   when i go to the plate a homerun i will take.   out of the park i will send the ball.  the umpire will not know what to call.
410	3	running is sweet hair blowing in the wind adrenaline pumping every few feet victory is sweet  cause im on the team u can not beat i run to the rythm of my heart beat
695	2	someday i will be right,  someday i will be wrong,   and someday i will write about a song!
69	2	the teachers are cool. they let us play and have fun. my teachers are fun.
972	1	when the quarterback  throws the footballto the reciever it doesn't hurt  as much as when you get knocked down by another player.  just like when i get kicked,   it hurts as much as a rock hitting someone in the face.
906	1	i have a blue fish she has a red fish he has a orange fish  i have 3 fish she has 7 fish he has 10 fish  i have a gold fish she has a cat fish he has a sun fish  i have fish with scales she has fish with no scales he has fish with 1 scales  she has 2 fish now he has 1 fish now i have no fish now  soon all of there fishes will die to.
6	2	my friends are so fantastic ,  they like paper not plastic .   my friends are so so sweet,  some messy,  some neat.    my friends are so delightful,  and sometimes even frightful.   my friends are always there for me,  which makes me smile happily.
660	0	brothers,  sisters,  everywhere,  life has shunned me,  and left me bare.  dishonored,  disgraceful,  living hell,  razor sharp words,  upon i feel.  misery,  melancholy,  mixed emotions,  hungry for blood,  total annihilation.  embarrassment,  humiliation,  favors undone,  pleasure is a token,  image of fun.  doubts,  unforgiving,  in my mind,  sins of hatred left me blind.  the past,  a future,  suicidal present,  a foolish destination twisted and bent.  love,  justice,  costly consent,  my heart to you,  was it meant? desired,  tears,  i was torn,  two halves i broke,  and freedom was born.  beginning,  end,  what is life? fate unleashed,  with a knife.  darkness,  heartless,  agony of cries,  death is a sentence.  cherish lives.  the sun,  the moon,  the shining stars,  like a fantasy,  not behind bars.  eyes,  lips,  flowing hair,  my aching heart,  presents no fear.  my life,  my body,  my unique soul,  love was fulfilled,  as a transformed whole.
666	3	small and black cute little nose cute face anxious puppyface.
55	2	a cheerleader is like a bird,   flying high with out a word,  a cheerleader is lide a hawk,   screaming for the very best jock,   a cheerleader is like a fish,   competing all the time with a wish,   a cheerleader is like a cactus,   working hard at the practice,   a cheerleader is like a cat,   twisting every wher on the mat,   i am a cheerleader.
700	3	she loves to cuddle with you at night just be sure to hold her tight she's soft and white  with ears like silk and she has a tail the color of milk her name is izzy  she is a dog but she's very lovable much more than a frog
380	2	they say,  hope never dies,  same as the stubborn memories.  sometimes these memories carry you with them for haunted night walks,  and sometimes they stand by you when you call them.   a silent mind reminds me,  to walk with them.  a simple smile lets them go away,  when they cross my mind.  sometimes they fight with me to find them,  and i act not to see them. . .  yet all of them wake up with me each day.   they do not change per seasons,  but they come up each time,  rainy being their favorite.  for now. . memories is only what i have to stand there and watch me.  but will they walk with me forever ?  knowingly or unknowingly i carry them with me always and sometimes they follow me,  they donâ’t burden me !! they fight when you fight,  they fall when you fall  when i am a single person,  they are plenty in number,  plenty enough to snow in summer only for me.  plenty enough to rain in spring so that i would know it rained only for me. .   if i let them win,  they will rule over me.  if i let them loose,  i donâ’t get to see them again.  because sometimes a memory is what completes that missing leak bubble wraps you and sends you in a solitude parachute untouched. . .   and i wish i could have them on my side. . i wish. . .
350	0	the clouds fill in and the skies begin to cry the trees begin to sway and my emotions begin to fly.   you were the love of my life my shoulder to cry on why did you leave me so soon,  now i fall from the flight of fire.   i loved you dear everyday of my life.  now that you're gone i will suffer everyday,  for life.
631	3	mountain extreme, awesome waiting,  staring,  standing erosin makes it get smaller tower
62	1	my dog is crazy he runs around too much my dog is funny he creeps,  jumping around.  my dog is cute my dog has bad breath my dog is a rottweiler.  long tail,  black,  white,  brown.  when he is mad  he has all of his hair on his back.
215	3	when i awoke one morning,  a monkey snoozed on my head.  i asked ''what are you doing  there?'' it looked at me and said. . . .
534	1	i know i'm stupid but you ain't gotta remind me but you don't car for the person i am,  you won't find me  the real person i am i'll be lost i might need a hand but my feelings have been tossed  i love you but you accuse me if you do you might lose me  i'm tired of saying ''i love you'' just shut he door  i can't believe i feel like this but i don't care anymore   i'm your daughter not your friend i need you to be my mother and father let me be your baby girl again. . .
182	1	i grew up working on a farm way down south i shot squrriels out behind my house i lerned alot about this world , way down south swimmin' in the creek with all my friends, way down south you will all ways find my heart way down south  those memories will never get old way down south yeah way down south
487	1	my sister is nice.  she is the best.   but sometimes we get into fights.  we always make a mess.
653	0	around the world just to see.  a light that flerls but not to see.   in the connor  over there.   the darkness kreeps  nearer and nearer.    no light is seen.  the day is done  still i see the full moon.    the darkness still kreeps people hide and weep.  to get away  from the darkness.   who ever released  the demon in which.  the darkness stopped for its chaos and torture.   for who ever it was  never seen.  only cause  it was dark and derry.   the thing you can see is the darkness kreeping away.  to the sun we see nothing stands in our way.   when the sun is down  the darkness is back.  all light is done  we hide in fear.   the moon is up somethings wrong.  the moon is red the eclipse has come.   the demon of darkness the demon of light.  never again no more fight.
742	2	sheâ’s like a bag with all kinds of things in it you never know what youâ’ll get out of her then all of a sudden you have something in your hand her mood  you never know what you will get from her either itâ’s her mood.  fears,  troubles or desires you never know what youâ’ll get from her or maybe the bag breaks everything falls out moods,  fears,  desires,  and troubles all at once finally you know what your going to get from her.
360	0	space aliens to me are cool.  to other people they make them drool.  these aliens have big heads.  if he headbutts you you will be dead.  the aliens are coming toward me with there big green eyes. ''ah''i think i might die.
876	1	a little mouse sccuring right by some say
139	1	love is happines  love is harsh  love is your best friend  love is feeling when your happy inside love is heart love is the what you think when your sad
708	3	my love is yours  your love is mine are love will remain  thesame and kind all  the time.
451	1	during the year of school i must confess between my sports and school i am tired and all the due dates here give me more stress and thereâ’s not a thing to be admired things i want to attend i have to miss i could go out to hang with all my friends or iâ’d go sleep because my sleep is bliss but work fills my soul with dread to no end alas i can make a lot of money so i do not have any debt for me i can get about and do things funny have no debt and be mature as can be if working means having certain freedoms school work and sports makes one gruesome threesome!
75	1	my cat is fat she has no back and shesback in black shes mean and fat that's why i call her matt.
145	2	mom you are so great,   you make me want to faint.  you are sunlight,  that keeps me awake.
419	3	when i awoke one morning,  a tiger was on my head. i asked what are you doing there``? it looked at me and said. . .   ``i am very hungery`` he said.  he growls and i run away.  ``well if you run awayi will leave`` he said.  i kept running and he left.
699	3	a black hearted man all alone in the dark searching for something no place to look all hope had faded then light struck his heart darkness was destroyed he found beauty in the earth
706	3	my dog is cotton candy,   she is soft and made of sugar.  she will jump up on your lap,  and eat all of your boogers.
124	3	if you are a slow food chopper,  next time do this .  grab a knife go chop, chop, chop and don't forget to do the flop.   first go chopping then the flopping,  after that go plasma hopping.  chop, chop, chop then i go flop,  my happiness just won't stop. . .  keep on going chop, chop, chop.  chopnese!
15	2	i like my hands because their big and their soft as a wig.  i like my hands to also play sports but sometimes they just fall off the spork.    my hands are big my hands are small but sometimes when i see them i just build a saw.
883	1	you  can  do  what  you  want  you  can play a  game    you can do many things,   you can read and write
474	1	i have a best friend called lauren  she will help me with my trends  she has eyes as green as grass her hair is blond, so beautiful and velvity.  she plays with her hair, her blond curly hair.  lauren is as cheerful as a happy, hoppy kangaroo
630	1	i know a cowboy named jones  he's tough but he's broken many bones  even though they show no fear they wear a lot of protective gear
412	1	inside im in pain but on the outside i am smiling and laughing everyone around me loves their life with tons of friends and family and then there is me all alone with no one to talk to no one even cares to look my way hopefully one day it will all end that smile sure does hide a lot
97	3	love is trust and respect,  love is that tingly feeling, love is your heart racing like a nascar race. love is the smell of fresh new flowers in bloom. love is the scenery of new mothers singing lullabys. love is the babys first smile,  love is the first time my love made me smile and said, i love you
973	2	my razor scooter goes so fast when i ride it,  i have a blast when i race,  i zoom right past it's silver and the wheels are blue,  but it's very far from new.
394	3	swimming swimming is so fun if i could swim every hour of the day i would swimming swimming is so fun.
497	2	there was a boy he had a rat the rat had a purple hat and a purple bat  the rat's cheese was spoiled so he got broiled in a pan  held by a guy named stan  the rat was soon to be dinner stan's family was a winner  all because of a rat with a purple hat
127	0	this pebble reflects a promise made to everyone.  but the surface wobbles warps our image falls.  down toward the black mirror ripples the surface as it sinks toward the bottom of the lake of tears.  it throbs once like a beating heart and lies still.  with it goes all the hopes and dreams and lies and fears of centuries.  it was our reminder.  but now the world is gone and nothing can stop the wheel in motion.
142	1	elegant brown and elegant white,  snorts and sneezes loud and light.  coat is soft,  warm,  and fuzzy.  jumps and hops runs and plays.  this is my horse that i have raised.
151	1	the fat cat loves to eat the fat cat couldn't see his feet  off ran the mouse  and the cat was chasing the mouse all through the house
869	1	everyday i fall flat and i go splat my body is flat i step on my mat i get a tack and slap my brothers back because he splapt my sack
209	1	maresha is my best friend  and i hope we can stay that way i just want to say that i am sorry.  and hopefully we can be friends.  i was just mad at the picture but we have been friends ever sent last year can we just be friends tell me when you decide.
613	1	the other night in the sky my dad saw a meteor fly.  he wondered why it flew by the lights seemed so high it shattered through his eye.  the news caster guy began to reply about the event in the night sky.
307	2	whiskers my small black and     white  little cat.     whiskers my fat cat who has    his head in the catfood bag     all the time!    whiskers my sweet little thing    that attacks me everytime i pet him!    whiskers my sweet little aggressive     kitty that waddles when he walks!
454	2	when i awoke one morning an elephant was on my head i asked ''what are you doing there?'' it looked at me and said.   ''there was a mouse on the floor then i guess i jumped''  then i told him ''my pet rat he won't hurt a fly,     because he ttries to fly!''  ''oh my,  oh my he will die if    he tries to fly''  ''i know,  i know but he wants to be in a show''  ''what show?''  ''i don't know,  but he wants to be in a show,  but in the show it has to snow then he will grow''   ''like me''  ''like you''  ''but,  but then how willhe hide in a show?''   ''he hides in a shoe? what shoe please not the blue,  please not the blue!''  ''that blue shoe''   ''that shoe will turn him green or,  or maybe he'll die!''  ''i'm leaving''   ''why?''  ''i don't want to die,  good-bye!''  5 minutes later  ''at least you're gone''
61	1	i always hear noises, wierd noises. it seems like i'm the only one hearing them. its not scary noises its funny noises, really funny.  like a elaphant and a pig.  there is wierd noises though like a baby crying and a lawnmower starting.  its pretty cool except when i'm asleep and it wakes me up. thats the noises in my head.
108	1	lions  tigers bears  elephants reptiles  amphimbians and more!!
527	2	this is my life (now and forever)  this is my life now and forever you can't change it no matter how hard you try  i know that you mean well but take into consideration that this is my life and will never be yours  i tried to make you see but you wouldn't listen there is no way i can make you realize  this is still my life now and forever you can never change it no matter how hard you try.
318	3	almost every afternoon i eat pizza with a spoon.  every eveing right at eight i eat pizza with a date.  pizza pizza munch munch munch oh how i like pizza at lunch i'll even eat it with a punch.  pizza pizza crunch crunch crunch pizza pizza i love you a bunch.
495	2	hands are so useful; we can read we can write  we can paint we can draw we can hold we can touch we can feel we can shoot we can  boot we can loot    we can brush  we can wash we can bathe we can lock we can unlock we can shake  we can take we can brake we can break we can fix so hand are so useful.  thank you god for making a wonderful thing.
825	0	the day she left,  i cried a million tears.  the day she left,  my dreams were broken,  my life was torn,  my heart pierced with the taste of death.  the day she left, i couldn't go on.  each and everyday of my life i feel sadness.  i can't take it any longer.  the day she left,  i left with her.  my mother and i united together in the heavens.
166	1	she is pink spiked hair  strips for shoes lives in margaree what is her problem?
377	2	lily.  as white as snow so small she sits on my lap.  she sleeps on the end of the bed in a ball,  acting like she has it all.   a white,  puffy fluff ball running around the house.   sliding into the fridge,  zooming off the stairs,  running into the door,   is my little lily lou
422	3	swimming like a fish being so graceful underwater ears crackling like rice krispies thinking im a swan being so free glad im not sinking like a stone
907	1	in the dark is where i stay waiting for the morning day waiting  for the sun to rise it won, t be a big surprise
195	3	furry, funny   running, loving, sieeping  i realy love my dog freculse           doggy
924	1	some sharks are big,  some sharks are small,  some are short,  some are tall,  some live in fresh water,  some live in salt water,  some like to chew,  some like to munch,  but no matter what i don't wanna be their for lunch.
948	3	the moon seems like a wonderful place,  looks like a man with a smile on his face  it is a source of light, so grand,  craters like volcanoes on its rocky land  when i was a little tyke,  always dreamed of going to the moon on my time bike  if the moon were always yellow,  would look like a bowl of slowly eaten jell-o  this satellite is important to me,  gravitational pulls make the earth wobbly
654	2	once there was a beautiful bird in the sky  he fell down and started to cry  when he got back in air  he nearly got away from a great,  hungry bear
870	3	when i awoke one night a dragon was on my head i looked at him with fright and then i said,
781	1	my best friend thinks shes always right  she always puts up a fight she always wants to bite,  bite,  bite she always does it in the night
539	1	people tell you your life is defined,  shaped and carved into a path that youâ’re born into.   unchangeable.  solid.    people tell you there are those who get lucky,   the ones that break through,   the ones that change the world for the followers.  those followers that work as the cogs in a machine we call,  â“the circle of lifeâ”  people have told me that i am who i am,  and to accept myself for who i am as a person.  to be the person that society needs or wants.  i want to be the person that i need in my life,  but people can be a disappointment.  even yourself is susceptible to that.    people have warned me not to stray too far from the beaten path.  the one that billions have walked upon before me.  they have warned me of the dangers of becoming an outcast from the rest.  the feeling of knowing that one wrong step,  leads to an abyss of darkness.  knowing that you canâ’t go back to the path that you have previously betrayed.        people will come and go.  on the path that they feel defines their unique and special personalities.  at a crossroads with the person you were meant to be,  and the person you are.  on another path that others have tread,   forging a new wave of thoughts,  ideas,  and philosophies.  mine being yet another branch in the ever growing tree of life.  their thoughts and beliefs wiped away like the rise of high tide.                                                             people will leave.
652	1	he's the man you can't tell nothing,  but i need to tell you something,  he hit himself in the head with a pan,  almost got hit by a van,  he's the messed up man,  he thinks he's always right,  tries to work without light,  in the night,
51	1	i went down to the river,  i set down on the bank.  i tried to think but couldn't,  so i jumped in and sank.   i came up once and hollered! i came up twice and cried! if that water hadn't a-been so cold i might've sunk and died.   but it was cold in that water! it was cold!  i took the elevator sixteen floors above the ground.  i thought about my baby and thought i would jump down.   i stood there and i hollered! i stood there and i cried! if it hadn't a-been so high i might've jumped and died.   but it was high up there! it was high!  so since i'm still here livin',  i guess i will live on.  i could've died for love-- but for livin' i was born  though you may hear me holler,  and you may see me cry-- i'll be dogged,  sweet baby,  if you gonna see me die.   life is fine! fine as wine! life is fine!
321	3	the tiger like the burning sun,    powerful and respected,  its bared teeth and big claws   not to be disrespected the feared hunter and striped beast   camouflaged and majestic resides in the jungle proud and tall   the true ruler of them all
130	2	red like the fire's flame chasing down the farmers game fox cunning feet run about fleeing from a hunter's snout fox try to catch him if you dare,  where he lives,  god knows where.
954	1	every day when i go out,  i fill my shoes with sauerkraut  now without a doubt,  i will go and really pout!
268	1	the big blue whale swam in a puddle of water an lived for a week
733	1	on a ship,  standing on the prow,  sweat dripping,  off my brow.  i was the captain of the ship,  until some guy hit me on the hip.  i  fell off the side with a big splash,  with no captain. . . the ship went crash! they were dead,  i was alive,  i wish i could slap,  that guy high five!
278	1	i have a squirel i call him herl,   he likes to smoke it makes him choke,   his fur turns black his eyes turn red,   i asked him to stop but he started more,   i sold him away to a place far away,   he won't come back ontill i brack my back.
612	2	there once was a boy named jack one day he stepped on a tack he screamed and hollered  then he picked up a dollar when he did,  he fell on his back.
476	3	spring is almost over the blooms are now leaves find a four leave clover  all around the trees  the bluebird sings a pretty song while a squirrel scampers up a tree i walk quietly along what a pretty sight to see.
196	1	one day my torts got out of his cage and my dog walked up stars and was chasing my torts was being chase around the house                the end
178	1	look at them run.   walking,   speeding,  climbing,  jumping,  racing,  chasing,  zooming,  turning,   and chipmunks make a big,  big,  big,  big,  sound.
326	2	is it love or hate? well it shouldnt matter you shouldnt discrimantate . no matter what you should always have peace.
201	1	things happen that we do not like,  but that is life.  things happen everyday,  but then memory will stay.    not too long ago i was in a fire,  my brother is gone,  i am no liar.   live is full of hard times,  live can end on a dime.
640	3	my favorite red shirt i always wear it every tuesday i hope i don't stain it with dirt i know that i can't delay  wearing my red shirt
401	1	piã±atas stick,  candy hitting,  falling,  grabbing happy,  sweet,  sugary,  chocolate chewy
960	1	summer nights, are so hot you toss and turn you need a fan to get to sleep,  no covers on,  you feel sticky,  when you get to sleep it starts all over again
291	1	'my hair is dark,  my etes are brown,  my head is fit to wear a crown  i'm meduim hieght with great eye sight my feet aren't big and i love to sing.  my skin is white and my life that is so nice'' man i wish that was real
757	3	red,  green,  apples they're sweet,  sour,  apples healthy,  strong,  apples apples,  apples,  apples
648	1	busy mind  morning has begun once again inception of deep sleep for boys and girls sleeping time has been changed brains are active at night and tired in morning there is a phobia of sleep at night negative thoughts attack when night to begin \t\tnegative thoughts attack when minds free  so a busy mind is a way for balance the internet changes as a factor for mental health time for sleeping young people and waking up old people time for a clever generation but depressed in ice land ! <b< /p=\\>\n\n\n\t\t\t\t\t\t</b<>
452	1	chilly,              cold sea breeze,          cold jack winter frost,      alone in the cold winter night,       waves crashing on the shore,          you hear nothing more,            cold winter frost,               winter breeze,                  arctic.
79	1	rush running through the brush,  jingle bells tied to her feet,  she is a strange sight in the middle of the night,  running down the street.
455	3	wooden meadows, dew in the grass thats what i think about michigan blue waters of the wide open lakes thats what i think about michigan many people passing through the streets that is what i think about michigan great places,  nice people  that is what i think about the world.
193	1	i cannot dance,  i cannot dream,  i cannot fly like the bird.  i'm fifteen years old,  no money,  lying over the road.  no healthy food,  lying wherever in the place.  spending the nights,  no garments to wear  some places are selfish.  but time have to go life have to change the hard time of mine.  no one can stop,  they have to change we will change.  the new day will start,  the new sun will rise next day in other place.  the dream will not stop  because everything thing has end but dreams does not end
885	2	i am a school pond.  there are fish and ducks right here.   get out of here now!
658	3	hi i like pie.  it would be could if it came out of the sky.
535	2	the skys are blue today, but not like anyday. tommorow the sky will be red just right above your head. yestarday the sky were gray, so that must mean its payday. since were out of rymes i geusse we'll see you next time
63	2	when i woke up on morning,  a stroke was on my head,  i asked, 'what are you doing up there?, it looked at me and said. . .  i'm here because you put me here,  what,  yes you put me here,  get off get off,  oh know it's stuck,  yes i'm here till you dream me gone,  but you can't make yourself dream me away or else it won't work.
43	1	she sleeps and cries.  she hurts and whines.  what does she think? what does she actually feel? does she dream? what does she dream? is she happy?  is she sad? to my little sister,  i love you
304	1	when. . .  that is the question! is it not? when will the flowers bloom? when will the sun come out again? when will i be able to run and play? when will i see my friends? that is the question! is it not? when. . .
853	1	indroducing ed with cherries on his head he says ''i like the color, '' so all his stuff is red.
840	3	there is a picture on my wall,  it's been there since i wasn't tall.  the picture is of the american flag,  i found it in a brown paper bag.  when i get sad i look at the flag,  and it makes me automatically glad.
359	1	my dog is less than one foot tall and hasn't any tail.   she never ansers when i call ,  so i will kiss the wall
84	2	i like to dribble i hope there is not a nibble it is fun  as long as it is done  it is fun to shoot make sure i wear a boot i like to jump because it heips me get over the hump   i like to shoot a three  as long as it is over a he i like to dunk make sure i jump over a chunk  it is fun to block i hope i have a clock i like to defend i hope i do not pretend  i like dwayane wade i hope he does not start a blockade he adds funk but he still likes to dunk
929	3	i'm a rhino,  very,  very large.  even though my horns are huge,  do not be alarmed.  i have four legs and deep,  grey skin,  i'm not that scary,  don't be afraid.  swimming is impossible,  but remember&#x85; i'm much larger than you!!!!
282	2	a fish in the sea is following me.   it glides through the sea as if it's a bee.   it i will lead.  and he will follow.   where ever i go he will not doddle.   it glides though the sea as if on the breeze  the fish is following me.
810	1	i am so sad  i am so mad because of my dad
921	3	when i awoke one morning i saw a rat on my head.  with a baseball bat in his hands to hit me on the head.
152	1	it's raining it's pouring i think school is boring; the teacher said use your head,  i'm still asleep this morning.
159	3	i always know your there and you'll help me through hard times  and i can turn to you when i dont have a dime  i know to say stop when you are gonna leave  and there is a chance that my heart will bleed i dont think its special that you are my boo  but what is special is my love for you to make this poem i thaught through the rain like a poet needs the pain holy mother full of grace  bless this boys gorgeous face  and if it does not help i have my friends  and they'll be there till' the end
965	0	porem by zainab khalil in the day of darkness we lost our friends.  in the day of madness we lost our faith.   in the day of happiness we made memories that will never forget.  in the day of hope we lost the smiles that we will never get again.  in the day of nightmare we cried rivers which was unfair.   in the day of hopelessness we dream in a miracle way.  in the day of mircale we just denied the feeling we used to to pretend everyday.  in the day of weakness we blame others for or mistakes.   i n the day of sadness we lost the chance that we had to say.  i n the day of happiness we prtend that we cared all the way.  i n the day of losness we never expect to vanish and go far way.
385	3	dark black hair beautiful brown eyes glasses cute dreamy    underneath his dark brown hair there is a boy that i dispare he is sooooo cute in my eyes  i hope that someday you'll realize that       is the       !!!!
81	2	there once a shark that likes to bark.  the mom came to say  lets go to the bay.  he went to a cave  and saw a grave
188	2	your love be blazing fireworks overhead a brilliant fireball lighting up my heart or is it ashes waiting to be spread,  ready for the wind to give it depart?  your eyes glisten like the moon at twilight and often are they both full of much wit.  your beauty radiates all your highlight,  but is love love when you give but don't get?  you say one thing,  yet action betrays thought.  can what we feel really be going broad like the firefly which can never be caught,  or is all your love,  just another fraud?  yet the truth can bring no change to my mind,  when i fear that i am already blind.
676	0	in the moonlight,  under an ever green fur,  i see my one true love,  standing with ''her''.   as i scream words of hate,  and my eyes well with tears,  a cold quiet voice,  rings in my ears.   it says to kill,  it says to tear,  so i turn and run,  with the wind in my hair.   blinded by anger,  blinded by tears,  i jump from the cliff,  ending my years.   as i feel the coldness,  i see the light,  then as i leave the darkness,  my soul takes flight.
643	1	the boy he passed by with joy and did i mention her name was pierre. i say hi when he's with her boys but all he does is jump in joy ,  well i guess he'll never be my boy.
745	1	i don't want to feed my cat  i don't want to eat my food i don't want to take a shower i don't want to make any friends i don't want to watch tv i don't want to do my laundry i don't want to play video games i don't want to get a job i don't to make money i don't want to stop my wanted i'm just having that kind of day
770	0	no one should feel like this.  obviously i feel depressed.  lately i felt upset,  angry.  out of placed.  voted off.  entirely defeated.  for doing nothing wrong.  old and used.  ridiculously humiliated.  meaningless is how i feel.  eventually,  someone will understand.
786	2	it would be fun  to live on the sun but sooner or later i'd feel done.  it would be great to live in a crate but sooner or later i'd feel like some  sort of bait.  it would be a thrill to live on a hill but sooner or later i'd feel so very ill.  i'd feel like a queen on her throne if only i could only live at home.
437	3	a banapple is a combination of a apple and a banana. it is odd but it works.
140	2	i love my sparkling eyes of blue,  the way my blond hair shines like dew.  even though my body's short,   my arms are long,  not at all too short.  i am knock- kneed,  but i do not heed -- to anything or anyone.
334	1	grandfather,  grandfather,  i never met you,  but i'll bet you were a good person.  my mom told me how you were in great shape,  but now it's time to say so long to everybody you love.  i bet my mom was crying when she saw you dying.  even though i nver saw you i will hopefully see you in the stars.
372	2	i once had a very very smelly cherry. my cherry would ooze with smell.  my cherry could destroy a hair scary monster but was still to lumpy to chew. my odd little blue cherry might even scary you! if you saw my cherry you would agree with me. my cherry is very smelly.
312	3	summers at the beach are fun,  yes,  thats what most anyone would say.    i prefer the mountains where you can swim in creeks all day,  eating watermelon on porches and barbequing in the backyard,   catching snakes out in the shale pit taking boat rides on the barge.   playing manhunt until midnight,  riding 4-wheelers every day.   this is what i like to do on a nice warm summer day.
286	1	she. . . . . .   makes me feel like somethings wrong she. . . . .   goes down my face she. . . . .   drops on the floor she. . . . .   helps me take the things     on my mind away she. . . . .   helps my pain.
776	2	there once was a man who weighed quite a ton,   he had a weird son  yet his wife was a nun
211	1	yesyerday we were having fun.  we loved to see the shining sun.    we all played tight and right.  and we didn't get into a fight.    it all burned down to today.  what happened?   when we didn't get to play,  it seems like something's wrong.    a short day turned into a long.  we use to have time for everything.    we talked on the phone about anything.  i can't see,    why we don't play.  i know yesterday burned down to today.
737	3	*note* this poem is for humor purposes only,  i got no beef with russians or chinese,  it's just kinda funny.  also,  it's not ture,  it just rhymes   i saw a guy with a brick,  he was russian  he threw it at me,  i got a concussion  i awoke in a hospital bed  with a gash on my head  to see that my doctor was russian  i don't know what was wrong with me  my vision blurred,  i thought he was chinese  i spoke chinese,  he stabbed my knees  i was in there for six more weeks  when i got out,  i started to shout
727	3	when i awoke one morning.   a stork was on head.  i asked what are you doing there.  he looked at me and said.  i broke my bike,  so i slept in your bed.
595	1	baby hugs me says,  ''my dani'' loves me very much sister
407	2	theres a cat thats a brat and always wears a hat,  the hat got hit by a bat and the cat became a rat the cat thats now a rat got swallowed by a very fat cat but the fat cat got flat and became a doormat.
253	1	the flash and boom is here, i hear it's very near. i see the flash i hear the boom the thunder and lightning is here.
775	1	my shadow my shadow  you're  following me around you are in the air and on the ground  you're everywhere i look and everywhere i go  to and fro i can't get rid of you and even if i do  i would be nothing without you.
122	1	small , funny. chewing running playing. the puppy loves to play. brown lab
115	3	you are my love and my mom.  i love you very much.  at night your eyes glitter  because you are my very best mom.
374	0	homework! oh,  homework! i hate you! you stink! i wish i could wash you away in the sink.  if only a bomb  would explode you to bits.  homework! oh,  homework youâ´re giving me fits.   iâ´d rather take baths with a man-eating shark,  or wrestle a loin alone in the dark,  eat spinach and liver,  pet ten porcurpines,  than tackle the homework my teacher assigns.   homework! oh,  homework! youâ´re the last thing in my list,  i simply canâ´t see why you even exist.  if you just disappeared it would tickle me pink.  homework! oh,  homework! i hate you! you stink!
571	3	i woke up one morning and my usual,  donut, orange juice,  and get dressed.  i walked outside and staring at me,  a car.  it talked to me and i said ''dont talk to me talk to the house!''
899	1	swimming,   the rush of water slipping past you,   the burning in your lungs,   the ache in your arms and legs,  the obligation to  do better,   push harder,   the feeling of
450	1	rugby rough,  tough thowing,  kicking,  tossing hard as a rock scraping,  pulling,  diving mean,  angry cool
332	3	one moring i woke up in my room. then i got up and got dressed in my favorit skrit and shrit. then i saw it a pink fat pig!!!!!i scremd mom dad come quick thars a pig in my room. my parnts sead you are probbable dreming. i sead if you don't beleave me come and see. so thay did and thay did't see a thing. it was her imganare frind's pet.  i thot it was you. you back talk to me agen and you will be gronded. no i wont. you want a bet. yes. you are gronded. wate fore 2 mouths.
844	3	when i awoke one morning,  a moose was on my head.   i asked,  â“what are you doing there?â” it looked at me and said&#x85;  i came here from my land ireland.  i asked why did you land on my head? i landed on your head to rhyme! well he said â“nedâ” and i said â“led. â”
588	3	as i swoosh down the field i see lots of things.  i see flowers crooning and the grass looks like its dancing.  the big willow tree has lots of shade,  but is still very bright.   as the light touches the earth all i see is wheat glowing.   and grass growing.  it is very peaceful and lovely.  it is my home because i am mother nature.
270	3	my little white bunny is acting like a dummie he lives in a doghouse but don't ask me why he eats like a turtle he hisses like a snake he feels like a rock my little white bunny is acting funny!
90	3	i smile and wave as they look and say,   sheâ’s proud they cheer sheâ’s proud  i walk with pride,  smile and cheer,   iâ’m proud i cheer iâ’m proud  i finally did it,  no reason to hide,  because i am proud!
3	1	my little brother sruly is as cute as he can be.  the only problem i have is that he always follows me.   he follows me each morning,  he follows me to school,  he wants to go third grade with me but that's against the rule!!!
440	2	when i awoke one morning a vet was on my head i asked what are you doing there he looked at me and said hi my name is ned over night i took a jet here to sleep on your head.
119	1	my cat was very small and fuzzy but he wasn't a cat , or was he? he was kinda strange and sparky he always bit the car key.    he loved to chase the beam of a flashlight, it was always quite the sight.      he aiways likes to make a mess sometimes he's the biggest pest.  he, ll sit at the window and chase a fly,  and we cont'inue to watch as time goes by.     although i love my cat so much sometimes life with him is rough.  my friends think he's a dork but really i think he's a pork. although i love my cat so much,  sometimes life with him is rough.
45	2	he's bummpy and rough,  he sure tries to act tough! he sheds the dead skin.  when he's happy he grins and turns green,  mad a dark brown.  he loves to eat crickets,  he sure doesn't frown.  chomper is my lizard,  the fasinating little stud!
715	2	a baby is soft.  they get in trouble.  they make messes.  they play a lot.  a baby is small.   babies are angels.  babies are cute.
945	2	there once was a man named mark who liked to race a cart he went to his car but all he found was a bar now all he hears is a bark
671	3	i look on the ground and see little white dots.  on the green grass rug i see  polk a dots .   polk a dot's falling to the ground.  everywhere i look i see polk a polk dots.  a red bird eats polk a dots food straight from heaven.
674	3	i went to the storeto by some pants i made a mistake and saw some ants. i went to the store to meet ceaser and i made a mistake and i found him in the freezer.  i went to china to see the chinese instead i made a mistake and saw the siamese.  i went to the store to buy me a popcycle.  i went to the store to buy a ticket and i made a mistake and fond a cricket made a mistake and baught a bicycle.
649	3	you cant stop staring you know you should he catches your eye you would take your eys away if you could  he walks over your heart stops he starts conversation then your heart drops  you busy tonight pick me up at eight your cheeks turn red cause you know you have the perfect dream date
141	1	cafeteria food can really change your mood.    often,  my nose says yes but my eyes say no.  still,  i must go with either choice one or choice two.   because all i got is a buck 32.  as i look at my  choices i choose pb&amp;j.
819	1	jaguars are wild,  you can not tame them if you try to they will bite your hand off! never try to to tame a jaguar unless your expeienced, otherwise you will regret it!
793	1	i got a soccer ball i have two twins   oh no they are gone.     the end
429	1	from lily pad to lily pad,  really slow they hop.  oops! one fell and then goes another,  making them all soaking with wet water!
901	3	my dog is a great one,   yes he is much fun.   his eyes are the color of the deep blue sea,  when we sleep at night he lay with me.   when he runs he is so funny,   people so he is as soft as a bunny.   when he sleep with his legs straight,  in the morning he makes me late.   with his colors all over him,   i always thought of naming him tim.   i love him so very much,  i also think he loves me bunch.
683	1	on a friday night grandma and i were working in the graden then it started to rain then the thunder started screaming like a unhappy baby lightening hit the ground i turned around were my grandma was standing and she was gone inside the house.
70	0	in the stillness of the night  you'll not find your way because all is darkness so dont get a fright,   its only the 13th on the friday that people fear,  so stay away'cause night is near
936	3	radio,  radio youâ’re so cool i love you to death its so,  so true
813	1	math is boring there is no reason why i don't get these symbols is it square or pie if you like math it is clear you are insane i dont get math it is the biggest pain
818	1	the dog is a brown dog with black strips on the top  it ears looks like flat socks they go up when he runs  the dog is spike i know as a pet of dogs not cats.
791	1	people stare     like they just don't care        they laugh and whine            but they hug        people all the time          then they stare,        like i am just not there     they tear me up inside until           i wanna cry but,            i stand strong   i take it all i am the right one      they are all wrong. they can       tease me or laugh but i    am the better one alas i see the     beauty of it, the beauty of             my plan.    when they laugh i take it in.           i take it in too            don't worry          i am a okay and this             could be a song       woo hoo
957	2	dogs are stinky,                              dogs are funny, hairy,  dogs can run,  dogs are nice, bad,  dogs are super, cute.
292	1	one day i went to the park.  my sister thought it was dark. i said ooh no we need to go cause i dont like the dark.  my sister cried i got the why's dont ask me what that means.  i got home went to sleep and woke up with no socks.  and said o my gosh
213	2	look up, yea up at the sky,  wow what's up with the sky??,  there is a bunny ,  and a bird and a horse ,  and a dog,  that's cool,  so whats up with the sky? do you know?
330	2	united we stand   american hearts are full of dreams of the times ahead with pastures green a time of joy and peace and light a place where no one will ever fight one time the dreams were very true but we must now try to renew the tragic day that struck our hearts sank in forever like sharp little darts but there is one thing youâ’ll here us say till the very last great day united we stand  divided we fall you can hit our buildings and make them fall but you can never  shack our pride our freedom our faith and our lives you hit our buildings  but you definitely did miss   america
888	1	thunder- it is very loud.  thunder- it isn't very proud.  thunder- it is very scary,  but it is not hairy.  thunder is amazing,  but it is not blazing,  for lightning is blazing.
602	2	nice friends trustworthy be there for them care!
900	3	super friend optimistic person pefectly sensable hooray for her! i like her a very nice person
835	3	a butterfly  one summer day i saw it flutter by it was goin' my way  beautiful as an angel  colourful like candy silently flying not noticed by any  i followed it to the gardens where it hid among the flowers camouflaged,  it landed but then it started to shower  i stood there in the rain  looking for my butterfly it left as fast as it came and left me thinking why  but then it started to pour in a dark cloudy way so then i went into the store maybe i'll see my butterfly another day
87	3	there was once a world,  where the sky was green.  yes green nobody was ever mean.   there once was a world,  where people could fly.  nobody who was nice and loving would die.    in that world every thing was perfect.  yes everything was boring.  our world is real and not perfect,  we will have a perfect world when pigs go soaring.
651	2	i run with the soccer ball   and i make people fall   when i get the ball taken from me    i get it back and make defenders flee    i donâ’t even care if youâ’re tall
428	1	it was halloween. i hid behind a sign, and jumped out and yelled boo!pardon me my name is sue. my brother is andrew.  let's go trickortreating!!
202	1	how do you live without a mother? who will comb your hair in the morning? who will you talk to about all your problems? how will you sleep at night when your mother is not there to sing to you,  to read a book to you,  or to tuck you in at night? life is difficult without a mother is it not? so love your mother with all your heart!how do you live without your mother?
841	3	the sun shines in the sky,  flowers blooming everywhere.  you see birds fly,  this is a good time to share.  the water is ever so cleer,  i can tell spring is here.
542	1	my music is like  my dreams my dreams are like my smile but when i weak up my dreams my music my smile gous away
467	1	i always ask why.        i do not know why.  why is blue the color sky.  some times my parents ly.  i always ask why.
435	2	soda i love u so much  you give me that nice refreshing touch even thought i drink you to much
939	1	i wrote your name in the sand and the waves washed it away.  i wrote your name on my hand and washed it the next day.  i wrote it on paper and threw it away.  i wrote your name in my head and forever it will stay.
277	1	sophie cute,  playful old,  funny,  clumsy always bitting her rear.  part dingo,  white,  brown eyed,  pet dog.
624	2	boom crash the lights go out go to bed be safe monters will crawl in to be saved                     watch out.
281	2	look a snowflake is falling down; it is like sleet and it's melting.  freezing,  frosting it looks like an angel is falling down.
661	0	i'm sitting here alone up in my room and thinking about the times that we've been through.   i'm looking at a picture in my hand trying my best to understand.   i really wan't to know what we did wrong with the love that felt so strong.   if only you were here tonight.   i know that we could make it right.       i know i've been a fool since you've been gone.   i'd rather give it up then carry on,  cause livin in a dream of you and me is not the way my life should be,  i don't want to cry atear for you so forgive me if i do.       i'd do anything,       i'd give you my world,       i'd wait forever to be your girl.       just call out my name,       i'll be there,       just to show you how much i care.       always and forever you and me,  that's the way our life should be.
897	1	crushed heather,  what can you do? crushed heather,  i'll do it for you.  crushed heather,  where can you be? crushed heather,  a pinch of violet.  so soft.  oh,  so soft crushed heather,  moving so slowly.  crushed heather,   i'm getting very- lonely
731	3	dragons are cool and dragons are nice i love dragons their so very nice .  their colorful and big and so sweat that you can eat them and so very smart.
843	1	it hides in my locker the ball of soccer i play on the field i have no shield oh why oh why did i leave it in my locker
32	2	love,  its like a game,  but in this game no one wins.  it's a tie.  at times things are going poorly,  and at others the game is going great! love is extraordinary and you must use it wisly,  for you never know what you will end up with.
398	2	when i awoke one morning,  a polar bear snoozed on my head.  i asked,  ''what are you doing there?''   it looked at me and said. . .  ''i am setting here on your head,  i am looking for food on a mike.    if you asked what i like,  it is a big orange bike. ''
129	2	feeling insecure when you're around having your stomach turned upside-down yet when you're with them,  you feel free just as if you're the summer breeze  all alone,  always delighted when i see you i get so excited without you i'll be forever lost like a missing sock without any cost  at night they hear me weep  i have to cry myself to sleep so if you love me,  you'll come home my love for you is all i own.
126	2	once there was a boy who liked video games.   but,  he could not even remember his name.  he played the games to much . . . . and then he lost his touch.  his very best game was desert storm 2.
341	0	an illusion of despair, where all the answers lie.  it's the source to my nightmares, which i no longer control.  my mind is now against me,  i'm losing my own soul.
441	1	my dog is a bloodhound my is a cool dog  my dog has a long tail my dog name is fred my dog is 12years old my dog is a black hound my dogs ears are big fred likes to chase car s  fred likes to sleep fred likes to steel shoes
820	3	i have a pet strawbirdy! so nice,  and clean, not dirty! she is shaped like a heart.  boy,  she fits the part! i love my pet strawbirdy!  i love my pet strawbirdy! it has little winds so it can fly.  she always encourages me to try,  try, try! and when i'm sad ,  she makes me glad! i love my pet strawbirdy!  i have a pet strawbirdy! at night she tucks me in.  she will tell me a bedtime story.  at the stroke of nine she leaves to go dine.  i'm left all alone in my bedroom.  i feel scared up here,  but all my fear is washed away because strawbirdy is here! i love my pet strawbirdy
764	3	i go around,  not making a sound.  i'm bound to go very far.  when i lay down i see the stars,  go round and round.  no one has found me yet.  i think i met an angel properly.  oh no i've been found,  i made a sound i will now have to mop i will not get my pop but i do not deserve it.  i wish i was back in the feilds.
80	1	they hide in my closet they hide under my bed  they try to scare me but i don't fear them  they are not real.
787	1	it doesn't matter if your small or big because your allways the same nomatter what if somebody tell's you that your diffrent just don't listen
953	3	love is like a flower that blooms in spring,  love is like a flower that rings.  in the rain love is bought,  in the sunshine love is caught.  love is like a flower that runs over a rainbow,   love is like a flower and it shows.  love is like a flower that fly, s in the air,  love is like a flower that shows that you care love is like a beautiful flower
153	2	when i awoke one morning,   a puppy was on my head.  i asked,  ''what are you doing there?''  it looked at me and said my name is fread and i'm going to bed on your head.
506	1	i love to have no more school,   it is kinda cool.  it is dark during night,  so we camp in the light.
489	1	i hate riding in those small cars they make me sick when i am in it for a long  time. i like the big cars with tvs in them i hate the cars that r only four   seats. if u drive in small cars and go for like 6hours u must be crazy those are my things about cars i was always car sick when i was little'not no more   i never get car sick now i love to drive in the cars bye bye
942	1	the sun rays beat down on my sun burnt skin. <br/>\ni dive off the 7ft cliff.  <br/>\ni hit the water with a splash.  <br/>\nmy friend runs from the waves as they crash against the rocks.  <br/>\nmy bare feet hit the soft muck on the bottom.  <br/>\noh,  i wish i were there to day.  <br/>\nbut yet its iced over.  <br/>\ni can't tell it's may.
382	2	we are all one family,  living and dying,  we are all one family,  laughing and crying,  we are all one family,  hurting and healing,  we are all one family,  breaking and sealing,  we are all one family,  above the sea so grand,  we are all one family,  carved by the maters hand.
430	3	i really love you but i hope you do to i'm waiting for this a very special kiss here comes cupid with a dart for my lonely little heart i want you with me so you could see how wonderful me and you could really be
606	1	a summer day a walk on the beach peaceful
464	3	puppies are so cute.     puppies like to play with me.                                     puppies are so soft.
344	1	my hose was hugry. so she jumped over the fence to the traller and got her food!!!
851	2	roses are red violets are blue my house is sweat and so are you.
763	1	you make fish look good you stupid,  stupid homework when the teacher gives us homework you even make chores look good you had to be invented you stupid stupid homework.
462	1	florida is very busy.  mostly because its a big city,   don't you know.
502	3	family means a lot to me at 6pm mum picks me up from a friends mum,  dad,  me,  sandy,  will,  henry,  that is our family it is also good because we have 2 dogs and 12 fish life is good for me,  the 6 of us and 2 dogs and 12 fish yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeh!
161	2	when i awoke one morning.  a stork was on my head.  i asked,  ''what are you doing there?'' it looked at me and said,  ''i'm feeling really ill  and soon i will be gone!''
541	2	when the world comes undone,  be ready to run.   when the anger sets in,  be ready to release the power within.   when the piece doesn't fit,  be ready to never quit.   when the music plays and you're all alone,  be ready to dance a dance all your own.
16	0	have you ever? have you ever felt so empty inside? like there's this big hole that you can never hide.  a place in your heart you just want to fill,  knowing that nothing or anyone ever will.  a tear in your eye,  a question in your heart,  yearning for the answers and trying not to fall apart.  wanting to be strong,  but knowing that you can't last that long.  you pray to god to take it all away,  but it always seems to stay.  you cry for help you scream in pain,  but helps not enough your going insaine.  have you ever felt this way,  or am i the only one that has all this to say?
549	3	bloop bloop is a wonderful word you can never now what it means every time i here it makes me happy i even wrote a song about it bloop bloop bloopidy bloop
998	3	a poem is quiet like the wispering willow singing a tune a poem is silent like the fall of a leaf over the canyon edge it sings softly like the siren calling the boats in from the waves it takes no answers,  it leaves no clues but the soft circle in the sand that the waves are hesitant to wash away a poem is a sleeping child curled up,  rosy and pale a poem is a miracle
774	2	were where you when we built a ladder to haven?,  were where you when we fell from the top?,  were where you when the color did not mach the sky? when you saw the face of god and he rejected you,  the hearts you saw as we went higher and higher to see more than just god,   as we slowly fell hand and hand seeing our life pass us by and seeing god believe in you once more.
503	3	ricky ponting is the best cricketer he is one day and test cricketer  who's better ponting or lara? pontiing's better,  bad is rest cricketer  when lara went to auntralia ponting defeated the west cricketer  when ponting went to play with him lara defeated by guest cricketer  ponting had really great abilities so those who hate him,  hate abilities  skills are for greats and hence he has power to dispatch to fence,  he has every thing of cricketing sense,  he has  first the settlement,  he would let that be done then big scores,  he would get that be done  indeed he was a good player in world,  an understood player
881	1	i heard a knock at the door  then i heard a creek in the floor my heart froze and my feet dozzed what could this be at my door then someone yelled more,  more,  more there stood a huge man  with a huge ugly fan he then headed stright for me i thought i could this be when he stepped in the light  he gave me a huge fright i noticed it was my dad at the door.
457	1	video games fun cool awesome sad weird adventures scary gross hurtful
944	1	baseball      round,  white  running,  hitting,  cheering       flying home runs            spher
625	3	painting is a art of colors playing with galaxies of colors painting always comes from our hearts painting has all the fun in it painting is imagination fun, imagination, excitement painting is my soul
308	2	home is a place to relax.  home is a place warm and cozy.  home is a place to wash your feet.  home is a place to eat.  home is a place to sleep and sleep.  home is a place special.  home is a place for privacy.  home is a place.  where ever you wanna be
847	1	sally was the smelly one  that made the people very mad.  sally did not care,  not even a bit! that was too bad because she got even more smellier! that  made more trouble.  sally got mad if she had to take a shower and lose her smelly stink,  instead of her being clean!
427	1	life         life is full of hard times.           life can be fun,  though.        life isnt like a handful of dimes,         so silver and waiting.          you must take life bt the tail        and pray you make it out alive.     life is mostly like a bunch of nails,          hard and tough,  but bendable.
263	1	daniel is the most electrifying man in the wwe and i will become the champ
363	1	the sun is bright not as bright at night. but when i look out of my window it makes me want tosay you lighten my day.
54	1	he raises all the way to the sky,  looking for something that preacupies,  he sways,  he stretches,  he strays all around,  he looks all around ,  then he bends and goes all the way d o w n
156	1	pitcher winding up,   pitcher stepping,                                                                               pitcher waiting,  pitcher watching,  catcher waiting,  catcher watching,  catcher catching.  boring,  isn't it?
938	0	small is not tall,   like a mall or a ball.   when they call y'all like a doll in a stall,  they will all fall.
688	1	jordan is my friend he is funny boy but he is a good friend to have.
420	1	i have cat she is a cuddly cat but also very fat.  i love my cat my cat loves me this we all agree,  when i`m alone she keeps me company.  i turn off the light and say good night and give my cat a good good pat.
523	3	chocolate luxurios,  luscious soothing,  addicted,  satisfying yummy,  candy,  red,  tasty
754	1	what do you do when you fall in love with someone special?  do you hurt them? why is the world so mean to me? what do you do when you are loved?  are you hurt? why does everything have to be so hard? what do you do when everyone is hurt?  do you know? does life comes in many ways? why is everyone mean to me? why does everything have to happen so quickly? why the earth has to end? there is one person out there,  to answer all those questions! his name is jesus.  the king of our lives! for he is the king of kings and lord of lords!
397	1	aging aging is creeping  it is coming up  but never going down time is running away  it is so gray on your birthday  because time is going away you say go away birthday but it always stays  your age is getting bigger  you get a shiver aging is creeping  it is coming up  but never going down.
546	1	dogs dogs run away come get something another day. dogs dogs play and stay.
886	2	true love does not tell the past,  but the future it does behold,  the beautiful passion will not last,  unless the heart is gold.
722	1	pick on me,  pick on you,  that is what,  the big kids do.     bragging here,  and over there,  they can brag,  anywhere!  i'm tired of them,  and their version of fun,  why do they laugh,  when our pain has begun?  some are good,  some are bad,  some are strong,  and some are sad.
486	2	there are simple things            in life that you can do to            help the planet out,             like instead of riding           cars,  go bicycling,            or helping re-populate            the trout,           or just recycling,          now go do the things          that this planet needs          best.
260	3	mangos are so good they are so good and juicy mangos are awesome
619	3	my hair may not be long or short but,  it helps my head stay warm.  it is brown and fluffy.  i think my hair may be puffier then a sheep's coat.  i love my hair so much!
538	1	my name is jasmine,  and i have a twin.  most people say that i am mean.
513	1	sometimes you're my friend but you're not.   i wonder if we could be friends and have a good friendship like we use to have.   we would be so close to each other.
532	3	skittles    the majestic way of the skittle land part 1  skittles is the most majestic thing on the planet,  the sour one is sour but kids all over the world like it.   the happy people that love skittles are the best,  the people that have nets can catchâ’ em.                                                                                                  the volcanos are yuck  and the mountains are nice,   this is my poem
157	3	christmas is so fun i love it so much.  it is the best ever it is a great time.  an amazing family event.  my family shares our gifts.  i get an xbox 360 and a ps3 game.
558	1	funny friend has great family cousin never hurts animals
505	1	cat    pretty,  playful    climbing,  playing,  purring    feline,  tiger,  lion,  pet    scratching,  hissing,  biting     black,  white    mammal
367	1	my skateboard has elment symbols that look like a heart on a triangle and all grinded up.
947	3	her vivacious pulse,  waves moving in and out travel swiftly without a thought or a doubt  the serenity of her presence amongst her love to be free inspires us on our voyages through her majestyâ’s sea  her ancient beauty and modern charm reveals earthâ’s beauty unlike any mountain or farm  her regal manner in respect and love was none other than a simple message  to her company above  â“ i never betrayed you  old dwellers of the sea so always remember as i age older to take care and remember meâ”
573	3	when i awake one morning and a ball was on my head.  i asked,  ''what are you doing up there? it looked at me and said,  ''just rolling around. '' why are you rolling around? to find my way around.  to find your way around what? to find a way around your head.  why won't you just role around my head instead of rolling over my head? there would be no fun in that!
935	2	roses are red violets are blue i like sports how about you.
76	1	you said together and together means forever.  but forever we werent when you left me to die but now your the one dead :)
714	3	one day i awoken and found a baldeagle above my head and the eagle said ''hello ashleigh'' i asked ''how do you know my name?'' he anserd ''well it plain to see that your name is ashleigh because of all the things in your room that say ashleigh'' ''oh'' i said then i realy woke up and said wooooo! it was only a dream!!!
647	2	when i am at school i act like a fool when i am at home i am always on the phone roses are red violets are blue and know how to tie my shoe and i will always love you.
812	1	when it is cold it is ''winter'' in ''winter'' there is snow no one likes the cold from ''winter'' there it only snow in ''winter'' everyone do you see something ''winter'' read at the start of every sentence it   spells winter!
723	1	wet snow  ice nice,  cold weather  terrific snowflakes  excellent snow for sledding  ready for a snowball fight
249	1	almost every afternoon,  i eat apples with a spoon.  every evening right at four,  i eat apples stacked on the floor.
20	1	the school bell rings.   i scream when i hear it.  that means i have team practice.   it seems nice.  it's like rolling dice.  twice.
744	3	lithe, swift,  black as a shadow, graceful as a dancer,  eyes that always have a question,  feet like newly fallen snow,  face that could melt the toughest of hearts,  my friend.
250	1	sometimes when i go to bed,  i have nightmares in my head.  do you have nightmares in your head,  sometimes when you go to bed? sometimes my dreams are really scarry,  i dream of a monster big and harry.
94	2	wolfs are so furry, they are really in a  hurry, they like to hunt because they are in are a spunt, so if you hear don't  go near because they like shakespeare
103	2	morning dew forms on the leaves,  as i stare out and wait for you.  birds chirp to one another,  as i sit here and wish for you.  the grass sways wonderfully in the wind,  as i dream here and think of you.  but as i sit out  and stare forever,  a dream is only a dream.
342	1	my best friend caitlyn,  was late and waitin',  at the doctor's office.  she was waiting there for a while,  and she began to file,  file her long fingernails.  she began to be impatient,  her bore came and went,  went through and out the door.  at last,  the doctor came in,  and she put on a grin,  as she walked into the office.
251	1	where i stand i am looking at what was once a field of corn now its nothing but ash   where i stand i see an old mansion reduced to nothing but a burnt out hollow shell   where i stand i see the chains of the enslaved liberated by those yankees   where i stand i see men who i called brother only to be betrayed   where i stand i feel the tighten of my neck only to think about my wife and children   where i stand i draw my last breath only to see the fall of the confederacy
912	1	my fat cat sits out all day he wanders around the house at night he eats his food between the time he sleeps on his bed half the time
632	2	rain comes from the sky.  it makes the ground all muddy,  not dry.  it's also fun to splash in it.  it sounds like drip-drop drip-drop.  you need to wear rain boots in it or  water will come in your socks.
191	1	can you be silly? can you be a clown? can you paint your face away from the crowd?
670	3	snow is fluffy,  crunchy,  and white the sweet icy goodness when you take one bite the children with all joys of glee  all the children play in the snow until their hands freeze
42	1	spring  is wet  but i like to ride my bike  april showers make more flowers grow when you step on grass it makes it low.
979	1	i feel quite bad for a juice bag,  and when thirst it gets the worst just like an old rag,  we poke it with the straw until,  we puncture the bag,  and close in for the kill,  we suck it dry, and throw it in,  the deep,  dark,  old,  cold garbage bin,  there they sit,  all limp and dry,  and the only friends they have are flies,  so now you see you'd be quite mad' if your life was just as bad.
682	1	i may be small all that means is i'm not tall we all fall we both can call we are the same all in all
859	1	chico is a dog, a nice dog. he runs off all the time and then. . . . we give him a spanken. but that's how dogs are.
987	1	i start with a day a beautiful day i have to say but it ended very fast and the day has past i wish it were  longer but us people have to understand that if the days were longer every thing would flomonger
92	1	my dogs crazy he just then ate a daizy my dogs is so lazy he wont drink from his bowl so he uses a straw he chews the head off my baby doll now excuse me while i take him for a walk if only he would stop bang into the wall
458	1	he is my friend we talk to each other we get ice cream we have sleep overs we have cook outs
91	3	red the color of my clear pen.  it looks like a stain glass window.  if i could hear it,  it would sound like a singing bird.  it taste like mexican hot sauce.  it smells like a rose garden.  it feels like a pillow.  red the color of my clear pen.
933	3	the moon is light,   the moon is bright,  the moon is very shiny tonight.   it's shaped like a ball,  looking over us all,  one thing it can't do is fall.   it comes out at night,  it's very white it seems to be in flight.   \t\t\t\t \t\t\t\t\t\t
735	1	tomato tmato same thing tomatos are green and red  the stem is green the roundness is red it is eatable and tasts like a tomato
369	1	the cornerback  with the sack the the ball was inbound then there was a touchdown the bears win after all
252	2	bright green leaves growing on the trees flowers bloming before your eyes birds singing  bright colors of spring  sun beaming down on you  bright blue sky  puffy white clouds passing by spring.
203	3	koffee so brown and cute he's nice and soft just like my boot he's the dog i've always hugged because he's  mine and the one i love!
314	3	school is out for  christmas break! now i dont have to worry about sleeping in late.   no homework no test  this life is the best.   no need to get up early no need to  be in a hurry.   now be a dear and go out to play for christams break  doesn't come everyday.
610	3	sunshine above always shining bright, you warm me you blind and fill me with fright for if you would fall from your perch so high my small little planet would fall like a strucken dove before your eye. for without out you we'd die but your greatness blocks my view to heaven.  so i spread my wings and fly to you i take some angles in our group of seven.
958	3	i like friends   they like me    were best friends like friends   should be
187	1	what  do you  see in the sea?  animals moving  free!                            flat  fish fat fish chasing cat fish   what do you see in the sea? animals moving free!
265	2	at times i can be all worked up,  or bursting with joy,  like 7-up.  those times are when i need to dance,  like hip-hop,  tap,  or even prance.   my tap shoes stare at me on my bed,  they want me to be happy,  not grumpy instead.  an my hip-hop shoes are on my feet,  they let me know that i'm not weak.   so if you haven't  figured yet,  i am a dancer,  with my dreams all set.  i'll dance all day and dream all night,  and know that i have chosen right.
364	3	judges us fairly emanuel strengthens us understands us sincerely loves us.
872	3	wrap the wind around the earth,  and sprinkle some rain on top of it.  lighting and thunder,  what a wonder.  flake some snow into a blizzard,  then clear it all away,  to find a nice day.
636	1	i am from the wild i am not as fierce as i look one saw my dark side one saw my good side and one saw my cute adorable side but what side is my character as i am  fierce and dark sometimes maybe good,  cute,  and adorable,  that is what i am.
220	1	-pitbulls are mean dogs.  -they were used for bull baiting.  -pitbulls were sent to the u. s.  -they became known as stafforshire bull terrier.
256	1	i am alone at home  i am watching t. v but nothing is on i am on the couch so sad looking for mom and dad still on the couch  it is very dark in my house it is so dark i cant see my feet went in the kitchen theirs nothing to eat
114	1	yesterday there was no medical techknowlegy.  yesterday there were wild indians.  yesterday there were no cars but olny wagons and horses.  yesterday there was no television but olny music, and work.  yesterday was along time ago.
466	2	rivers flowing by the rocks,  gleaming in the sunshine bright;         trees green, tall and gay,          bearing us fruit and shade; mountains snowy standing tall,  keeping their heads high,  with nothing to make their pride fail,  in this world wide;     these together make our earth a beauty,       protecting them is our duty!!!
324	2	you may think swimming is a piece of cake,  but really,  you are putting your life at stake.  practice is brutal,  every day,  and when practice comes,  you have no say,  although swimming might not seem cool,  smelling the chlorine in the pool,  swimming is the best sport,  doing cardio work,  the coaches who make practice are definitely not jerks,  going to meets,  making many friends,  swimming is fun,  but practice never seems to end.
65	2	i turned to the right,  it gave me a fright, i saw a clock that sat on a block,  the clock looked tired so we said you're hired.  then he layed on a bed, when he woke up he yelled ''hey pup'' come on get redy for work. . . . wait,  whats my name but make sure its not lame.   your name is  dirk.  so lets go to work.  who is my boss?      ross!
994	1	my dog is like a human  she has a blue eye and a black eye  mysterious looks just like eric  she broke two of her legs  just like eric  i think that it will grow up to be a nasty old dog  she is also like a child no one allowed to touch her.
408	3	time to let your dreams fly let your heart collide find your heart exploding reach for the twinkling stars stand back and float to the moon
320	3	my little pup,  a ragged little one sings the song of life it goes pup,  pup my little little pup!!the happy little pup sings to herself!!! about her wonderful pup life song!!!!!
400	2	tomorrow is close though we will never get there  tomorrow brings hope
989	1	oh me oh miye! i late late i will get bad  grade what grade  i say a grade is something that you  get in four grade  oh  yes! no! a test mc mess mess  so no so a sad boo whoo and and  you are early  ok  i am early  yes ! oh me oh miye  ! i am not late late for  school i will get a good grade what grade i say you can go to fourth grade but its a satrday oh lets go and play today ok.
327	2	my name,              my name is the seven letters that make up who i am,  they are the letters that define me.  charlie is the cracks in the floorboard that makes when you walk up the stairs.  itâ’s the sound of the laughter amplified by the movement of the trees like those dancing inflatables in front of car dealerships.  charlie means man,  warrior,  and army,  but i never feel those things.  those words are translated into a language only i can understand,  the language like the warrior iâ’m supposed to be.  charles is too formal; it is a tailored suit,  but it doesnâ’t fit me.  charlie is comfort like wind through the trees.  my name is the bunny that loses its mother,  looking into the unknown.  the keys of the piano without any strings.  it screams but no one can hear it.              my name is the remembrance of my dead grandpa,  the one who called all us chuck,  until they named me that.  itâ’s the name that makes me sad i never got to meet him but one day i will.  we share a name,  the name that tastes like the sour sweet sap that comes out of a tree.  my name is whole,  my name is complete.  i see the sadness about the remanentes of my lost twin,  the one they say that looks like me yet i canâ’t remember.  c-h-a-r-l-e-s,  charles they say,  youâ’re just like him,  but i donâ’t remember.
904	2	the bed is looking for my head.  oh,  how i wish for book that i read.  as i said the the bed is calling for my head.   time for bed,  as the kids are feed.
10	2	up,  down,  left,  right why is this so true? why can't i tell the true shape of mt.  lu?  because i myself am the mountian.
27	1	oneday i looked outside and saw a huge slide,  i asked my mom if clyde could come and slide? she said yes, and i said your the best!
597	3	spring, spring  here it comes   the snow is melting,     we are praying for the sun,      we play outside,       we sing,  we dance,        we wait for spring,         then finally we get,          what you ask,           we get spring!!
963	1	blue is the sky                                                 blue is the ocean                                        blue is a flower                                          blue is your eyes
212	1	we were ignored,  now we're seen we were opressed,  now we're free we were ignorant,  now we see we are the iraqi women.  our voices were never heard,  now we're noticed our faces were alwayes covered,  now their revealed our lives were chosen for us,  now we will chose our path we are the iraqi women.
930	0	i remember the day i moved away,  never such a trandegy could occur.  i thought that my life could never get worse. . .  obviously i was wrong! as if i hadnt been through enough,  now,  i had to leave,  leave all my friends,  family,  and home. . .   it isn't easy  starting new,  leaving things behind,  even you.  the misery in your heart,  the new start,  it never ends,  never goes away. . .  the feeling never dissappears. . .  the black whole in your body,  the feeling of emptiness.  nothing helps,  just gets worse.   made great friends,  but nothing compares,  to what i know and whats happened. . .  i try so hard,   i try all the time,   iut no matter what i do,  i will never rip loneliness away,   with all the friends that i have,  there is still that thing inside me. . .  the thing that knows what has been done. . .  where i belong. . .  what i want. . .  the place i call. . .  home. . .
322	2	when i awoke one morning,  a stork was on my head.   i asked,  ''what are you doing there?'' it looked at me and said  ''this is my house''  ''i'm not a mouse i live in a house'' i replied saying ''this is my house'' so get out stork''
488	2	there once was a tree like a bee the tree looked like a bumblebee the tree is like a honeybee like that big, old mulberry tree
756	2	pens by tyler  pens are fun to play with exellent pens everywhere  no pen is not cool some pens are not good
617	3	it's a boy it's a girl their twins!!! their both presious as pearls!! better get sum toys! twins is two meaning a double win!! so we will congratulate u twice for its twice as nice  congratulations!!(x2)
771	1	the special place is called my room.  i like to go there to sit,  sleep,  eat,  watch tv,  or just to think.  i like to go to my room so i can relax.   when i am in my room i like to write.  i write mostly about how my brother made me angry that day.  i hide my journal so no one can see it.  i like to keep my life private.   my room is where i go when i like to be by myself.  sometimes i just feel like getting away from everyone else.  i go in my room when i like to hide,  when i know something is wrong on the outside.   sometimes i go in my room when i am mad.  i slam the door and shut myself out from society.  i turn on the tv and forget about reality.   my room is my special place because i have had that space for eighteen years.  my room is my special place because itâ’s the only thing that knows all of my dreams and fears.  if walls could talk they would know everything about me.  my room is my special place because itâ’s my safe place to be.
555	1	as she pulled her suitcase to the stuffed car she thought about where she was going and about how far.  she was moving up north where they all talk funny.  she felt like she had butterflies in her tummy.  she got into the car and thought about her dog as they drove away into the fog.  she wished she was at her grandparents swimming in their pool.  but then she thought it might be pretty cool.  when they got she looked at her mom,  and mom looked back and said,  ''well,  we better unpack. ''  she shot back a smile and thought to herself it will only be a little while.
752	1	sun is shinning bright. \t\t\tbirds are flying all around. \t\t\t\t\tsummer`stime for pools.
445	2	when i awoke one morning,  a stork was on my head.  i asked,  ''what are you doing there?'' he looked at me and said:  ''i have nothing ot do so i'm stitting on top of you.  your dad said you were bratty.  your mom said you were chatty.   ''so i'm here to teach you how to be classy instead of sassy.  so that's why i was on your head,  while you slept in your bed. ''
105	2	when i see a tree it whipers to me.  a tree is still it's like a daphdill
710	2	i am so smelly  i don't have a belly  i have a friend tyler  he is a big layer
247	1	i eat chips with my hands.  i even fry them in a pan.  although it might sound weird, i even stash them in my beard.  i eat them when they are rough and even if they're tough.
975	1	the blue moon shines bright,       the wolf howls to the blue moon,        the sound of the wolf glistens,         the wind blows softly,          winter is here.
732	2	there is snowflakes falling hard                      my siblings and i are in the yard                      we are sledding yelling,  yipee!                   then we flip down the hill,  especially me                       we go skating having lots of fun            then they started to chase me,  i started to run                   i tripped and flew like a bird in the sky                  then we built a snow wall up really high                we lay down and made snow angels galore after 100 snow angels,  the ground looked like a white floor        we went inside and had hot chocolate with steam              then i woke up it was all just a dream \t\t\t\t
118	2	when i woke up one morning a flower bloomed on my head.  i asked it why was it up there and this is what it said,  ''your hair lookes like grass,  and you put dirt on your head. ''
165	1	my head is blasting out of space.  i can't control it,  it really really hurts.  i feel like i just fell off a tree you don't know how i fell.  you now how i feel; i feel like i'm going to faint.
964	3	the nice days love happiness and freedom nothing better,  fresh air oh and coming home to mom's famous cooking the nice days going to school and learning about history and math this is the nice days.
245	3	i am like a red rose always trying to stand  out  i am like midnight dark and mysterious  i am like thunder fierce and strong when i get mad  i am like a guinea pig curious trying to see what life means  i am like a stove always busy cooking  i am as calm as a plain always following the direction of the wind  i am!!
759	2	mars has no cars,  rather than jars,  jars can hold worms,  covered in germs,  mars.
997	2	roses are red violets are blue this is a little something to say  flourina i love you.    from deyon
608	1	boy girl  garden gate  standing kissing  very late  dad comes  big boots  boy runs  girl scoots
822	1	i love the sport lacrosse.  i just started this year.  it is better than baseball.  i thank god for the sport.   there are many sports.  chuck is horrible in lacrosse.  i hate baseball.  jake plays baseball.
