852	2	Of course, there is so much more to do. But things are looking up, and responsible competition is our best hope for global climate progress.
836	1	Hirschfeld portrays the show’s leading man, the ambivalent bachelor Bobby (Dean Jones), surrounded by and submerged in the tantalizing phantoms of the women in his life. You get the impression that Bobby will never be free of their presences. Typically, Bobby appears to regard this life sentence with both regret and pleasure. Me, I feel only pleasure — and so much gratitude — at the prospect of being haunted for the rest of my life by the ghosts of Sondheim performances past.
280	5	As a society, we show we value education not by calling teachers heroes while treating their work as expendable. We do it by paying attention to the conditions that make teaching and learning possible and by ensuring that — despite everything else happening in the world — schools are sites of stability, not chaos.
575	2	The ability of Ukraine to elicit international solidarity has been among its most potent weapons in this war. Against it, Putin needs some solidarity of his own, and the natural place for him to look for it is among liberalism’s enemies. He is working to cultivate cynicism about Ukrainian heroism, and convince those alienated by Western culture to identify with Russia. If he’s going to visit further atrocities on the Ukrainians, it helps to have Americans claiming it’s their own fault.
208	4	It wasn’t long ago that Americans understood that the promise of this country lay in its belief that openness to immigrants was an affirmation of our values, not a rejection of them; that our belief in equality was a means of strengthening the ideal of merit, not obstructing it; and that the purpose of a public education was to get beyond the politics of identity, not wallow in it. It shouldn’t be too late to reclaim these understandings again.
609	3	But if I’m being honest, I think that Osaka, Westbrook and many of today’s athletes have a bit of an unbalanced understanding of why many, if not most, people go to sporting events and scream. It’s not just because we appreciate the athletic mastery and superhuman feats on display. The fan’s social contract itself is the draw, because the stands are the only place where we can scream at someone without too much fear of reprisal or consequence, and where the person we abuse has a talent or wealth that allows us to think that our actions are just part of the deal they signed. This, of course, is nonsensical, but nothing about fandom really makes any adult sense.
932	1	My mom taught me that justice is more important than unity, and that unconditional love and support is a pretty sound parenting baseline. From my dad I gleaned that history, like music, is not something that happens, it’s something you make. And from Aunt Isabelle? Well, from her I learned that with faith and perseverance, even underdogs can sometimes do unexpected things.
725	1	On Dec. 16 the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau issued orders for information to five companies in the space: Affirm, Afterpay, Klarna, PayPal and Zip. I asked the companies for their reaction. Affirm said it doesn’t charge late fees. Afterpay and Klarna said they “pause” accounts from future purchases if a payment is late. PayPal said it ended late fees globally Oct. 1. Zip said it “will continue to prioritize regulatory compliance.”
47	3	I’m reminded of Matthew 6:5-6, in which Jesus explains to his disciples how to pray, telling them that there is no need to do so publicly, showing off their religious devotion for the purpose of garnering attention (or polarizing the people around them). Christ tells them: “And when you pray, do not be like the hypocrites. For they love to pray standing in the synagogues and on the street corners to be seen by men. Truly I tell you, they already have their full reward. But when you pray, go into your inner room, shut your door, and pray to your Father, who is unseen. And your Father, who sees what is done in secret, will reward you.” And I would guess (but never assume) that these instructions include “Don’t put Jesus’ name on a campaign bus.”
985	5	All of this is what is happening among what can seem to a New Yorker like just a lot of people from a lot of places chatting on the subway. The myriad ways people talk, and how these ways change, kaleidoscope-style, over time, as often as not while colliding and mixing and working it all out, is part of why people become linguists. It’s exhilarating.
337	3	Gail: And as a faithful fan of the Cincinnati Bengals, I absolutely guarantee that the public world can survive very nicely without Tom Brady. Chill in peace.
581	7	Ms. Gabbard and Mr. Carlson have identified a genuine problem: the corruption and lack of accountability that plague American foreign policy. Addressing that problem will sap their appeal. Calling them traitors will only ensure that it grows.
155	4	Dash has called this phenomenon the non-credential of tech culture. It stems from the internet’s early days as devoutly libertarian and anti-institutional, and thrives in online spaces like Reddit and Discord. The idea that tech cannot “trust those outsiders” poses a problem for tech’s ability to solve real problems. As Dash put it, “The challenge is that a maturing industry has to have the continuity of expertise.” I offered a counterpoint: a maturing industry could also have regulation. So far, that is a pipe dream.
692	3	Covid is changing right before our eyes. We need to adapt along with it.
862	5	If Maine gets that power, the freedmen will be rolling in their graves.
790	1	This conversation, between Kass and the New York Times Opinion columnist David Brooks, is an attempt to answer that question. Along the way, they discuss the difference between choosing a career and discovering a vocation; the key ingredients of a successful romantic relationship; how to distinguish between superficial friendships and life-altering ones; why finding the right job is less about searching within ourselves and more about committing to something beyond ourselves; Kass’s view that the most distinctive thing about individuals isn’t their race, gender or class but “the ruling passions of their souls”; and what the biblical Exodus story can teach Americans about how to live together more harmoniously.
572	8	Democrats can’t force Republicans onto a different path. But they also can’t act as if they’re above the fray. That appears to have been the plan so far, and if the current political state of the Democratic Party is any indication, it’s not working. The only alternative is to confront the Republican Party as forcefully as possible and show the extent to which that party has descended into conspiracies and corruption.
241	6	But Black people are weary of this political dance, of being drawn near and then pushed away, of having individuals elevated but the collective damaged, of having sweet nothings whispered in our ears only to be denied in public.
992	7	So don’t believe politicians who are trying to portray Biden’s investment agenda as somehow irresponsible and radical. It’s highly responsible, and it’s an attempt to restore the all-American idea that government should help create a better future.
788	7	But we hope that it does not come to this. We urge Ms. McWilliams to reconsider her position and defer to the F.D.I.C.’s Democratic majority. If she does not back down, however, the Democrats must continue to fight. The fate of President Biden’s economic agenda depends on it.
980	1	At my family’s Thanksgiving, we all go around the table and name something we are grateful for. I am thankful for my wife and children. I am thankful for the life that they live. But I am also thankful for the things I suffered that made me who I am and for the ways that such suffering does not let you go. It ties you to all the other hurting people of the world. It gives your success a vocation and a purpose: to create more happy families gathering for family meals.
498	6	These are admittedly smaller solutions than what Bloomberg has proposed, but it also seems the worst possible outcome would be a capricious transformation in education that capitalizes on political frustrations and demonizes the very public school teachers who have the experience and the commitment to see us through this crisis.
107	4	But to do that, they need a vision of America’s future that’s not just lifted from Western Europe’s past.
767	1	Today, Mr. Arzunyan remains curious about the unexplored facets of his heritage. The quest isn’t over yet.
839	8	The federal appeals courts should not allow the companies to turn the First Amendment against the values it was meant to serve. They should strike down the Florida and Texas laws but reject the social media companies’ broader arguments. It would be terrible if the First Amendment were allowed to become an obstacle to carefully drawn legislation meant to strengthen democratic values online.
931	1	I like to think young Marlon would have been proud of me.
300	5	Which brings me back to America’s erstwhile Putin admirers. I’d like to think that they’ll take Russia’s Ukraine debacle as an object lesson and rethink their own hostility to democracy. OK, I don’t really expect that to happen. But we can always hope.
386	7	The way we watch football today feels like a capitulation that’s interesting because of how common this kind of giving in has become in modern life. We, the concerned public, may flare up our indignation for a short period when faced with an obvious problem — from school shootings to Covid policy — but there’s no real sense that we can do anything about these issues that make us mad. This doesn’t mean we are unaware or even particularly apathetic. Again, nine out of 10 sports fans believe concussions are a problem in football; it’s more that we have no faith that we can change our institutions and, with ample evidence and sound reason, have dropped the belief that we even should have any input into how they choose to do business. What usually remains are the empty displays of concern we see every Sunday: the collective wincing when the inevitable happens, the hope that the harmed will be OK and then the quick move to a different subject.
490	7	This is not for the long term, noted Levitsky: “I want to get back as quickly as possible to where I can disagree with Liz Cheney on every policy issue” — and that is the most we have to worry about — “but not until our democracy is safe.”
918	8	Perhaps the Biden administration and other foreign leaders feel they are doing what’s best for Haiti by standing behind Mr. Henry. They are actually standing in the way of what’s right: letting Haitians save our own country.
49	1	Consider this my recommendation for the weekend. Watch both films and take a minute to think about them.
216	4	The Supreme Court does not exist outside of ordinary politics, and the justices aren’t members of a secular priesthood. Anything that makes this clear, anything that helps bring the court back down to earth where it belongs, is worthy of our support.
887	2	This points to a rather intriguing possibility: Perhaps the expectation that workers will be able to get a better deal in the future is creating the reality that they’re getting a better deal today.
73	4	In a working paper circulated by the National Bureau of Economic Research this month, Ewens, Gupta and Howell conclude that private-equity ownership leads to higher digital circulation and lower chances of newspapers’ shutting down. However, they write, “the composition of news shifts away from local governance, the number of reporters and editors falls, and participation in local elections declines.”
125	4	My take: Spotify didn’t do their due diligence by fully listening to Rogan, which is an insult to him and also to Spotify’s users. And then Spotify was caught flat-footed when its investment caught flack. They’re a business and certainly can stick with the guy that is helping them grow, but enough with the word-washing.
565	2	Maybe if we try to find a middle ground, collegiality doesn’t have to be a relic of the past. It does not hurt to think of it as we ring in a new year.
262	4	We were extremely careful about direct escalation with the Soviets even when they invaded Hungary or Czechoslovakia or Afghanistan, and the result was a Cold War victory without a nuclear war. To escalate now against a weaker adversary, one less likely to ultimately defeat us and more likely to engage in atomic recklessness if cornered, would be a grave and existential folly.
717	1	When the cheese is gone, you might wonder whether those slices of garlic are worth biting into. They are.
596	2	Madeleine knew exactly what that meant. Even at the end of her life, she treasured her first glimpse of the Statue of Liberty, sailing into New York Harbor in 1948 as an 11-year-old refugee on a ship called the S.S. America. She would have been thrilled by President Biden’s announcement on Thursday that the United States will welcome up to 100,000 refugees fleeing Ukraine, and she would encourage us to do more to respond to this unfolding humanitarian nightmare. She would warn, as she did in her book, about the “self-centered moral numbness that allows Fascism to thrive,” and urge us to keep pushing the envelope for freedom, human rights and democracy. We should listen.
669	3	Superpower, as Izvestia noted three decades ago, is a hard habit to kick, and it is incumbent on the West to disabuse Mr. Putin of his imperial illusions. But calling his bluff on Ukraine would be a dangerous gambit, Mr. Frolov warned, recalling a tenet of the Obama administration that “superpowers don’t bluff.”
309	5	Kropp said he feels for corporate chiefs who are bogged down in the culture wars. “One C.E.O. told me, ‘If we get involved in everything our employees want to get involved in, that would become my full-time job.’” On the other hand, Kropp said: “You’ve got a set of values. Are you going to stand up for them or not?”
803	1	But Mary’s story recalls that joy can’t be gotten cheaply. The pain of the world cannot be papered over in a sentimental display of tamed little angels and a cute, chubby baby Jesus. The emptiness in the world and in our own lives can’t be filled with enough hurry or buying power or likes or retweets. We wait for the birth of Jesus, who was called Emmanuel, God with us. We wait with Mary for our hunger to be filled.
877	8	Prosecutors can work in the interests of fairness and justice, but they can also cheat and destroy people’s lives. They should be held accountable when they do — both to vindicate their victims and to help ensure that they can’t do it again.
848	2	Far wiser, instead, to treat negative coverage as an example of the press living up to its primary mission, the accurate description of reality — which is still the place where the Biden administration and liberalism need a better strategy if they hope to keep the country on their side.
580	2	“Communities across the state are rising up to find ways to protect their communities,” Mr. Pearson said. “We’re in the fight and always will be.”
864	4	In the short film above, girls ages 14 to 17 open up about the excitement, confusion and anxiety of going through puberty today. What they share speaks not just to their peers — or parents — but to all women whose coming-of-age experiences went unacknowledged. I hope that rather than gloss over what happens during puberty, we can share it more openly.
447	7	As the game warden said in “Jurassic Park” about the velociraptors, “They were testing the fences for weaknesses, systematically.” Well, Republicans have found the weakness in our fence, and our wardens are failing to fortify it.
484	5	Reis reminded me that sovereign debt crises tend to be self-fulfilling prophecies: Investors get nervous about a government’s ability to pay, so they demand higher interest rates, which raise borrowing costs and produce the bad outcome they feared. It’s a dynamic that Argentines are familiar with — and that Americans had better hope they never experience.
418	1	Sunshine is always the best medicine.
147	3	The moral of this discussion isn’t that the mainstream is always right, or that you should listen only to people with the right formal credentials. It is, instead, that new ideas should be judged as ideas, not by whether those proposing those ideas talk a good game. We all love tales of brave innovators challenging a stodgy establishment, but that very love opens the doors for hucksters — who may be fooling themselves, as well as others — who actually have nothing to offer but a good story line.
556	1	Imagine the country you want to see in 2022 and in the years to come. Choose one change that would give you hope and pride. Find a group working to bring that change about. Join it. And figure out what else in your life you have to do and change to make your resolution real.
323	4	In a way, this is a cheering thought. There's much that can be done to speed decarbonization even while Joe Manchin stalls. But this project will require facing something liberals prefer to ignore. Government isn’t working that well, even where liberals are in charge, and that’s partly by design. Liberals hobbled government because there was a time when government needed to be hobbled. But new problems demand new solutions. May we be so successful in pursuing them that, decades from now, our achievements can be taken for granted and a future generation, living in a stable climate, can work to unwind our excesses.
37	7	The intimidation hailing down on historically Black colleges and universities this month has proved yet again that the only way to achieve true justice in this country is for all Americans to understand that racial justice is not inevitable and it is not irrevocable. The only way to achieve true justice is to fight the virulent racism working at every turn to destroy it.
586	2	The global community must act collectively and decisively to control the Covid-19 pandemic in Africa. Otherwise, the rising sense of optimism that people around the world feel as they return to normal may be compromised by the emergence of new variants in other parts of the world with limited vaccination. This pandemic has shown that we are more connected and vulnerable than many of us believed, and that the risk of allowing health inequities to persist is too great. We must come out of this pandemic together, for the interest of our common humanity.
438	2	In addition to the immediate benefits of better collaboration between the C.D.C. and F.D.A., there is an indirect value: trust. The agencies are full of experts working incredible hours during the pandemic to save lives. The public will be reassured to see them together, connecting the latest information about the pandemic to the most effective use of tests, medications and vaccines.
409	8	There are times when the federal government needs to take election rules out of the hands of the states. Looking at the restrictions and power grabs passed by state Republican lawmakers in the wake of Donald Trump’s defeat, I’d say now is one of those times. It may not happen anytime soon — the voting rights legislation in question went down in defeat this week — but it should remain a priority. The right to vote is fundamental, and any attempt to curtail it should be fought as fiercely and as aggressively as we know how.
52	4	The push for a trading ban is about more than imposing rules to keep lawmakers on the straight and narrow. It is about changing the widespread perception of public service as a playground for corruption and self-dealing. It is about restoring Americans’ faith in their government. For Congress, there may be no worthier cause.
599	5	Seeking to deprive Russia of airpower in the conflict would be an extraordinarily dangerous gamble with uncertain payoff. The Biden administration should remain resolute in rejecting such proposals, which, although presented as half measures to avoid direct war between the United States and Russia, are in fact tantamount to exactly that war. The United States and its NATO allies must continue to help Ukraine. But they must also do their part to avoid escalating that conflict, as the costs of doing so could well be unfathomable.
687	6	People find such sentiments inspiring. Regimes usually don’t. A decade later, the Christian emperor Theodosius was banning the Olympics on the grounds that there was too much nudity in them — without any objections from common sense. The conventional wisdom had come around to dogmatism. It still too often does.
879	4	Finally, if you can bear to read it, The Times’s Dana Goldstein has a smart look at active shooter drills in American schools, and whether or not they’re effective. I don’t know quite how to process the fact that we have to have this conversation, that these are the conditions we’ve accepted as a society. But I’m grateful to have this reporting to remind me that these deadly and horrible events are rare, even though they’ve come to feel routine, and despite being reminded of The Onion’s macabre joke headline: “‘No Way to Prevent This,’ Says Only Nation Where This Regularly Happens.”
716	1	Hope you enjoy the holidays. I will return Jan. 6 but will look forward to hearing from you in the meantime.
243	3	“Having said that, all the planning that he’s done in his career, the building of alliances, the team he put together: Implicit in their approach to the world is that the presidency surprises you with things all the time,” he added. “This is a job of surprises.”
131	2	These activists need spaces to come together in the quiet when revolutions are only impassioned conversations among the aggrieved and dreaming. Because without those spaces, we risk a future in which the possibility of new realities will remain just beyond our grasp.
562	4	African literature’s big year is a reckoning. For too long, the major Western awards have ignored the sure-footed, endlessly inventive work coming out of the continent, and even award winners encounter a publishing world skewed against them. But it’s also, more profoundly and pleasurably, an invitation to readers to open themselves up to African fiction’s many variations — and see what new strands of connection they might find.
219	2	All of us, no matter what languages we are born speaking and which ones we later adopt, are constantly coming to terms with parts of our identities that simultaneously define and confound us. Any chance to grasp onto what confuses us most about ourselves and turn that into clarity is a welcome one. For me, this opportunity arrived in the form of Lent, which to our benefit arrives every year just as winter is becoming a fresh, welcoming spring: an invitation to prepare ourselves to grow in ways we may not expect.
95	2	You were made for me, and I was made for you, and we were both made for the grieving widow and the friendless child and the old man sleeping in the sunny library chair and the tired barista just barely leaning her hip against the counter and the teenager sneaking a smoke in the parking lot and the woman in high heels pumping gas and the cyclist pedaling head-down in the whoosh of passing traffic and the bored checkout clerk and the irritated mother whose child will not put on her shoes and the fog-breathed lineman in the bucket high above branches just on the verge of breaking into bud.
808	7	Some policymakers may be wary of not using case numbers as the primary metric to guide public behavior and policy. As cases become more complex, however, health departments should still monitor infection numbers, but guidance should be tied to hospitalization metrics. When rising cases do not reliably predict hospitalization surges, hitching Covid policies to cases alone is no longer effective policy — or good public health.
82	6	That’s too simplistic, though, and teaches us to ignore so much that remains valuable despite the sins of the past and many of the people in it. To question society’s biases and structural inequalities is enlightened. To make this questioning the central focus of artistic endeavor is blinkered — not to mention suspiciously easy, offering reasons to wave things away without having done the work of engaging with or thinking about them. Humanity is so very much richer, and so very much more challenging, than disproportions in power and the ills they can lead to. To go narrow makes us smaller.
696	6	Upon graduation, he earned two associate degrees and a bachelor’s, and is now a student in a master’s degree program in occupational therapy. He lives with his girlfriend and their two dogs, wearing “Happy Hanukkah” bandannas in the picture he enclosed. All children and adolescents who need it should have access to care like this. Will we learn from this crisis and finally invest in the well-being of our young people?
306	4	We can breathe a sigh of relief, for now, but when it comes to the future of the independent state legislature doctrine, the worst may still be on the horizon.
956	5	Perhaps he and other amateur astronauts are fated to recognize, in that quiet knot of bathos, that to be the Midas of an ailing planet is the ultimate spiritual impoverishment. That an act of hubris can never truly buy humility, let alone wonderment.
144	5	Barring some unforeseen calamity, Ms. Lipstadt will wind up with the post she deserves. But her experience is simply the latest example of a process that has become hopelessly broken. Too often, senators are interpreting advise and consent to mean grandstand and foot drag. The fault extends far beyond any single snowflake.
999	1	As well, of course, for the relative newcomers. So when it comes to thanks, I’ll be including another year of conversing with you, Bret. And looking forward to carrying on into 2022 and beyond.
415	6	Would this work? Nobody knows. What we do know is that a year of trying to be conciliatory and unifying hasn’t worked. It’s time for Biden to come out swinging.
548	4	Ultimately, to end our burnout culture, we will need not just better working conditions but new ideals about work’s role in human flourishing. That will entail committing to ideals of manhood that rely less on economic productivity and more on virtues like loyalty, solidarity and courage — including the courage to quit a job, raise a child or both.
4	6	Bret: Can’t be said often enough, Gail. Journalism is a human enterprise, so it’s inevitably a flawed one, and everyone loves to be a critic. But as I constantly refresh the live scroll of updates from our colleagues in and around Ukraine, I’m in awe at what a free press does and can do. That kind of freedom is also what the people of Ukraine are now fighting to preserve. Nobody should be indifferent to their fate or fail to understand who’s on the right side of this battle.
704	1	In the 19th century Édouard Manet shocked the world with his painting of Olympia, that famous nude who gazed back, becoming an active participant. No longer an allegory of idealized femininity, as previous nudes had been, Olympia is a real woman, a courtesan. With one look, she created a new possibility: a woman who is the gatekeeper of her sexuality, who lets herself be looked at and enjoyed — if, when, how and as much as she wants. I am inspired by her gaze. In it, I see her boundaries expressed; she calls the shots.
707	1	“Time passes” is the refrain that runs through that book. “Time passes. Memory fades, memory adjusts, memory conforms,” she writes, “to what we think we remember.”
143	6	As much as possible, education must continue to guide our response. Bigots may never be convinced by facts and reason, but treating every misguided person like a bigot changes no one’s mind.
269	3	We cannot experience the full benefits of a university education without having our ideas challenged, yet challenged in ways that allow us to grow. As Ms. Sacks told me, “We need to have conversations about these issues without punishing each other for our opinions.”
926	4	I'm gonna shut my door again, ok?
479	4	The overarching idea is, publicly and thoroughly, to explore just how bad things could get precisely to ensure that they never do and that America’s abject political decay is averted.
284	4	Our main concern right now must, of course, be for the Ukrainians suffering the destruction of their nation. However, this tragedy also gives Americans a reminder of how easily the critic becomes the Cassandra. America may be a mess in many ways, but a look at the headlines lately shows us what a mess really can be. Some might decide that for all our missteps and, yes, even catastrophes, our rehearsal is going, at least, fairly well.
889	7	Voters are facing real challenges — and so is our country. They need to know that Democrats are listening, working, and fighting for them. The voters deserve that level of respect and need to know we have their back.
951	4	Most important, I won’t wait. Today is as good a day as any to enjoy what life already offers.
294	3	As he told me, “I’m not trying to lose the race critique but deepen it.”
950	10	Women have been oppressed and continue to be oppressed, and it is wrong. My professor’s definition of feminism seems as cogent now as it did when I was in college. Given how much work there is to be done, we need as many allies as we can get. We need to recover the art of building coalitions across deep difference if we are going to ameliorate the complex problems women across the globe face. The needs of women are urgent, and we cannot address them if feminism devolves into a fight about one issue.
13	4	For Democrats, then, this is a culture war they can win. They just have to fight it.
705	9	Journalism, like democracy, thrives in an environment of transparency and freedom. No court should be able to tell The New York Times or any other news organization — or, for that matter, Project Veritas — how to conduct its reporting. Otherwise, it would provide an incentive for any reporter’s subjects to file frivolous libel suits as a means of controlling news coverage about them. More to the point, it would subvert the values embodied by the First Amendment and hobble the functioning of the free press on which a self-governing republic depends.
515	4	Good employment matches require serious effort and fresh thinking by both students and employers. “Year Up is almost a hack to a broken system,” Chertavian said. “You’d want to change the system.” He added: “It’s partly consciousness-raising. If we can change people’s beliefs, we have a shot at changing their behaviors.”
751	1	And you can do it, too, either by volunteering as a Casa yourself, or by supporting either Casa or your local Casa organization.
356	6	If governments and international organizations normalize relations with the al-Assad regime, Syria’s story risks replicating elsewhere and the ruins of Al-Qaboun risk becoming our new norm.
121	6	Mary: If the government contributed more toward school, college, the cost of school and the cost of health insurance, I think the economy would improve immensely. I mean, my daughter lives in Europe, and their taxes are higher, but their roadways are perfect. Her fiancé never paid one penny from kindergarten through college, and she has free health. They do pay like $50 a month, but she gets everything for free. And the government pays for that. They see where their taxes go. We don’t see where our taxes really go.
621	4	The historical pattern of midterm contests suggests that a rejection of the party in power is the customary order of business. But the consequences of a Republican takeover of the House or of both branches of Congress are unlikely to be routine. What we can be sure of is that the Democrats can’t go on forever with this much of a gulf between what the majority of progressive party activists think the party should stand for and what the majority of Americans think it should.
909	1	Where do you draw the line between journalism and family? Maybe at the point where you, the prominent news anchor, start thinking that your job is running down rumors for your brother.
895	6	In the current political climate, it is perhaps too much to expect lawmakers to approach their basic legislative duties more rationally — to strive to avoid and ameliorate crises rather than generate new ones. But if they are going to keep putting the nation through unnecessary, even manufactured dramas, then, yeah, they deserve to spend the holidays toiling over all the stuff they should have gotten done earlier.
983	5	Michael Mann, a climate scientist and the author of the new book “The New Climate War: The Fight to Take Back Our Planet,” argues that BP started one of the first carbon calculators — and promoted itself as being “Beyond Petroleum” — possibly to deflect attention from its own role in the climate crisis. “Whether this reflected a genuine embrace of green energy or a cynical ‘green wash’ gambit, we’ll never know,” he writes. But if all of us are guilty, then no one can single out the fossil fuel industry for blame.
472	5	As a columnist, I’m supposed to have some answers. But I just don’t right now. I just know the situation is dire.
477	7	But this kind of compromise, which acknowledges the brute facts of geopolitical power, is harder when officials in Washington pretend that only tyrants like Mr. Putin expect a say over the behavior of their weaker neighbors. The United States must stop lying to itself. The more willing the Biden administration is to admit that it, too, expects a sphere of influence in its corner of the globe, the better able it will be to ensure that Russia’s sphere of influence doesn’t destroy Ukraine or plunge Europe into war.
863	8	The bottom line is, we are educating students who know life only in the world of school shootings. Lawmakers need to pass legislation to protect students, teachers and others from gun violence. The right to own and carry a gun shouldn’t outweigh the right to live peacefully and attend school safely.
955	5	The Supreme Court will rule on Dobbs, but that will not be the end of the story. This story, like most movements for greater equality throughout American history, is not ultimately about the judiciary’s interpretation of the Constitution. It is about the impact of large-scale social movements, and of regular people and their power to change the way we think about — and defend — our most fundamental rights.
295	6	Yet at the same time he seems to believe that complete isolation will make a large part of the most unreliable elements leave Russia: During the past two weeks, the protesting intelligentsia — executives, actors, artists, journalists — have hurriedly fled the country; some abandoned their possessions just to get out. I fear that from the point of view of Mr. Putin and Mr. Kovalchuk, this will only make Russia stronger.
729	2	Jane and Ifill discuss how the LDF has navigated the role of practicing law while advocating political movements in the country. Ifill also shares why she decided to step down from the LDF next April, and what she will be working on next.
378	4	I’m not arguing that inflation isn’t a problem, nor am I doing a Phil Gramm and calling America a “nation of whiners.” I am saying that the remarkably negative public reaction to what by historical standards would at worst be considered mixed news is an important story in itself and deserves both some coverage and, perhaps, self-reflection on the part of those reporting on the subject.
641	4	Underlining his role as David to Putin’s Goliath, Zelensky said, “Strong doesn’t mean big.” Strong means supporting human rights and freedom and demanding the right to die when “your time comes and not when it’s wanted by someone else, by your neighbor.”
753	8	But that’s not the world we live in. Republicans appear either unwilling or unable to treat the former president as a figure from the past whose behavior has done the party more harm than good. They take false comfort in the idea that midterm elections are “thermostatic,” the inevitable repudiation, climatic in nature, of the governing party. They assume they will win next year without doing anything of significance. And they may be right.
58	6	But Code for America “does want to put itself out of business,” Mr. Giannella said. The point is not to do it for government, but to push government to do things better. “Sometimes,” Tracey Patterson, the vice president of Code for America, told me, “the idea that everything needs to change in order for it to be better is the easiest way for nothing to get done.”
798	2	Southerly, the Southern Environmental Law Center and the Land Trust for Tennessee are just three of the many regional organizations that are working, through a variety of strategies, to secure a future for everyone that is safe from environmental hazards. More important, they are working to secure a future for the planet that is safe for all its inhabitants, human and nonhuman alike.
371	6	That does not suggest a favorable prognosis for the United States.
271	2	As Democrats prepare for Judge Jackson’s confirmation, perhaps it is worth exploring the motherhood card. After all, recasting the nominee as both a legal superstar and an accomplished supermom has worked well before.
974	6	I’m not someone who believes that the federal government’s intervention is the right solution to every societal problem. But I am overwhelmingly convinced — based on the economic, health and psychological evidence — that if we do not make paid leave available to caregivers at the federal level in the United States, it will not only continue to make us an embarrassment on the global stage but also, as Claire Cain Miller reported for The Times a few years ago, possibly influence Americans’ likelihood to have the number of children they say that they want. And that’s a preventable disappointment.
169	5	It’s clearly not in any child’s best interest to be surrounded by terrorist ideology or face a lifetime in prison, having committed no crime.
239	3	“In the U.S., we’re kind of in the fourth ring of B.S.,” Paul told me. Not to mention: Crafty memes are the least of our problems with Russia right now.
207	2	President Biden is coming to the city this week to meet with Mayor Adams about gun violence — a sign the White House wants to align with the mayor. It’s a good sign that Mr. Bragg and Mr. Gonzalez are scheduled to be part of the event as well, according to their offices, and Mr. Biden should showcase the record and the research that support their approach. Both point the way to making the city safer and more vital.
358	7	If we can’t do these things out of empathy, we can do them out of self-interest — out of an understanding that all our futures are connected, including with those we have harmed overseas. Ms. Khan wrote that a goal of her investigation was to make “the American public more informed about the consequences of our wars.” As Smedley Butler tried to warn us, one of the consequences is that those wars always come home.
874	1	As we crest a new holiday season, it is vital that we take a moment to look back and remember. Reflection is how we make space to heal and grow, to receive God’s work in and through the raw material of our lives. It’s the time needed for the quiet seeds hidden in the hard soil of the past two years to begin to sprout.
600	1	But that’s true as well of so much else we would want that student to encounter, from the “Iliad” and Aeschylus to Shakespeare and the 19th-century novel and beyond. Even if the End of the Movies cannot be commercially or technologically reversed, there is cultural life after this kind of death. It’s just up to us, now, to decide how abundant it will be.
509	4	Now Djokovic has appealed, and is being held in a hotel over the weekend in Australia. In this way he’s no different than the rest of us: stuck in place, awaiting his fate.
434	6	It isn’t just the administration that’s been enfeebled by a year of stumbles. It’s the Democratic Party at large. Biden can still rescue his presidency. But rising above the political fray so that a younger generation of Democrats can spark enthusiasm is part of the formula for his own renewal.
585	6	Having witnessed one thermonuclear explosion, I hope that no humans ever have to witness another.
34	3	But at present, they are just Band-Aids that can at most save a few small areas. To really protect these forests would require a much larger program of tree treatments and biological controls, probably combined with long-term restoration solutions such as the breeding of a regionally adapted ash tree with genetic resistance to the borer. Because many of these wetlands are on private land, experts must also help landowners adapt. Certainly, not every tree can be saved. But perhaps enough can be protected so that the wetlands remain forested and the ecosystem survives.
634	1	The trick is to spread it around. And spreading love around is something Dolly Parton knows more about than nearly anyone.
433	8	Putin would rather see our cow die than do what it takes to raise a healthy cow of his own. He’s always looking for dignity in all the wrong places. He’s rather pathetic — but also armed and dangerous.
311	6	“We live in a different world now,” said Ricarda Lang, a co-leader of the German Green Party, when I met her at a pro-Ukraine demonstration outside the Russian Embassy. “I, as a person who was born in 1994, I grew up in a peaceful Europe. For me, peace and democracy in many ways were something that was taken for granted.” Such assurance, she said, has now disappeared. Putin has murdered a whole constellation of post-Cold War assumptions. No one knows what new paradigms will replace them.
701	1	Her passing is a sorrowful occasion for multiple generations of women whose voices took shape through her work. For us, Ms. hooks was a lighthouse, and talking back was how we found our way.
475	6	As Winston Churchill has been credited with saying, “Never let a good crisis go to waste.” If courts simply return to their prepandemic practices, they will have done exactly that.
331	6	It won’t be easy. Hall, the economist at Bellarmine University, said: “You don’t have a clearly defined game, and you don’t have symmetric information. And the cost of getting it wrong can be incredibly high.”
473	5	At the time, Moyn was writing about warnings of fascism, but O’Toole applies a similar argument to warnings of civil war. “The comforting fiction that the U.S. used to be a glorious and settled democracy prevents any reckoning with the fact that its current crisis is not a terrible departure from the past but rather a product of the unresolved contradictions of its history,” he writes. “The dark fantasy of Armageddon distracts from the more prosaic and obvious necessity to uphold the law and establish political and legal accountability for those who encourage others to defy it. Scary stories about the future are redundant when the task of dealing with the present is so urgent.”
615	7	Reasonable Republicans who feel obliged to treat Donald Trump like the Second Coming. What can I tell you? We live in America, not Shangri-La.
7	5	But then, why would that matter? The Russia, Ukraine, Hungary and Belarus of conservative pundits’ imaginations are just that: imaginings. Avatars. Projections of themselves. The Russians and Ukrainians who are living — and dying — do not factor into the picture.
421	7	The world got lucky with Omicron. It’s unimaginable what would have happened if that highly contagious variant had caused disease as severe as Delta has. We may not be so lucky the next time. The world cannot afford to be so unprepared ever again.
266	5	The tendency to dismiss Texas politics has had a high cost. And with the future of Roe v. Wade on the line, the stakes of looking away are growing by the day.
56	5	Science “is simply the exploration of the unknown,” James Head, a planetary geologist at Brown who helped train the Apollo astronauts, told me, adding that “the moon is unknown. Mars is unknown.” Perhaps this is what NASA should say, and without apology: We don’t know what we’ll find. We don’t know what the moon and Mars can tell us about the origins of the universe and life on Earth and possibly beyond it. And that, above all, is the reason for going. Six days after his return to Earth, Glenn addressed a joint meeting of Congress. “What benefits are we gaining from the money spent?” he asked, acknowledging that it was too early to say. “But exploration and the pursuit of knowledge,” he said, “have always paid dividends in the long run — usually far greater than anything expected at the outset.” Why bother? This is why.
384	8	My friend Darrick Hamilton, an economist, has warned that we shouldn’t be too aggressive on replacing the danger of unjust financial systems with wildly risky alternative currencies. That sounds about right to me. It reminds me of another legitimate scheme in higher education, which I researched and wrote about for years: Telling people that their very expensive, low-quality degrees from these schools may not be a good solution for them rarely worked. That is the power of culture. And that’s the reasoning behind my first question to Anil: What social problem is blockchain trying to solve? I’ll ask this time and time again as we talk about the idea of institutional failures and the unsatisfying stop-gaps we create to navigate them.
183	3	In a recent piece in The New Yorker, Parul Sehgal writes about the trope of the trauma plot in literature and television — which, she argues, has the tendency to flatten characters into a set of symptoms. Is all this trauma talk — and #traumatok — doing the same, but in real life?
391	3	Mr. Khosla put that worry aside, and made a bet on Impossible, reckoning that even if Mr. Brown had only a one in a hundred chance, it was a shot worth taking. Eleven years later, while the meat-industrial complex may not have been toppled, Impossible is worth $7 billion. Which is better, Mr. Khosla observed: to try and fail, or to fail to try?
871	4	None need jail simply for trying to feel OK. To paraphrase the writer Johann Hari, the opposite of addiction isn’t abstinence. It’s love.
200	6	Gee, it sounds like he’s been dwelling on this day and night. Amazing he can find the time to run around the country claiming the election was stolen.
100	2	You could reach out to your state health department or local health department to see if there are programs that you could plug in to play a supportive role.
59	5	The weariness didn’t show. Now that he’s gone, the proverbial baton is passed to a new generation of conservative satirists, specifically Lindsey Graham, Ted Cruz, Josh Hawley and Marjorie Taylor Greene. And that isn’t funny.
494	7	The tough choice must be made.
894	6	As the executive director of the Innocence Project, I know that gutting Martinez will make it all but impossible for people like Mr. Jones to regain the freedom that they so profoundly deserve. As the Supreme Court recognized in Martinez, “the right to counsel is the foundation for our adversary system.” Defense counsel is supposed to test the prosecution’s case rigorously to ensure the accurate adjudication of guilt and to safeguard the right to a fair trial. Arizona’s position would gravely erode the foundation of that system, further harming those who have already suffered the devastating and unjust consequences of incompetent lawyering.
146	4	Therefore, I process emphatic quotation marks as an innovation rather than a bastardization. If Gilded Age folk accepted “‘PATTERN MAKERS.’” then “‘Fresh Fish’” should pass muster with us moderns.
685	1	The first stuffed animal my older daughter took everywhere with her was a Jellycat brand owl, which used to be the softest thing any of us ever touched but is now matted and stiff from nearly a decade of snugs. This charming article explains the appeal of Jellycat toys, not just for the pipsqueak set, but for their parents, too. Ciccone thinks the company is deliberately appealing to the aesthetic of millennials like me: “It’s hard to imagine my 2-year-old gravitating toward a pair of olives on a wee branch, each with its own pair of tiny legs and satisfied grin; an espresso cup full of a bold brew sitting on sturdy little corduroy legs; or a smiling piece of sushi.”
396	7	And so while Pakistan’s army appears to be trying to distance itself, it might already be too late.
893	8	What Justice Barrett and others are suggesting women do in lieu of abortion is not a small thing. It is life changing, irrevocable, and not to be taken lightly. It often causes trauma, even when things work out, and it’s a disservice to adoptees and their families, biological and adopted, to pretend otherwise in service of a neat political narrative.
316	4	A trans-Atlantic pact between North America and Europe is essential if Europe is to free itself in the short term from its dependence on Russian energy. Such a pact could also build an important foundation for cooperation in clean energy innovation and deployment and reducing energy demand in the longer term — which would significantly enhance Europe’s energy security.
176	3	This is all quite a ways away from Whoopi Goldberg, but that is what this newsletter is for: to go on tangents and make a few points that don’t necessarily fit in the column. And, I should say, I’m not done thinking about the history of race and its relationship to capitalism. Consider this, then, a bit of brainstorming for something to come. Eventually.
180	5	Well, that’s a bad take, confusing wealth and income inequality. And if you care about the incomes of working-class Americans, you should want the Fed to be cautious about rate hikes, lest they hurt the job market. Full employment, it turns out, is a very good thing for less-well-paid workers, and we don’t want to endanger that good thing merely because we’d like to reduce the paper wealth of billionaires.
834	1	It’s alchemy — trepidation into determination — or at least intends to be. And the opportunity to tell my story is a privilege, as is the invitation to perform it, no matter how Sisyphean. I shush my stomach. I clear my throat. I raise my voice. I even make peace with it.
766	8	So, my answer to the reader’s questions: Quinones’s concerns over mental health and meth should not be ignored: If you spend a lot of time in or even near a homeless encampment, you’ll find people who seem to be experiencing the psychosis Quinones describes, but you’ll also see families who have been priced out of their apartments or who have had their lives derailed by the pandemic. This doesn’t mean that we should create a hierarchy of the homeless, wherein the unlucky receive help and addicts are put in jail or moved out of town, but it also means that we can’t explain, or for that matter begin to solve, the homelessness crisis if we accept that one superdrug explains it all.
19	4	These two delusions — that we have countless time ahead of us and that we can’t change our course — are a recipe for complacency. Shedding them can wake us up and inspire us to live more wisely. The past couple of years has left us with a joy deficit. When we picture a post-Covid world, we imagine having our old lives back. But we can actually go a step further and make up for the missed experiences, flipping the deficit into a surplus. If Covid has given us anything, it’s a rare chance for a reset. Let’s take it.
806	1	Embracing these measures while monitoring the unknowns will help strike a balance between reducing risk while still enjoying our lives. That’s what scientists, like everyone else, are hoping for.
68	3	That’s how Bill Clinton pivoted after he took office in 1993: He unexpectedly raised taxes in his budget to address the pressing matter of the federal budget deficit. That decision served the country well — and ultimately also served him well.
795	7	If this gradual cooling of the economy is to work, it must start now. And both the Fed and the White House must communicate their intentions carefully.
453	2	I hope this gives you a bit of solace over this long weekend.
231	4	Mr. Lugovoi still sits in the Duma. Mr. Nemtsov would probably not be surprised to learn that Mr. Putin is now waging war on the entirety of Ukraine.
616	6	As António Guterres, the United Nations secretary general, said this week, “The prospect of nuclear conflict, once unthinkable, is now back within the realm of possibility.”
53	6	For the time being, nothing is happening. As Walczak of the Tax Foundation wrote to me in an email: “Taxpayers shouldn’t be tasked with deciding when to ignore what is technically a tax filing obligation and when to comply with it. Tax laws should be enforceable and broadly enforced. If they can’t be reasonably enforced or it would be undesirable to do so, then it’s worth revisiting that law.”
246	3	Things will likely get even more brutal for the Ukrainians. But the moral flame they fueled this week may, in the end, still burn strong.
913	6	Decisions made today will determine whether the fruits of scientific progress will be equitably shared for generations to come. For Covid-19 and future pandemics, we have the benefit of hindsight and there’s little excuse for falling short.
709	3	Perhaps it’s worth gently repeating that standard parental prompt we all heard as children — you can probably still hear it, in your own mother’s voice — when we got something we didn’t want or didn’t know we needed: What do you say?
814	7	During the 2020 presidential campaign, Mr. Biden promised to have a science-based pandemic response. But his travel ban on southern African countries is not justifiable by science. Moreover, it makes Americans and others less safe by disincentivizing rapid reporting of new variants. It is time, then, for the United States to revoke the ban.
23	4	There is a lesson here for the professions upon whose trustworthy refereeing our society depends for its stability: judges, government bureaucrats, journalists and more. These occupations should work to recapture lost neutrality. As our political conflicts deepen, we need our traditionally fair and impartial referees far more, not less, than before.
336	7	Such precedents should make us wary. Vaccines, the new antiviral drug Paxlovid and others could end the pandemic, once billions of doses become widely available globally and if the virus does not develop resistance. But the end is not going to arrive anytime soon. The immediate future still depends on the virus and how we wield our current arsenal, including vaccines, masks, ventilation, the antiviral drug remdesivir and steroids and the one monoclonal treatment that still works against Omicron, social distancing and avoiding crowds. As a society, we have largely abandoned those public health measures. As individuals, we can still act.
570	8	Yes, these are all public figures. An imperviousness to criticism and ridicule is a necessity for celebrities or anyone in the public eye. But no matter how thick your skin is or with how much wealth, fame and power you are cosseted, being the butt of a joke isn’t fun. Sometimes, it is intolerable. When you are constantly a target — of jokes, insults, incivility and worse — as most Black women are, the skin we’ve spent a lifetime thickening can come apart. We’re only human, and so, too, are the people who love us.
811	1	Unless, of course, it’s sports.
481	6	“To know love,” Ms. hooks writes, “men must be able to let go the will to dominate.”
113	3	The strategy won’t fully pay off overnight. But Mr. Putin has created an imperative for Mr. Biden to lead all nations in efforts to avert a war.
168	2	“Have a nice day, ma’am,” he said and opened the gate. “Welcome home.”
762	2	We all want freedom. The question is what we each want to do, for ourselves or to others, with it.
362	2	This makes it even more important for President Biden to select a justice not only of Justice Breyer’s caliber, but also of Justice Breyer’s personal qualities. He should choose someone — Mr. Biden says his nominee will be a Black woman — who will bring passion and a certain dispassion to the work, who is willing and able to transcend her predilections. She need not absolve her colleagues of their biases, but must work hard, as Justice Breyer has done, to free herself from her own. Electoral politics has become a race to the bottom. Let the Supreme Court — if, for now, only a few of its members — seek the high ground.
697	7	And yet, while I admire the later Didion who mostly dropped the affectations of her earlier work without compromising the steely, crafted prose or the allure of Joan Didion, its central character, I do not find myself revisiting it in the same way I compulsively reread “John Wayne: A Love Song” or “The White Album.” There is also a capaciousness in all those declarations of not-knowing. We imagine we may be able to fill in the blanks just as she would eventually do herself.
730	8	At least in “The Matrix,” humans have machines to blame. We have only ourselves, and the internet we have made.
543	1	So, my New Year’s wish is that item one on the agenda for the next meetings of both the Business Roundtable and the Business Council will be: Which side are we on?
25	2	Our country can be united by seeing this suffering. We are all my patient and we are all his wife. Our collective grief, varied as our reactions to it may be, can bind us together when it seems like nothing else will. It is one lens through which we can recognize our shared humanity. None of this prevents life from moving forward, but it’s our best shot at bringing everybody along.
289	4	We seem destined to keep struggling with acceptance of ambivalence on a very basic level, illustrated by the fact that in 2022, there is someone on Reddit still asking, “Is putting your child in day care full time really as bad as everyone says it is?” That we’re still trying to convince people that not spending every minute of the day with your child isn’t destructive means we have a very, very long way to go.
197	3	As he begins his term, I hope New Yorkers will remember the words of President Lyndon Johnson: “When the burdens of the presidency seem unusually heavy, I always remind myself it could be worse. I could be a mayor.”
11	3	In 1993 the great German poet and essayist Hans Magnus Enzensberger predicted that the Cold War would be followed by an age of chaos, violence and conflict. Reflecting on what he observed in Yugoslavia and the urban riots in the United States, he saw a world defined by an “inability to distinguish between destruction and self-destruction.” In this world, “there is no longer any need to legitimize your actions. Violence has freed itself from ideology.”Mr. Enzensberger was right. He was just too early.
988	2	Biden is down now. If the usual pattern is any indication, he’ll recover. And in the same way that the decline was largely out of his hands, we’ll have to remember that the upswing was as well.
628	3	For now, most of us can enjoy the warm spring sun on our unmasked faces. But we can also do a lot more to control Covid. If we learn quickly and act quickly, we can outmaneuver the virus. As Covid continues to adapt, our response needs to adapt along with it. We could be entering the endgame for Covid. How we play it will determine what happens next.
233	5	The strong commitment of Asian Americans to education has been a source of allegiance to a Democratic Party that has become the preferred home for voters with college and advanced degrees. The progressive wing of the Democratic Party is, at the same time, testing the strength of that allegiance by supporting education policies that reduce opportunities for Asian Americans at elite schools while increasing opportunity for two larger Democratic constituencies, made up of Black and Hispanic voters. This is the kind of problem inherent in a diverse coalition comprising a segmented electorate with competing agendas. For the foreseeable future, the ability of the party to manage these conflicts will be a key factor in its success or failure.
734	5	The rest of the world has long recognized the soundness of the credit of the United States. As we continue to grapple with the lasting effects and uncertainty that Covid-19 has unleashed on global markets, we cannot leave something as important as our national credit up to chance.
655	1	“Acknowledging uncertainty” — what long Covid patients have called for — is a fitting refrain for our times. As much as they wanted answers, the Lyme patients I interviewed also wanted physicians who could admit what they didn’t know. Starting with what we don’t know — and leading with humility and empathy — seems like a good place to begin.
242	5	A mass antiwar movement is still a way off. But these are, amid the gloom, promising signs. As the country continues to bomb and terrify Ukraine, more and more Russians may wake up to something only a few dare to say publicly: That Mr. Putin is an existential danger not only to themselves but also to the world. And he must be stopped.
276	6	A good media diet is about more than diversity of sources. It is also about information with different purposes. Investigative journalism takes time and resources. Social media shrinks time and resources but can respond quickly. Newsletters give context and help us make meaning of information events. We cannot parse everything. The answer to the problems created by scale is to acknowledge that we are not infinitely deep containers that can take on as much water as information demands. We must witness, but we must remember that we have limits.
77	6	As long as these voters remain on a downward trajectory, they will continue to be a disruptive force not only in the political arena but also in society at large.
916	2	But every year the product side of cars offers less to love. The industry’s biggest innovations are now driven by Silicon Valley — by advances in batteries, cameras, networks and artificial intelligence. Cars are growing brains, and I’m glad for it. I just wish they weren’t also losing heart, soul and personality.
698	1	That is not where we are yet. But we will get there.
444	5	Mr. Newsom recently acknowledged that “we still have some work to do” on the plan. He and his commission must stand up to the monopolistic utilities and protect California’s solar power programs, for the state’s future and the planet’s.
594	7	It is worth underscoring that much of what the Biden administration is requesting should not require emergency funding. The United States ought to maintain funding for public health, including the resources to monitor infectious diseases and to develop new vaccines and treatments, in the same way that it maintains funding for other forms of national defense. The gaping holes in the nation’s public health infrastructure, which the pandemic exposed, were created by exactly the kind of shortsightedness now on display.
67	4	And here’s Maureen Dowd, wittily connecting President Richard Nixon’s nickname for some of his key aides with reports that President Donald Trump may have stuffed important papers into the toilet: “Nixon had the plumbers. Trump’s the one who needed them.” (Karen Shectman, Pittsboro, N.C., and Stan Seltzer, Trumansburg, N.Y., among others)
89	6	We should have a system that arrests, convicts and incarcerates individuals without regard to the color of their skin. Releasing inmates — or not arresting, convicting and incarcerating criminals — in an effort to redress racial imbalances only hurts Black New Yorkers. Correcting racial inequity starts there.
393	2	As James Baldwin once put it, “You think your pain and your heartbreak are unprecedented in the history of the world, but then you read.” Maybe some people who feel privately broken as I did will read this, and they will realize that they are not alone and that it is not too late to change.
154	4	I know that Democratic politicians are very reluctant to criticize any bloc of voters (Republicans don’t seem to have that problem). And it does make sense to loosen restrictions as Omicron fades. But I can’t see any reason not to go after politicians who encourage irresponsible behavior. Early indications are that Glenn Youngkin, Virginia’s new governor, is already paying a price for his Covid policies relaxing past restrictions. Let’s hope we see more of that.
673	7	Well, as it turns out, we do still have everything, so join me and look up in 2022 and beyond. And not at dumb spaceship stunt rides by billionaires but at the things we really need to focus on — like the humanity in the rest of us.
417	4	“As a columnist, I’m supposed to have some answers,” Brooks writes. “But I just don’t right now. I just know the situation is dire.”
299	5	In the next edition of the newsletter, I will be writing about the Oakland Unified School District and how the proposed closing of some of the city’s schools, most of which were in Black and Latino communities, led to a prolonged hunger strike. And you will hear from progressive advocates and teachers who believe that the language of desegregation no longer applies to today’s education landscape.
726	1	At the Jail Guitar Doors sessions there are no inmates, only artists. A place for their stories to be heard, a place to be treated with dignity and respect. A jailbreak.
199	4	Europeans are right to believe that Russia’s invasion of Ukraine is not inevitable — and may even be correct that it’s not the most likely scenario. But we cannot deceive ourselves that we can skip the resilience test. “If you invite a bear to dance, it’s not you who decides when the dance is over,” the Russian proverb goes. “It’s the bear.”
510	6	Hazard pay would publicly acknowledge health care workers’ sacrifices and provide a tangible token of thanks beyond the clapping of hands or the public banging of pots and pans. This is about showing support, just as we do for our troops during war.
39	7	The show must go on, of course. The crisis continues. But the president’s performance — strained, awkward, often inappropriate — is hardly helping.
206	4	Which is a serious problem, to put it mildly, for a movement that aspires to fight and win a struggle on behalf of democratic values. So just as a conservative alternative to Trump would need to somehow out-populist him, to overcome the dark side of right-wing populism, American liberalism would need to first democratize itself.
530	3	As curators, as historians, as citizens, we are frequently reminded that the past is a foreign country. But so is the future.
943	7	And now, in the aftermath of a nightmarish disruption to working life, pro-worker policies also seem to be helping European economies achieve faster employment recovery than we’re managing here. Are we sure we have nothing to learn from their experience?
446	8	On Martin Luther King’s Birthday, and every day, we need to topple Confederate statues from their pedestals, but we need to do much, much more than that, too. The work of justice is far from done. But to go forward, we must find a truthful way to look back.
482	7	Well, if voting protections fail, many in the Black community will feel like they have been stabbed in the back.
525	4	Perhaps, in our pandemic weariness, people no longer want a federal government capable of providing even a modest degree of public health protection. Indeed, many Americans understandably want to wish the pandemic away. Perhaps they are also done with regulations that curb pollution, ensure drugs are safe and effective, and lower the risk of infections in places like nursing homes. But maybe not. In either case, the desire by some justices for a smaller federal government that is less able to protect public health should not influence their ruling.
768	1	And you? Where in popular music, especially current and recent popular music, have you struck lyrics gold? Tell me by emailing me here. Maybe I’ll spotlight and celebrate some of these examples in newsletters to come.
635	4	Schools may not be able to solve inequality. But they can give young people a common set of social and civic values, as well as the kind of education that is valuable in its own right and not merely as a means to an end. We don’t fund education with our tax dollars to wash our hands of whatever we might owe to the next generation. Instead, we do it to strengthen our communities — by preparing students for the wide range of roles they will inevitably play as equal members of a democratic society.
267	5	“Forgiveness flounders,” the theologian Miroslav Volf wrote, “because I exclude the enemy from the community of humans even as I exclude myself from the community of sinners.” But if I am a sinner, then my enemy and I have something in common: We are both wayward and in deep need of grace.
370	3	But the fact remains that if you had bet on decadence over dynamism at the start of the Biden presidency, you’d be doing a lot better than my Bitcoin investment is right now.
915	1	We’ve also come around to the other’s point of view to some extent: I’ve discovered ways to enjoy gift-giving, especially for new babies — and for my own children. Making my tiny tough customers happy by showing them how much I am listening to their interests is a particular delight. My husband can laugh at his past gifts gone awry, and he concedes that a lot of holiday gift-giving can feel phoned-in. And we decided together that we’re not getting each other anything this year. An empty stocking is better than a pair of unfortunate jeggings any day.
678	7	The Biden administration should turn the tables. Without bold approaches, it may very well forfeit an opportunity to save abortion rights and access now and into the future.
837	8	An independent social movement is what Mr. Biden does not have. Until he or a successor does, we may be waiting on a reconstruction that is ready to be made but insufficiently desired.
967	2	Wednesday’s verdict goes a bit of the way in setting that right.
559	3	Democracy’s vitality is not handed down from on high. It comes from actually ruling and being ruled in turn and learning to live with both. It comes from the constant search for new majorities, new coalitions, new ways to avoid disaster and even make life better. That is how we learn to believe, with Walt Whitman, that “every atom belonging to me as good belongs to you.” The way to save democracy is to make it more real.
842	9	No offense, Donald.
568	2	To get a sense of the man, I can’t help recommending the 1970s biopic “Scott Joplin,” starring Billy Dee Williams. The dashing Williams was delightfully miscast as the rather reserved and socially unmemorable Joplin, but he did his job, and his charm at least helps dispel any notion that Joplin’s life was a galumphing misfire. The movie has a fantastic cutting contest scene, in which the veteran pianist and composer Eubie Blake cameos. And, of course, the music is ambrosia.
293	5	Just remember, things can always be worse on the governor front. We could have that guy from Florida who scolds kids who wear masks.
878	3	Early on, this White House’s spending agenda evoked comparisons to New Deal liberalism. Now its public health agenda needs a little more of F.D.R.’s “bold, persistent experimentation.” Otherwise, both for Democrats’ political fortunes and for the lives of thousands more Americans, the post-Covid era may arrive too late.
109	4	I think it’s a mistake to look through a lens of deservedness. If we do, the implication is that there can only be so many second chances given out before the supply runs out. But the gift of a second chance isn’t, or shouldn’t, be limited. I think more people should get them. Mixon aside, our culture has become pretty unforgiving. But I think that people are more than the worst thing they’ve ever done.
148	3	When people start to think that inflation is a measure of collateral damage in the battle between big business and aggressive labor — when they blame, in effect, the wage-price spiral — they feed into the rhetoric of both the extreme left and the extreme right. America doesn’t need another angry political narrative that may further erode our trust in one another, trust that we need for economic growth.
99	3	We are still finding the answers to those questions, but the America we knew ended in 2019. This is a new one, scarred, struggling to its feet, dogged by moral and philosophical questions that on one hand have revealed its cruelty and on the other have forced it into metamorphosis.
381	5	On the other hand, it could be a warning to all parties. Perhaps sympathy with populist discontent was actually tamped down by the public’s repugnance for Mr. Trump as a person. We may yet underestimate the discontent itself.
345	2	I was reassured, however, when a first-year college student approached me at an event to tell me she had read my novel in high school. “Honestly,” she said, “all I remember is when the sympathizer has sex with a squid.” Mission accomplished.
134	3	We hope that each video, in a different way, challenges you to weigh your dietary choices, with ethics, politics and the environment in mind.
544	5	It could all still turn out all right. Inflation could moderate on its own; gentle interventions could do. But to read the profile of Hoenig is to feel the tingle of the hard, bitter, likely truth.
244	4	These questions must be asked and discussed as the world sinks itself into conflicts that may arise from climate change, the extended wreckage of the pandemic and a new Cold War between China and the United States. The emotional power of social media videos and the fact that many people actually assign more credibility to them because they’re so raw and seemingly unfiltered give them the potential to shape reality and unreality in ways that we cannot resist or control.
135	3	The teachers in “Abbott Elementary,” particularly the young, Black, idealistic ones, show us what is at stake as we tighten the vise on educators. They remind us that these are not just pawns in a political game but real people, often the best kind of people, doing the best they can with too little and not being applauded nearly enough.
590	6	Thomas should never have been on the court. Now that we know his wife was plotting the overthrow of the government, he should get off or be thrown off. You can’t administer justice when your spouse is running around strategizing for a coup.
158	4	But I do think there’s something troubling about how I can no longer really tell the difference between buying cryptocurrencies or betting on sports or trading stocks. The narratives have all converged into one mega-gamble with payouts that could change your life, whether through parlay or investing in NFTs or GameStop stock. This doesn’t tell us much about the companies behind these products — they are just doing whatever it takes to maximize their user bases and profits — but I wonder if it reflects a desperation in today’s youth that has only been exacerbated by the uncertainty and fear of the past two years.
459	5	Someday, Alabama won’t be Alabama anymore. Let’s appreciate this thing of beauty — or, more accurately, this unstoppable hell beast from the great beyond — while we can.
368	3	The authors say their paper explains bouts of turbulence in the money markets in 2019 and 2020. They conclude that “central bank balance sheet expansion need not eliminate episodes of stress; it may even exacerbate them. This may also attenuate any positive effects of central bank balance sheet expansion on economic activity.”
838	5	Fortunately, we have a lot more tools available than we did in the dreadful first year of the pandemic, and a lot more understanding. It would be a shame if we went through yet another winter, with more suffering, as if we hadn’t learned any lessons.
884	3	A meaningful approach to getting past race — and that should be the goal — must acknowledge progress, which is evident in a variety of ways. We should also acknowledge the past, as long as we do so with a view toward improving the present. It’s OK to look back, as long as you don’t stare.
366	5	Now it’s time to let someone else try.
405	4	For now, the moral is that Covid-19 means that we can’t assess where we are simply by comparing our situation to the prepandemic trend. That trend, at least, no longer appears to be our friend.
946	1	As for Rascal, whose relationship with gravity is entirely provisional, perhaps he will slow down a bit as he ages, or perhaps he will continue to leap from chair backs to high beds to ironing boards. Still, and always, 100 percent Rascal.
425	6	Switch a few names and dates, and this story could read like today’s news. The great tragedy is that, in spirit, it is today’s news.
927	3	At the Jail Guitar Doors sessions there are no inmates, only artists. A place for their stories to be heard, a place to be treated with dignity and respect. A jailbreak.
911	1	Garcia-Navarro: And that!
865	5	Democracy isn’t a perfect fit. But for now, it will do.
941	3	When I argued Webster and made the case that overturning Roe would not undermine the broader foundation of privacy, I learned a lesson in the use of metaphor. Seeking to invoke my mentor John Harlan, I said I was not urging the unraveling of the whole fabric of substantive due process and unenumerated rights, but only to pull this one thread. To which my opponent replied that in his experience every time he pulled a thread on his sweater, the sleeve fell off.
50	7	Greenberg said he’s tired of trying to warn Democrats that they’re driving people away. Fretting about the threat of Trumpism, given that the Democrats are bleeding working-class voters, including Black and Hispanic ones, he told me, “If they don’t listen this time, we’re going to end up with fascism, dammit.”
343	6	The assault on the value of Jewish survivor testimony and the legal attack on our knowledge of the past are signs that the memory of the Holocaust is under threat not only by the deaths of survivors, but also by the willful choices of the present generation. The more time distances us from the event, the more heated the exchanges become, and the more forceful the attacks on the memory of the Shoah.
186	4	But progressives will need allies if they’re to have any hope of mounting a political response to this new mania for academic repression. That requires some intellectual consistency. You can’t appeal to a transcendent ideal in one part of the country while traducing it in another. At least, you can’t do it and expect to convince anyone who doesn’t already agree with you.
815	1	I was on the “You’re Wrong About” podcast giving listeners a brief overview of Reconstruction. And on the latest episode of my podcast, the journalist John Ganz and I discuss the 1987 thriller “No Way Out.”
784	9	“The simple truth is if students didn’t have easy access to guns, there would be few, if any, school shootings in America,” Shannon Watts, the founder of Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America, writes. “These laws should be nonpartisan, noncontroversial and nonpolitical, and states should implement them immediately so that reckless gun owners can be held accountable for their negligence.”
529	2	The long-term implications of Omicron remain unknown, but in the near term, everyone should expect an intense month of disruption. Still, the familiar advice remains the best: get vaccinated, get booster shots and prepare for a bumpy January.
184	3	But how far does this go? As the cars get better at driving themselves, as the screens get bigger and the speakers louder and the seats more comfortable, what role will cars come to play in our lives? They might become our new living rooms. They could also become our very luxurious prisons.
642	4	All of this at least raises the question of whether some of the people driving the outrage, even animus, against schools might not have much skin in the game and might not have any recent experience with teachers or curriculum. As we head into the midterms, at the very least we should resist easy conclusions about who is angry about what’s happening in our public schools and whether it has anything to do with the reality of what’s going on day to day for millions of children and their families.
478	3	In pursuing them, she’s just stretching her legs. By leaving Manhattan, I was doing something similar. There’s comfort and safety in staying put, but it can also leave you cramped, cinched. If you’re fortunate enough to be able to stray, why not head into the woods?
338	7	That Nashville is losing such a faithful public servant to a gerrymandered map is a travesty of justice. I may have disagreed with more than a few of my congressman’s votes, I may have wished that he had been more often a full-throated advocate, but I always trusted him. I understood that his job was to represent all of Nashville and not just people like me. Jim Cooper is a deeply intelligent, caring, even-minded public servant, and no one in the Tennessee Republican Party is fit to lick his boots.
254	4	At the moment, in other words, it looks as if Putin made a double miscalculation. His planned short victorious war is turning into a bloody slog that has outraged the world, and his vaunted economic Fortress Russia appears to be headed for a Depression-level slump.
817	1	We will focus on the joy of the holidays for the next couple of weeks. I have a special issue of the newsletter on giving for Christmas and New Year’s meditations for the end of the year. But as 2022 dawns, we will start exploring the nooks and crannies of scam culture. As we ease into the season of slowing down, I hope all of you have a chance to do just that. For my part, I set my out-of-office messages two weeks earlier than I did in years past. Nothing about right now is normal, and it is OK that we admit it. I hope you experience rest and recharging, which are not necessarily the same thing. Rest is what brings you peace, and recharging is whatever builds your resilience. I suspect we will need both peace and resilience in the new year.
285	5	Putin’s Russia is not too big to fail. It is, however, too big to fail in a way that won’t shake the whole rest of the world.
677	3	There are a number of New Year’s resolutions on the horizon. I am sure we will fail at most of them. But I hope that we do not fail to take up the responsibilities handed to us by our ancestors. We must in 2022 take up the watch so that the coming generation might inherit a more free and just society.
777	4	This level of anxiety is in and of itself dangerous, all the more so when it masks the true aim of America’s contemporary right-wing movement, the restoration and preservation of white hegemony. It is not beyond imagining that Republicans could be prepared, fueled by a mix of fear and provocation, to push the nation over the brink.
829	3	So it’s important to keep perspective. This is actually a very good economy, albeit with some problems. Don’t let the doomsayers tell you otherwise.
550	2	But one thing is clear: 2021 was a banner year for economic recovery. And people should know that.
875	7	I wonder whether every Black man who dies in the public eye will make me think of my father. Probably. My hope is that those thoughts will not linger in silence, but will instead be as loud, as bright and as burning as all the names of all the Black men gone too soon — including my father, Charles Lorenzo Daniels Jr.
824	2	If all goes well, the innovative flux will leave us with means of payment that are better fit for modern purpose. But the transition will be turbulent. I, for one, will miss those shiny pennies.
982	9	And who has been helped the most by all this, politically speaking? Donald Trump and his mini-mes. The country won’t be safe from them until a more serious Democratic Party can set itself free from ideas that embarrass it and endanger us all.
179	5	Right now there seems little will to regulate gambling among either Democrats or Republicans. As a November article in The Atlantic put it: “The left wants the government out of people’s private lives. The right wants the government out of their financial lives.” We may decide some day that we made a big mistake.
749	3	And so this Christmas, in our parish and every church around the world, we begin again. Whatever world-changing power we might seek, whatever influence we might hope to wield, starts with the ancient prayer: Lord, I believe; help my unbelief.
226	4	If only. Too often, in reality, we stand by and say nothing as we watch expulsions that we know to be unfair, out of fear that we’ll be next. I am unaware of any precedent that encourages us to think of this as moving society in the right direction.
928	3	Sadly, 2021 was another staggering year in the U.S. for mass shootings. While the nearly 50 percent jump in mass shootings in 2020 was appalling, this year will notch a further increase. And the rise in gun violence in America has gone well beyond mass shootings (defined as four people shot or killed, not including the shooter). Homicides, which rose by about 30 percent in 2020, recorded another rise in 2021. And at least 12 major American cities set homicide records.
0	4	This virus is not going away anytime soon, as so many experts have warned. But New York is no longer in the acute phase of this crisis. We have vaccines, the promise of new medications, hard-won expertise in treating Covid-19 and a strong baseline of immunity in the population. There will never be a perfect moment to step into the next chapter of this pandemic. But at some point, we have to try moving forward. There are smart ways to do that right now, and the mayor is wise to embrace them.
633	2	Exactly.
357	2	Now sometimes I come back from running in the dreariness of the pandemic and feel great, like the grown-up Peter Pan in “Hook,” out there relearning how to fly. The miles disappear when they’re done. And the only one who knows they happened is me.
257	5	Ronald Reagan helped lift the Iron Curtain. Zelensky is trying his best to stop it from slamming down again.
223	8	Is that too much to ask? Or have we become that selfish as a nation that we do not want to protect infants and toddlers from a deadly disease?
493	5	So, no, ordinary Americans aren’t being impoverished by a government that is abusing the power of the printing press. The inflation of 2021 was painful, although we can argue that accepting it was better than the alternatives. In any case, careful analysis says that asserting that none of this would have happened if we had been using Bitcoin is as silly as it sounds.
537	6	The United States retains a huge amount of economic and military power, but that power is not usable in the absence of domestic political consensus over the country’s international role. If Americans cease to believe in an open, tolerant and liberal society, our capacity to innovate and lead as the world’s foremost economic power will also diminish. Jan. 6 sealed and deepened the country’s divisions, and for that reason it will have consequences echoing across the globe in the years to come.
410	9	The passivity and silence of the medical establishment, of medical school deans and hospital officials, and of too many (privately) pro-choice physicians, is not the only reason such intimidation fails to elicit outrage, or even to be noticed, when it happens outside an abortion clinic. But it is definitely part of the reason. Thanks to their acquiescence, terrorism, intimidation and violence have won.
695	10	Gompers argued in 1898 that a living wage should be “sufficient to maintain an average-sized family in a manner consistent with whatever the contemporary local civilization recognizes as indispensable to physical and mental health or as required by the rational self-respect of human beings.” For anyone less than pleased with the direction that America’s “contemporary local civilization” is trending, it’s worth asking whether all of our fellow citizens have access to jobs that pay what “the rational self-respect of human beings” requires.
69	5	The lesson of the AIDS pandemic is that it’s easy to leave people behind, even if it is at the cost of our collective peril. Coronavirus variants can develop in people with weakened immune systems who struggle to clear infections on their own, like those with untreated H.I.V. Think of the home we’ve then made for viruses like SARS-CoV-2 by impeding access to vaccines and by allowing millions to go without AIDS treatment even now. Variants can emerge because of our desire to put it all behind us. No one is truly safe until we all are. Yet might we act to save millions of people not just in the interest of self-preservation but also simply because it’s the right thing to do? That would be a signal that this pandemic has changed us. For good.
972	6	I think about his mother. I think about his father. I think about so many Black mothers and so many Black fathers who still grieve and who still hold on to the memories of their children, their smell, the way they smiled and laughed. I think about all we have lost. I am tired. I know that we must remain, even as so many are gone. We are exhausted, but we catch our breath again.
906	5	The city of Chicago is not the kingdom of God, but God and the world are watching. The city has an opportunity that it has waited too long to act on. The path to change should not have required releasing a video that brought with it a fresh wave of grief. But the city can still clothe Ms. Young. It can, after over two and a half years of struggle, restore her dignity.
6	1	It was the closest thing I have ever known to the sort of moment William James described in “The Varieties of Religious Experience” — a work that is heavily highlighted and marked with stars in my old textbook. And maybe that memory is enough for me now, too. I can continue to ponder, to be puzzled. I will almost certainly continue to feel just a little bit lost. I’ll look for a new church someday, a new place to put all this sorrow and a new community with whom to share it, but I’m not obliged to find that place just now. Ash Wednesday tells me only to keep trying: to believe, to be better, not to give up hope. And that’s faith enough for any season.
660	3	Human suffering is human suffering. It has been a constant in the story of mankind. Sometimes it overlaps with our national interests, and sometimes it does not. But our sense of morality must remain constant, and in it we must find a place for equity.
666	6	Too often, we forge this equity by tokenizing people of color, declaring that we have achieved the proper representation after pretending that race or ethnicity entails alternate conceptions of excellence from those we unquestioningly expect of everyone else. And I think much of the motivation for that pretense is to allow white teachers and administrators to inoculate themselves against the accusation that they’re denying the existence and impact of racism. Maybe that helps them, but that’s another kind of low expectation.
55	7	We discuss (and debate) the public choice theory of government failure, why it’s so damn hard to build things in America, how reforms intended to weaken special interests often empower them, why the American right is responsible for much of the government dysfunction it criticizes, the case for state capacity libertarianism, the appropriate size of the welfare state, the political importance of massive economic inequality and how the crypto world’s pursuit of decentralization could backfire.
700	9	Even now, I catch myself believing that the world belongs to the victors and the powerful. The church, like nearly everyone else, tends to want to be more like the comfortable, the successful, and the powerful — more like Augustus Caesar — than the one who became weak, helpless and despised. We often look for God more in the abundance of gifts under the tree or the happiness of our days than in the helplessness of a baby, the worry lines of the poor, or the lonely agony of a dying man on a cross. But again this year, this story asks to shock us anew and to yet again turn the world upside down.
380	5	China’s elaborate containment efforts planned for the Olympics may prevent a Covid outbreak — and we certainly hope that is the case. But a zero-Covid policy is a losing long-term strategy.
350	2	The moment Justice Breyer’s replacement is announced, she will instantly become a historic figure. Every woman known to be a contender has a rich story to tell and will set a powerful example for generations of Americans to come. Let’s hurry up and introduce her, and get her ready to join the court.
631	1	For now, I’d just urge Americans to look at their economy in the European mirror. Recovering from the pandemic was always going to be tough, and Vladimir Putin has made it tougher. But under the circumstances, we’re actually doing relatively OK.
62	5	So Biden should indeed talk about his successes. He shouldn’t ignore the negatives — although denial of awkward reality has historically worked well for Republicans. But he should tout the good things that have happened on his watch. After all, if he won’t, who will? A good economy won’t sell itself.
215	7	For now, pull up a chair at the lobbyists’ lunch table. Juicy, expensive steak is on the menu. If you’re a taxpayer in the United States, try your best to enjoy it. After all, considering agriculture’s enormous public subsidies and the harm the industry is doing to your land, air and water, it’s you who will ultimately be picking up the tab.
534	8	Our great nation now teeters on the brink of a widening abyss. Without immediate action, we are at genuine risk of civil conflict and losing our precious democracy. Americans must set aside differences and work together before it is too late.
182	4	Christianity is a potential answer for that search, and therein lies its hope, and the great possibility of renewing its call.
487	2	“I had the best of both worlds,” Cowen writes, “namely to grow up in the ‘tougher’ society, but live most of my life in the more feminized society.”
653	4	Frankly, given the precarious state of our world, otherworldly contact could not come soon enough.
742	2	A final note before we say goodbye to this lousy year. Don’t miss my favorite piece in The Times this month, which is Laurie Gwen Shapiro’s fabulous portrait of Si Spiegel, a World War II hero and Christmas tree entrepreneur who’s going strong at 97. A good reminder that mettle and moxie go a long way in a person’s life — and in a country’s, too.
360	8	Unfortunately, that’s not what is happening. And if you ask me, regulators have made the same mistake they made on subprime: They failed to protect the public against financial products nobody understood, and many vulnerable families may end up paying the price.
876	8	That value should make the casual displacement of Black people untenable, even immoral. And that will take much more than a little library to rectify.
139	4	To be clear, no one is trying to filter Covid-19 out of the data. The Bureau of Labor Statistics is not trying to estimate what job growth would have been in the absence of the pandemic. Economists there have a more modest objective, which is to detect how much of any month’s employment change can be attributed to seasonal factors versus everything else, which includes Covid-19 as well as interest rates, supply chain snafus and consumer confidence. But even that modest objective is proving to be quite the challenge.
708	1	Westley is right. Merry Christmas.
451	3	As we observe the Martin Luther King Jr. holiday on Monday, let us remember his words, “The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.” Mr. President, at this historic moment, I have great confidence that you are strong enough, passionate enough and love this country enough to lead this army. But we need you to lead this fight as our president, not as a senator. This must not be the end of our fight; it needs to be our beginning. And to paraphrase King once again, please, listen to your conscience, and do what you know to be right. Lead us in the fight to save our great democracy — and we will follow.
75	6	Maybe she has had better boyfriends than me. Maybe shopping is stupid — you think about yourself in all sorts of important ways, and you’re not so important in all those ways. Maybe that is what is making me nauseated. Maybe that is when he stopped trusting me, or stopped wanting to be with me or sleep with me, and that’s when I became scared and stopped trusting him, and perhaps that’s when our conflicts began. Maybe that’s just paranoid. Maybe this is how I always feel in November. Maybe we can talk in person when he’s back. Meeting the same people you knew ten years ago, you’re seeing how much worse you’ve all become — more dull, more cynical about each other, less pleasant to be around. Men always seemed so threatening, like they would be vines and choke me and would twist themselves around my hands and I would get no work done. Midday has come, and the sun shines in with a yellow light. Midnight. More sex. Mostly these days I’m just lying in bed. My apprenticeship in art and my apprenticeship in romance. My arms were rigid. My book is done. My book is going badly. My book suddenly makes sense. My book will be done this year. My brain has turned itself off. My brain is like the viscous stuff around a brain — that’s what it is, where it’s located, in the slippery goo between the two hemispheres, between the brain itself and the skull or between the gray matter or whatever the viscous part is; that is where my brain is located, and where my soul is located, too. My brain still feels fried after smoking up with her last night. My computer is getting increasingly slow. My courage had been circumstantial. My duty to sitting in a room and becoming a certain kind of writer, yet when I look at that future, it seems bleak to me — competing in the marketplace and whatnot. My elbow is getting better. My eyes were perfect. My faults, which ruin other aspects of my life, make me suited for writing. My feeling that Pavel should be with a woman with big breasts, that mine do not satisfy him. My friends will leave me to go to New York, and I will be the chump who stayed, wishing I had gone. My hair was pulled back off my face, in a ponytail. My head wants to explode. My heart is cold toward him. My heart is light again, and all that I was going to write about death seems to have vanished. My initial point and what I wanted to say was that every situation is different, and I’m realizing that you cannot avoid unhappiness and cannot avoid pain and cannot make rules and live by them in order to lead a happy life, for I really think that that leads to a life of total isolation from people and experiences, because of course it is people and experiences that bring you pain. My jaw is tight, and I feel like I’m going to cry — why does he keep me waiting, making me suffer? My life feels a little better since talking with Lemons. My life feels great. My loneliness can be attributed to Lark, yes, but more particularly to me not working. My love affair with Lark. My main wish for my life right now is not to think about men all the time, to ever more think about men less and less, and to look around at the world, and at my books — at the books I want to write and the work I want to do — and at other things too, and just really get over my neuroses about everything, and stop smoking and be healthy and confident inside, and to feel my own will, which is my soul, and to be able to have some control over how I react, and to be in the world in a more thoughtful way, and to come out of childhood and be a woman. My middle finger is still hurting from when I slammed it in the door. My mind is back with him since his email of the other night in which he suggested that perhaps he might move to the city for me. My mind was racing with these thoughts, and I asked myself if these thoughts were good, and my mind said, “No.” My mother cannot help me through this. My nose is raw. My nose is running. My realization that it was winter that made me want to go somewhere cold, so as not to miss the winter, and that is why I thought of St. Petersburg. My stories always involve a person walking, going away and coming back. My 20s are gone. My utter awfulness. My whole life changes.
145	5	As Robertson notes, though, having to perform this kind of moral calculus does not an ideal Olympic viewing experience make. “The event feels undeniably blah, utterly lacking the warm, fuzzy, global goodwill that is, yes, a shared fiction, but also the Olympics’ actual stated reason for existing,” he writes. “Welcome to the Malaise Olympics — try, if you can, not to have too much fun.”
419	2	I’m reading more.
699	5	Colombia’s many victims need to be able to stop feeling tired and sad. They deserve the chance to have their hopes fulfilled.
706	1	It being the Netherlands, though, there’s often a workaround. One in seven people claims to have had a sneaky manicure, hair trim or massage. And just as Covid crosses borders, hundreds have gone shopping in Antwerp.
124	3	For most of us, that’s how the real creative acts are performed.
15	7	I was fortunate, eventually, to deliver my second child at a hospital that puts care over creed. If the Supreme Court decision in Dobbs v. Jackson Women’s Health Organization undermines or destroys Roe v. Wade, too many American women won’t have that choice.
883	7	Meanwhile, the left will need to find a better way to talk to men; half of the population is far too many people to abandon to the would-be strongmen of the far right.
474	2	Then there’s “Where’s Halmoni,” by Julie Kim, which features two young Korean American siblings who take a trip through a magical portal into a land filled with characters from old Korean fables. The genius of Kim’s book is that the two kids have started to lose their ability to speak Korean and cannot really understand what the rabbits, goblins and tigers are saying to them. Kim, then, is making a statement about the loss of culture among children of immigrants while also writing a book that returns some of that to them.
630	4	The problem — and I doubt Emba would disagree with this — is that many women are still embarrassed by their own desires, particularly when they are emotional, rather than physical. She writes that sex positivity “champions the primacy of appetite — our wants are above reproach and worthy of fulfillment, no matter what.” Her book, however, is full of examples of people suppressing their longings. She interviews many women who seem to feel entitled to one-night stands, but not to kindness. What passes for sex positivity is a culture of masochism disguised as hedonism. It’s what you get when you liberate sex without liberating women.
412	8	The erosion of reproductive rights is a result of raw, bare-knuckled politics, of a minority exercising its power over a majority. The millions of Americans who are watching, horrified, as the Supreme Court prepares to roll back a right they have had for nearly half a century need to be just as dogged and determined. But it’s going to take unprecedented levels of political activism to fight back. If Republicans are going to push their extreme agenda, we must make sure they have to answer for it where it counts: at the ballot box.
97	3	It might feel counterintuitive to leave what is familiar and seemingly safe to venture out into the unknown in order to be free of life’s terrors, but that is exactly what has been my liberation. It’s always easier to sit on the couch than to get up and go. But maybe the couch is no longer the answer. Perhaps it’s time, with the proper safeguards, to get back out there. Travel still has the power to amaze, to delight and surprise, to awe and inspire, to unite, and most important right now, to obliterate fear.
973	2	Years later I was asked to testify before a committee of New Jersey’s legislature in support of paid family leave; I did so enthusiastically. Paid leave is a moral imperative, an economic necessity and an investment in the business sector. Under Build Back Better the extra income for small-business owners would have allowed us to hire temporary help. Four weeks leave won’t last long — it will be replaced by 12 weeks leave when enough American families and businesses experience the benefits first hand. — James K. Conklin, 69, Glen Ridge, N.J.
394	6	Going forward, Ms. Coulter won’t be the only force tweaking Mr. Trump and focusing on any hint of friction. As usual, she’ll simply be more shameless about it than most.
497	6	In the end neither side is fully persuasive. The national conservatives haven’t shown that their nostrums will bring prosperity and security. And the free traders have failed to deliver on their promises to make free trade and open markets work for all. Hubbard insists, though, that they can. “Econ 101 has answers here,” he writes. “And economists need to spell them out, better than we have in the past.”
127	3	Pulling out of Iraq is unlikely to be trouble-free. But with the withdrawal from Afghanistan still visible in the rearview mirror, Iraqi partners may actually prepare for U.S. troops to leave this time around. The price of inaction is to force U.S. soldiers to be sitting ducks in a geopolitical tinderbox.
142	5	That this is dangerous does not need repeating.
151	6	The rhetoric of harmony in employer-employee relations — the celebration of “input” and “a voice at the table” as ends in themselves — is a none-too-clever attempt to obscure the truth, which is that the Team Act is yet another attempt to undermine the right of labor to organize and fight for its own interests. Union busting with a friendly face is still union busting.
869	1	Bret: Except I’m not a Republican anymore! But I’m always up for a drink.
209	6	But both she and Young are just reminding us — we have agency! If enough Americans stand up to defend a sacred commons, a space where truth must prevail and trust can be forged, we can make a difference. Without that effort, our democracy and our planet are in peril.
613	7	Taken together, it’s a tall order. Stopping the Kremlin’s aggression will require time and a lot of effort. But as NATO members, Europeans and human beings, we cannot flinch from that task.
307	5	“A lot of people get this great idea that war is going to be very digital, and it’s not,” Valeriano told me. “The whole function of war is an abhorrent practice in human society. And technology is not going to sanitize that.”
454	4	Americans are not just consumers. They have interests as producers too, and as what Kahn called “citizens of an urbanized civilization.” The government is right to prefer a meatpacking system that preserves the viability of farmers and the health of towns.
61	5	Democrats are not born; they are made. If the 21st century is to get brighter as it goes along, we have to get a lot better at making them. We don’t only have to worry about the people tearing down democracy. We have to worry about who is building it up.
108	3	But a person is a wonder. It laughs, cries, changes, grows, frustrates, disappoints and loves us back. One gift of marriage is that we are privileged to witness up close a life different from our own. We get to see the slow unfolding of one of God’s greatest miracles: a human life.
527	3	And among the reasons that “The Lincoln Highway” moved me is how it brought all of that to the surface. For its main characters, the actions and inaction of parents aren’t just details from the past. They exist as gravity does — a grounding force, a constant pull.
318	6	I think this is a good place for us to end. The things we associate with “cancel culture” or censoriousness are not unique to us. They aren’t unique to a particular faction or ideology either. They are inherent to democracy, an unavoidable part of free society that we can manage and mitigate but never fully eliminate. To see them in these terms is to remember, or to be reminded, that democracy is not benign. It is a powerful force and, at times, a frightening one too.
495	3	This is the hardest situation that she’s ever faced as a union leader, Weingarten told me. Lots of teachers are frightened and exhausted. The story, for now, is that most of those who can are still showing up.
825	7	One thing is clear: Repeatedly blasting an emergency alert brings its own risks. The last thing needed in a pandemic is a country of people too bored to pay attention and take action.
166	3	Each of these responses offers vital and needed insight as we seek to come back from Covid as a church and a society. I am grateful for you, readers, and for your interaction with these important ideas and difficult questions.
377	4	The trick lies not in sorting out the “real” or “relevant” feelings from the alleged distractions and obfuscations, but in accepting that this constant flux of feeling is not only inevitable, but essential: It is what prevents our happiness from becoming complacent, our anguish from entirely undoing us. The world we live in is infinitely variegated, infinitely complex. To feel that same way, then, is not to be compromised; it is to be complete.
422	8	And so to regard the radical left as a reason to excuse, minimize or ignore the malign movement on the right is an abrogation of conservative duty and principle. If MAGA prevails, conservatism will be gravely injured — and American democracy will be, too.
907	1	Just a few years later, Chinese women and men fighting for greater freedoms helped bring down the last imperial dynasty.
195	4	All officials are duty bound to consider the common good. As Justice Antonin Scalia once put it, governmental decisions are subject to “the fundamental constraint that the decision must be taken in order to further a public purpose rather than a purely private interest.” Common-good constitutionalism urges that this principle be remembered and renewed to heal the ills of our law. One hopes that Justice Breyer’s replacement can transcend the tired opposition of progressivism and originalism, and revive the orientation to the common good that was once central to the American legal tradition.
924	5	Chronic stress depletes. It impairs our cognitive abilities, as well as our immune functioning. Supporting mental health in every way possible remains of paramount importance as we must lean into a time of even more uncertainty, increasingly to be understood as the new normal.
948	4	In this conversation, Kara Swisher asks Ratajkowski about why she’s chosen to stay in modeling for now, despite the ambivalence she expresses about both the profession and the double-edged sword of beauty. They also discuss how she wishes she could be angrier and why she doesn’t regret her appearance in Robin Thicke’s “Blurred Lines” music video.
654	3	Yet China, like Russia, is now giving us an object lesson in the usefulness of having an open society, where strongmen don’t get to invent their own reality.
870	2	In this conversation, Kara Swisher invites Bregman to make a case for taking our capacity for goodness more seriously, even in anxious and uncertain times. But she stress-tests the theory, using examples that range from atrocities like the Holocaust to widespread apathy about the climate crisis. And they discuss what Mark Zuckerberg and Facebook got wrong about human behavior, Bregman’s case for societies’ moving toward a 15-hour workweek and why he decided to publish a clip of Tucker Carlson blowing up at him.
781	8	If Mr. Spielberg and his team are truly committed to authentic Latino stories, they would do well to move away from trying to make old representations more palatable to a contemporary public. Instead, they should focus on nurturing and supporting not only emerging Latino actors but also directors, screenwriters, choreographers and cinematographers so that we may find the resources to tell our own stories, whether or not they fit Hollywood definitions of authenticity.
539	6	Some might argue that Republicans have the same problem in reverse, but that is not the case. The Republican Party cannot rein in its radical wing and has shown no real inclination to do so. Worse, to succeed in 2022 and 2024, it may not need to.
652	3	To me, the lesson is that even when we’re confronting so-far successful autocracies like China, we should learn to be patient and trust our liberal democratic system. When we are confronting imperial aggressors like Putin, we should trust the ways we are responding now. If we steadily, patiently and remorselessly ramp up the economic, technological and political pressure, the weaknesses inherent in the regime will grow and grow.
51	5	But given that Black struggle is these days portrayed rather richly in film and theater, “The Gilded Age” lends a service in showing, beyond museum exhibits and magazine articles, that Black people in another age could triumph despite the obstacles. It brings onscreen life to one of many Black truths, and the one it has chosen to show is of a kind that a truly proud people must not be denied.
321	6	State legislators who support reproductive rights and justice need to take steps to ensure that abortion access is not dependent on ZIP code and financial status and that abortion providers are protected. Without these concerted actions from supportive legislators, the post-Roe reality will be much worse than it has to be.
130	1	Whatever the reason, we’re frequently quicker to call out the bad actors than to congratulate the good ones — with exceptions. The Super Bowl. The Olympics. These events represent moments when we focus on the feats of which people are capable, and we have no shortage of words for those achievers. They’re winners. Champions. Heroes.
954	5	And if there’s anything we’ve learned over the past 15 years, it’s that the chance to enjoy a little bit of power without any real responsibility is impossible for Republicans to resist.
268	7	In the end, all these demands boil down to one thing, ancient and metastatic: racism.
733	1	Those are certainly questions that I and other editors at Times Opinion will be contemplating as we head into the New Year. But for now, we invite you to look back at where we’ve been. I hope these essays make you think, laugh and discuss, and maybe, just maybe, one of them will change your mind.
278	3	The very meaning of the word “Ukrainian” is changing in Poland. It used to contain such nuances as, for example, “the Easterner” or “the village man” or even “wild man.” Now it sounds different. When the word is uttered, I hear “the brave warrior” and “our brother.” For those leaving their lives behind, under the pressure of bombardment and attack, the fraternal salute seems exactly right.
612	8	We now need our European partners to do the right thing: Stop funding Mr. Putin’s war machine. We hope by the time Mr. Biden returns from Europe, the Western alliance will have again found its moral clarity.
476	7	“It’s going to take members of Congress to really step up,” she said. That seems about as likely as pigs flying — or, more aptly, F-35s.
196	3	There are approximately 25,000 Black female attorneys in America. There is every reason to believe that President Biden’s nomination process will benefit by focusing on that extraordinary group for the next justice of the United States Supreme Court.
178	4	And to insist that it is carries a grievous implication: that we Black people are ever so delicate. Last time I checked, we were strong. Strong people, frankly, don’t give a damn what a law school lecturer says about them on Twitter.
326	7	And just like that, in seven easy steps, a democracy can be destroyed. In fact, it is being destroyed.
201	4	In an interview on Tuesday about the Realtime Inequality meter, Zucman said, “I think it’s going to be a paradigm change in how people analyze the economy.” He added: “Before, we talked only about growth because there was no data about inequality. I think this tool is going to change the conversation. I’m not saying it’s the final word. It’s the first step. It’s a prototype.”
640	3	Anti-abortion states have a decision to make: If they want to strongly enforce criminal abortion bans, they will probably have to go after women. Missouri’s recent bills suggest which way that decision will go.
401	8	But I keep thinking about how David Culley got pushed out the door in spite of his nearly 30 years of experience coaching in the N.F.L. And how the former Detroit Lions coach Jim Caldwell, who’s Black, got fired after getting a historically moribund team to the playoffs twice in four years and going 9-7 in his final season. (He was replaced by a white guy who had never been a head coach before and who turned out to be way worse at the job.) And how a league that allows “social justice messaging” on players’ helmets still can’t figure out how to hire enough Black coaches.
960	1	It’s clear that American eaters can evolve how and what we eat; we have remade our food systems again and again. If consumers demand it, I have no doubt that a return to bread as a fundamental, life-supporting food is possible.
291	6	“The situation is extraordinarily challenging for a global brand like ours, and there are many considerations,” Chris Kempczinski, the chief executive of McDonald’s, wrote about the war in a memo to employees and franchisees that was released Tuesday. McDonald’s suspended operations in Russia after weeks of resisting pressure to do so, while promising to keep paying salaries. Yes, the world is a complicated place.
757	1	I’m sensing, once again, people coming out better.
648	4	Free speech is predicated on mutual respect — that of people for one another and of a government for the people it serves. Every day, in communities across the country, Americans must speak to one another freely to refine and improve the elements of our social contract: What do we owe the most vulnerable in our neighborhoods? What conduct should we expect from public servants? What ideas are so essential to understanding American democracy that they should be taught in schools? When public discourse in America is narrowed, it becomes harder to answer these and the many other urgent questions we face as a society.
452	8	But generally politicians find reasons to forgive or forget when power forces them to do it, and power is what Biden conspicuously lacks right now. Which makes what we’ve just watched from him feel like the worst possible combination for a president — an anger that only reveals weakness, an escalation that exposes only impotence beneath.
79	5	Whatever happens next in Ukraine, it won’t matter as much as the lessons we draw from it. Only the innocent think that an America that turns its back on the world will be left alone in turn.
455	6	Thinking back to his woeful performance on Wednesday, I again ask myself what Mr. Johnson might have been thinking as he seemed to look skyward. I suspect he was confronting the fact he has failed as prime minister and that history will judge him harshly. And there was part of him, I am sure, that was seeking deliverance from himself.
193	6	DeSantis’s stances on Covid have garnered him a reasonable amount of national name recognition. Last month, a Reuters pollfound that 80 percent of Republican voters had at least heard of him. If this were a normal Republican election run-up, DeSantis would probably be leading right now: An Echelon Insights poll from December that did not include Trump found that DeSantis comfortably led all other potential G.O.P. nominees. But Trump’s path to power is littered with the campaigns of other upstart Republican candidates who checked off all the right boxes and got along well with the establishment. Is it really reasonable to think DeSantis’s fate will be any different?
885	5	In light of stories like these, maybe it’s not surprising that Powell chose now to get more hawkish on inflation. Still, those falling commodity prices and declining inflation expectations in the bond market are sending a different signal. There’s a risk that the Fed will overreact and kill the expansion it’s trying to sustain.
658	3	She said that this may be how machines work. But, she said, “that’s not how we work. We break down.”
535	3	It’s unclear if a specific aspect of care is leading to better outcomes for women just over 35, Cohen said, and her study doesn’t drill down on that. It was primarily concerned with what was happening for mothers around age 35 and babies, rather than why. “It may have to do with taking women’s concerns more seriously at the end of pregnancy, if you’re feeling something’s not right,” she speculated. Which seems like the kind of right-sized care every mother, and child, deserves, no matter her age.
63	6	And for another, even healthy people’s immune systems tend to weaken with age. “Everyone’s going to deal with illness at some point in their life,” Maggie Levantovskaya, a writer and literature professor who has lupus, told him. “Don’t you want a better world for yourself when that time comes?”
43	4	I make no pretense of knowing how to solve a problem as wicked as Afghanistan. But Biden chose this policy. For his own legacy and, more important, for the tens of millions of human beings suffering in Afghanistan, he needs to figure out how to fix it.
304	3	Mr. Putin himself came to power atop the rubble of Russia’s 1990s economic chaos. It would be rash to think that out of the new economic chaos inflicted, a phoenix to the liking of the West will rise.
853	9	In April, things looked different. Other countries, Mr. Putin boasted in his state-of-the-union speech, “were unable to deal with the challenges of the pandemic as effectively as we did in Russia.” That assessment, it turns out, was more than a little premature.
840	7	Such concrete reforms would be especially powerful if combined with an affirmation of democracy’s virtues that goes beyond a predictable pep talk. Yes, democracy might not always deliver the goods immediately. But it’s the only system that can secure the political standing of all, as well as political contests that don’t always produce the same winners. You really can’t put a price on that.
359	6	There is, perhaps, one certainty to hold on to: Mr. Putin will never start a war he’s likely to lose. So the only way to ensure peace is to guarantee that in a military confrontation, Mr. Putin would never win.
84	5	“The truth,” she added, “is that we all have more pain than the world typically knows.”
929	1	Is life better when we're together?
282	3	We’ll continue to explore our pandemic experiences — and what the future might hold — on a rolling basis this week, so please check back. We hope you’ll take some time to read and reflect with us.
810	1	But still, if you look at reality through the new right’s alienated vision, you may see the strange world of 2021 more clearly than through other eyes.
921	5	Tune in again next week for Poker Night in Vienna to see who folds and who bets the pot. Me — I’m watching that Israeli player. He has a really grim look on his face and he keeps counting his F-35 chips like he’s thinking about going all in — alone. And he is crazy enough to do it.
152	4	In the context of the past, it’s a bold statement. But these nuances are not as easy to grasp as boots on the ground. On Monday, Mr. Scholz, addressing Mr. Biden by his first name, sought to bolster the trans-Atlantic alliance. “We are absolutely united,” he said. There’s no reason, really, to doubt it. But it may still take some convincing.
159	1	My daughter won’t be one of them: She’s still too young to receive her shots. But as a family, we’re feeling, for the first time in a while, cautiously optimistic. Mr. Bolsonaro’s efforts to subvert our health system have mostly failed. Each one of the president’s tantrums is a sign of that failure — and, for us, a cause for celebration.
965	1	But they cannot lose sight of this paradox: Individual happiness is more likely to be found not by directly pursuing it but by embracing social institutions that call on us to focus first on the welfare of others.
385	5	One point of alignment between Preston and Autor is that workers need training so they can use automation, not be replaced by it. “We are underinvesting in our people,” Preston said.
81	7	Farah, a member of the Times editorial board, sees wars as dirty pursuits that are often antithetical to democracy and freedom. Farah argues that America needs to focus on its own battles before engaging in international conflicts. “We need to do a better job picking our battles, we really do, because we have to protect ourselves and our own democracy first,” she says. “We cannot help anyone else if we’re in disarray. And guess what? We’re in disarray right now, we really are.”
188	4	And when the opening ceremony kicks off, few will be present to offer a competing vision. Those who might oppose or undermine the Chinese leadership’s drive toward the future did not receive an invitation to this party.
676	4	But people understand that their economic situation is based on whether their income grows faster than their cost of living. Both of those vary across American society. It’s time for the government data to reflect that.
643	3	How this could be done, whether through humanitarian and military help, incorporating Ukraine into the European Union or even supplying it with its own Marshall Plan, are open questions. What matters is the political will to answer them. After all, the struggle for Ukraine, as history tells us, is about much more than just Ukraine or Europe. It is the struggle for the shape of the world to come.
745	1	That night, fog filled up the cove. Come morning, a cloud would engulf the cabin, and rain would fall on the metal roof. But for a few hours, the night sky was full of light. So much light, even in the darkest cove of a dark winter forest. And soon there will be more light.
770	5	My own view is that we should be really hesitant about killing the boom prematurely. But like everyone who’s taking this debate seriously, I’m hanging on the data and wonder every day whether I’m wrong.
786	6	Not that Queens is the real America — or at least no more than anywhere else in this nation. We should see ourselves as one nation. And it would be nice if people in places like Kentucky both accepted that and acknowledged how much they benefit from being part of a greater whole.
437	6	But we are checking for the exits.
140	2	I'm so glad I read so many different kinds of books as a teenager, even the supposedly bad ones. Because it was fun, because I bonded with my friends over those books, because they gave me goofy ideas I could explore in my head without acting them out in real life; and some ideas that I had to act out in real life to experience the consequences of my choices. My older daughter is currently reading a book about sinister dolls who are constantly plotting against each other and attempting to avoid something called “permanent doll state.” I have no idea if she’s learning a damn thing from it, but she sure is enjoying herself.
334	6	Taxes, alone, will not suddenly create a more communal vision of higher education, nor will they persuade everyone to fight for it. A profound cultural shift is needed that is likely to take decades to see through. The good news is that nobody really seems to like the system we have now in the United States, with its brutal competition, its winner-take-all mentality and its undue focus on a handful of elite schools. Why would we center so much of the conversation on places that most students will never even visit, when we could be building a more robust public system that educates everyone?
372	7	Supporters of these efforts know that if America wants to solve the overdose crisis, it must start treating addiction as the medical disorder that it is. The first step is to follow Oregon’s lead and stop treating it as a crime.
312	2	I did leave my kid at preschool on March 12, 2020, because I looked down at her cherubic little face and knew it was going to be her last day in school for a very long time — I didn’t want to take that away from her. Both of my children have loved the schools they’ve attended, and if the pandemic has taught me anything, it’s the astounding importance of experienced teachers and the daily structure, knowledge and care they provide. If there is one overall policy change that would help me — and other parents — the most, I think it would be finding a way to pay teachers more, especially at the preschool level. (I could also use a spa weekend, with friends and sans kids, but that can be my runner-up request.)
286	4	Play to win. “Here’s my strategy on the Cold War,” Ronald Reagan once told his adviser Richard Allen: “We win, they lose.” He said that in 1977, when it seemed like a pipe dream. Twelve years later, it was a fact. Let’s aim for a world unhaunted by the likes of Vladimir Putin.
776	7	And when I look at polls in which a low percentage of American voters list abortion rights as a top issue, I wonder if those voters have considered how a lack of access to these procedures may affect them, even if they would never have an elective abortion. Those two weeks were among the worst of my life, and thinking about anyone having to prolong that kind of purgatory just about breaks my heart.
211	5	In a country where, to this day in rural areas, Dalits are often forbidden to drink from higher-caste wells or eat from the same dishes, Dalits have a history of standing up for democratic norms. A Dalit legal scholar, Bhimrao Ramji Ambedkar, was the main author of India’s Constitution, which offers protection to religious minorities and equal citizenship to all. Today, while some Dalit politicians have joined the ruling party, hoping to finally be embraced by high-caste Hindus, others are among the most vocal voices pushing back against attacks on Muslims and other minorities. It is only natural that those who have endured thousands of years of humiliation under the Hindu caste system would be more skeptical of Hindu nationalism. If liberal democracy is going to be saved in India, it will be saved by the Dalits.
737	2	I’m actually the progressive candidate running in this race. As a leader, you have all these competing circumstances. I think one of the best qualities in a leader is making sure that when there is a problem or a crisis, that you step up to the plate and you do what’s right and you do what’s needed for the community. And that’s exactly what we’re doing here.
727	1	I hope that you can all find that feeling in these last dreary days of 2021, no matter how uncertain they get.
595	3	“Both markets and governments make mistakes,” Winston wrote last year in a blog post for the School of Public Policy at the London School of Economics. “The big difference is that inefficient government policies persist indefinitely, while markets have incentives to correct their inefficiencies given sufficient time, often by developing technological and product innovations.”
407	4	There’s much to be thankful for about how things ended last week in Texas, and about the outpouring of love and support, across faiths, for a little Jewish community. But the wise counsel for Jews is to be grateful for last week’s good luck, while taking it as a warning that our luck in America may run out.
253	4	Few police officers are held accountable for killings. Even fewer have to answer for more common forms of abuse and bad behavior. And too many cops act with impunity, as if they were above the laws that govern the rest of us. We don’t need to fund the police (American law enforcement has more than its fair share of cash); we need to control them.
775	2	Said Shin: “We typically don’t think about public authorities going in and directing resources on the real side of the economy. It’s a fine line. You don’t want to be in there shifting boxes of goods here and there. But to facilitate, that’s entirely legitimate.”
122	4	Maybe they did that because of an imaginary microaggression. But why would some of the smartest and most highly credentialed people in this country find it so easy to jump to that conclusion? Perhaps professors’ sense of their own vulnerability to rampant snowflakery has obscured to them the actual workings of power. Maybe they thought they were standing up against woke illiberalism. What they were really doing was closing ranks.
115	4	What happens with inflation will also depend on whether workers manage to win higher pay to make up for ground lost to inflation, Elise Gould, a senior economist at the Economic Policy Institute, told me. Low unemployment puts workers in a stronger position but isn’t enough, she said. To extract higher pay from their employers they also need a higher minimum wage, protections for organizing labor unions and stronger on-the-job protections, she said.
374	6	Putin seems to think that dividing and humiliating the West over Ukraine would reduce NATO and its partners to a collection of states, each fearful and pliable. It’s not a bad bet, and it won’t be easy to stop him. But a free world that understands that the alternative to hanging together is hanging separately can at least begin to face up to the menace he represents.
571	2	These discoveries suggest that the female body may be more resilient, dynamic and expansive than science has historically considered it. To rethink the ovary is to open the door to questioning a whole host of things that everybody knows are “true” about the female body. It is to reimagine how the female body works — and rethink what all bodies are capable of.
899	7	“The online world shouldn’t be a Wild West where bots and bigots and trolls and others can just anonymously go around and harm people and hurt people, harass them and bully them and sledge them,” Morrison said at a news conference. “That’s not what can happen in the real world, and there’s no case for it to be able to be happening in the digital world.”
450	7	Western leaders at the negotiating table should remember that Ukrainians deserve to be able to plan their lives according to their dreams, not according to Mr. Putin’s imperialistic obsessions. And that Ukraine’s failure would be not just a win for Mr. Putin’s regime but also a blow to global democracy.
332	7	The threat to public schools comes from a wide variety of sources: poor teacher pay, tax cuts and anti-C.R.T. activists who seem determined to turn every school board meeting into a new front of the culture war. But in places like Oakland, perhaps the most existential danger to an egalitarian public education system comes from the understandable decisions of mostly minority-group parents to send their children to charter schools. This goes beyond the white-Black, rich-poor binary that usually frames the debates about educational inequality. We shouldn’t blame parents for trying to find the best school for their children, but we should acknowledge that shuffling students around to change the racial demographics of a few elite schools doesn’t actually constitute true integration.
844	4	The Biden plan to reimburse for tests doesn’t go into effect until mid-January. In Indiana, where I live, we’re already in what might be our worst surge. Americans need quick, reliable tests and the ability to frequently use them. They should be available at home, where people make decisions about whether it’s safe to socialize, and the tests need to be free.
588	3	In the foreword for “The Mechanical Bride,” Mr. McLuhan references Edgar Allan Poe’s short story, “A Descent Into The Maelström,” in which a sailor saves himself from drowning in a whirlpool by studying its currents and observing its movements with detachment. In this same way, we might try to identify and recognize the algorithmic undercurrents at the center of social media — but for most of us, the more practical solution is probably to just step away, and to find a better way to stay informed about world events.
270	2	Turn your face up to the sky. Listen. The world is shivering into possibility. The world is reminding us that this is what the world does best. New life. Rebirth. The greenness that rises out of ashes.
90	5	Recent events have confirmed what many suspected: The right is perfectly fine, indeed enthusiastic, about illegal actions and disorder as long as they serve right-wing ends.
3	6	But it’s not enough for him to simply acknowledge the downsides of efficiency. There is a live debate over how to solve the problem going on right now, as the Biden administration takes the first steps toward prioritizing resilience by attempting to reregulate shipping companies, encourage competition to weaken corporate pricing power and support domestic manufacturing. Mr. Summers shouldn’t be an obstacle to this effort or even an interested bystander, watching it unfold; he should be an active enthusiast for cleaning up the mess he made.
440	6	I dream of vigorous town hall-style debates where both parties engage in arguments over whose policies are best, instead of hurling talking points in our general direction from a distance. What Democrats learn may be uncomfortable if they have to abandon their assumptions. But dissecting our understanding of these voters, long presumed to represent a bloc, will be necessary if we have any hope of reconstituting “the Latino vote” in a way that’s more reflective of Latinos’ hopes, dreams and political aims.
119	6	And yet, we are likelier to avoid war with Russia by backing up our diplomacy with military might that strengthens deterrence than by telegraphing to our adversary what we are afraid of. President Biden needs to up his game.
45	3	Yet we can hope that the surprising monetary generosity during the pandemic might lead to more sustained and enduring economic solidarity. Perhaps, “in the use of money to maintain connection,” the anthropologist Bill Maurer speculated, “we might be able to discern a new ethics of exchange.” Imagine if the money that flowed during the pandemic could be a model for how we can be brought closer together and how we can transcend rather than reproduce our nation’s entrenched political partisanship.
715	1	I did not ride the Power Wheels for very long. In the language of the Walmart brand jeans of that era, I was husky, and I soon became too heavy for the vehicle. But that Christmas Day, my Jeep rumbled across the grass like the chariots of old. There was no bounce to my hair as the wind blew through it, like the blond kids’ on the commercials. My low-cut fade was decidedly stationary. But I felt seen and heard by God, if only for a moment.
945	1	Speaking of Times Square, that was sad news about Stephen Sondheim passing away last week. Talk about genius! A friend of mine with an ear for melody and a gift for language sent me a song from “Merrily We Roll Along” that she thought was apropos of our weekly chats:
671	3	But especially if they could be adopted by statute, 12-year staggered judicial term limits might just help thread that needle — and contribute to meaningful yet restrained change to an institution that is in urgent need of it.
674	8	Yes, the Hall of Fame, M.L.B. and the Baseball Writers’ Association are separate organizations. And yes, the Hall of Fame selection criteria include “integrity,” “sportsmanship” and “character,” not just stats and ability — no doubt, some baseball writers place a great deal of weight there. But if we’re going to deny Bonds and Clemens, then there’s something amiss with the integrity of the whole Hall of Fame process and the record of a time when baseball itself didn’t live up to Hall of Fame standards. Bonds and Clemens represented the best on-field performers in baseball — and represented the era in which they played. When you add that up, they should be in Cooperstown, enshrined in the Hall alongside the game’s other greats.
649	2	Orban’s rise to power marked the beginning of the authoritarian populist era. If he somehow falls, it might mark the beginning of the end of it.
141	3	The battle over what Section 2 means has been building for years, largely under the radar, and now it is front and center. The current Supreme Court term is all about abortion and guns. The next one will be all about race. Along with the Alabama case, Merrill v. Milligan, the Harvard and University of North Carolina admissions cases are also on the docket — to be heard by a Supreme Court that, presumably, for the first time in history, will have two Black justices, and all in the shadow of the midterm elections. The fire next time.
819	1	I also exchanged emails with the public health scholars Phoenix Do of the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee and Reanne Frank of Ohio State University, who have used the Delphi-Facebook data in their work. They wrote that they “adjusted for metropolitan status, political affiliation and education — factors that were known to be nonrepresentative in the Delphi-Facebook data.” They added that “there is currently a dearth of data sources” on socioeconomic factors related to Covid-19: “The Delphi-Facebook data has that needed information; moreover, it has been released in near real-time, enabling researchers such as ourselves to investigate these types of questions in a timely manner.”
793	1	The International School for Champions operates on a shoestring. The bricks for dormitories are made on site. There are solar panels for electricity and a newly dug well, but no pipes to carry water to the buildings. (Still, that’s an improvement from when water had to be carried a mile from a seasonal stream.) Omanyo and Kendrick are seeking money for everything from hygiene products to computers and salaries for teachers ($350 a month). Here is a link to give.
429	5	Much better days may be ahead. But as the world has learned over the past two years, only fools with short memories make promises in a pandemic.
901	8	Should the court take up a reason-ban challenge, Justice Thomas’s example in these earlier cases may provide a template for Justice Barrett to explicitly invoke her own experiences — and her identity — to weigh in on the most fraught issue of our time. Her symbolic authority as the mother of two Black children and a child with Down syndrome might transform a decision overruling Roe from an expression of raw partisanship to a more publicly palatable meditation on the broader questions of maternity, personhood and dignity that the anti-choice movement has been emphasizing for years.
683	1	In between, he changed the world.
70	3	It’s time to bring them to America.
936	2	When I became a musicals addict in the ’80s, I noticed that there was a type of 50-something fan who had never taken to Sondheim’s music; they stopped roughly at “Fiddler on the Roof,” “Mame” and “Pippin.” I always vowed I would not become like them and would always be as open to the new stuff as to the old. But in truth, while they couldn’t get to Sondheim, I’m not sure I have ever really gotten past him.
813	3	For too many of our kids, we can’t erase these awful memories, and I confess that after reporting this out, I don’t feel optimistic. Not because I don’t think teachers and school counselors aren’t prepared to address potential violence. On the contrary, I think most of them are doing their best to keep students safe. But they aren’t psychic, and in a country where there are, according to one study, 120.5 firearms for every 100 residents, there will always be the potential for a worst-case scenario.
818	7	There are irrefutable benefits to the existence of a strong, democratic and independent Ukraine as a powerhouse at the crossroads of Russia, Central Asia, the Middle East and Southern Europe. For that to happen, the United States has to be more assertive in the region. Our traditional halfhearted approach has already proven to be a dead end.
791	2	As we watch Mr. Johnson’s narrative play out, Britain feels like a country put on hold. We don’t know whether the prime minister can save himself, let alone Christmas.
957	1	It has been a long pandemic thus far, but let’s remember that this is not a reset to March of last year — the world has the means to manage this variant. Let’s use them.
292	5	“When Anonymous, the global hacker consortium, announced that it was attempting to take down Russian websites, that was not by government order; it just acted on its own,” he writes. “Who does Russia call to get Anonymous to accept a cease-fire?”
213	4	That’s an oversimplified take, though, ignoring reasoned addresses of racial preferences from many quarters. My position on racial preferences in 2022 (as opposed to 1962) stands. But if, somehow, it wasn’t clear, I look forward, also, to seeing legacy preferences melt away just as soon.
330	6	If the United States Supreme Court rolls back the constitutional protection of abortion this year, the move would reverberate around the world. Latin American women will continue building knowledge and working across borders in the fight to guarantee everyone’s rights. Perhaps our approach can be useful to our sisters in the global north, to which we have looked for so many years for lessons.
888	6	If the world is going to beat the pandemic, countries need policies that promote a basic, but increasingly forgotten, idea: that our individual flourishing is bound up in collective well-being.
602	6	Senator Braun’s mistake was not that he misunderstood the question; it’s that he understood it all too well. The world he and his colleagues are working toward is one in which the national government defers the question of civil and political rights to the states. And it is in the states, free from federal oversight, where people like Braun can exercise real control over what you might do, how you might live and who you might love. It’s freedom for some and obedience for the rest.
900	7	Later this month President Biden will host the Summit for Democracy, with a key focus on promoting human rights around the world. But as U.S. courts continue to dismantle basic rights enjoyed in countless other modern democracies, the most pressing question must be: How can democracy do its job at home if only half the population is granted full human rights?
835	1	About a decade later, I took my mother to see Lerner and Loewe’s “My Fair Lady” at Lincoln Center Theater. In spite of Alzheimer’s, she whispered the lyrics to “The Rain in Spain” by heart. She still remembered Broadway. It would be the last show she saw. She is in assisted living now, and my father has passed. In a way, this guest essay is for them. Images, like songs, can stir such specific and happy memories; Mom recalling the lyrics to “The Rain in Spain” is one of my happiest. When I see her this Christmas, I will take my book of Hirschfeld drawings to show her and see if she remembers them.
87	4	Other states would do well to pay attention to whether the reforms in Alaska and other states and cities do a better job of giving candidates with the broadest appeal to voters a good chance to actually get elected.
651	5	Hong Kong could have fared better against Omicron if vaccination rates had been much higher. The city’s experience gives the lie to the simplistic narrative that Omicron is mild. Its severity is highly contextual. And in Hong Kong’s context, Omicron brought about a perfect storm.
428	6	In that sense, the big lie is a precursor to more dangerous threats — threats that are plausible in ways that less than a decade ago seemed inconceivable. The capitulation to and appeasement of Trump by Republican leaders is actually setting up even worse possibilities than what we’ve lived through so far.
202	5	I don’t envy any people making policy for young kids at this moment. They must weigh competing alternatives against the incredibly high stakes involved in potential outcomes and try to do what is best for most. I doubt these recommendations will make everyone happy or fix child care entirely. As Haspel put it, “There’s not a creative solution to this” because there are so many basic problems. Parents and leaders may be searching for some outside-the-box solution to remedy what ails us, “but we need to have a box first.”
841	9	All others have a choice to either be part of the solution or part of the problem. The unvaccinated are choosing to be part of the problem.
542	5	Nearly two decades ago, the authors of the 9/11 commission report told Americans that the most important counterterrorism failures were failures “of imagination.” We are thwarted today by the same problem. It isn’t that we lack the will or the resources to combat violent extremism. We are failing instead to reimagine what prevention should look like for an extremist threat that has migrated from the fringe to the mainstream.
467	6	If you are sick, even with severe Covid, you want someone with a doctor’s viewpoint caring for you. America, however, is not a patient. And we’d all be better off, as a society and as individuals, if those in control of our country’s health stopped thinking of it that way.
435	5	If such a scenario comes to pass, Hasen says, collective action would be the only recourse. “These gerrymandered legislators may not respond to entreaties from Democrats, but they are more likely to respond to widespread public protests made up of people of good faith from across the political spectrum,” he writes. “If Republicans have embraced authoritarianism or have refused to confront it, and Democrats in Congress cannot or will not save us, we must save ourselves.”
939	3	But, in fact, they exist already. They existed, at our mercy, all along.
277	7	China, then, can’t insulate Russia from the consequences of the Ukraine invasion. It’s true that the economic squeeze on Russia would be even tighter if China joined the democratic world in punishing aggression. But that squeeze is looking very severe even without Chinese participation. Russia is going to pay a very high price, in money as well as blood, for Putin’s megalomania.
624	2	God bless, then, Urban Dictionary, despite its shagginess. Whenever I see people in old movies say “Swell!” or the like, I always wonder what other kinds of things they said when we weren’t listening. There’s no reason to think they weren’t as linguistically fun as we are now.
281	4	But the right way to achieve equity in this sphere is not by barring Russians and Ukrainians but by expanding migration rights for others. In the meantime, the best should not be the enemy of the good. We should seize this opportunity to simultaneously aid large numbers of victims of war and oppression and secure valuable strategic and economic advantages.
661	5	Tooze, however, was more optimistic than Klein about the prospects for decarbonization in an era of renewed great-power competition. International cooperation is important, but “if you take the climate problem as seriously as I think we have to at this point and as seriously as I think big parts of the leadership in China increasingly are, it’s a national interest issue,” he said. “You do it because you’ve got to do it.”
897	9	But we’re now trying to deal with a miserably complex issue in a brutalized political culture. Majorities don’t rule in this country; polarized minorities do. The evidence this week is that the post-Roe politics would make even our current politics seem tame. I’m not sure our democracy is strong enough for that.
731	10	Democrats have a once-in-a-generation opportunity to improve American society, not just for a few years, but permanently. Doing so would give them some clear victories they can point to with voters that lay the groundwork for future success. But to get such a package across the finish line, progressives and centrists — including both the White House and the senator from West Virginia — must stop pointing fingers, come back to the negotiating table, and compromise. America cannot afford for the Biden agenda to fail.
843	8	The bigger problem, Stearns says, is when the rules are abruptly changed in a way that is clearly partisan. He cites the procedures in Congress that allowed President Donald Trump, who served four years, to replace three justices who died or retired over four years and seven months. It’s hard to devise a theoretical justification for that. “There’s a difference between arbitrariness and a lack of legitimacy,” Stearns says. “The problem is when you have both.”
32	1	Out of my own sense of longing, I began documenting his daily existence by using zoom recordings and video cameras installed in his room. As the virus devastated his facility, it was my way of staying connected to him amid fear and grief. In the short documentary above, my father and I create a space of solace and reflection, where we explore the nature of time, family and separation. What results is a poet’s meditation on longing — longing for connection, longing for love and longing for life itself.
398	6	But accepting some pain for the sake of a more sustainable position is simply what happens when you’ve made a generation’s worth of poor decisions, and you’re trying to find a decent and dignified way to a necessary retreat.
129	3	Both tendencies are about breaking the country out of economic and cultural stagnation, and both have an anti-elitist streak. But our vision is just not as bleak, pessimistic and enervating, and that’s why I’m confident it can compete and win.
126	3	In the years to come, both Web3’s boosters and its skeptics may be proven a little bit right, Charlie Warzel argues in The Atlantic. “The Web3 crowd’s ambitions must be taken seriously: It has the money and the influence and sheer marketing power to make the dream a reality,” he writes. But, he adds: “To accept the FOMO bullies’ narrative — and ignore the doubters — is to cede control of the future to a small subset of loud and powerful people. That’s just what Web3 is supposed to prevent.”
341	6	It’s a lighthearted scene, probably not meant to carry as much weight as other scenes in Waugh’s novel about moral choices. But it has always stuck with me. Don’t find another person’s misery the subject of mirth, glee or satisfaction. Doing so is mean. It’s immoral. And one day you may be the unfortunate one.
441	5	And in the case of New York, NIMBYism is ultimately the reason a great global city has become a one-industry town, leaving it unusually vulnerable to pandemic-driven economic dislocations.
820	1	And so it goes. “Omicron” is my favorite example lately, but the new year will surely bring many more.
764	4	And, lastly, they’ve finally found a solution to the excessive humming caused by crosswinds on the Golden Gate Bridge. It’s been driving San Franciscans crazy. According to The San Francisco Chronicle, a solution has been reached to attach “U-shaped aluminum clips containing a thin rubber sleeve to all 12,000 vertical slats on the railings.” The newspaper said the rubber will absorb vibrations to damp the whistling sound. That’s a relief.
80	7	No, the Ukraine crisis has never been exclusively about Putin’s fear of the expansion of NATO’s forces to Russia’s borders. Not even close. His greater fear is the expansion of the E.U.’s sphere of influence and the prospect that it would midwife a decent, democratic, free-market Ukraine that would every day say to the Russian people, “This is what you could be without Putin.”
787	7	Or, as the sociologist Oliver Cromwell Cox once wrote, “The people are not free when a relatively few masters of industry could deny them control of their resources” — and to that, one might add control of their selves.
953	1	My mother taught my girls to ride their bikes; someday, maybe, I’ll teach my own grandchildren. I lost my mother; someday my daughters will lose me. The wheels go around, loss chasing joy, happiness following sorrow. Pedal, pedal, pedal, glide.
153	3	“The Sixties” ends with a quote from Rabbi Tarfon, who lived around the first century A.D.: “It was not granted you to complete the task, and yet you may not give it up.” Gitlin never did.
506	2	Roll credits, in Chinese. I’ll see you all at the Oscars.
489	7	What he really wants to do is end the Western alliance as we have known it since the Atlantic Charter. As for the United States, two decades of bipartisan American weakness in the face of his aggression has us skating close to a geopolitical debacle. Biden needs to stand tough on Ukraine in order to save NATO.
942	3	Engelhardt, a former member of Louisiana Lawyers for Life, obviously doesn’t believe that all individuals should have the liberty to make “intensely personal decisions according to their own convictions.” But that doesn’t mean he’s a hypocrite. He simply appears to believe, as much of the modern right does, that there are some people who should be subject to total physical coercion, and some who should be subject to none at all.
382	8	OK, I’m sure that some people will say that I’m making too much of these issues. But ask yourself: Has there been any point over, say, the past five years when warnings about right-wing extremism have proved overblown and those dismissing those warnings as “alarmist” have been right?
430	6	But once you’ve become part of the American pattern of trying anything, absolutely anything in order to feel better — and found that spirit essential to your own recovery — the idea of medical cost control as a primary policy goal inevitably loses some of its allure, and the American way of medical spending looks a little more defensible. To just try things without counting the cost can absolutely run to excess. But sometimes what seems like waste on the technocrat’s ledger is the lifeline that a desperate patient needs.
606	4	Most of this research was done many years ago. Reading it in the context of Covid, I often had a sense that I was glimpsing a lost world. Everything seems so fragile. As we gradually slog back to normal life, this might be the moment to take a friendship inventory, and to be aggressively friendly.
464	4	A linguistic hallmark of our times is that Black people no longer must abandon Black English to be taken seriously as movers and shakers. It’s evidence that even if change happens slowly, it happens. Poitier, an artistic giant, has always struck me, linguistically, as one of the last reminders of a time when white America didn’t take Black American speech seriously.
344	7	These problems are not ones that Facebook can fix on its own. Its parent, Meta, is a private company but one with tremendous influence on society and democratic discourse. Facebook needs to continue to recognize the responsibility it has to protect elections around the world and invest accordingly. Governments, civil society and the public should hold it accountable for doing so.
851	2	To debate the free speech crisis — or lack thereof — on campuses, Jane Coaston brought together Greg Lukianoff, the president and C.E.O. of the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education (FIRE), and Mark Copelovitch, a professor of political science and public affairs and the director of the Center for European Studies at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. They discuss whether the new university can address deep-rooted issues on campus or will just fall into the same “thought bubble” that plagues other institutions.
763	8	Alaa’s words in the essay I quoted above are addressed, in part, to the “Northern allies who chanted, ‘Not in our name!’ as the bombs fell on Bagdad.” People often ask me how they, living in America or Britain or the other countries of the global North, can help. I tell them to scrutinize the foreign policies of their governments as vigorously as they scrutinize domestic policies. Alaa’s answer, always, is this: Fix your own democracy. Safeguard it. There’s no better way to help.
462	5	Omicron may be “milder” than previous variants, but Covid-19 still presents a serious risk to workers. Confirmed infections among nursing home staff are at the highest levels since the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention started reporting the data in the spring of 2020. We must also prepare for the next variant.
502	7	Mr. Putin should be made to understand that invading Ukraine isn’t worth the price — above all, for Russia — raising rivalry with the United States to dangerous levels, excluding Russia for good from European security forums, alienating much of the world and bringing untold misery down on the Russian economy.
161	6	Some of the questions are easy: Who gets the most benefit from a 112-hour workweek? Unless you’re the business owner, it’s probably not you.
541	6	The government can help us pull out of this fog, but it should always be based on being honest with the public. We aren’t expecting officials to have crystal balls about everything, but we want them to empower and inform us while preparing for eventualities — good or bad. Two years is too long to still be hoping for luck to get through all this.
16	2	I took the opportunity to ask Nalebuff for advice on how I should use his approach to negotiate over some used furniture I’m thinking of buying. He enthusiastically jumped on the problem and sent me two follow-up emails with detailed advice. I told him that assuming it all works out I’m going to name one couch Barry and the other Nalebuff.
549	6	Isn’t that precisely as the law should work? If you were charged with a crime, you wouldn’t want the jury to use your case to send a message to anyone, aside from the verdict it delivered to you.
998	7	In the past decade, there have been many legislative efforts to make abortion more difficult to access. The arbitrary time limits imposed in Mississippi and other states are not a compromise but rather a part of the continuing effort to erode or eliminate abortion rights in the United States. These bans on abortion will exacerbate the struggles of people who are pregnant when they don’t feel ready to have a baby and will jeopardize their health, the well-being of their families and the trajectory of their lives.
774	7	Or, it seems, pass a law requiring gun owners to keep their weapons stored in a safe place.
503	5	This disconnect is represented most glaringly in Tom Wambsgans, a much-mocked social climber who married into the family, and effectively, the family business. But in the season finale, the strivers seem to win the day: Tom joins forces with Logan in a corporate maneuver that blindsides the Roy children — who are left with only their stunning sense of entitlement about what they deserve, without doing anything so crass as earnestly striving for it.
881	1	After the victory, as students and fans rushed onto the field at Michigan Stadium, the players joined in the celebration, posing for photographs and hugging each other as snow swirled around them. I might as well have been right there with them. And a week later, the skies still seem bluer, the annoying people in life less annoying, and life is just … better.
457	6	It’s notable that the immigration minister who refused Djokovic’s visa did so in the news graveyard of after 5 p.m. on a Friday. This was curious timing. With an election looming, the Morrison government is desperate, perhaps, to feed Australians a scapegoat for our fury — but without the courage to expose that desperation to our scorn.
944	3	For now, South Africa is the latest proof of the adage that no good deed goes unpunished. “This latest round of travel bans is akin to punishing South Africa for its advanced genomic sequencing and the ability to detect new variants quicker,” South Africa’s Ministry of International Affairs and Cooperation said in a statement on Saturday. “Excellent science should be applauded and not punished.”
625	3	And maybe remembering what Odessa might have become will help remind us how important it is that this attempt at conquest fail.
308	6	But will voters see through this latest Republican disinformation campaign? Will Democrats make an effective case for the truth? I wish I were more optimistic than I am.
847	3	Baseline: Kids can be picky. They can be stubborn. They’re exerting their independence through their food choices. But then you layer onto that this food system that’s just saturated in salty, sweet, cheap junk food that is designed to be extremely appealing to children. And parents just don’t have a chance. It can be really hard for them to accept.
427	3	I’m not sure she found any of our answers satisfactory, but that’s work she ultimately has to do on her own. And Hunter gave me a suggestion to help us cut down on the nighttime colloquies: Give her a notebook to keep by her bedside, so that she can write down her questions and then ask them in the morning. I still won’t be able to solve her existential crises, but I’ll have a better shot after coffee.
263	4	Ukrainians have bravely defended their country. It is their valor that has united the international community. We can’t let them down.
363	1	On Monday, I will write about what an alternative might look like.
54	3	But the state of inflation expectations says that this process doesn’t have to be painful. If the Fed manages to get the right balance, we’ll be able to bring inflation down without a nasty economic slump.
156	3	Like many childhood vaccines, that shot protected him, our family, my work, our caregiver, his toddler classes, his grandmother and all the vulnerable people we had come in contact with at the market or on the subway. If we want to bring this pandemic to a rapid denouement, vaccinating schoolchildren can have the same ripple effect and may well be the best way to go.
938	1	Times readers sent nominations for the song they think most defines our charged times. Here is a selection of the most nominated tracks:
688	5	The political fragmentation that now characterizes nearly all Western democracies reflects deep dissatisfaction with the ability of traditional parties and governments to deliver effective policies. Yet perversely, this fragmentation makes it all the more difficult for governments to do so. Mr. Biden is right: Democracies must figure out how to overcome the forces of fragmentation to show they once again can deliver effective government.
420	1	I am teaching my child to be lazy, and so far, it’s going really well.
523	3	I’m not saying that we should ignore inflation. The Fed is right to be considering interest rate hikes now that the economy appears to be getting close to capacity. But accepting inflation for a while was probably the right call.
754	1	Remove from heat, and stir in the spinach and lime juice. Divide rice among bowls, then top with meatballs, broth and cilantro. Serve with lime wedges.
397	2	Orli’s middle name is Chaim, for my grandfather who fled Nazi-occupied Vienna at age 26. He was known for his knack for reinvention and unmitigated joy, even in the face of unimaginable loss. Upon my bat mitzvah, some 30 odd years before Orli’s, he sent me a letter: Now that I was coming of age in the Jewish community, he offered the words Moses says to Joshua as he assumes the mantle of leadership. They are words meant to gird oneself in the face of challenge and responsibility, of obstacles and uncertainty. It is a command not to back down but to forge ahead. And so he did not write mazel tov, or congratulations, but hazak v’ematz, have strength and be courageous: The expression is not an endpoint, but a beginning.
546	1	Rarely are our language peeves of a kind that would stand the test of time any better. And that includes supposed concerns about clarity: Some 19th-century pedants once advised that the constructions “the first two” and “the two first” were both potentially correct — but — what you call “the first two” things have would have to be ones that form a united pair; otherwise, when simply referring to the first and second things of a series, you were to say “the two first.” For clarity, you see. That peeve came and went, and here we are. It’s the reason for that permissiveness among linguists that perplexes so many.
886	9	So while Powell was right in saying that the correlation between money and growth broke down after 1980, monetarism — roughly speaking, the doctrine that says the money supply rules everything — was never supported by the evidence.
722	7	From the moneyed corners of Manhattan to the gracious brownstones of Cobble Hill, there is a creeping sense of shock: The new mayor is not necessarily speaking to them. Power in America’s largest city has changed hands.
486	5	But we still need national leadership. Without spelling out targets, Mr. Biden’s executive order calling for emission standards for heavy-duty trucks and buses leaves a big hole in his climate change plans. To fulfill his ambitions on climate change, he must work with vehicle manufacturers, utility companies, urban communities and labor unions to ensure that all new truck and bus sales are emission-free by 2040.
260	4	So bring on the speech and the confidence to respond to it, challenge it or mock it out of hand. That’s the confidence the Russian government doesn’t have. And that’s the confidence we must re-establish within ourselves.
619	4	For all the failures of the army, the Russian military advantage remains enormous. The day may come when Mr. Zelensky has no escape from the Russians coming after him. Churchill would have understood that as well. A few days before addressing the Commons, he spoke to colleagues in the cabinet about not giving in until he was lying on the ground, choking in his own blood. It is in the nature of courageous leadership that you don’t know the end of the story when you utter your memorable — and perhaps decisive — words.
538	3	But Didion’s best work, even when it wasn’t her last word, denied the reader precisely that kind of clean dichotomy. The dream alone can be dangerous; it can curdle into ideology and fantasy. But the waking world isn’t all there is either, and you can’t describe reality fully unless you stay partway inside the dreams, the myths, the memories that don’t belong to you alone.
513	2	And the answer is: Long (but likely falsely) attributed to Oscar Wilde, this is the best reason to just be yourself.
532	7	Critical race theory isn’t really what’s being targeted right now; it is progress. And for Republican lawmakers, the issue is just the latest acid tablet they can place on the tongues of the members of their base to keep them raging and spastic.
157	3	I like the Swiss cheese model as a way to understand how risk leaks through. Each layer of protection has holes but if you have enough layers, nothing can get through. Some of our layers of safety depend on who we are. Which is why Black people are more likely to die in house fires. It comes down to what housing you have. That could be a hole in your Swiss cheese.
558	1	After she was taken off the breathing tube, she did well for a few days. But when her breathing grew ragged, she was intubated once again and then had a tracheotomy. She spent a month in the hospital, and when I last saw her there, she was breathing on her own. The tracheostomy tube had just been removed, and a small piece of gauze was put in its place. She would make it home after all.
505	2	So in 2020, Cázares-Kelly ran, and she won. Now she’s the county recorder for a jurisdiction with nearly a million people, and more than 600,000 registered voters, in a swing state. “One thing I was really struck by when I first started getting involved in politics is how much power there is in just showing up to things,” she said. “If you love libraries, libraries have board meetings. Go to the public meeting. See where they’re spending their money. We’re supposed to be participating. If you want to get involved, there’s always a way.”
367	7	Now is the time for a Black woman on the Supreme Court.
947	7	In Texas and elsewhere, Americans shouldn’t wait for another woman’s heart to stop beating before they demand change.
573	6	After two years of pain, loss and grief, we all want to safely move forward with our lives. The good news is that we have more tools to do so than ever before. The question is: Will we act to ensure that these protections are available to all who need them when they need them? The answer depends on whether Congress chooses to sustain funding for the Covid-19 response. We hope they do, because the virus has not quit — and neither should we.
935	4	For these reasons, this is a pivotal moment for the Supreme Court to issue a corrective and show that here, too, the arc of the moral universe may be long, but as foretold by the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., it bends toward justice — and that includes the protection of girls.
76	6	But this is what it is. There is a study where they actually, with a large data set, proved that you’re only as happy as your least happy child. There are a couple of books that are written about when our kids disappoint us, and the message is: “Move on. Let them take care of themselves.” But they’re not talking about this population. These mothers cannot just move on.
714	1	But it’s also because of how she pokes fun — and even gapes — at herself, encouraging readers not so much to follow her lead as to marvel at how lost she can get. It’s a cunning invitation. Didion grasped something essential about not just journalism but life: The most trustworthy and likable guides are the ones who occasionally ask others for directions.
647	1	Over the years, in its general expression, my face has changed very little. Behind my small eyes, there comes a light, which I use to see you, and in its flicker, I hold the hope that you will see me, too.
812	1	As his family, friends and colleagues at The Washington Post celebrate his life and career, I will remember him as well for his quiet, unassuming and humorous way of being.
723	8	He needs to change the narrative, and the first step is to be more publicly present. Agreeing to an interview Wednesday with ABC’s David Muir was a start, but just one appearance won’t correct a season of shirking.
249	2	The simplest step might be the most important one: Trust us.
20	8	Lacking the kind of mass movement that catalyzed reform surges in the past, it’s hardly surprising that Mr. Biden and his party have disappointed many of their voters and themselves. Such pressure must come mainly from outside Washington — from ordinary working people and their family members, particularly those disgusted with both parties but who retain the ability to spark the kind of citizen activism on which progressives have always relied.
744	1	Swisher and Haugen discuss her journey from Day 1 on the job to the moment she decided to blow the whistle. Kara presses Haugen, who is no longer a Facebook employee, on why she was ever optimistic about the social media platform and how it is different from any of the other Silicon Valley companies that appear on her résumé. And Haugen shares why — after all she’s seen and all that’s transpired — “if I could work at Facebook again, I would go and work at Facebook again.”
250	5	It’s a quintessentially American success story. Thinking about what her role on the court might be, is it fanciful to suppose that some of her colleagues, age mates who checked the same boxes on their way to the top, might look at Ketanji Brown Jackson and see themselves? Perhaps in the very familiarity of her path to the Supreme Court — a story that to others might look extraordinary — might lie its ability to inspire, or at least to prompt conservatives who are sure of what they think to think again. No, I don’t expect her to change the court. But she may well change the conversation, and that’s a start.
94	6	But it was precarious. They knew they wouldn’t get permanent asylum in Turkey; they were waiting for their papers so that they could apply to the United Nations for resettlement. But already they had their doubts, seeing so many other Afghan refugees stuck there. The Turkish economy was in bad shape, but they hoped to find work and start saving money. They’d escaped the Taliban, but they wanted to start a family, and secure a future for their children. “We can’t stay here forever,” Jawad said. “If we have to, we’ll keep going further. We’ll take the smuggler’s road to Europe.”
103	2	A mantra I use in my own life is, “This is what’s happening right now. I’m doing the best that I can. Just get going, and see what happens.” I remind myself that sometimes the kindest thing I can do for myself is also the hardest thing to do — and that what seems hard today might just make tomorrow feel a bit easier.
342	4	But as a conservative citizen of liberal America, I devoutly hope my community makes a different choice.
251	5	Given all this uncertainty, we should not become complacent. The coronavirus is wily and much more transmissible than influenza. We need to keep a watchful eye even though we now appear to be entering a lull in activity, because it is uncertain how long any lull will last. We shouldn’t assume Covid will ultimately become a mild flulike nuisance. Instead, stay prepared: Get vaccinated and boosted, listen to public health advisories, keep some at-home Covid tests on hand and use them if you’re exposed or feeling sick and mask up when needed. And keep an eye on the frequency and severity of future outbreaks.
912	5	And for Pete’s sake, Mr. Agrawal, please give us an edit button.
632	2	I interviewed the Williams sisters recently. It is hard to spend time with them and believe them to be anything but astute. They surely understood in that instance who held the power, even as I am certain they know that Black women in their position do not often have the same benefit. But their status trumped Campion’s. That is why they were the brunt of her joke but they were not victims of the joke. The fine grains of difference, embodiment and status are layered and complex. Their experience is also much more reflective of the way we live in the world than cut-and-dried cultural narratives built on the good guys and bad guys. In the real world, context changes everything.
191	3	You cuncan’t make this stuff up!
670	1	Lap after lap, I just swam, grateful to forget about the pandemic, grateful for my health, grateful simply to be alive — my heart racing, my body darting through the water like a dolphin freed from captivity.
42	2	Black history offers America a chance to see itself both as what we have failed to become and as we wish ourselves to be. It is not to inspire hate for one race or to foment division. America seeing itself clearly is the first step toward owning and then learning from its mistakes. The second step is the long journey to become that which we hope to be: a more perfect — and just — union.
979	1	Maybe it’s a longstanding rivalry with a cousin, or a nosy aunt asking about your biological clock — or perhaps the uniquely 2020-2021 disagreements over masking, vaxxing and who actually won the election. Whatever your flavor of argument, host Jane Coaston and special guest Dylan Marron are here to help. Gleaning tips and advice from Dylan’s podcast and forthcoming book of the same name, “Conversations With People Who Hate Me,” Jane and Dylan lay out how to engage empathetically with the people who disagree with you, and how to avoid classic pitfalls that keep the discussion from being productive.
682	3	All I’ve ever done is work in kitchens. It’s what I love to do. As a chef, I’m used to thinking on my feet to solve the next new problem. Until now, it’s kept Lazy Betty alive. But how much longer can we go on?
859	3	The names we give to places have a mysterious power, the writer Henry Porter observed, to become a part of them. Which is a way of saying they become a part of us. There are names we may decide to change. But we should be careful not to erase the meanings we’ve vested them with — and continue to push to inscribe public space with other histories that need to be made visible and better known.
987	2	So this conversation is about what an alternative approach to addressing the current homicide spike could look like and all the messy, difficult questions it raises. It also explores the causes of the current homicide spike, why Sharkey thinks policing is ultimately an “unsustainable” solution to crime, how New York City managed to reduce gun violence by 50 percent while reducing arrests and prison populations, whether a less punitive approach to public safety can survive our current politics, why America has such abnormally high levels of violent crime in the first place and what the $5 billion violence prevention investment tucked into the reconciliation bill could mean for the future of public safety in the United States.
92	3	Still, it’s better to light a candle than to curse the darkness, as someone once said. “If you can go to Harvard, go to Harvard,” Reshef said. “I’m there for those who have no other alternative.”
458	2	But I hope their generation, which is pushing to have speech be more careful, can understand that artists like Bob were never trading in hate. He loved the world, and I loved him.
91	4	“We Need to Talk About Cosby” is a moment to start dealing with that reality. “America’s Dad” was a fiction. A lot of women paid a price for our believing in it. It is never too late to say that the price was too high.
933	1	Tomas was a great dude to talk with, and hang out with, and laugh with, and read comics with, and struggle for peace with. He set an example that I hope will help save others and may even prevent future conflicts. Tomas loved superheroes and also was one.
735	9	By now, it’s clear that the public health system does not know how to change people’s beliefs about vaccines. Until we do, America’s leaders should focus on other strategies, especially the ones we already know are effective.
369	3	If she’s being well compensated for bringing entertainment and comfort to her viewers while she parents, I’m thrilled. I hope more and more creators doing this kind of work will get paid, and I think it’s important that creators of color get paid on par with their white counterparts. And even though I still don’t know what half the stuff Brady puts in her laundry is, I bet it all smells incredible.
252	5	Russia’s war on Ukraine might be that “future emergency.” If we don’t want to have to worry about Russian hackers contaminating our drinking water every time we turn on the faucet, now is the time to rethink our approach.
203	5	Kitschelt’s last point touches on what is sure to be a major motivating force for a Republican Party given an extended lease on life under Trump: the need to make use of every available tool — from manipulation of election results to enactment of favorable voting laws to appeals to minority voters in the working class to instilling fear of a liberal state run amok — to maintain the viability of a fragile coalition in which the core constituency of white noncollege voters is steadily declining as a share of the electorate. It is an uphill fight requiring leaders, at least in their minds, to consider every alternative in order to retain power, whether it’s democratic or authoritarian, ethical or unethical, legal or illegal.
314	4	Many people don’t. But I do. I could look to sports to take my mind to a place where the war in Ukraine is a faraway problem for other people. I won’t, though. Kimes helped me think about how a binary mind-set toward sports in a time of crisis is unhelpful. Sports and war often coexist, uneasily, sometimes interweaving, sometimes seemingly acting in parallel, each separate from the other. And I can follow sports for the same reasons I always have, while remaining informed about the war in Ukraine. I know what’s important. I know that life and liberty matter, and that the N.F.L. is a league based on a game. “ESPN” used to stand for the Entertainment and Sports Programming Network, after all. Sports can be important ways to shift critical conversations, but they can also be fun, engaging and enjoyable. At a time when nothing feels comfortable, it’s OK to find some semblance of comfort in sports.
610	1	My first March here will be followed by my first April and my first May, as the Chapel Hill spring introduces a mosaic and a music I’m unaccustomed to. I’m ready for the education. For the elation, too.
958	2	Ultimately, it is only genuine, supportive human connections with other service members, leaders and veterans — those who believe and understand them — that will save young American troops from feeling there is no way out.
187	6	As we tentatively approach the end of the crisis period of the pandemic, leaders need to help people put risk into perspective. If countries haven’t articulated how they will deal with pandemic trade-offs, they need to do so now. The longer it takes for the realization that the risk from Covid is lowering, the longer the crisis will last and the deeper the divides it will create. Should new variants turn the presumed end (at least for Denmark) into a brief pause, such cleavages will make the next round with the virus even more difficult.
265	4	It took a radical populist to tear up the decades-old consensus on trade. It’s going to take a diplomat — and maybe a miracle — to build a new one in its place.
364	3	It’s equally good for our public ones.
872	5	Bob Dole was principled and even partisan, yes. But he leavened his fighting spirit with humility, humor and respect. If that made him weak, American politics would be stronger with more weakness.
636	4	But when I look out of the window of the 15th floor of the building where I live, it seems to me that from this high point, I can see my country sinking into darkness.
220	3	Now is the time for a statistical overhaul. If ever there was a trial that cried out for Bayesian methods, this is it. And if ever there were institutions powerful enough to bring about a fundamental change in the ways we interpret data, it would be the F.D.A. and the pharmaceutical companies during the pandemic. In the meantime, people across the country who fret about their unvaccinated young children will continue to do what we’ve become experts at: waiting.
256	4	Whatever new order might emerge from this terrible war and the likely occupation of Ukraine, it is the duty of all leaders to prepare their countries for it, even if the pain it will cause is still unknown.
114	6	Back at Delta State, where Harris’s achievements brought the school national glory, her funeral was held in the coliseum, which still bears the name of a white supremacist, Walter Sillers. Nothing at the school is named for her.
466	5	Maybe the Rawlin campaign felt like a win because the workers held their majority and finally spoke out about things that bothered them, but I now think that it had more to do with having a choice. All along, Ms. Trosko and the others made choices about what their labor was worth and what they would do with it. They chose to organize together. They chose to strike together. They chose to quit together because they would not use their labor to support a facility that they felt did not care how residents lived or died. The memory care workers did not become a union, but they acted like one.
324	3	In the middle of war, he is asking for poems.
65	6	The recent rash of anti-abortion laws reflects the uncertainty of America’s future. The writing may be on the wall for Roe v. Wade, but when it comes to what happens next, the public might still have a say.
994	2	Of course, concerns over inflation and the recovery of the work force may well turn out to be overwrought. But Mr. Powell faces a very different economy now than he did when he assumed leadership of the Fed in 2018. Today, the balance of risks favors more aggressive tightening — immediately.
408	7	But while it may be rare, the North Carolina voter challenge is no joke. The challengers have a strong case, and Mr. Cawthorn would be foolish to take it lightly.
320	6	When I look back to elementary school, I wonder how different my childhood would have been had my classmates and I known that I wasn’t some tragic anomaly, a strange fluke that needed to be fixed. People in support of the bill always ask, “Why do these subjects need to be taught in schools?” To them I would say that if we understand ourselves, and those around us understand us, so many lives will be saved.
400	4	The discomforting truth is that the United States last year faced a choice between a protracted period of economic pain and an economic recovery whose benefits are temporarily attenuated by high inflation. Mr. Biden made the right choice. But it came at a real price — economically, for the nation, and politically, for him.
989	1	Texas, now, feels a bit like California did when I first moved here in the late 1980s — a thriving, dynamic place where it doesn’t take a lot to establish a good life. For many people, that’s more than enough.
327	5	We may have overlooked North Korea while Mr. Kim was quiet. The latest spate of tests should serve as an alert: It never pays to forget about North Korea.
904	1	In the next edition of this newsletter, I will be talking to people who have lived in the tiny-home villages and who provide a different perspective on why cities across the country have decided to embrace such an expensive, momentary solution.
10	3	A sense of belonging to a greater story is integral to all humans. Disability is a central part of that story — that mix of myth and fact which makes up our family lineages. In imagining a future in which I will certainly be disabled if I am lucky enough to live so long, I have my deaf grandmother to guide me. I have Rhona, in all her taffeta sass, to help me better understand and care for my daughter. And I have Cousin XY. In my dreams, he plays with my daughter in my grandfather’s house. He has her eyes.
27	5	Ukraine is entitled to its sovereignty, no matter who its neighbors happen to be. In the modern era, great countries accept that, and so must Mr. Putin. That is the message undergirding recent Western diplomacy. It defines the difference between a world governed by the rule of law and one answerable to no rules at all.
597	4	I just hope that fossil fuel advocates don’t manage to use the current oil shock to bash climate activists, who bear no responsibility for the mess we’re in.
963	1	Accepting my limitations and allowing myself to once again feel gratitude for the presence and generosity of others has reminded me that I can stretch, too. I’m also capable of sending a text saying “I love you,” or “I miss you,” of extending a hand or, after far too long, a hug. I can finally add space at my table. It’s a joy to feel replenished enough to give again.
212	5	But 2022 isn’t 1980: Inflation hasn’t become entrenched. So while there will surely be some bumps along the way, there’s a pretty good chance that the Fed can let us down easy.
930	4	Some will be volunteers, and some will be vigilantes. But both may be reacting to a similar feeling of free fall, of tumbling. This doesn’t make them morally equivalent; in the end, morality is what keeps them from being equivalent. I know it’s important to keep drawing that distinction, to keep calling it out. I also know it’s not enough.
322	4	Securing a multilateral resolution to the crisis in Ukraine will be a tough and risky challenge, but there is no country better placed to do so than China.
488	5	But there are also lots of countervailing and complicating forces, and the overall picture is genuinely complex — at least as complex, let’s say, as the informant-riddled plot against Gretchen Whitmer. And as with that conspiracy, it’s worth asking whether the people who see potential insurrection lurking everywhere are seeing a danger rising entirely on its own — or in their alarm are helping to invent it.
756	4	The goal of the voter-fraud brigade, it turns out, was never to identify fraud that might have happened in the past; it was to indoctrinate voters with the terror of stolen elections, and to pave the way for a hostile takeover of American democracy in the future.
617	4	“Demography,” she writes in the book, “is not destiny.”
771	4	And the rest of us? This weaponized Supreme Court could reshape American life in profound ways. How the country responds will be the story of the coming months and years.
555	3	Instead, we might strive within ourselves to meet new and better “liberating duties,” to borrow a notion from Joseph Raz. In this case, the duty — for those of us fortunate enough to have the resources — is simply, or not so simply, to eat when we are hungry.
752	6	But if Mr. Assange’s and his colleagues’ methods and motives are sometimes murky — they released numerous documents leaked by an Army private without removing the names of confidential sources, putting lives in danger — his case could set dangerous precedents that could interfere with a free press monitoring the shenanigans of those in power. That should be inviolable.
445	3	Not to worry, your honor. We understand you perfectly.
105	4	I’m not sure where we are with gambling’s cultural trajectory. But every time this playoff season served up another ad for Caesars Sportsbook, it felt like a sign that we’ve accelerated downward, with a long way yet to fall.
710	4	The arrival of Omicron makes it clear that the pandemic is not yet over. But many people are already living as if the postpandemic world had arrived. In a moment like this, setting reasonable expectations is probably the best anti-populist policy any government can adopt. We cannot hope to defeat the pandemic; we will have to learn to live with it.
247	2	Education is part of my family heritage. My father co-founded Sharif University of Technology. My brother Hadi and I launched Code.org, and his leadership has brought computer science to millions of K-12 classrooms. Of course, investing in young people can be lucrative too. An analysis of Y Combinator’s successful investments finds that 75 percent of their market capitalization came from funding technical founders within four years of college. I believe deeply in young technical leaders’ potential to build generational companies, especially with the right support and guidance.
975	6	Mr. Biden should make a clean break with Mr. Trump’s destructive tariffs. The right recipe is simple, though not easy: Support innovation, maintain an environment in which companies can flourish, ensure workers reap the benefits — and stop worrying so much about China.
732	9	But no party is worth risking passing on a deadly disease, Dr. Thomas says: “It’s unethical. It’s unthoughtful, and it’s selfish.”
118	4	For most of its history, the Supreme Court — the 16 years of the Warren court notwithstanding — has been a friend to hierarchy and reaction. Thus, for Americans who want a more equal society, the Supreme Court has been, is and will continue to be an adversary, not an ally. Understanding that fact is the first step toward doing something about it.
165	4	When it comes to the issue of power and politics, the Bidens and McConnells of the world maintain their own affinity group.
964	6	At Glasgow a few self-nominated representatives from a very rich industry laid claim to a special role in shaping the human future. In doing so, they opened a rift. Climate activists were skeptical, noting that many alliance members continue to be involved in financing oil extraction. The bankers of the alliance, on the other hand, seem to believe society is ready to follow their lead. Voters, not bankers, should be the judge of that.
245	5	And while I do not come here to bash the news media, I do feel that we’re missing a big part of the story if we take negative public views of the economy at face value without pointing out that they’re at odds not just with official statistics but also with self-reported experience. And we should try to understand where that disconnect is coming from.
759	1	“The economic side of immigration, although it’s important and interesting and has kept me employed for many years, is not necessarily the thing we need to focus on in thinking about why different people have such different attitudes,” Card said in a 2017 lecture to the College of St. Benedict and St. John’s University in Minnesota.
997	2	After about a year, I will report that while the e-bike has not entirely replaced the need for a car, my wife and I use it quite regularly. The rides I take open up the city and have made me feel less confined by it. Not being chained to a car or the pickup and drop-off area when I take my daughter to school allows me to have better conversations with fellow parents and take my time dropping her off. These benefits should be familiar to anyone who mostly gets around by bicycle, but the specific gift of an e-bike is that it takes away the need for people to be physically fit or even particularly motivated to exercise. If we can’t even envision cities that provide free, fun forms of personal transportation, we may just lack the imagination to address climate change.
608	6	S.B. 8 and copycat legislation around the country are a reminder that Americans’ health and well-being suffer enormously because we’ve allowed political ideology to undermine the foundation of a socially just health care system. Medical services should be accessible and free.
822	3	But today’s numbers neither reinforced nor challenged my beliefs. This report was shockingly unsurprising.
