853	0	Got my first dose of Pfizer 24 hrs ago. Right after the shot felt a slight heat sensation in my arm and very minor dizziness, which subsided in about 10 mins (I believe it was anxiety). Arm started hurting 3 hrs later. Woke up this morning with minor arm soreness and was feeling tired most of the day. Couple of naps later, arm soreness is almost gone and I'm feeling fine overall. 37M
837	-1	24 F. Had a bad feeling about getting the vaccine.  First dose 07/21. Light-headedness and dizziness immediately after. Drove home after the 15 min wait time and wanted to sleep. Was shaky too.   Next day 07/22 (yesterday) felt fine.  Today 07/23. Got my period & its the worst I’ve had in a long time. I also have an allergic reaction on my neck, chest and torso.  I’m terrified of getting the second shot now.
281	0	I got my first dose 10 days ago. I only had a mild sore arm for 2 days then everything went back to normal. Today I woke up with a sore arm again and my shoulder is sore too! Is that normal?
576	0	Completed my second dose last week basically had no side effects other than shot spot sore for a day.   Thusfar my first dose was worse. Arm was sore for 4-5 days after the first dose and i was tired and achy for a day but it wasn't that bad.
209	0	I had a very similar experience, the neck sensation was very odd.
610	0	Thank goodness!
933	-2	Look up narcolepsy and the flu vaccine.... lmfao where do you people even get this stuff?  Traditional vaccines have a long history of causing longterm adverse effects in some people and because of that it is LAW that all vaccines go through a minimum of 12momths of long term followup safety data before they can even be submitted for approval.   That law isn't in place just to make life difficult. It's there because in the past we have caused terrible grievous harm  on individuals.  Now consider the fact that we have NO longterm data at all past the 8 week mark with Pfizer and Modernas mRNA vaccines .  Now consider that we haven't ever done longterm  human safety trials using mRNA in any form prior to the pandemic .
726	0	Got my first one 10 days ago Day one sore at the injection spot and very stiff Day two much better..but my SO had slight fever and sore throat and tired. Day three couldn't even tell I had a shot...my SO still sick. Day 6 I started noticing pain in my armpit same arm as shot..and then noticed the swollen lymph nodes along my collar bone.. three hrs later they hurt to touch and the size of peanuts. My SO is fine now. Day 10 still swollen nodes and tender armpit. I've been having severe allergic reactions to bug bites..never had bad reaction before so I'm assuming it's because of the shot...  Any one else have that reaction?
48	0	I got my second dose on Friday. Saturday I felt like I had low blood sugar all day. I finally felt normal in the evening after eating a small single serving bag of Annie's gummy bunnies. Today, Sunday, I have dizziness and pulsing in my left ear. The injection site isn't sore and I haven't experienced any body aches. I haven't read about these symptoms.
986	0	I have pain in no joints, but really bad pain in my back whenever i use it. I cannot walk without excruciating pain, sitting or lying down is the only way to stop it. I’m not sure what it like for you but i would say for sure it is getting worse every day. Have things improved for you since you posted this?
338	-1	I was fine for the first few days. Just soreness in my arm. Had trouble with my work outs. I reached fatigue much sooner than usual.   Four days later however, I developed severe tinnitus in my right ear. It’s been a week and a half since and I’m still dealing with it. It’s awful. Only had the first shot. Skipping the second one as I am worried about it worsening. Has anyone else dealt with tinnitus after the Pfizer dose?
582	0	yes. still felt like crap this a.m. took another nap and woke up feeling fine. my upper back is now sore randomly but could be unrelated. feels like a squeezing between my ribs, not that bad tho. would rather have that then the rest of the effects i was experiencing
156	0	This stock should actually be 75 stock per guidance and opinions
693	0	No sore throat but some major reflux. Never had it before.
863	-1	So am I financially responsible for all my dr appointments from all the negative Side effects of this vaccine?
791	-1	I’m 24F, generally healthy & exercise regularly. I got my first dose of Pfizer on Thursday 6/3 at 5pm. Immediately felt arm soreness & just felt a little tired that night. Nothing too bad. Friday, Saturday, & Sunday I felt this intense achy pain in my left calf (same side as the arm I got injected). Almost like a cramp, but not really? Idk how to explain it. Also had extreme feelings of depression (like wishing I would die) & bad anxiety. Currently it’s Monday 6/7 - I woke up at about 4am with chills, slight fever, elevated heart rate, nausea, fatigue, a cough, & still sore left calf with additional muscle soreness on my back. Slight sore throat. It’s been a few hours & my fever shot up to 102.6 & a bad cough. Currently can’t leave my bed. I was afraid to get the vaccine for this exact reason. Every doctor I’ve spoke to is accusing me of being exposed to covid before getting vaccinated & claiming my symptoms aren’t normal. So I’m a bit annoyed & freaked out.
573	0	don’t care
242	2	27/F chubby with anxiety and adhd. Got mine yesterday. I’m a needle phobe (I can get a flu shot if I decide to go like that day).  I almost fainted in my car after receiving the shot. Thank goodness for a nice understanding nurse and an observation period because I hate needles! Had a sore arm pretty much right away (expected that). Also was thirsty but was also expecting that. Was tired but ran small errands afterwards.   12-24 hours after has felt kinda like a cold/flu or hangover. Been really tired and it’s been hard to focus but I worked. Pretty much have had a little nausea, intermittent 99 F, slight congestion I recognize from stress/allergies, and tiredness all day. Only taken tums for symptoms.   Trying to go to bed much earlier than usual and hope it clears up soon!  Regardless I actually can’t wait to be able to work on campus again (I’m in education), and am super grateful to be called to get mine.
993	1	Just tried to look up that insta lol. Unfollow that account if it exists, it’s most likely antivax and is meant to scare you. (And that’s if you yourself aren’t posting this to be antivax) Sure, side effects we post on here are fucky but it’s not generally bad or lethal
789	0	glad to know you are better now. I suggest you check with your doctor before getting the 2nd shot!
981	0	Whoa I had to go to the ER after my 2nd Pfizer for palpitations and mild heart pain. Tests came back clear but with low potassium too! 2 weeks later I'm slowly feeling much better, mostly. My immune system is pretty sharp, so my side effects made a lot of sense. (30F, healthy) Glad to see you're feeling better!
499	0	Feelin’ the fog. Also, moderate injection sight soreness seems to be an understatement.
108	-2	The vaccine is not approved by the FDA for safety or efficacy. There is no one liable for any adverse side effects or allergic reactions to the vaccines. You are basically volunteering to be a lab rat.
768	0	Got my second dose today, 5 hours ago.   Some small soreness, other than that I feel fine. I made sure to eat an hour before my shot and drank at least 3 cups of water as well.   I still get some minor pins and needles (the occasional pin prick here and there, mostly in feet and fingers but sometimes legs or arms but only one place at a time, nothing really bad). I had some blood work done after my first dose and my doctor said I was good with my results, nothing he's worried about.  I'll update in a few days.
840	-1	Hi, I got the first shot on 03/31/21 and had the symptoms you are describing after 2-3 days. Today I still have them intermittently although not as intense. I never got the 2nd shot.
932	0	I'm three days post vaccine (2nd dose). The first dose went fine, only some soreness in my arm. Second dose I had at 9:30am Tuesday, and that evening I developed low grade fever and began experiencing flu-like feelings of strong body aches, fatigue, lack of appetite. This lasted through Wednesday and by Thursday the fever and body aches went away.  What's sticking with me now is horrible fatigue and ongoing heart palpitations, some of them really strong. The heart thing concerned me so much I saw my doctor today. She ran an EKG which was normal. Wouldn't you know there were no palpitations while the machine was running? But she said my resting heart rate was faster than normal, and my blood pressure's a little higher than normal. But not alarmingly so. What I neglected to tell her was that when I exert myself just a little, like climbing a flight of stairs, my heart starts pounding. She doesn't seem concerned though since there's no chest pain, but it kind of worries me. Maybe it's just because this is so unusual for me. Has anyone else experienced this?
301	0	How’d it go?
387	0	Thanks for the heads up, I’m already really sensitive to spice so I’ll be extra bland after my next shot.
491	0	I got first dose on 4/20 I felt tired and slight headache. Then 5 days later I have had headaches, exhaustion and slight nausea.   How long does this last? Anybody have similar symptoms?
919	0	2nd dose: headache;  pain in vaccination area for 1 day only. 33, male
50	-1	I know my country is the most in the world in the percentage of vaccines per 100 people but I still do not get vaccinated because there are still studies if the disease causes ADE.
217	0	If you were interested in facts, you would also state the percentage of people who had reactions to the vaccine. It's true you stated facts, just that you did not state them as part of an argument made "in good faith", as it's known. It's ok, almost nobody takes the time to do this anymore, so role models are hard to find. Your argument contains extreme bias.
888	0	Headache for 1 day
74	0	Did you get the second one?
126	-2	He died from the vaccine. Read the news. It’s also explained in depth by a physician on YouTube!!!
566	0	Second dose I had a 103 fever for 36 hours and thought I had actually contracted covid somehow that’s how bad I felt. I had swine flu about 2 years ago and that was a walk in the park compared to how I felt after the vaccine. I was relieved once I confirmed with my doctor that this was on the unfortunate side of normal. Hope this helps someone who might be having the same experience.
263	0	I had my 2nd dose yesterday at 11 am Felt fine all day, at night I started to feel sick as if I Was coming down with the flu. This morning I couldn't get out of bed, I had extreme fatigue, nausea, pain all over my body and headaches. Started feeling better at noon today and was able to eat some lunch. Hopefully tomorrow it'll be all over.
718	0	20 year old who just received their first dose.  The day before the vaccine i went to the gym and was sore after but nothing on this level.  First hour after getting vaccine: virtually nothing. Was able to walk back home for 35 mins with no issues.  Few hours after the vaccine: full body pain. specifically in my shoulders, my neck, my thighs.   Im currently writing this just over 12 hours after the injection and it feels like a nightmare. I'll keep this updated as i let you know how it continues.
597	0	Been maybe a week since the 2nd shot, if I didn’t feel any symptoms by now I should be fine right? Don’t wanna be chilling then like near the second week I’m in bed feeling bad lol
670	0	yes it all went away! I’m totally fine :)
310	0	Today is Tuesday. First shot was Friday night, so four days ago. Initial reaction was just sore arm/neck area and some fatigue. But starting Monday evening, my heart rate shoots up when I just walk a few steps. After walking up or down the stairs I feel wiped out and my heart rate is like 110 or higher. My chest is tightening and painful. Today was ok but got worse and I had to just lie down and not move to get my heart rate down. I have asthma and took a few hits off my inhaler but it didn’t help for chest tightness. This is a really weird feeling because my lungs feel as if I’m recovering from a massive coughing event (feels “bruised” and tight) but the “event” never happened, just the tightness and discomfort. I’m not obese; I could loose a few but still “normal weight”. I’m used to walking and yoga so my problems with the stairs aren’t due to pre-vaccine factors. I was just wondering if other asthmatics were having weird symptoms and delayed reaction(3-4 days after shot). Just wondering how long this will last.
804	0	Got my first one today. I was very scared of a possible allergic reaction even tho I never had one.   Now it's 7 hours after, nothing so far beside little sore arm if I move it up. Let's see what happens tonight, I'll be hypochondriac for at least 48 hours :P waiting and a bit worried for something to happen  update: after almost 2 weeks I had no side effects beside little sore arm the first day and the day after, let's hope the same will be with the second dose.
878	1	Your source? I don’t need such a reaction from clearly an anti vaxxer. Goodbye.
849	0	I know, it's a nightmare. My GP insisted I take the second one so I'll be doing so on his advice and hope that the reaction isn't the same next time around.
581	0	Hey how are you feeling now, did the dizzy symptoms from the vaccine go away? & how
865	0	Shit man, good luck with it all!
448	0	Ok so I got the first dose two saturdays ago. It’s been a week and feel with like fever. I sweat, drink theraflu and feel better but then it comes back. It’s been decreasing but I really feel like I’m the only one with symptoms for over a week.
485	0	Hey are you doing fine now?
419	0	Hi. I havnt had the continued sore throat so unfortunately I can't shed any light on that. I was back up and running within a week
148	0	12-14 days until ~50% immunity.
557	2	Haven't seen anyone post anything in a while. Rec'd 2nd dose Saturday 5/22 ..female 39 yr old.. Smoker... But healthy otherwise..  So far no adverse reactions other than a slight soreness in my arm at the injection site.. Which is almost gone today..The 2nd dose the injection actually stung a little bit more than the first but that totally could be due to me tensing up a little right before she gave me the shot. I hope this helps anyone whos gaslighting themselves or anxious over getting 2nd dose. Good luck and thank you for vaccinating yourself and helping protect others along with yourself.
324	0	Got my first shot almost 24 hours ago. So far so good. Little bit of a lingering headache but nothing major. 🙏🏼
38	0	CDC says you should try to get it as close to the 3 week interval as possible, but up to 6 weeks is fine. Good luck with your surgery.
587	-1	5 days post vaccine and I have almost the same issues idk how long this is going to last I feel like I fucked up jumping the gun and taking this vaccine I don’t know what to do I honestly just want to go back to normal but I can’t I feel like I’m stuck with these strange joint aches that come and go. Just most recently felt the tiredness today similar to the first day I got the shot.
439	0	Maybe you had a different virus
410	0	How are you feeling now?
53	0	33/F I got the first dose Wednesday morning. Immediately after- absolutely nothing, went straight back to work   Wednesday evening-a little sore at the injection side but very mild  Thursday morning- just a little sore at the injection site, Thursday evening- shoulder slightly sore but also mild and manageable.
600	0	Without insurance Pfizer is $2.59 each dose at Walgreens in Texas with insurance I paid $0.00
688	0	How about you have you followed up with ur cardiologist or are your complaints non chest related
880	0	With all that in mind it would be impossible to say with any certainty what the longterm side effects might be and that coming from an immunologist
717	0	For me it’s more like abdomen related… pain, sickness with no appetite… I’m having some blood tests done tomorow
244	0	Also, the Flu vacc is free to most people who are insured. It's not exactly a shocking concept?
132	0	Tysm!
563	0	1st vaccine (5/1): 0-4 hours after, no side effects. At exactly 4 hours later, I got a sore arm. It mostly went away the next day (5/2) around the afternoon. By Monday (5/3), it was completely gone. I would say that I was tired for about 2 days later. It’s difficult to say because my allergies have been brutal the past month, so I don’t know if I have a headache from that or the vaccine, haha. Otherwise, I’m doing ok.
220	0	I got my vaccine this morning and 100% think the anxiety around being with a bunch of people and getting the shot is probably making me feel way worse than the shot itself.
96	0	Q4 Report has past... any clues to why $PFE is still around the same #
809	0	Had my first jab on the 18th and my arm was sore the next day. 7 days after the jab I found that my lymph node on the collarbone on the side of my injection was swollen. Also started to feel pretty sick during this time. The arm pain returned too but in a different area
83	0	So happy to hear someone had a similar experience though I'm sorry you felt ill! I also had delayed symptoms to 3-5 days after and they're still here now 10 days after first dose/5 days after symptom onset
697	-1	Hey guys! About 8-9 days after my first vaccine, am getting really big bruises on my upper arms mainly, has anyone suffered from that too? And 11 days in, i still have insomnia keep waking up in the middle of the night… writing this at almost 6:00 am now, am getting pretty frustrated with this…
307	0	I got my first shot on 2/24, 6 days ago, and I am *exhausted*.  Thoroughly.  Even went and got tested for covid yesterday just to make sure and PCR came back negative.  Hoping this fatigue goes away soon.  Wondering if anyone else has experienced lingering fatigue.
957	-2	I’m not your sweetie. These are not vaccines. If you get the jab, you are taking an experimental drug not FDA approved for safety or efficacy. Good luck 👍🏼
145	-1	Same here. I am really started to regret it and now I don’t know if I want to get the 2nd shot. I received my shot on February 4th and only had the arm pain for about 2-3 days. Then I started to have symptoms around the 9th and 10th. The symptoms consisted of very bad migraines, nausea, and tiredness. I have been getting motion sick from riding in the car and on plane rides which I have never had happen before. My symptoms are still here 18 days after the first dose and 13 days after symptom onset. At this point I’m started to get scared it won’t go away and don’t know what to do. It is making life miserable for me. 😔
1000	0	keep us posted if it clears up or not. thanks
416	1	Got my second dose of Pfizer last night. Today, I've felt chills, fever, joint pain, even vomit. Supposedly, these are symptoms  that you have a strong immune system and that the Vaccine is working. Everyone is different, but I would avoid working the next day you get second dose.
549	0	My husband was testing my arm for something because he saw some video. Didn't find it. I told him to stop watching crazy videos.
5	0	Israel Pfizer data from 500,000 people: from the first shot. (1) NEGATIVE  effectiveness until day 8 (Speculation: People less cautious) (2) ZERO effectiveness until day 14 (3) Increase day-by-day to ~90% at day 21 (4) No further increase after day 21.   Original clinical study did not track after day 18. (Recommends 2nd shot in 21 days).
705	0	Thank you for your kind words. I ended up going to urgent care, and that Dr. said it was vaccine side effects, then I got a primary care Dr. and she said it was coincidental, took x-rays, nothing broken. The pain is still there, and I have worries that it will be for awhile. How about yourself? Hope yours is better.
708	1	11 days ago I got my first dose. Same night had pains in the upper arm where the dose was given. My wife had exactly the same. Felt stiff and hurted when moving the arm. The day after my first dose + about 2 days  I was noticeably more tired. But still managed to bike a lot. It costed more energy than usual but wasn't a bother for me at all. The fatigue dropped after the third day. The day after only before noon experienced some pains but it faded. Since then nothing to report whatsoever !   It seems like your body has some work to do, kinda logical, and maybe give your body needs more time to just recover from this? All in all, I wish you better with more energy & better workouts again.
144	0	5 days after my first Pfizer vaccine I started getting small waves of dizziness. 3 days after that they became severe and the vomiting started. It was so bad I could not even stand up and could not stop throwing up. Husband actually had to call 911! Was admitted and given fluids and anti nausea. I could not even open my eyes forv2 days without throwing up. Cat scan. MRI, blood work all ok.  Dr said could very well be vertigo brought on by vaccine even though no live virus in vaccine your body doesn't know that. There is a viral type of vertigo.  Went for second vaccine since doc said better than getting covid. I actually had two days feeling better after 2nd shot but now back to waves of dizziness but thankfully no nausea.  Some episodes put me in bed, bad ringing in ears and feeling like crap. Tinnitus is constant but gets worse with bad dizzy spells.  Doc prescribed Meclizine but it makes me feel worse and does nothing for dizziness. It's been a month of this now! Very difficult to work. Can't even walk the dog! I spend most of my day working in bed on my laptop. I just try to cram everything I need to do in between waves. I'm pretty tough and have been fighting through but it is really getting hard not to cry! To top it all off, I am also packing the house to move next week 18 hrs away! Can't even drive so hubby will have to take full brunt.  Anyone else having this severe dizziness? How long did it last?
270	1	For those who had bad side effects after the 1st shot, did you have COVID at any point? I’ve heard that side effects after the 1st are typically due to the person having COVID previously.
927	0	Sorta yes . Did you ever get the second ?
480	0	got my first dose of Pfizer vaccine on Friday night. no side effects besides a sore arm the following day.
285	-2	Ya want to go into anaphylactic shock or suffer from Bell’s palsy or 🤔 what other side effects will show up in months or years after your allowed yourself to be injected with a drug that has not been approved for safety or efficacy by the FDA? Thalidomide caused thousands of deaths and miscarriages and limb deformities. It was marketed under a different name by the pharmaceutical companies but JFK sought legislation to add more oversight of the FDA because of that FDA approved drug prescribed as a sedative to pregnant women!!!
890	-1	My first jab was Pfizer and the government is now forcing Moderna on us just to get rid of the inventory in Toronto, Canada. They will say anything just to make you believe mixing is scientific even though they are full of 💩。Any suggestions?
952	1	I’m on the fence the same as your first comment. What ultimately convinced you to get it? The first one hasn’t really had any effect on me, but I keep hearing more and more horror stories about the 2nd.   Doesn’t help that I live with anti vaxers who won’t shut up about conspiracies…
295	0	I really didn’t experience many side effects other than 10/10 pain in my arm at the injection site 48 hours post vaccine. I relieved my second dose January 10th. I am a healthcare worker and work with immunocompromised babies, so I was vaccinated through work. It is now March and I am still experiencing intermittent pain in my deltoid. It doesn’t bother me daily, but I’ve noticed after any type of repetitive activity, sleeping on that side, I have a constant dull, almost achy pain. I cannot do full ROM with my left arm without some type of pain, whether mild or severe. I was not given any information about reporting symptoms, and am not even sure if this is something I should report since it comes and goes. Anyone hear of anything similar?
951	0	Only that day…just a few instances of it and it went away within less than a minute each time
14	-2	You’re kidding, right?!! Lol 😂 There is not one Covid vaccine on that list!!! 🤣🤣🤣
706	0	Yes. I still have them every day but they have gotten bearable. My headache specialist doc thinks they come from neck pain. I have 4 bulging disks in my neck.
516	-1	I’m 2 weeks from the first dose and I’m still having issues. I’ve been getting random quick head aches and chest pain this week 3 separate times in different places. Right after the vaccine I noticed a hard time breathing and still feel I’m not fully back to normal. I’m supposed to get my second vaccine next Friday, but I got a bad feeling about it
752	0	Lmao RIP
357	1	Was super worried about getting the vaccine due to so many folks having rough experiences! Also I have a huge fear of getting shots!!! I got my first dose yesterday and it took a minute for the anxiety related wooziness to go away. A few hours in, it sort of felt like I was almost high, Heavy and my brain seemed not really foggy but somewhat loopy?! Drank some emergen-c and noticed my arm started to feel sore at the ejection sight. I felt a little warm but cold, maybe a low grade fever but nothing crazy or too noticeable at all. Cold felt colder too. Everything else was normal. I went to bed and my arm was pretty sore and I was super tired, like I did a huge hike and took a bong hit lol. I slept like a baby and felt good this morning! Arm was sore the whole day but nothing else. I took some ibuprofen and  my arm is feeling much better. I hope this eases some minds! Happy earth day! Make sure you’re hydrated, have some soup on hand, and rest.
122	0	I had the same reaction to the 2nd dose... fever 102, chills, really bad muscle aches and joint pain, aaaand massive axillary lymph node swelling on injection site side... like the size of a cue ball. It’s gone down since onset on Friday, but it has been rough.
622	0	https://healthfeedback.org/claimreview/flawed-speculative-study-incorrectly-claims-that-mrna-covid-19-vaccines-cause-neurodegenerative-diseases/
910	0	1st dose :  arm starting becoming sore after 2hr and peaked at 30th hr (1 day, 6 hrs) in which i could not sleep because of irritating pain (about 3 out of 10, so its not crazy pain, just a dull irritating pain that won't let me sleep properly). After peaking on 30th hour, felt not sore, and currently at 48th hour (2 days), and soreness is at 0.5 out of 10.  during this period of time, 2 pangs of breathlessness (similar feeling to my bout of pneumonia earlier this year) plus 2 clear "heartbeat skips". I have not had them for some time, and am certain they are due to the vaccine.  Otherwise, it seems all is fine.
896	-1	Also. Two months? That’s ridiculous. Also, that’s the time I’ll be having the second dose. I’m not then going through this again for 2-3 months ffs.   Tbf I might just not have a second dose of anything. I’ve lived with and shared a bed with people who were positive for COVID and never tested positive myself, nor ever been sick. So I don’t see the point Tbf. The only thing that’s made me unwell is the bloody vaccine itself.
984	0	My 1st dose was uneventful except for a little bit of arm soreness and I could even go climbing the next day. Yesterday I had my 2nd dose and oh my, I feel like I'm dying. My head hurts like hell, I have a low-grade fever and chills. At night I couldn't move my vaccine-arm for several hours so I just laid there, unable to even get up. Now my whole body hurts, muscles, joints, skin, everything. Every tiny little move sends such sharp pain through my body that I want to cry. I also feel very tired Never had vaccine side effects like this before. My mum had the same side effects when she got hers. I hope the pain will go away, otherwise I'll have to call in sick tomorrow...
473	-1	I’m not here to argue.  You asked about approved and authorization... they are not FDA approved. Studying doesn’t mean that they are safe ...it says they “may...”.   Good luck
478	-1	I don't blame you. I got the second for the hopefully increased longevity but now they're talking about a third. That'll be no for me.
864	0	Hey quick question, after two weeks of getting vaccinated I felt fine, but all of a sudden I felt fatigue and no motivation to do anything. All of sudden I had anxiety and panic attacks out of nowhere. This was followed with random intrusive thoughts that kept on bothering me. I didn’t have fever or aches, but just panic attacks and severe anxiety with nightmares. Did you experience something somewhat similar?
956	0	I got my first jab on June 4. The same evening I only experienced minor pain on injected area and I felt warm not feverish. Next several days pain on injected area disappearing. Nothing serious except feeling very tired during the day to the extent on dozing off. Weird dream every night and actually remember details. Then 21 days later . .. One evening after dinner my right thumb was SWOLLEN suddenly as if it was hit by a hammer. My thumb size increased by 50% like half a ballon. I was freaking out so I took some antihistamine and pain killer.  The swellness disappeared after 48 hours. Following that I woke up one morning and had a very stiff neck. It was so painful and stiff that I could not turn my head. The stiffness and pain was on the right side. Then I had throat pain. I don’t call it a sore throat because it was not same as you normally get when you have a cold. It was isolated on one spot. At the same time inside my ear hurt. Back of my head hurt. Scalp hurt when you touched it. Back of ear outside my ear hurt. All on the right side. My jab was on my left arm. The head pain I experienced was not the same as headache I normally have. And that’s not the end of it. I suddenly developed skin inflammation/blister on my right shoulder, behind my neck and ear.  That started a few days ago. I went back to the pharmacist where I got my vaccination and asked the pharmacist. She kept assuring me that these were not side effects. I started taking a lot of painkiller and put cortisone cream on the flare up area. Then suddenly today my pain went away 80% and my skin infection is disappearing. Having all these weird things happening all at the same time made me wonder if these are the side effects from vaccination.
296	0	Yes, the brain fog, sluggishness, and random tiredness lasted about four days for me
730	0	Did you get the second dose and was the ear ringing back after second dose?
379	0	After my first dose i was good that day, the next day I felt hotter than usual and lethargic along with pain at the site. It got better as the day went on.
642	1	I’m exactly the same. Got it yesterday around lunch. Fever, chills, headache, can’t move my arm. It’s not even 4 am where I’m at right now and I can’t sleep. Debating whether or not I should just get up for the day.   I hydrated like *crazy* and always take vitamins. Didn’t matter. I’m talking like 4 Gatorades and 4 or 5 seltzers and a few bottles yesterday and the day before until bed.  Hang in there! We’ll make it to the other side shortly.
754	2	I was pretty nervous about my second dose after reading this thread but happy to report that while I definitely had moderate side effects, they weren't as severe as some on here!  I had my jab at around 1:45pm, started to feel a little tired around 5pm but struggled to get to sleep that night - not due to pain/discomfort but just that feeling of insomnia.   Woke up the next morning with a headache and feeling pretty fatigued. Spent the day on the couch with not much relief from the headache and fatigue, and also getting sweaty on and off throughout the day. Insomnia persisted that night.  The morning after that (2nd day after the jab) I still felt a little off - tired, headache and on/off sweats. The fatigue and headache lingered for the next couple of days but wasn't anything I couldn't handle. Finally got a decent night of sleep three days post-vax and I've felt fine since then (I'm now 10 days post).  The intensity of my symptoms wasn't unbearable but they did linger beyond the usual 24 hours most people report. The insomnia and headache were probably the most frustrating for me.  Sending good vibes to everyone due for their second dose - might be an uncomfortable recovery but I imagine COVID would be much much worse!
59	1	Totally fine! My arm was slightly sore (like a flu shot) but I didn’t have to take any medicine or anything. I go for my second shot on the 25th!
799	0	Hey how are you doing ? I also been having joint pain 2 months now since the vaccine my doctor doesn't think it's related now reading this gives it a confirmation. I hope.your better.
372	0	Not yet at least.  One of my hands felt really weird today though. I don’t know if tingly is the right word but it was like...I don’t know just weird lol
272	2	But it is approved though, emergency authorization is still approval and since it was approved it's been administered and shown to be effective in preventing sickness and severe sickness.
975	-1	Hey guys! I got my first vaccine on 23.06.2021 I was only feeling tired one day and then I my arm was hurting for 3 days. After this “all normal”. But I would like to say, i experienced 1 week pain in my vagina after this. Yea, maybe sounds too graphic but it is like this. It didn’t felt normal there again… I’m getting my second dose this 3 August. I’m scared… I don’t know if I should take it.
170	0	I also find that the fatigue is random too. You'll come out of your fog/tiredness soon!
240	0	How long after did you have dizziness? I’m about 30 hours out from my first shot and feeling very lightheaded. It’s making me a bit nervous..but, dizziness is also a common anxiety symptom of mine. So, idk.
208	0	Update?
359	0	I wasn’t expecting to get hit so hard by this! 30, female. I got my second dose at 4:30pm yesterday. Felt fine, arm was a little sore. Went to bed but couldn’t sleep, just tossed and turned. About 12 hours into it at 4:45am I got bad body aches and headache. Also some nausea. Been dealing with the body aches and headache all day. Chills and feverish on and off, highest my temp has read is 99.5, I’m usually in the 97 range. Haven’t taken anything yet but if it doesn’t get better by this evening I’ll take some Tylenol so I can get some sleep. Grateful it’s Sunday as I haven’t left the bed!  For reference, I felt completely fine after the first shot. Maybe slightly flushed but hardly even had arm pain.  Edit: just took my temp again, almost 24 hours in. New high is 100.7 hoping it doesn’t climb any higher  Edit: took some Tylenol 28 hours in. Finally felt some relief and was able to sleep through the night. Feel way better this morning. Very exhausted still though like I could definitely spend all day sleeping and slight headache. Winded if I do too much (like walk upstairs).
875	0	Awesome, I've stocked up on coconut water, bananas, magnesium chloride flakes, sea salt and mineral water, lol. Taking extra care with the overall nutrition, trying to get lots of safe sun exposure and relaxation.   I've heard of menstrual cycles getting messed up, but it's likely temporary. Mine was naturally pain-free before the 1st and 2nd shots, but have gotten much more painful, though the timing is regular. Magnesium supplement (oral and/or transdermal) seems to help a lot. We're going to be okay!
601	0	I got my second dose 3 days ago, the first 12 hours were fine but that night I woke up shivering! My body temperature reached 40C and the fever lasted around 36-48 hours. I generally was fatigued, nauseous and couldn’t move, now these all seemed like normal symptoms to me and they aren’t supposed to last long which luckily they haven’t. But now my body suddenly started to itch like crazy, and whenever I would scratch I got this weird red mark and sometimes white spots! Seems like a skin allergy and I haven’t changed ANYTHING in my daily routine, I known for a fact it’s a side effect but I don’t know if this is going to remain long term. Please I can’t sleep at night because of sudden headaches and itching on my body, has anyone else experienced this and am I supposed to see a doctor?
510	0	did you end up getting your second??
435	0	I've been looking for similar issues but it's hard to find any posts regarding late and strong responses to it.  Got my first Pfizer shot on March 22. Only had a sore arm most of the week. On the 26th(last Friday) I had a slight sore throat and body temp at 99F.  By that weekend I had body aches but fever was gone.  This week I started to have a strong cough and it's been getting worse to the point I can't sleep. No other symptoms besides respiratory.  Feels like I have some serious bronchitis and an asthmatic attack. I deal with allergic asthma and regular allergies so it is really wrecking me. I'm currently taking Allegra, Mucinex and an albuterol inhaler and it's not enough. Might need to go to urgent care if it gets any worse.  [Recording of cough](http://imgur.com/gallery/FNciGfE)
586	1	They say if you are sick of the second one your immune system is working ok. I will get mine next week.
35	0	See I can tell if I was just fatigued because I just finished an intensive month-long class or if it was because I had the vaccination.
635	0	I’m feeling the same thing it’s a chest pressure and tiredness in my legs
434	0	47/m Just got the second dose at 11 am. Hoping for the best. I’ll keep you updated.
312	0	Second dose has been terrible. I even chugged triple my body weight in water for two days prior.  (I heard that helps prevent the side effects). Wrong! feels like the flu. Took about 12-15 hours for symptoms to show up. Headache, freezing, then hot and sweating, body aches, massive fatigue. Heard it lasts only one day.. hopefully
702	0	Hey man, first I wanna say that I totally believe you. I had my 2nd dose more then 2 weeks ago and everyday I feel so fucking bad. But you said that cardiologist said that your heart is okay so have you considered this to be anxiety related? Just take a xanax when you feel bad. Its worth to try. Hope you will be okay soon and good luck!
476	1	First dose yesterday 33/m only side effect sore arm. I was a ball of anxiety leading up to getting vaccine and considered backing out. I was literally worried about nothing. I feel great today. Hopefully anyone who is worried can have this same realization I had because it took about 10 seconds and it was all over with. Everyone in the waiting lobby was also fine. No one started growing any extra limbs or anything. Don’t let the horror stories worry you.
332	0	Hey how did everything go with your heart monitor? I experienced bad heart racing tonight about 30 mins after my shot. It’s more 2 and half hours later and it’s still slightly elevated. I’m drinking tons of water but I’m scared
474	0	Got mine yesterday at 3pm. I felt fine (a little sore in the arm) but around 4am started getting major chills and noticed temp going up (normal temp is around 97.4). Chills subsided about 3 hours later, and temp was going up. By 9am it was at 99.9.   Around 11 it started dropping and I took ibuprofen to help with muscle soreness.
616	0	20F. Got my first dose today, about 7 hours ago. I have an immense phobia for needles, but honestly this was SOOOOOOO quick and painfree I had to laugh at myself for stressing about it so much. No side effects as of now, except for very minimal muscle pain in the area of the injection. Other than that, nothing. Maybe slightly tired but I’ve been a little tired the past 3 days so 🤷🏼‍♀️ If any new side effects emerge, I’ll edit this comment.  Edit: so I just woke up, I got the jab about 18 hours ago now and I feel really great and as normal as usually. But the pain in the injection place is a lot more though, but nothing unusual for a vaccine. I have a very low pain tolerance and this isn’t even bad enough to take a pain killer. So far so good.  Edit nr 2: it’s been 1 full day and 5 hours now and still nothing. I think it’s safe to say I experienced 0 side effects from the first shot except for a sore arm that is mostly gone now. I hope dose 2 won’t hit me like a truck.
8	0	Hi all,  sorry if this question sounds weird but I’m serious.   I had my first dose yesterday, like most of you - sore at the arm and feeling fatigued / brain foggy today on day 2.   With a year long lockdowns and living alone I’ve taken up to enjoying a moderate amount of beer every evening while watching a new movie.   Has anyone had any side effects/complications of consuming beer / alcohol after the first dose?  Thanks and stay safe!
422	0	I’m still having some mild joint pain 13 days out.  Did you experience this?  Did it completely go away before your second shot?
267	0	Just got my first dose today. I tested positive for Covid-19 on 11/11/20, which was a nightmare. I’m hoping I don’t have to go through all those symptoms again (migraines, fever, muscle aches, loss of taste and extreme exhaustion. My husband received the Moderna one yesterday, and he says he feels like he has Covid all over again.
57	-1	THERE IS NOT ONE FDA APPROVED VACCINE
385	1	Love to hear that! I have been hearing some people say give it up to 14 days so that gives me hope. Weirdly my arm pain is almost gone but still just exhausted and having body aches. Thank you I hope I get my energy back soon like you did 💖
184	0	I got the 1st dose. Slight sore throat started during the first 15 minutes. It is so slight that I thought it was just my illusion. 3 hours later, the sore throat became obvious, so I believe it is caused by the vaccine. The sore throat make my ears uncomfortable too. The pain is not severe than a that of a cold. Nothing else except my anxious nerves. (I am a coward)
392	0	How was your health before the shot?   I would like to know if severe side effects has something to do with health or anything else.   Do you have a explanation?
872	0	29/M - very fit (athlete)  1st Dose: 4 weeks ago. No symptoms really. Just some minor deltoid pain.   2nd Dose: Administered yesterday….12 hours later I am wrecked. Fever/chills (38,2C/102F). Super elevated heart rate. Usually my RHR is 45. At the moment it is 74bpm. I will update as the hours/day goes by with additional paragraphs below….  24 hours after second dose - fever still there but slightly better. Have some leg muscle/joint pain (not sure if this is to do with the vaccine because I’m also a semi-pro cyclist). I think it’s the vaccine.  3-5 days after second dose - no fever. But have headaches/nausea on the regular. It’s getting better but still slightly conceding. Hope it goes away soon!
201	0	Yup, seems so
101	-1	🐀🐀🐀 I’m not anti vaccine. I’m pro FDA APPROVAL before injecting my body with anything the pharmaceutical companies have zero liability for!!!
60	-1	I just came to Reddit to see if others were experiencing the same thing. I received my shot on February 4th and only had the arm pain for about 2-3 days. Then I started to have symptoms around the 9th and 10th. The symptoms consisted of very bad migraines, nausea, and tiredness. I have been getting motion sick from riding in the car and on plane rides which I have never had happen before. My symptoms are still here 18 days after the first dose and 13 days after symptom onset. At this point I’m started to get scared it won’t go away and don’t know what to do. It is making life miserable for me. 😔
495	0	>I’ll send some positive vibes your way  Proof of 5G
895	0	My thumb was swollen and severe neck pain
147	0	That’s awesome!
686	2	Temp changes as in the normal day to day temp change (not body temp). I dont know but my nose gets stuffy with rhinitis... And I get cough fits on occassion. Anyway, glad you got better! And that you're part of the pop who got vaxxed! :)
397	0	Pretty similar experience after 2nd dose for me, so far. Been in bed with a fever / chills. I had the vaccine yesterday morning, and all day yesterday I had almost no side effects other than slight soreness. Very late last night I started getting a headache followed by chills. Made it difficult to sleep. The fever is relatively low (100) but still enough to put me out of commission. Not expecting this to last longer than today.  Forgot to add also, muscle pain. It feels like a mild flu.
894	0	I’m sorry 26 million Americans don’t have health insurance but the government has the people believing they care about us dying from covid.  Some people work just to get health insurance post retirement. I agree with you. It sucks!!!
317	0	Got the first poke 8 days ago. No immediate reaction -  no pain at all. On day 2 I had arm soreness and some mild fatigue that persisted through day 3 (especially in the evening). Woke up with mild gastrointestinal symptoms on day 3 as well. I want to stress that all of these side effects were mild. No further symptoms after day 3. My wife got her first shot a day after me and experienced the exact same progression. We are both totally fine now (early 40s, good health).
177	0	Documenting my experience.  M/21  First shot:  Absolutely no symptoms.  Sore arm the day after the shot, but then quickly subsided.  Second shot:  Day 1: About two hours after, my arm started to get sore, which was sooner than the first shot.  Day 2: Woke up around 4:00 a.m. with chills and aches.  Didn't take my temperature until 6:00 a.m. which was 100.8F.  By 9:00 a.m. I felt substantially better with a fever of 99.7F.  by 3:00 p.m. I still felt fatigued with a temperature of 99.3F.  9:00 p.m. I felt almost 100% back to normal, just a little more tired than usual.  I'll keep this updated as it progresses.  I'm also happy to answer any questions!
181	0	Hmmmm WWII was not a million years ago. Some veterans would take serious offense at your lack of respect!!!
835	0	I got my second dose on Sunday, just had very sore arm pain, next morning I felt like I couldn’t get out of bed, later that day I was achy, sore, and just not feeling good. Next day I woke up feeling much better, but later that day got insanely tired. Today day 3 wasn’t too bad, I felt just about 100% again but a little tiredness still. It wasn’t too bad, but I have really bad health anxiety and idk why but that myocarditis thing is scaring meee, I’m 20 years old and female, not to mention I know that side effect is very rare but stuff like that just scares me
767	0	Best of luck!
20	-2	I’m so sorry 😢 I keep trying to get the word out that THAT vaccine is not approved by the FDA for safety or efficacy!!! Anyone getting it is trusting the pharmaceutical companies with their life and you can’t sue ANYONE for damages!!! Authorization is not FDA approved!!! Please tell everyone because the pharmaceutical companies are laughing all the way to the bank. Why do people SUDDENLY believe they give a shit about anything except profits?!!  I’m so sorry for your loss!!!!
807	0	Hey how are you, is your son feeling better now? Any shortness of breath still
69	0	Here is the pattern of the Big guys. They buy later shares at the end of the day then sell them premarket the next day. They are trying to short the stock down to 33. We need to turn the tide on them. The little players need to gain control.
796	0	will do, thank you!
454	0	Almost three days then I woke up feeling completely fine. Went from lying in bed to hiking five miles. I hope yours dissipates even quicker!
232	0	First shot yesterday! First hour didn’t really feel anything to be honest, just felt like all the other vaccines I’ve had in the past. It’s been 24 hours now and all I have is the expected sore arm. Guess I’m lucky? Just a little bit surprised they told us we’re getting our next dose in 4 months rather than the original 2 weeks.
617	0	Anyone else experience stomach cramps or diarrhea since their first shot?? I had the stomach cramps since my first dose and the day after my second dose my stomach was cramping a bit but now I’m fine it seems to come and go really. Also some diarrhea after the first dose but it’s gone away and I haven’t experienced it with the 2nd dose.
54	-2	You are a lab rat 🐀 for a vaccine that has not been approved for safety or efficacy by the FDA AND you can still get covid. If you have long term disability or side effects, you can’t sue ANYONE!!!
247	0	How was your experience after the second dose?
914	0	has it gone away for you? the metallic taste showed up shortly after my vaccination,  its possibly subsiding now... (day 3)
710	0	I feel much better now after my second dose, i received it last wednesday
815	1	Hey sorry! Just read your comment and I am still suffering every single day unfortunately. I'm sure most people will think I'm just some anti-vaccer but I'm honestly not, the CDC is not reporting these side effects and I'm just here sharing my experience so far and also to let others like you know you're not alone!
24	0	Mine is gone now, but it got to the size of a cue ball and stuck around for a while, we named her Harriet, may she Rest In Peace.
337	0	Glad to hear ended well for you.  Thanks for your update.
571	0	If anyone is still checking up on this I got my second shot. AND HAD ALMOST NO SYMPTOMS. It was like night and day. I got tired and a slightly sore arm for the past couple days and absolutely nothing else. On the flip side I’m wondering if my first shot was accidentally given in a vein instead of muscular- it was a nursing student who just kind of jammed it in my arm the first time and I bled enough that she had to clean it up before the band aid. And my symptoms were so weird I don’t know a single person out of hundreds who I know that got the shot that had any of these weird symptoms. The second shot was done by a pharmacist who gives a lot of vaccines even pre covid. Either way I’m totally fine (4 days out) and vaccinated! Good luck everyone. 🤷🏻‍♀️
812	0	Hey I'm not a doctor but maybe it's psychological. She should try to go to therapist and try mindfulness and medotation+relaxing yoga stretching.  I am huge panicked and after my first dose I had leg pains. Before my first dose I had huge panic attack and after that leg pain appeared I was even more panicked. After I psychologically fixed myself and did plenty of relaxing stretching I was better and no pain at all..  I had a lot of pins and needles feeling in my lower legs and also numbness. Also I had a lot of pain in lower back, so it could be sciatica (yes it can be triggered By stres and anxiety). GL!
482	1	Ok so don’t look to the media, look to science. These have been heavily studied. We don’t know the particular long term effects, but in terms of how they were made and the trials that were done it’s pretty similar to most vaccines.
114	0	Got my first dose 1/28 and not sure if i was feeling fatigue because of working two 12 hr shifts in a row but i did have injection site soreness after 3 hours from receiving the vaccine, then around 5-6 hours later i had a couple rashes on the arm of the injection site, took clairitin and it went away, my soreness probably lasted another day but i just kept moving that arm and stretching which helped
169	1	>Why is there such a heavy push to get vaccinated by the media and political affiliations? And why all of a sudden IS THIS vaccine free to anyone, but other vaccines are not? Who is paying for all of this?  The vaccine is paid for by the first COVID Relief Bill.  The Federal government is paying for it.  Why?  Because the Pandemic is crippling the economy and the vaccine is the only way out.  Why the rush?  Because 530k Americans have already died from it and we are losing thousands daily.  Until 80% of Americans are vaccinated, the Pandemic will continue to rage on.  This is on pace to kill more Americans than any war or any other epidemic in US history.
763	-1	I’m 57 and had my first Pfizer vaccine on April 30. I had manageable moderate osteoarthritis in both my knees and right hip before the vaccination. But about 10 days after the vaccine I noticed increased pain in my knees and hips, so much so I booked a physician appointment. Three weeks after the vaccine I saw my physician and my pain had worsened. Constant pain in knees and right hip no longer controlled with Tylenol arthritis and Voltaren. Unable to sleep from the pain. Physician prescribed 10% didofenac, booked durolane injections for my knees, and referred me to an orthopedic surgeon. Im now 5 weeks post vaccine and remain in constant pain in my knees and right hip. All activity has ceased and I walk gingerly. All day everyday I ice the joints, apply the prescribed topical cream, and pop Tylonel and Advil. Sleep is unbearable. Not sure I’ll take the second dose of Pfizer.
363	0	Hi all. Got my first dose Friday AM. Was slightly tired. Saturday evening I had a migraine and super tired and started experiencing chest pain. Thought it might be something I ate so I took alka seltzer.  Early Sunday AM woke up dizzy, went away but I still have chest pain. Not sure what the chest pain portion is. Still feels like a reaction to nuts for me (which gives me chest pain/tightness but not anaphylaxis).  Should I report this? I thought the chest tightness would happen within the first 24 hours, not 48 hours later.
698	0	I also feel pain in the toes, when I stand up and begin to walk
731	1	Anyone know where I can find a Pfizer vaccine for my 12 y.o.? I called Walmart's vaccine support, and they said there is only Moderna in our area. Anyone know of a place offering Pfizer near Joplin, MO? THANKS!
544	0	It’s only been a day for me but I do feel extra tired and exhausted. Luckily it’s not too overwhelming but I am still spending the weekend in bed to get some energy back.
26	-2	There is no FDA approved vaccine for covid. AUTHORIZATION is not FDA approval!!! They are VERY different things. You are basically a volunteer test subject for the pharmaceutical companies. You can’t sue anyone if you have adverse effects or allergic reactions. No one!!! The media is not showing African protests over their population being used as test subjects. It appears that suddenly the pharmaceutical companies are trusted by USA and other countries now? Purdue pharmaceutical company just settled for $9 billion dollars for lying to people about OxyContin and its addiction yet, people believe that they care about your health?!!   I got censored for stating what is on the CDC website and the WHO website. You can also still get covid after the Pfizer or Moderna vaccine. People have gone into anaphylactic shock after the first dose.  Be sure anyone willing to get the vaccine understands the risks. An Epi-pen is required to be at EVERY vaccination center.!! Per the CDC WEBSITE “MOST PEOPLE RECOVER FROM COVID.”  If this post gets censored for quoting the CDC’s own website, be very concerned!!!
290	0	Also on day two with slight sore throat (also dizziness)
198	0	Hello, old thread!  I got my vaccine exactly 24 hours ago, and I'm now starting to feel flu-like symptoms. Has anybody had this? If so, did you have COVID before? Any thoughts as to why the first for me or for you was bad?   (I don't feel like I'm unable to do anything - I could definitely go about my day with just some moderate annoyances)
12	0	I was so nervous before the shot my heart rate was 175! My friend is a nurse and almost came over with a beta blocker...
989	-1	I’ve sent off an online form to my GP because this is really impacting my quality of life. That might sound dramatic, but it’s been so persistent and isn’t easing up really. I feel like death.   No doubt they’ll dismiss it as “anxiety” or some other BS nonsense answer. Will update.
629	0	How are you feeling so far?
234	-2	No ADE has been observed in the vaccine, but in Corona itself there are no answers yet and there are studies without an exact answer, which is sure evidence has been seen including my neighbor who has been paralyzed since the vaccine and not talked about in the media, there is information hiding and therefore I am not vaccinated yet.
735	2	Thanks so much, this makes me feel much better! I won't be able to get it earlier as the priority right now is getting everyone a shot first (Germany) but I definitely not miss my appointment, I am really excited to get it.
656	0	I took paracetamol for a day or so , but I get headaches a lot anyway so I’m used to it.   And yes I got the tiredness and loss of appetite like you. Drink plenty of water and get plenty of rest and you’ll be better ASAP :)
243	-2	The organization is referred to as the VICP. Most vaccines are studied for at least 10 years before approval from the FDA. Because the covid vaccines are being rushed into the market without the approval of the FDA and are labeled for EUA ONLY and not approved for safety or efficacy, if you have any adverse side effects or allergic reactions to any of the covid vaccines, this law won’t cover you. YOU CANNOT GET COMPENSATED FOR ANY ADVERSE SIDE EFFECTS OR ALLERGIC REACTION TO ANY COVID VACCINE!!!
277	0	29 yo, I got mine 3/23. First day, I felt fine. I can't tell if I'm sore from the shot or not since I did a bit of an intense work out the day before. Of course when I touch the spot I got my shot, I can feel it like any other shots. This shot doesn't seem as bad as my reaction to the flu shot (usually sore throat and arm).   Day 2: feel fine still. Will try to run today to see how I handle cardio.   Health background: I have asthma, allergies, and genetically high cholesterol. Hopefully it'll help anyone who is nervous about it and can gauge from my experience.  Edit: it's 3/25 and I feel great. No symptoms still and went for a run.
78	0	I am supposed to go back and get my second dose today, but I am scheduled to have surgery this week and I am expecting to have a pretty bad reaction to the vaccine dose (I felt terrible for a few days with the first dose, and everyone has told me second dose will likely feel worse). Does anyone know how long I can wait before going back for my second dose? If I can wait 2 more weeks I’ll have healed a bit from surgery and can use my down time off work to get through it. It has already been 3 weeks since my first shot.
917	0	Hey, I got my 1st Pfizer dose a week and a half ago. I feel generally fine, but my eyes have been quite itchy/sore and I have red, rash looking marks under my eyes. I have never had this before and assumed it must be allergies. However, I saw my sister yesterday for the first time in awhile (we've been in a lockdown) and she has exactly the same thing. She had her 2nd dose of Pfizer 2 weeks ago.  I cannot find any information relating to side effects of this nature, so was wondering if anyone else has experienced this?
699	0	I got the 2nd dose last Friday. Saturday morning around 2am, I started experiencing side effects. Headache, Sore arm, dizziness, nasuea, diarrhea, stomach pain, fever, chills.etc  Here it is 7 days later. Majority of the side effects are gone. I still have diarrhea when I go poop. I do get hot easily and feel naseaus at times.  HOWEVER. The stomach pain has been going for 7 days straight. 168 hours. Non stop. Some days are unbearable. Others are bearable but annoying. It honestly feels like I have a stomach virus or a parasite trying to eat my stomach from the inside.  I do get cramps in the lower left and lower right abdomen. But the consistent pain is right in the middle under my ribs. I've tried BRAT diet, sitting up, ginger, staying hydrated, Tylenol, stomach pain pills, PPIs, Sleep. Nothing seems to be working.  Could this just be lasting vaccine side effects that will go away? Do I have a stomach bug or something? Is my appendix bursting/do I have gasteritis/kidney stones/tumor/cancer?!?
445	0	Uh yeah that "nurse" needs to go back to school because like you said your immune system has already built up more antibodies, plus if you got a first shot you're basically 100% immune, for how long? No one knows, but when you stick to your vac schedule and you've already had covid, sources are saying wait from 60 to 90 days to get your second or else the second is basically a waste.
595	0	Did you get the second dose?
68	0	Bullshit
90	2	I just took my second shot 36 hours ago. My experience was as follows:  First shot-  - Very sore arm at injection site for the first 48 hours that went away.  - mild brain fog during the frost 24 similar to a fly shot in my experience  Second shot - mild and persistent headache for the first 6 hours - 10 hours after the shot was incredibly tired and went to bed - woke up about 18 hrs after the shot with mild chill and thirst. Just drank water and went back to bed and injection site was sore similar to the first shot but not nearly as bad (also slept on that side so could be something) - slept another 6 hours - woke up still lethargic and mild headache (fortunately took off work)  - muscle soreness throughout the day. Nothing horrible just feels like I worked out the day before but did not.  - mild heachache off and on.   Overall it feels like the tail end of the flu with some soreness and lethargy and a mild headache. It’s really not as bad as I expected and well worth it for immunity against the potential short and long term effects of covid (since we don’t know how it will effect each person).   Overall I’m incredibly appreciative and elated to have the opportunity to be vaccinated. Still another 10 days or so to build up immunity but thrilled and these minor side effects that I experienced are well worth it. Four coworkers vaccinated at the same time had similar symptoms. Headache, soreness, chills first night, lethargy for 48 hours or so, seem to be common.   If you are eligible and can get it then please do!  Edit: will update in a few days to let everyone know how things are going at 48 and 72 hours later.
394	0	Right? I want to create an app that people can log their symptoms in, just for scientific research... I feel like that would be so good for the world rn
155	0	I had my second dose 2/4 and am feeling sore today... my biggest issue is a swollen axillary lymph node under the vaccinated arm... has anyone else experienced that? It’s really painful.
674	0	Does anyone has pain under the ears? It started on the neck like when you didn’t sleep well, but then went to both sides and now it is right under my left ear. I guess it is the lymph.
418	1	I thought the same about getting it. Im sure you will be fine. At least if it goes up you know why. I thought i was dying a few times. Im doing ok now. Im on some heart meds. Hopefully it will resolve itself. I do know people that got covid and had the same reaction for months after with their heart. Unfortunately this pandemic is awful. A lot of people I know (most) were just fine with the vaccine.
300	0	I had my 1st dose 5 days ago on Friday. Saturday my arm was so sore my husband had to help me take off my tank top I couldn't lift my arm. I was also nauseous. I am still having issues everytime I eat I get nauseous. I noticed tiredness today during workout, didn't feel as strong as usual. And I've had a headache since Sat. Sunday and Monday I had an overall not feeling good feeling, better today. My mom got it done Friday as well not even a sore arm.  I actually came to this thread to see if there were others out there that went thru the same thing.
727	0	Hey how is your girlfriend feeling now, do you still have runny nose/ heart rate issues?
200	0	So I got my shot on Friday 26th of Feb, im a type 1 diabetic as well so I hope any info below helps people.  First 12h after jab.  My arm hurt like properly hurt and felt heavy but didn't feel that bad. Blood sugar wise my control was average, no extremes.  12 - 48h  My arm was sore internally and I felt like crap, I noticed my sugars kept sky rocketing then crashing which is odd.   48h to 72.  Major hankering for protein, donno why I just needed meat, the pain in my arm was subsiding and I could finally sleep on it.  72 h to One week on  So after about 72h my arm stopped hurting and all of the feeling like crap ended. However, I did notice that my bloods kept crashing, for about 2 days solid day 6 and 7 no matter what I did I could not get my sugars up, so I had hypos (low blood sugars) after hypos especially during the day.  Anyway I hope the above helps.
511	-2	Hi, I took the first dose arond 1 st of May and will have the second on 21 May.   I was scared and only agreed to take'em because I travel between 2 countries often and I need to be 'trvel-friendly'. If i stayed permanently in one place I would propably opt to take avaccine next year/see how things play out.  First day my arm (where the injection was) was painful. This went away after 10 days. First three days I had no other symptoms but on fourth to seventh day my neck glands (the ones who light up when i get sick to find illness) where a bit swollen and I felt as if my body is fighting a virus yet no fever and zero 'common cold' symptom just swolen lymphnodes at the base of my neck. That subsided and now im normal again.  Last but not least, im a bit scared of the second dose cause I hear / read online how some people died on the second dose.  Hope I dont die? heh. I just need to take care of my pooches and a few random cats, dont wanna die.  As you can tell I really am very scared of the vaccine for covid and only did it to avoid he hassles for those who travel by air or ferry and have to do constant test prior/after travel plus hotel-bound self-quarantines. But if I had the choice not to travel for family reason now-now, I would NOT do the vaccine and see how things would evolve while keeping distances and wearing a mask etc as I did so far.  What scares me most is rumors that the vaccines of certain brands (among them pfizer) are useless or even that they make one more succeptible to certain strains but I hope its just scary rumors (did not have the time/mental stamina to read on that).  also, I never had a severe anaphylaxis in my life, was never ''that type of person'' but 2 years ago I had oxygen 91 and all the signs of severe anaphylaxis which is why I didnt want to take the vaccine and why im still scared. I will update here when I have done second dose.
40	1	https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/vaccines/safety/adverse-events.html  > Over 52 million doses of COVID-19 vaccines were administered in the United States from December 14, 2020, through February 14, 2021. During this time, VAERS received 934 reports of death* (0.0018%) among people who received a COVID-19 vaccine. CDC and FDA physicians review each case report of death as soon as notified and CDC requests medical records to further assess reports. A review of available clinical information including death certificates, autopsy, and medical records findings revealed no link with vaccination. CDC and FDA will continue to investigate reports of adverse events, including deaths, reported to VAERS.  To put that in perspective, .15% (over 1 out of 1000 people) of the US population has died from COVID.
207	0	Take a chill pill, it’s an honest question since the vaxx might become MANDATORY to work, travel, buy groceries @Silvergirl7!  I did have COVID last year, but it doesn’t seem to matter these days.  Also, half of my family got it, survived.  I’m naturally curious if they have metal in their arm.  Same with this pool of folks who’ve gotten it.  It you don’t ask questions, you don’t get answers! 🤷🏻‍♀️
531	0	Good to hear.
944	0	4 days after my first shot and I feel the worst I have felt for a long time. Muscle aches, fatigue and insomnia. Not sure how long this goes on before I do something but then again what can be done? Probably nothing.
447	0	I’d file a VAERS report btw just so they have the data and v-safe is a cdc national website but it’s for tracking symptoms while you have them, so VAERS is best after the fact
483	0	Yea I was thinking the actual vaccine gave me covid but it’s probably from being in a big clinic where thousands of people have come through to get vaccinated.
526	0	24 M, got my first dose yesterday at 12 pm. Still have a sore arm near the injection site and had a mild headache but nothing beyond that. Chances are the second dose will knock me on my ass based off of what I have read. I also had covid back in early February with mild symptoms for a few days
769	1	Just sharing some positive experiences. My mom, sister and I had our shots together both times. We had our second shots two days ago now and all we've had is a sore arm each time. No other issues so far. Wishing everyone the best outcomes.
636	0	I had no side effects the second time around, only minor fatigue for a day or two. A lot of people I know have had different responses all around.
268	0	I have pulsator tinnitus in my left ear as well, plus rapid heart rate and palpitations that wake me up. It started day 3 after the first shot and I’m on day 9. Getting fitted for a 24 hour holter monitor tomorrow and they are doing a test to check my platelets count
371	0	O great  It went well  Little dizzy second day  Sore arm   That’s all. But I was very scared at first.
916	0	First shot felt nothing. Second shot felt a little sick for a few hours I thought it was over. The next day at night I get cold symptoms. Feeling a little weak skin Is sensitive I need to lay down in bed. Starting to feel better though I’m sure I’ll be fine in a few hours. Oh and my arm did not hurt the day I got my second shot today on the second day yes it hurts I can’t lay on my side where I got the shot.  Edit1: I actually missed my second dose appointment and got it rescheduled a week or two after I was suppose to get it.
679	0	Thanks for replying, wow that was fast. I just pray this will be over soon
838	1	Hi all. 29 year old female here. Had my first dose on Saturday the 19th of June. Felt fine for the first two days, then on the Monday I came down with a 2 day migraine. I get migraines anyway but normally they last for a day. Since then, I've felt awful. My whole body hurts - I'm having leg cramps, lower back pain, stomach cramps, pins and needles in my hands, random pains in my feet, and I feel like I've been beaten up. I have health anxiety and I'm having a really tough time with it - it gets triggered by physical pain, then causes its own physical pains which then trigger my anxiety even more so I'm now stuck in a cycle and struggling to break it. I'm pro vaccine and will be having my second dose but I feel awful and cry most days at the moment. Anyone else struggling with this too? I've had this before and it passes but I feel so unwell and I'm having to fight the urge to call for medical health every day while I wait for it to pass. Anyone else struggled with all over body pains after their Pfizer jab who can share any tips/explanations/reassurance? :'(
968	0	A potent immune system could absolutely be the culprit for us both - strangely something I hadn’t considered till you mentioned it! 😅   Thankfully the second dose was nearly undetectable in comparison to my reaction to the first - the human body is absolutely fascinating.   Very best of luck dealing with your anxiety - whether or not it’s diagnosed, it can be a hell of a time. 🤍
560	0	How are you feeling now?
843	0	How are you doing now?
569	-1	In a few years all those vaxxed with Pfizer will be morbidly obese from superior taste buds as a side effect
294	0	How did you turn out?
879	2	It isn't gene therapy. Totally different thing. Agree that we don't know long term yet. One of the reason the preggos aren't given it as standard.  Having worked in a number of universities and read a number of things related to it (especially their biochemical analysis), I think it's probably worth the 30% (worst case scenario risk) that I'm incorrect.  Plus the world is super over populated, potentially this is just a way of thinning the crowd that survive. 'Do you think it's better to vaccinate the world so transmission slows down and becomes very minor due  to lack of symptoms or do you think that because a billionaire sorted for life is out to get you  and therefore you won't stop transmission even if it means your nans dies'. I made my choice....
110	1	Received 1st dose 11:30 am Feb 7, Left Deltoid  About 6hrs later achey upper left arm.  No other adverse effects to report  Actually slept better knowing I’ll be protected after second dose.  I am overweight 60 yo F with COPD
149	0	I only had a headache and felt low energy later that night. But that was all. Got lucky.
100	0	🖕🏻
382	1	I totally agree that the outcome should have been better, and the question of the vaccine production / availability should have occurred to the federal government last year.   Our provincial government is not better, until last months, high risk chronic population were not even considered as priority people.   Found the CBC articles that explained at the time the thinking behind the 4 month stretch :  https://www.cbc.ca/news/politics/naci-interval-advice-change-four-months-1.5934563  My guts and sense from all the documentation I’ve done for the last months lead me to be optimistic with the vaccines. Even more with the BioNTech Pfizer that you and my partner had (and I will have in few days). They will monitor some of us, and maybe we will be pleasantly surprised in few months.
346	0	I just got my second shot a few days ago. I felt hung over. Can you site your sources? Also I'm how do you know this girl wasn't feeding you what you wanted to hear?
135	0	Okay so it cooled off after that night but my heart rate is still higher than normal lately...
545	0	After my first shot the only symptoms were arm pain and inflamed lymph node on the same side of the body.  I did fitness and felt okay. Yesterday I've got the second dose and today I feel really sick. I got the shot at 6 pm yesterday and woke up at 7 am today with fever.
245	0	Hi! I’ve also had delayed symptoms 8 days later and 3 negative tests. I have been having bad side effects for four days now... hoping it’s normal
136	-1	I am a 26 year old female and I am able to get the vaccine now, I have no underlying health conditions, but I’m nervous about it since it’s so new. I don’t have kids but I would like some in the future. I am afraid that maybe this could affect them or me long term.  Please share your thoughts or research you may have made.  Sorry I tried to post the question but it said I wasn’t a trusted member
591	0	Sharing my experience with both shots here! 30s/F  Shot 1: Tiredness that began half an hour later, took a nap 4 hours after and woke up with noticeable elevated body temp that went away within the next hour. Had slight brain fog first day too. Tiredness lasted through the next day. Overall didn’t feel too bad at all.  Shot 2: Felt fine until 12 hours in, which was night time (~1 AM). Started having fever and chills, by 3 AM started having very minor nose congestion. Took a tylonel 2 hours after fever began. 4 AM, had minor lymph node pain and brief chest pain that came and disappeared. 5 AM, symptoms subsided a bit and I overall got ~4 hours of bad quality sleep. Woke up next morning with fever, chills, bad body fatigue & muscle soreness that persisted through the entire day. Fever hit its peak ~3 PM and began to slowly decline. Around 8 PM I forced myself to sit upright on the couch and get some food; began feeling much better around 9-10 PM but still had some lingering fatigue, headache. Took a Tylonel, went to bed, woke up the next morning feeling normal! Been a few days since and symptoms have not returned, overall it was just a ~24 hr ordeal!
159	0	1st day after vaccine and I have extreme fatigue and headache.
460	0	That sounds amazing! Hope it works out well for you. Please do report back and let us all know how it goes.
369	1	If you had covid previously, your reaction to #1 will be worse than #2. I was tired after the first dose, but not sick like I was after the second. Still totally worth it and I would do it again. Stock up on Gatorade and popsicles if you can. Good luck and remember the symptoms are only temporary :)
839	0	im 14M i got the 2nd dose 2 days ago the first day it was alright jus soreness in my arm then at night i had fever n chills n the next day was fine but today i started having diarrhea n stomacj cramps idk if this is normal or not
885	0	News came out that longer time I between is showing better. ISREAL vs UK results. Search youtube for details
367	0	So why does FDA approval matters to you if you don’t trust them?
406	-1	I did not take the second one. Wasnt risking it.
947	0	Just had the 2nd vaccine shot. After 12 hours I had four like symptoms. Lasted for a day. Now I am fine again.  I was tired before first shot. So did not notice after. Only soreness.
426	0	I have been feeling so thirsty and dehydrated since getting my first dose yesterday. Anyone else have a similar experience?
928	0	how long did the vertigo last?
912	0	I got my shot 3 days ago, Only had a lot of soreness in my arm the day after but no other symptoms really. Not extra tired than I normally am. Working out also still going fine, no difference in strength. This was my first shot.
866	1	For the first 3 days post pfixer vaccine, 1st dose, I had very mild chest pain but noticeable.  Like a lever 2 on a scale of 1 to 10.  Nothing to make me alter my normal routine.  I am not a young male but fear I have had a very very mild case of heart issue myocardomia,   took a week half to get seen by a doctor who felt I could hold off on 2nd dose.  As delta is going through the USA, I don't want to hold off.  But also fear if it was vaccine related, what will second dose do.  Doctor ran blood work and it all came back normal. Still waking up with mild chest pain that doesn't last long each day.   Due for 2nd dose in a few days.  Wondering if anyone else had minor chest pains after 1st dose and if they got 2nd?
942	0	Yes me too! Lol reading those comments makes me feel way better
51	1	My arm is super sore just like the first one. It’s been about 16 hours and I feel fine aside from that! Nothing else so far. No aches or fever or chills. Woohoo!
344	1	Hi All. So happy to get my first vaccine yesterday 4/2.  Felt great rest of the day. Woke up this morning with a sore arm but still felt great.  Around 8pm tonight I started spiking a 101.2 fever chills my skin hurts slight headache.  I had a mild case of covid in December and foolishly thought I would sail through this.  My sister who gets chemo treatments every 3 weeks, my elderly parents all got their first vaccine and was totally uneventful.  I’m going to have to ask what one they received.    Reading the posts here it looks like I might have a couple of days of this.   I guess the end game is worth the “pain”.   Well wishes to all of you.
187	0	Thank you, I'm feeling fine now... But saying that Tylenol (which I said I take two, not one or two) does not help with migraines, which is what I assume you're implying, is false. It might not work for you or other people, but it does for me and a simple Google search reveals it does for many others as well.  "Conclusions Acetaminophen was highly effective for treating pain, functional disability, photophobia, and phonophobia in a population-based sample of persons with migraine"  So please do your research the next time you have an assumption you feel like posting.   Tyvm though for wishing me well, I really do appreciate it =)
816	0	i did get the second dose 4 weeks after first. no ear ringing.  was a bit cloudy in the head the second day and had some fatigue, other than that i was fine.  wife just got her second dose of moderna on monday, she has had a dead arm for 2 days and her arm just killing her, had some fatigue yesterday, she is at the beach today.  she is a bit bitchy, but, o, wait, that is normal, sorry.
785	0	I know this is an old thread... but I got my 1st pfizer vaccine about 2 weeks ago and have had blinding headaches since day 3 Like a pressure in the back of my head and it's excruciating at times. Also had become pain but its dissipated a bit. I was admitted to hospital and had a ct and bloods all clear.  I see a few on here describing the same kind of thing... has anyone had confirmation that it's vaccine related?  My consultant said it was either viral meningitis or reaction to the vaccine.
530	0	Both doses I only had a sore arm for about 24 hours, kinda like after working out at a gym. Other than that 0 symptoms. Was expecting to feel way worse after reading the comments here
185	1	Oh man, that’s tough. Try to look on the bright side, you’ve secured your second dose and you’ll be fully vaccinated. Big win! I’ll send some positive vibes your way that you’ll have an easy go of it or maybe even skip the side effects all together! 🤞🏻
643	0	I had no isses.with the 1st shot. 2nd shot i had.chills. fatigue. Headache and nausea. All that passed but.my arm is sore and the armpit is sore as well. Apparently I'm the small percentage that got the swollen sore lmpyhnodes.or.something. its been about 5 days now but gonna last 4 weeks with my.armpit apparently.
479	0	Are you back to 100% yet?
339	0	Sounds like you are on track to have the same effects I had. How are you feeling this morning?
255	2	It was approved for both under an EUA. It is certainly safer than contracting covid, which is all that matters.  It does reduce your chance of getting covid by 90 - 95%.  If you do get it, you are 100% protected against winding up in the hospital.  All vaccines are lawsuit proof; otherwise pharma would not be able to make them.
818	0	I had arm pain and occasional chills on the next day. I also had strange symptom of sinus pressure on the nose and runny nose around 3rd / 4th day.  Any one else has such similar symptom?
286	2	Hi all, I had my second Pfizer vaccination 10 days ago. Felt fine until about 12 hours later, then it kicked me in the pants so to speak. I was told that at 62 year old I might expect mild side effects. Not at all mild for me. My arm was a only mildly sore but I became extremely lightheaded... like I had a couple bottles of wine without being buzzed. Rather I had sort of stoned feeling and not a good stoned like the last time I used drugs in the 1980’s lol.  I was moving about badly, could not walk a straight line to save my life. That persisted and very slowly diminished over 7-8 days. I also had chills and sweating for about 3-4 days. Muscle aches and pain ramped up and have just now started to subside. Nasty headache for 2 days, significant lethargy and fatigue still occurs. Also became a bit cranky and depressed which are quite unusual for me. Crankiness is gone, depression remains as does muscle pain. Bottom line is this, it has kicked my ass. Is it worth it, yes. I’ve had numerous friends become ill with Covid, another friend is in the VA ICE as I write this. Also have lost 2 acquaintances to Covid. Let’s all hope and pray that there are not long term consequences to the vaccine. There are no long term studies so far, they are sure to begin appearing at some point. I’m betting there will be some long haulers who endure side effects but time will tell. All in all, I’m glad I have been vaccinated. As I “joked”  with my wife while we  were watching I Am Legend and awaiting vaccination, “we are either going to be one of the zombies or 2 of the people being chased down by the zombies” I am of course being facetious, nothing like would ever occur. We are going to now enjoy a healing cocktail while watching Steven Kings “The Stand lol. I wish you all good health and a happy life😳
678	0	Yes. I have learned to keep my attention off of it.  That helped tremendously.
778	0	This actually makes sense to me. I'm only on my 3rd day post the first jab, and I have had terrible hip pain, a dull ache in my spine tail and overall core weakness, which I've associated before from my CS surgeries (I've had 3). My last surgery was just last year, so all the pain is still too familiar.
830	0	Everything fine apart from sore arm with first dose. Had Second dose on Tuesday.  Woke up around 5am with a full body ache. Every joint and muscle ached, felt like I had run a marathon and had used every muscle possible. Also had a full headache. I had to do home schooling with my youngest so just alternated between panadol and nurofen the whole day and got through it.  Next day felt fine.  Now Friday and still feel ok.  Also I forgot to mention, 5 mins after getting the second shot, I had a strange metallic taste in my mouth and slight numb tongue. Started to freak out a little and get the sweats. Monitor person in waiting area took me to a separate cubicle, got me to lie down, monitored my blood pressure and gave me some apple juice and crackers. Once I knew blood pressure was fine, I calmed down. Left about 30 mins after getting the shot.  Anyone else experience this? Didn’t happen with the first one.
551	0	I'm 17 days and I get bad pins and needles. It started just mild and it seems like it's worse today, really sharp pins in my feet and toes. It's also in my hands and sometimes arms and legs.   Anyone else get this?
876	0	Got my 2nd shot on 6/11, did not experience any flu like symptoms, nor swelling at injection site, fast forward 2 week, rapid heart rate while doing the simplest things, tightness in chest, constant feeling of acid reflex, shortness of breath.  The tightness in my chest is more pronounce when I lay down, constantly getting up, so I can sit up to relieve the discomfort.  Never experienced this before, male late 40’s
825	0	Oh damn, I don't have mine till 5 weeks after. I'm worried now lol
983	0	I had 2 x Pfizer vaccinations with 3 weeks intervals. Can I have a 3rd shot of astra Zeneca? Did anyone done it before? If yes what the interval please?
180	0	I got the vaccine about seven hours ago. Had a headache and some fatigue. A little arm soreness but I get that with every vaccine. Going to see how I feel in the morning. Symptoms might be difficult for me to track because I’m already chronically fatigued and seem to have perennial allergies.   Hope all went well with you!
750	0	After my first dose I just felt tired and had a really sore arm for a few days. It went away and I felt fine a few days after.  After the 2nd dose, I felt fine again. Halfway through the day I felt fatigued and nauseated. A few hours later, my body felt insanely sensitive to touch and every single one of my muscles were aching beyond belief. I was in a cold sweat in bed, and got maybe an hour of sleep the entire night.  The next day I had a terrible headache and fever and still felt nauseated. I drank tons of water and eventually felt better.  However, the headache still has not subsided (headache meds are doing absolutely nothing) and I still get random flare ups of nausea and the fever (3 days later). My muscles still ache and I have absolutely no energy.  Has anyone else experienced this? I feel like I can't live my life until this stops.
227	2	Get your vaccine 💉 ciao
929	0	Thank you so much!  I am currently taking the magnesium, glutathione, vitamins b and D but not the real mineral water or the ginkgo biloba. Again, Thank you so much!
1	2	I strongly believe that this stock will be 🚀 post earnings and it deserves the same too. Don't have much invested in it as just 2k, but others who have bigger positions may make good profits. God bless 🙏
634	0	I got my second dose 6 days ago and am still feeling so tired
358	-1	We did get our call. Our 2nd dose will be 15 weeks after the first. I don't believe anyone knows how effective the first dose will be in protecting us until we get the 2nd dose 15 week on, and what level of protection we will have after that. And we are not alone. The vaccine may not be as effective for Canadians as it should have been. As seniors, we still feel very vulnerable.
258	0	31F: got the shot on 3/10 around 9:30 am. Felt a little dizzy. Immediately ate when I got home and went straight to sleep. Vaccines for whatever reason make me extremely hungry. When I woke up from my 3 hour nap, my whole body was stiff. Later that night I had a strange cough. Smaller side effects were some itching and a small rash around the injection site.   Didn't get a headache and a lil nausea until the next day. Overall soreness went away and now it's just the arm. Still having that weird cough and some tiredness.
224	0	Got the first shot 3/24, yesterday. Immediately after I felt fine, tired and my arm was sore but not groggy at all. Today much more soreness in the injection site, like a bad charley horse and slowly started to feel achy in the joints and muscles. But so far it's all physical side effects, my head is fine and no cognitive grogginess, just physical aches.
494	0	46 yr old female. I had my first dose two days ago. I just had a slightly sore arm. No worse than the flu vaccine. I even slept on that arm. Can’t feel it at all today. I made sure to stay well hydrated. Otherwise no side effects that I can detect. Both my parents 69 and 72 had the Pfizer shot with negligible side effects.
538	0	Yeah some wierd twitches in both legs and pulsations!
411	1	Thank you!! I think I was just working myself up (since there’s a chance I could be pregnant) but reading about your experience has helped immensely.
696	0	did you get this checked out? how are you now?
70	0	Are you still having the racy heart? Or did it go away after a few days?
973	0	Yes, my legs and arms are itching like crazy. I got my first shot 6 days ago - i had the itching before. However, it got worse after the shot and i did some research. I read that it „flares of existing dermatological conditions“ appeared after the Pfizer vaccine.
907	-1	Similar-ish here. Fit and healthy 33M in the UK, running 40-50miles per week training for a marathon. I’m 6 weeks post first dose of Pfizer and still struggling to even walk 5k. Extreme fatigue, chest pain and shallow breathing/difficulty catching my breath, muscle cramps, constant aches and pains. Had X-rays and ECG, all sorts of tests, all came back clear. Still not getting better after 6 weeks, no answers, and have just cancelled my place in an upcoming marathon because I can’t train. Taking a physical and mental toll. Not going for second dose either, this is miserable. Hope you start to feel better soon!
7	0	Did you sign up for the V-Safe after vaccine check ins with the CDC? Your vaccine provider should have given you a handout or had you sign up at the time of vaccine. If so, they may contact you if you are having uncommon or previously unseen side effects. You may want to go ahead and contact your primary care doctor tomorrow if you are still having concerning issues.
661	0	Received second dose at 10:15AM on Friday, 5/21. Injection slightly more painful than first dose - healthcare worker said they had new needles...  Started feeling lethargic at work and by the end of the work-day it was difficult to focus and I could feel a heavy sensation behind my eyes.  On the drive home, around 6:30PM, I felt lethargic, but not nauseous like with the first dose while driving home.  At approximately 9:30PM, I started feeling hot and cold (fever, I’m sure but I never measured my temperature) and my hands tingled because they were ice-cold. I went to bed about an hour later with my fiancé. I then started shivering uncontrollably for about three minutes until my body started to warm up from being wrapped up in my comforter and fleece blanket. I was feeling like dog-sh!t at this point - aches and pains, the arm where I received the injection, ouch!!! I could feel it going up the left side of my neck. My fiancé got me some ibuprofen and after about an hour, I was feeling slightly better and was able to go to sleep.  At 12:57AM, early this morning, I woke up and was very uncomfortable, feverish, limbs ice cold but my chest, legs, face were red-hot. I could not go back to sleep - I ended up going to the kitchen and eating some starburst which was a nice little treat for my dry, hot mouth. Downed some water and fell back asleep around 3AM.  I woke up this morning (5/22) around 10:00AM (approx 24hrs since inoculation) and I was feeling pretty normal. My arm was sore which was to be expected and I felt like I was running on about 70% battery-life.  A few hours later, I started feeling feverish again, achy, and that heavy, burning sensation behind my eyes. I could never get comfortable enough to actually nap. Felt pretty lethargic and on about 40% battery-life.  Food also tasted different throughout the day, odd that I had an appetite at all...anyway, I started feeling better about 8:30PM today, I had a surge of hunger hit me and I satisfied it and now I’m writing this.  Tips: ice-pack on injection site at night is glorious. Take some Tylenol or ibuprofen and stay hydrated and fed. Don’t move around a lot however keep using the arm you got the shot in.  EDIT: Added date I received second dose
667	0	I just got my second vaccine around 19 hours ago. So far only a slight headache and didn’t sleep too well. Maybe a bit tired, but nothing compared to the side effects I had from the first one.  My first experience was similar to yours, except I became sick after about 12 hours from the first vaccine. Chills, nausea, dizziness etc. Had a persistent fatigue that lasted for a couple of weeks.
56	0	Correlation does not equal causation...Was he exposed to the virus prior to the vaccine?
701	-2	Have you ever sat around thinking to yourself, “man, I really have been feeling too healthy lately. I want to make sure I feel like absolute death. I want parts of my soul to rip away as I’m alternatively sweating and shivering in an effort to prevent myself from getting sick later...kind of...”? Then this vaccine is for you!   Your first little does of medicinal question marks in the form of a needle may or may not cause side effects. Since I hit the jackpot, I got to taste those. Starts with area soreness at the site, and I don’t know if maybe I just upset the pharmacist but definitely more painful then your typical needle. Otherwise it’s just a warning of what is to come. That’s right, you get to know, 3 weeks in advance, that if you do something you will feel like 💩 and then you go ahead and do the thing. Which I think is a new form of insanity.  But I digress. The second shot has been a freight train of death hitting me since around 430am. You ever wake up and low crawl to a bath to start your day with a unique blend of sophistication and embarrassment? Well check that off my bucket list. Since then I’ve napped twice. Napped may be a misnomer, one such nap lasted 5 hours. Because being numb to the pain of my body slowly rotting into a corpse seems much better than being alert. All I want is a drink, but I’m 100% positive if my feet touch the floor I will freeze to death.  6/5 stars, would definitely recommend to all my loved ones.
381	0	This is exactly what I am experiencing so far.. I’m at the end of day 3. Hopefully it resolved in a week. Omg the lymph nodes in my armpits hurt!!!   Day 2 of my second dose I felt like I got hit by a train- every thing on my body hurt, even touching cold things felt 100x colder and more uncomfortable than usual.  It reminded me of the episode in Blacklist where Remington got injected with something that did the opposite of anesthesia- it made everything more painful instead of less.  I do feel a million times better today.  32 year old healthy female
351	0	I took one and two but my PCP said not to take the 3rd one for now. I went to a headache specialist and she thinks they are coming from my neck. I did an MRI and it showed 4 bulging disks.
632	0	Omg I feel tingly all over, I don’t know what it is. It’s like my skin is sensitive or something
63	0	it’s been over 48 hours and i am still in so much pain, i wasn’t expecting this being pretty young. has anyone else experienced this? i just keep taking pain killers and hoping for the best because it’s making me really spacey and hot feeling  edit: second dose
216	1	1st dose February 25  Day 1, sore arm nothing too crazy  Day 2, sore arm, sore throat, chills  Day 3, intense headaches, chills, nausea  Day 4, Severe ear pain with constant Tinnitus  Day 5, symptoms went way.   Day 15, intense facial and scalp tingling, headaches.  Day 22, symptoms went away   Day 32 today March 29, facial tingling returned with headaches.   I think I may have suffered permanent nerve damage from the pfizer vaccine. However, this is a small price to pay. Im hoping these symptoms go away in the future
535	-1	I did not. It took like 6 weeks for my symptoms to subside. Seems like people are still getting covid with vaccines. I’d rather just take care of my immune system
183	0	Did you die
488	0	You can absolutely take aspirin,Tylenol or ibuprofen etc.. After the vaccine, it's not recommended to take before you get your vaccine unless you've been taking any of those on a daily basis
654	1	It was worse than my first shot. If you're worried, don't be. I had so much anxiety going into it, but it was fine. I got that helps!
743	0	Just arm pain and fatigue for me, was fine two days later. 1st dose, 21.y.o., no other conditions.
361	-1	How are you feeling now? I got mild chest pains with my first shot, and I’m really thinking I may not get the 2nd now because of it.
877	0	After my 2nd dose I had lots of palpitations/numbness on and off for about a week! Went to the ER on the first night (the most intense, it was scary) and tests came back clear. Sometimes I still get them at night but I'm gradually feeling better. Likely my overactive and potent immune system (30F, generally healthy). Hope you're feeling better too! Magnesium chloride transdermal spray supplement has personally helped, as well as sea salt and/or trace minerals in my filtered water.
140	0	Thanks man. I'm not bragging I'm counting my blessings
709	-1	I am really questioning myself here.. as someone who had covid before and has house dust mite allergy my experience was like this..  Day 1-2 severe fatigue  Day 3-4 back pain, also pain in different places in my body  (When majority said it only takes two days and just fatigue, I went to hospital and all my blood tests plus tomography was normal)  Day 5-6 extreme headache (migraine) could not sleep that night  And yesterday, as an allergic, my nose did not stop all day which never happened to me before, all bones in my face started to hurt then I was taken to er. Doctor prescribred blood serum with antihistaminic and now I feel better..   Waiting for what will happen next days! Guess I will not have second dose..
452	1	I have had some bad headaches I don’t know exactly what constitutes a migraine. I haven’t had headaches of any significance before so perhaps this has been migraines. I currently don’t feel quite myself and have severe anxiety and am just scared. I don’t feel terrible at this point like I said just scared. Chances are you’ll be fine I haven’t read too many going through what I have experienced. Wish you well stay calm and keep your thoughts positive
76	0	Immediately-1hr I also felt nothing.  1-6hrs kind of sore at arm but nothing else  12hrs- Arm sore, sort of nauseous, tired
146	0	Go away.
420	0	Hello! Everyone’s experience helped me prepare mentally so thank you. I was nervous but proceeded to get my 2nd dose. It’s been 26 hours since. My left arm where I had my shot is achy but it’s not too bad. I do have a wicked headache though. I’m trying to stay hydrated and rest when I can. Am I allowed to take aspirin? Man, this is wicked...
700	0	Mine has gotten better but I was also having disc bulge issues in my neck, I would suggest some cervical retraction or neck exercises alongside doing some median nerve glides.
707	0	Sounds like allergic rhinitis which can be triggered by temp changes. :) I have it too.
125	-2	Suddenly, you trust the pharmaceutical companies?  Did you know Bill Gates owns millions of shares of Pfizer?  Did you know that the Astra Zeneca vaccine is being reevaluated because of serious concerns about its safety? Did you know Bell’s palsy is showing up with the Moderna vaccine?  Did you know usually a vaccine takes 10 - 15 years before it gets FDA approval?!! Did you know most people recover from covid at home? Did you know you can still get covid even after vaccinated?  Did you know that if you have ANY adverse side effects or allergic reactions, you can’t sue anyone?! Maybe your physician?!!! Maybe!! You are volunteering to get jabbed with an experimental drug.  Did you know that NOT ONE OF THE CURRENT VACCINES BEING OFFERED HAVE FDA APPROVAL?!! They have permission or “authorization”‘to give you a drug for which there is no liability for. Good luck 👍🏼
16	0	I just received the vaccine today at 9am and no side effects at all until 8 hours later a sore arm.
884	-1	I’m a fit and healthy (gym goer) 31 year old male from the UK.   Got my first jab on June 18th. Next day arm was very sore, and I felt extremely tired (almost like a hangover). This lasted for 4-5 days and then I was fine, back in the gym etc.   3 days after this I developed a sore throat, very heavy cough and about 10 mouth ulcers/blisters. Excessive sweating, diarrhoea, aches, headaches then developed. The ulcers cleared up after a few days, but everything else persisted for about one week. The cough was extreme, kept me awake nearly all night every night. I also had breathlessness after small amounts of exercise.   14 days after the vaccine, the above had mostly subsided but now I have extreme fatigue every day and stomach pains/loss of appetite. Unable to exercise. Slight dizziness. It’s debilitating. Still have breathlessness and sweating.   I’m at day 19 post vaccine now. Still extreme fatigue and lack of appetite. Stomach cramping. Aches and pains. A sore throat which comes and goes. Cough has subsided.   This is miserable, I can’t lie. I’m still suffering almost three weeks after the first jab. Wtf. Everything I described above seems no better than if I’d got COVID.
475	0	Got my first dose last Thursday nothing else than a sore arm and tiredness. Felt great until Monday when I started with runny nose and couldn’t stop sneezing. Now it’s Tuesday and I’m feeling like I’ve been ran over with a car, muscle pain, sore throat and braking fog. I am just very tired. Hopefully will go away soon.
631	0	Just got my second dose today 13 May, 2021 at 4:48 pm. Two minutes after the arm where I got the vaccine hurts, feels like someone punched me hard. Will keep you guys posted, heard some people start feeling some side effects within 6 hours after inoculation.
413	0	Got my second dose yesterday 4/10 @ 4:30pm   4/11/21. A pounding headache woke me up with chills at 9:30am and low grade fever. (99.5 max)  Also starving and usually drink coffee in the morning so hopefully that helps the headache. Will try to ride out the headache/migraine without taking pain meds.  UPDATE: 4/11 I ended up taking Tylenol extra strength before bed and thoughout the day to relieve myself of the headache. It didn’t really go away with Tylenol. no appetite and felt nauseous. Some abdominal pain. Made myself eat something small.   UPDATE: 4/12 I woke up today feeling 95% better. Like nothing ever happened. Took melatonin to sleep good  and I never woke up in the middle of the night. Happy I got over that day. Had a slight headache in the morning but it went away through the day and I can say I feel amazing.
98	2	I just got my second dose Wednesday.  My first dose symptoms kicked in on day 2 and 3 the hardest. I felt waves of just... Feeling icky and fatigued, slightly nauseated. Pain in my armpit (weird but ok, didn't think much of it then)  2.5 weeks later Second dose, much bigger reaction. Next day I'm feeling waves of Runny nose, chills, upset stomach, and fatigued. Then swelling started in my arm pit and the underside of my arm which received the injection.  Freaked out, I look it up and found that this is turning out to be a known side effect. Yesterday the swelling was big and slightly warmer to the touch, uncomfortable. I took tylenol and it helped WAY more than Ibuprofen did. Last night before bed the site got itchy and gave me some little hives but those went away. I slept in a bit extra and I'm feeling much better today, lymph swelling is way down. No icky waves yet.  I should mention I'm technically obese and have some skin problems like allergies to fragrances and psoriasis. I was eager to get the vaccine but feel kinda bummed it hit so hard. I want to encourage others to get it ASAP but want to be transparent that the side effects are a bit uncomfortable. If anyone has feedback for me I'm all ears. Has anyone else had the swollen armpit???
974	1	Great, on the next day I was feeling as new, worked out and all fine to this day. Good vaccine!
395	0	How did it go with dose #2?
498	-1	Received my 1st dose a little over 30 hours ago.   No pain or swelling at injection site. About 6 hours later I started getting a mild sore throat. When I woke up the next day I felt tired and still had a mild sore throat (very allergy like).  Roughly 30 hours later I'm still very tired and have a mild sore throat. Not sure if it's related to the vaccine or if it's allergies due to the pollen being high.  Contemplating if I really want to get my 2nd shot at this point.
128	0	Totally fine! My second shot I had 0 side effects :)
143	0	Oh that sucks that it’s lingering for so long. Feel better soon!
152	-2	Which part? That he died from the vaccine or it’s not FDA APPROVED?!!
870	0	I have now received my 2nd shot( yesterday). The first time around my arm was sore for a few days, this time at this point, again, sore arm, and I do feel a little tired. I was hard to sleep last night, because of the pain and tightness in my left arm. But other than that, no harsh side effects as of yet.
210	-2	The economy is collapsing because we have shut businesses down. Stay home if you’re afraid. Get an experimental vaccine. Most people recover from covid at home. Good luck.
614	1	Had my first jab about 24 hours ago. My arm feels like it's been repeatedly punched, feel physically drained & keep walking into things but it's better than having covid.
308	0	I had the worst body aches for about 8 hrs and then I was fine!
455	0	My teeth feel weird and my mouth is super numb/tingly. Got my first dose 5 hours ago
62	1	35/F — First dose two days ago, 2/17. About 6 hours after the vaccine I started getting a sore arm/neck close to the vaccine site. My face felt flushed but I didn’t have a fever. I began to feel run down (like I do when I have a cold) and went to bed early. Arm was sore through the night. 24 hours after vaccine the arm was less sore but still with moderate fatigue. Took some ibuprofen and felt better. Also very thirsty! 48 hours after, arm soreness and fatigue went away. However, about 55 hours after I began to feel fatigue and face flushing again. I am going to make it another early night to see if I can sleep it off! The side effects make me remember that my immune system is equipping itself to fight COVID. Grateful for the vaccine! Will report back on 2nd shot side effects.
109	0	I received my second dose on 2/16 and 30 hours later was hit with flu like symptoms including extreme upper stomach cramps. Felt like my gallbladder needed to be removed. Also had a 101 degree fever, extreme fatigue, nausea and feel like I have a mild chest cold. It’s getting better but my stomach is still not normal and I’m very tired. My arm is really sore too like I had a tetanus shot.   I’m 49 and have asthma but am otherwise in excellent health, work out 5 days a week, etc.
528	0	Hey how are you feeling now, did the symptoms from the vaccine go away? & how
319	0	Adding mine and husband's experience with both doses. First dose we both felt pretty fatigued that night and into the next day. I had a pretty bad headache that lasted around 4 days, and we both had sore arms for a few days. The second dose we prepared for it to be rough but it really wasn't bad at all. We honestly had no side effects besides a sore arm from the injection. Same goes for his parents that had theirs same day as us. So get it on a Friday if you can but know it can go perfectly smooth! Good luck everyone!
496	0	I started getting better around day 10, but have had 3 of my heart episodes of PSVT since my 1st shot. I contacted my cardiologist and he said I should get my 2nd dose and to come in for an ECG if my symptoms don't get better. Also contacted my primary care and she also said to get a second dose.  Day 10 I got my energy back, no more being nauseous etc. Other symptoms were even had some slight depression and a yeast infection in the first 10 days.  I am going for my 2nd shot tomorrow and I am pretty nervous. Please send update and I will as well after my 2nd shot.
826	0	For some reason I can’t post to this subreddit so I’ll ask here and hopefully get some answers. I’ve tried googling side effects after a month or so from getting the Pfizer vaccine but I’m not finding any info. I got the last injection over a month ago and last week got violently sick at work and came home. I’ve developed tinnitus in my right ear and most days feel nauseous. Like I said, it’s been well over a month so I’m not sure wtf this is but the nausea is driving me crazy. Anyone else having similar symptoms?
167	0	55 female: First dose Tuesday at 3 pm. Raging headache 3am (up the spine). Woke up super toasty all overly. I took a powdered aspirin at a rest stop which helped. Got home at 1 pm. Got super nauseous and tired. Slept from 4-5pm. Forced myself to have a taco. Injection site started to ache at 8 on. Was able to work feeling like I was hung over until 10. Slept all night except got chills at midnight. Feel pretty good this morning except some very slight dizziness.
378	0	Hey man, I got the vaccine(first dose) 3 days ago and noticed generally the same thing. How long until you returned to normal?
423	0	Thank you.
908	0	I had my first dose tuesday, 4 days ago... sore arm for 2 days, but thats mostly gone now but a lot of fatigue since that, and also since thursday ive started to have a sore throat, i saw that other people reported that too and am kind of relieved, bc i was worried that i might have caught covid now but i tested negative 3 times since wednesday so..  but thats all.. im waiting to see if it will affect my period, as ive heard a lot of disturbed cycles..
196	0	Back to say Dose 2 (3/27) was actually easier than dose one. I had a sore arm but it hurt less than the first time. I was fatigued for about a day and a half after. Mild headache for about 12 hrs. After 2 days I felt totally normal aside from a small area on injection site that feels like a bruise (still present on day 3 post injection but almost not noticeable, I imagine by tomorrow it won't hurt at all)
925	0	I got the Pfizer one there today at 3.45 I'm 18 (M)  my arm is sore at the injection site Few hours in.   I was feeling tried , really dizzy , stomach was feeling sick then I got the a dose of the sh*ts it's only 9.35 on the same day I haven't took any tablet's for anything and I was trying to eat food before I got the sh*ts and I felt my stomach hurt really bad I'll give an update if I get worse or better just to let people know.   Btw almost pucked as well and I'm not one to get sick or ful or anything only when I was a child but at the same thing I would feel worse after a night of spirits.
949	-1	Everybody CHECK YOUR blood pressure! I almost died two weeks after the 1st shot!   It is not disclosed in the side effects but Pfizer's may cause hypertension. I was feeling super bad, went to the doctor and basically he told me I could have died if I hadn't gone there.
655	0	My wife has some kind of rare blood clotting disease
871	0	Only that day…just a few instances of it and it went away within less than a minute each time
782	0	After my second dose all these symptoms went away.  Everything is back to normal for me.
540	1	Yeah!!! so I was VERY ill for 12 days after first shot. Not totally knocked out, but extreme fatigue, muscle soreness, sleeping a lot. My husband kept telling me my reaction was extreme/abnormal... but it really felt like my reaction to other strong viruses I’ve gotten in the past ( for ex., I had mono in college and got knock-on bouts of fatigue for months after)...  I really was hesitant to get the second shot, but I did it in case I ever have to travel... and the reaction to the second shot was MUCH more, “normal”... just one day of feeling SUPER hungover. Then I was fine.   So I don’t know!!! I’ve heard of ppl getting sick for up to 2 weeks after the first shot with all sorts of flu like symptoms (muscle soreness, migraines, exhaustion).... I also wonder if maybe I had asymptotic covid at some point? Who knows. I do know that everyone reacts differently... and for me my immune response was very pronounced... so I guess that is good?!????.... hope this rambling answer gives you some insight...
653	0	So nothing to do with the vaccine?
52	0	I just my 2nd dose 3 hours ago.   I work the rest of this week, W-F, 12 hour shifts. I’m  really nervous for how I might feel tomorrow. I can’t miss work so I will have to power through whatever happens.   I’ve been stretching my arm like crazy and drinking water hoping that I can stay on top of whatever comes and avoid the sore stiff feeling.    With the first one I think I had some joint pain, a small head ache, and a severely sore arm.    I’m just so anxious for how much this might affect me at work tomorrow or even Thursday.
322	0	I did too and thought it was something else. I had fatigue 5-8 days after the first shot, but no symptoms before other than a sore arm.
131	0	😂😂😂😂
955	0	Dear community,  I want to share my side effects story, as i stand sitting on my bed at 3 am in the morning, after a visit to the emergency. I got my first shot on june 24, and had common side effects like arm pain and headache. 4 days after the shot, i had a panic attack and went to emergency. All kind of tests they made were pretty good, regular ecg and perfect pressure, oxygenation and blood analysis were all good, not a single anomaly. But i keep feeling those side effects like temporary paresthesia. The first minute after the vaccine injection, i felt se kind of burning inside my throat, and head dizziness. They kept me under observation for two hours, my eyes were burning and i had increased heart rate. Expecially this eye related fact has kept me company since the first shot, although it goes away sometimes and then comes back. My bigges fear is that some blood cloth will form somewhete, but i never had blood troubles, and  neither in my family anyone was affected by trombosys or something like that, maybe this is just a psychological factor like all doctors said, in fact the first time i went to emergency they gave me something to treat stress and sode effects went away, but i am very surprised that my body will go dumb on its own just for a psychological factor. I should take my second shot next week but i have some fear of heavier side effects, and since i am far from home for work stuff, i am alone in a hotel room and will stay here for at least two months. Did anyone feel some side effects like mine? Should i inestigate more or should i kist wait for them to go away? I think i can't sleep so well now
269	0	I'm glad I'm not the only one. Got mine on a Wednesday and didn't begin to get symptoms until Sunday. Temperature maxed out at 101 and had the chills as well. The fatigue is the hardest past. I was just completely drained and pretty much slept most of Monday.  It's now Tuesday and I'd say that I'm 85%. Fever is gone too.
734	0	How are you today? How was the experience?
279	1	I’m sorry you’re having trouble resting. Drink lots of water and rest as much as you possibly can. I slept a ton the 2nd day. Just remind yourself this is temporary and will be over in a day and you are having a great immune system response. Your body is strong and this is a good sign. Hope you are able to get lots of sleep during the day today. 🤞🏻
613	0	I recieved my first shot on March 31st. Had a pretty bad headache for about a day and a half, but other than that pretty much nothing. Got my second shot on April 22nd. Sore arm and some fatigue for a couple days. April 25th...thats when stuff starts going bad. Vertigo, dizziness, light headed, constipated, weak, tired etc etc. This continued, so I went to the urgent care on April 28th. My heart rate was in the 30s and my BP was 86/53. Sent me to hospital. No one could tell me why this was happening. Instead they gave me iv fluids nd a nice big bill. Felt ok for for about a day. then the same stuff came back. Vertigo, dizziness etc etc. Everything I listed before. Went back to an urgent care on may 5th and they told me to go back to hospital. Which I didnt because I couldnt miss any more work. Not a good idea. Ended up getting admitted to hospital on the 8th. Diagnosed with bradycardia, acute hypotension and dehydration (even though I had and have been drinking plenty ever since my first experience) Im now wearing a heart activity tracker and on some medication. Helps some. Before all of this I had no issues, was healthy. Even all my tests from each time at the urgent cares or hospital came back with more questions for the doctors because my numbers looked good. aside from the low heart rate and BP, it all looked good, even hydration. So no answers as of yet, Is it coincidence...or is it a severe side effect?? Dont know.
477	0	Hope your symptoms have resolved by now! My lymph node pain finally resolved maybe 3 or 4 days ago, approx 19 days after the second dose.
197	2	I know it’s a lot and it’s even harder when you have people telling you not to do it. I hope you went through with it and I hope it all went well. I’m very happy that I was able to help.
179	-1	How are you doing? I am so over this already! It's been almost 6 weeks for me. I have a 2nd ENT appt on Tuesday but not expecting much of anything and nothing conclusive in any of the tests so far. Feeling like a lab rat and trying to convince myself that this is better than getting covid and possibly dying. Just wish it could go away already!!
327	0	My experience so far: 50F in mostly good health (aside from some middle aged weight gain in the middle).   1st dose 3/2: sore arm by end of day. Slight chills for the next 36 hrs but still very functional.  2nd dose 3/23:  12 hrs in, woke up from very uncomfortable sleep with chills, headache and myalgia. Took tylenol, which took some edge off.   24 hrs later, fever of up to 102°f, chills chills chills in between, fatigue and myalgia in back.   36-48 hours later, took ibuprofen this time and fever broke, very sweaty, muscles felt better. Resumed normal activity and exercise.  Day three (72 hrs/today): Chills are back. Fatigue is back, both responsive to ibuprofen however. Holding.  Has anyone felt symptoms go away and then come back?
202	-1	I got my first dose last Thursday.  I have been sick for days.  What's interesting is that my husband received the Moderna vaccine (1st dose) on Friday and he is tracking with almost the same symptoms as mine but seems to be about 24-36 hours behind me.  This has been crazy. If we had known we would experience this we would never have taken the vaccine.  We are both extremely healthy and practice Bikram Yoga 3-4 days per week.  I couldn't imagine getting through a yoga class anytime in the near future.  Symptoms are listed here:      Day 1:   Sore arm (very sore), otherwise good. Normal day. No fever  Day 2:   Sore arm, fatigue, chills??? (mild but present) and normal day. 90 Minute Hot Yoga class, fatigue but otherwise good. No fever  Day 3:   Sore arm, fatigue, chills (mild), but I did a yoga class and aside from being extremely tired was fine. No fever  Day4:   Fatigue got worse and had strange muscle pain, not like normal post exercise recovery. It was almost a burning soreness with muscle fatigue. No fever BP 130/72  Day 5:   Fatigue, severe headache, stuffy nose, chills. Tylenol and Advil do nothing for the headache, can't sleep because of headache, chills and stuffy nose. No fever. Did a hot yoga class and mostly laid on the mat.  Day 6:  Insane crushing headache, Advil and Tylenol are still not doing much, lots of sinus pressure, can't sleep because of head congestion, sinus pressure and headache with chills, coughing ensued, sore glands and a strange tenderness in the back of my throught and roof of my mouth and fatigued. The headache is gripping and tinnitus is bad. No fever BP is 126/80  Day 7:   The worst. All the symptoms from yesterday but slept most of the day and didn't leave the couch. Took cold medicine for congestion and Tylenol for headache. Slept off an on propped up on pillows. Tinnutis is bad. No fever  Day 8:  Woke up with a headache, less severe than yesterday. Chills and sweats are gone. Congestion seems to be lessening hour by hour. No joint or muscle pain. No fever BP is 127/70   Advil is helping take the edge off the headache but it is ever present.  Day 9:  Still can’t sleep. Headache is mostly controlled with Adil and Tylenol. Sinuses are stuffy and fatigue comes and goes. Taste and smell are on and ff. I have a strange floral aroma and taste that stays with me all day. No fever
641	1	Don't stress it, I had zero side effects after the 2nd shot. I got my shot, drank a bunch of water, came home and did stuff around the house and felt fine.  You will be good to go!
402	0	That’s what I read. Means you’re having a strong immune response.
961	0	My increased heart rate only lasted about two days then went back to normal. Ive dealt with pericarditis twice before and it wasn’t really like that (in my experience).   I drank A LOT of fluids and went on a long walk that got my blood pumping and i was fine the next day. :)
292	0	Hi! Do you know if you got COVID sometime before you got the shot?
758	0	They gave it to us cause of the seniors in the building
649	0	I had a similar delayed reaction to both shots. Four days after each shot I got diarrhea. After the first one it was worse and I thought i had food poisoning. Then it happened after the second one as well but milder so I'm pretty sure it was related to the shots.
453	1	Got my second dose:    First 15 mins: immediate arm soreness at injection site  Nothing to report until 11 hours in I started to get cold and an upset stomach.  13 hours: woke up with chills, teeth chattering and couldn’t get warm.  Muscle aches and joint aches too, my literal skin hurt, even my eyeballs burned.  Felt like I had the flu for sure.  I took Tylenol, drifted back to sleep  17 hours: woke again with same symptoms, joint aches too and still chilling, popped some more a Tylenol, lots of urination too. Weird dreams   22 hours: woke for the day, still felt off.  Took day off and tried to hydrate  24 hours: started to feel cold again so took Tylenol and laid down for nap  27 hours: still feel off with nausea too.   28 hours pop another Tylenol and drink some Gatorade and finally start to feel better.    Got a good night sleep and woke up feeling better.  Still feel tired and clammy like I’m getting over a cold but would do it all again to not get covid   So many I know had no side effects to second dose and I was hoping to be one of them...alas that wasn’t the case but still not as bad as what I imagine the real deal to be
80	-2	Actually, it’s FACT, not opinion. Learn to read and research, valuable tools. Go get a vaccine but be sure to read the fine print about how you are releasing the pharmaceutical companies from any liability for adverse side effects or allergic reactions to the vaccines. I don’t give a shit if you want to be injected with an experimental drug. Have at it!!!
456	0	Better?
194	0	Hey! In law school and I worry my side effects (that are like yours) won't go away before my finals. How did the rest of your side effects go after the 1st dose? I got my first dose exactly 24 hours ago.
886	0	So is weed, and it helps with side effects. At least its helped mine.
659	0	Yes! Tingling skin
536	0	$AVIR to the moon 🚀🚀🚀
64	-1	Check your facts:  https://www.fda.gov/vaccines-blood-biologics/vaccines/vaccines-licensed-use-united-states  There are 80+ FDA approved vaccines on the market right now. I cannot speak to the litigious actions of a person toward some pharmaceutical’s vaccine; however, I did comment in an earlier subreddit about my shot #1 of the COVID-19 vaccine experience. I was taking a vaccine that was only licensed for EUA and not full FDA Approval. I still made the choice to get the shot and I will have to live/(hopefully not die) with the consequences of it.   The 33 Norwegians who died were all 80 or older who received the shot and were not in the best of health according to the reports I read; this by no way lessons the impact of choosing to willingly take this 2-part shot, yet I would assume they all also chose to get it freely. I also cannot speak to how vaccines get approved for use in the EU.
44	0	Different Health boards in Wales are administering the second dose either 3 weeks after the first or 12 weeks after the first - this is dependant on whether your health board is looking to get more people fully vaccinated first over more first jabs spread out over the population. Your health board will contact you when it is time for your next jab though but recommendations from Pfizer are to have at least a 3 week waiting period between jabs
305	1	Hey everyone,  I had a lot of comfort and help from everyone posting observations on here and wanted to contribute.  I (20M) got my first dose 3 weeks ago. After getting it, I sat in the observation area for 15 minutes and didn’t feel much different (my arm didn’t even feel sore). I did feel tired, but it was towards the end of the work day.  During check out, they had me bring down my mask to check for rash/irritation. I had no symptoms in terms of that.  About 2-4 hours later, the inside of the arm that got jabbed started to feel itchy. It felt like my muscles were itching.  Right around that time I started to feel pretty tired. I fell asleep and woke up the next day feeling normal.  I felt normal since then. I was tired at points, but I usually feel tired due to poor sleep quality.  I got my second dose yesterday at 4:45PM. The process in the observation area was the same for me. Once again, I felt more tired, but it was towards the end of the work day.  I felt normal for afterwards. I went back to work and even did some physical activity after. I didn’t feel tired like the first one caused me to feel.  I went to sleep at around 12am and woke up at 4AM (12 hours from jab) with chills. Shortly after experiencing the chills, I had feelings of anxiety.   The anxiety went away after a couple of minutes, but the chills persist.   It is now 11:14am. I have chills (less intense), a headache (feels like when you sit on the couch for too long or go on the computer for too long), and slight dizziness.  I hope the symptoms end here and, in the end, am glad I had the opportunity to receive the vaccine.   Good luck to everyone who received (or is receiving) the vaccine.
854	0	Got my vaccine yesterday. After a few hours my arm started hurting and I couldn’t lift it anymore.   Right now I can lift it if I move very slowly but it still hurts quite a bit, especially if you touch it.  Last night I was sick for 1 hour so, throwing up, shivering, going to the toilet… after that it was like nothing happened and now I feel okay if you don’t count the arm.
841	0	No. I am not. Please elaborate. Is it because of the spike proteine ?
360	0	Updates?
85	1	My experience was way more non chalant and positive. It was literally done in 30 seconds. Then I was asked to stay for 15 min so I could be observed in case of an allergic reaction. They offered me coffee and tea. I experienced a very optimistic and perhaps even excited vibe. Medical personel were on site in case anyone needed help. This is in the Netherlands.   For the first shot the only side effect I experienced was muscle pain in the injected arm. I worked the same day and next without any problems.
930	0	Checking in on you! I had COVID before the shot..in February. I basically felt like I had the flu after my first shot and now with all the reviews I don’t think I should get my second. How are you feeling?
283	-2	Who told you that the mRNA vaccines are safer than getting covid? Pfizer?!!  Moderna?  AstraZeneca?!!  Suddenly, you trust pharmaceutical companies making billions off gullible people?!! Purdue pharmaceutical company just got slapped with a $9 billion dollar fine and 3 criminal charges for lying to the public about opioid addiction!!! Bayer pharmaceutical company is also facing criminal charges. We have a world wide opioid epidemic that is caused by your trusted pharmaceutical companies!!!   Obama sighed legislation fast tracking drugs through the already overwhelmed FDA that have turned out to not be safe.  Some carry black box warnings now. Many,‘ many drugs have been recalled for death and injuries. Ever hear of thalidomide?!!! Please look it up!!!   If you are at high risk, obese, have type 2 diabetes, have high blood pressure and are just plain basically unhealthy, you certainly should consider a vaccine otherwise, the cdc states on THEIR website that MOST people recover from covid at home! .1% of the entire population of the USA has died of covid.  .1%!!!   We lose more people to health problems related to cigarettes but YOU think the government and pharmaceutical companies care how you die?    Over 500,000 people die each year from cigarettes but “they” don’t care because “they” tax the hell out of cigarettes. If “they” cared, we’d all have affordable health care and cigarettes would be illegal. You have no one to sue if 6 months from now or 4 years you get ANY adverse side effects or allergic reactions to these covid vaccines because they are NOT FDA APPROVED!!! NO ONE IS LIABLE FOR ANY ADVERSE SIDE EFFECTS OR ALLERGIC REACTIONS TO ANY COVID VACCINE!! Authorization is not FDA approved!!!   If covid could be taxed, our doors would fly open!!! It’s about money!!!  Good luck 👍🏼
811	-1	Appreciate it, thank you. This last week or so has been hell, just praying it goes away and the doctor's haven't had any answers despite their best efforts. Terrified to get the second dose.
922	0	yup, I did it almost 2 weeks ago, nothing happened I stayed there playing on my phone for about half an hour, there were doctors walking around checking and making themselves available just in case anything happened. I didn't even have any side effects so far, no fever, no pain, nausea etc, only little sore arm the first day. Now I'm waiting for my second dose :)
153	0	Update Day 2: my arm is a little sore but actually not as sore as when I got my flu shot back in October. So far I can say I haven’t felt anything that I would classify as side effects or feeling ill. I will update tomorrow if I remember.
160	0	Glad to hear it’s a little better. It seems like several people have had tachycardia (HR>100) after the vaccine. Mine lasted about 10 days, which I think is the exception to the rule. Today is the first day I think I’m in the clear. If it is persistent, you can always ask your PCP or a cardiologist for something to temporarily slow your heart rate down to get you through those episodes. Hope you feel better!
966	0	I went to A&E three times to have it dismissed as anxiety; I'd keep pushing until you're heard so at least it's on the record. Good luck with it all.
386	2	I got 2nd  dose on Tuesday 4/20. I cannot keep anything down, muscles are achy and terrible headache.  But , I guarantee it is better than having COVID so I am willing to suffer for a few days. No regrets.
82	0	You are meant to wait 21 days after your first dose and then have the second one.  I had mine on the 28th of January and my second is scheduled for 15th of April - I am UK based
189	-1	I wish that they would have stuck to the manufacturer’s direction but I understand that they would like to get as many vaccinated as possible. It’s a hard call, I’m not sure what choice is best. I hope that they’ve provided some contingency time for situations involving delays because you’re right. The scheduled second dose is really cutting it close.
677	0	I have had the sinus issue for a couple weeks now. I think it just went away. Haven’t noticed it for the last day or two. Very weird. Almost 3 weeks out from first dose. Glad it’s gone!
644	-1	Instantly turned red and flushed face; offered to call an ambulance - but not bad enough to need one. Been home 48 hours and have had hives, watery eyes, redness.... itching... taken several benedryl. I am nauseous and feel horrible. This is my first dose. I will not be getting a second one.
746	0	This sounds very similar to my first shot as well! Although I didn’t pass out, I almost did and thankfully sat down. Funny, happened when I got up to use the bathroom as well.
771	0	i got my second dose yesterday and today i threw up and have been nonstop coughing and sneezing. my whole body aches so so badly and i can’t lay down without getting a headache. not to mention my hearing was significantly muffled and my skin was discolored moments after they injected it. the doctors said that just happens to people but like it was the worst thing i ever went though. god i was in so much pain and still am. hopefully this will go away within a few days
787	0	Got my first dose today and it apparently (I don't remember it other than waking up surrounded by people) caused me to have a short seizure about 10 minutes after I had it - completely blacked out. Feel fine now other than a sore arm and mostly tired/achey all over. Never had a seizure before.  Hopefully it won't cause much more issues in the coming days/weeks. Will update if it does.  Update: 1 day in - I have a few raised itchy bumps about the size of a 5p coin, mostly over my left side (arm/armpit/leg/butt cheek). Injection was left arm. Almost look like blisters/bites? Either way, super itchy. Still feel tired and arm is achey, otherwise okay.
438	0	Really debating getting second dose. I have a heart condition and celiac, here is my story.  Day 1 and 2 - chest pain, heart was working extra hard, tired Day 3 - extremely nauseous and tired Day 4 - 8 - extremely tired Day 9 (today) - extremely tired and nauseous again  Really concerned and frustrated. Did anyone talk to their doctor?
141	-2	I went and got it too but i sure as hell don't think we have the safest in the world and i know for a fact it's a big risk taking a vaccine that hasn't been out for for the two years...that is the data collection minimum that I normally would want.  There is no real legal recourse for any adverse events as payouts are limited by the vaers system.  You really have to accept risk to take it.  There are things other than thalidomide.  Hundreds of examples where things were caught decades later. Remember DES daughters?
335	0	Hope you are feeling better now.
373	1	No, it makes it so your body can eliminate covid before 1. Having enough of the virus to pass on to anyone and  2. Have serious symptoms of covid. Have you even looked up how a vaccine works?
313	0	got my second shot on Tuesday noon. Had a fever from Tue night till Wednesday night. Since then, a mild headache that persists until now (Fri afternoon).
287	0	First shot yesterday 3/10.  Within the first hour: sore throat with lump in the throat feeling on the right side when I swallowed.   Hours 1-8: headachey, fatigued, but not too bad. Sore throat went away at some point.   Last night: Arm started to get really sore. Had trouble falling asleep, achy body/sensitive skin started happening. Woke up in the middle of the night with chills, turned up the heater. Partner said it was really hot but I kept complaining I was freezing.   Today: no energy, achy body and sensitive skin feeling has persisted. Cancelled my one client for the day because I have zero energy to give to another person right now. Also I keep sneezing, which is unlike me (never get allergies, etc). Like someone has said, feels like a seasonal cold but without the mucus symptoms.
777	0	Received my shot 2.5 days ago. About 2-3 hours later I fell asleep and slept for 11 hours. The next day I was still tired and my arm hurt so I couldn't lay on my side. Today everything is back to normal, including energy levels.
212	0	Got my first dose today in Ontario. I’m scheduled for the second dose on July 14.
738	2	I had my first dose yesterday morning about 9am, a few hours later my arm started to ache around the injection site and it gradually spread/ worsened. By the evening, it hurt to use/ lift my arm and my whole body ached. I felt very tired, like I had the flu.   About 1:30am, I got up to use the toilet and felt quite dizzy. I think I passed out as I woke up sat on the toilet but hadn’t done anything, it must have been as soon as I sat down. I’d fallen forwards into a towel rail and that woke me up.   Got up and felt awful, so went to lie on the floor. I remember a bang and thinking I’d have woken my partner up - I think I collapsed. I woke up (again) on the floor covered in sweat. Lay there for a while unable to move.   When I finally managed to get up, I took some paracetamol and went back to bed where my fever quickly changed to chills.  I woke up this morning feeling a bit achey, arm is still sore, but fine otherwise. I think I’ve had Covid before so maybe that’s why I got such a strong reaction. I just wanted to share my experience. As another commenter said, I’ve been looking for people online to “share in my misery!”  One night of feeling shit is worth it if it gets us out of this mess, I’m so glad I’m finally (partly) vaccinated.
728	0	Did your joint pain ever subside?
596	1	Got my second dose last Friday (4/30) and DAMN, that shit knocked me on my ass. 😂 I went from gloating to my bf about being invincible to a shivering, sweaty little bee-yotch hours later. I read about the “24-hour post-vaccine flu” so much but going through it was a weird experience and I regret nothing!!  **Long version if anyone cares:**  • First dose, I had a super sore arm, nothing else. Got my second shot midday Friday and fell asleep feeling great.   • Woke up 10 hours after my shot in a pool of sweat and discomfort. Really thought I could outsmart Pfizer by falling asleep on it. I forced myself out of bed to pee and almost stopped mid-stream to throw-up. Was at that level of discomfort and nauseousness where you just land on the bed and put little effort into anything beyond that.   • Woke up confused, sweaty, hot, cold, and feverish all at once. Had *super* vivid dreams. Also my head hurt in a very unique, shitty way. Popped an excederin and continued to sleep as much as possible. Any awake periods were confusing, sweaty, hot, cold and feverish.   • Night rolled around and I did the unspoken, drank NyQuil. I truly believe this vaccine no-no saved me and gave me a beautiful, healing slumber.  • Day 2 Post-Pfizer: I woke up feeling brand new (still slightly sweaty). Felt amazing all day, honestly, I feel better than before… like my body hit reset. Still unnecessarily sweaty tho.
408	0	That's wonderful to hear! And reassuring! Good luck with your pregnancy!
254	0	Got the vaccine on 2/18- sore arm, nausea, headache, and fatigue shortly after. 1 day later my arm was still sore and I started developing redness and a rash. By day 4 the redness went away. As of yesterday, the redness, rash, and tenderness came back. I’m slightly worried... has anyone else experienced this? I’m also still fatigued.
776	0	Going down that road in time together 🙏🏽.  I’ll be honest I’m afraid, however it gives me solace to know I’m riding this out with you.
123	0	The same thing happened to me!! I drive for work and usually always have Takis in my car to snack on. After getting the first dose I ate like 2 takis and I felt sick because it was so spicy- like I was sweating and had chills. My other side effects were just being SUPER fatigued and my arm/armpit/lymphnodes hurt like hell for a few days. I’m 27/F
116	0	I felt headaches and dizziness for about 10 days after the first shot. It finally went away and so I got the second shot. It’s been 12 days since the second shots symptoms started (same ones) and they haven’t gone away yet. Had a CT scan and tests at an ENT. Nothing found yet. Except my anxiety is through the roof which in turn has increased my BP which is usually perfect.
375	0	Tylenol / Aleve have helped me deal with the body/muscle aches. Might be worth a shot.
572	0	updates? I got my first shot yesterday
900	0	Its been 4 days, and my heart rate has increased, RHR went from 70-80->100, did some minor work today and active heart rate jumped to 130, at my intense workouts, I usually cap at 115. Chest muscles and tender and sore too
451	0	Are you back to 100% yet?
333	0	Got the vaccine last week Day 1: mild soreness at injection site Day 2: Arm much more sore, hurts to lift arm. Noticing some muscle pain around neck and back on same side I got the vaccine. Also fatigued. Day 3: Arm hurts less, less muscle pain. Still fatigued Day 4: No more arm or muscle pain. Intermittent nausea, about an hour of feeling light headed/dizzy. Pretty bad fatigue.  Day 5: Just very fatigued  Day 6: Nausea for about an hour, went away but then had another lighted/ dizzy feeling for an hour after that. Still continue to feel very fatigued even though I slept like 12 hours last night.
845	2	There seems to he a trend of people either getting sick 3ish days post vaccination and then again at days 10-15. It makes sense though, RNA transcription peaks at 72 hours which would explain the Ill feeling at that time  10-15 days is how long it takes for antibody production to start, which would explain why others are getting sick at that point.  In the Clinical trials pfizer made note that delayed reactions were common.
589	0	Hey, so how are u feeling now? Did you get your 2nd shot?
271	0	How long ago did you get your shot?
91	-2	The smartest? You suddenly trust the government and big pharmaceutical companies with your health? The same government that makes health insurance out of reach for 28 million people? The same pharmaceutical companies that just got sued for $9 billion dollars for lying about OxyContin being addictive?!!! You trust a drug in your body that has not been approved by the FDA?!! 😳
4	2	I’ve had both injections, my second on Monday (today is Friday for those reading this at a later date). I’m a teacher who has been in-person since August with underlying health conditions, so any complaints I have take a backseat to the protection it affords.  First injection: got it in the afternoon with no initial symptoms other than some fatigue later that evening. The next morning I woke up and felt like I had fallen on a doorknob with the shoulder that received the shot, which is an atypical reaction for me when receiving vaccinations. I did my usual activities, including some light tree pruning, cursing my arm because it hurt but it didn’t hinder my activities greatly. The next morning that pain was gone and I had no other symptoms.  Second injection: noticed swollen lymph nodes under the injection arm that are sensitive to the touch. I may be running a slight temperature or I may be overheating easier. I’ve had some mental health issues: increased anxiety and mood swings. My physiology is particularly sensitive to vaccines and medications in general (I don’t know why, my psychiatrist doesn’t know why—just lucky, I guess /s). It’s nothing I can’t recognize and deal with, since I’ve gotten used to living in this body with its many quirks. The random anxiety I have been experiencing is nothing compared to the panic I felt back in March when no one knew what the hell was going on.  10/10 would do it again.
441	0	You’ll find information like this on disreputable sites like infowars, who often cite themselves as the source, along with all the male vitality supplements you need!
120	0	I had a similar experience.  I got Pfizer dose 1 last Tuesday.  Nothing other than sore shoulder days 1-2.  Day 3 I went for a walk and felt ill as I arrived home.  Felt mildly ill for 2-3 hours, then just tired out the rest of day 3-4.  Day 5 and since I was normal again, went snowboarding day 7.
46	0	Is Pfizer going to blow up like GameStop?
716	0	How are you feeling now? Hope better ! I have similar symptoms  3 months now with it.
946	0	Did it ever go away?
672	0	Hey how is your girlfriend feeling now, does she still have shortness of breath?
675	0	How are you feeling now? Back to normal?
650	2	My experience with Pfizer first dose was almost one of elation, very odd. No vaccine response, which bothered me slightly as that tells you something is happening and the immune system is functioning. Luckily,2nd jab and flu like aches etc for 24 hours. But it is weird when you read these posts and tough for some. All I would say is take the 2nd jab, 1 only gives you 35% protection against the Indian variant and recent research has shown increased lung damage from Covid.🤞
142	0	Hey guys, I received the Pfizer Vaccine (only the first dose so far) and am looking for others to share experiences, mainly experience a week after the shot as well as related to physical activity and working out. I did feel a little soreness in the shoulder the day after but felt overall alright. However it's been over a week now and I feel generally more tired at all times, especially at the gym. I am a hobby bodybuilder and am In the sport for 5 years now. Ever since I received the vaccine, I feel like my workouts have been short, way more exhausting and weaker. Has anyone else experienced this?
820	0	got my shot yesterday. 5 mins after started feeling really hot, so I took my mask off next thing you know. I started feeling uneasy and seeing blackspots. the pharmacist took me to emerge room so I could lay down. anyways all good went home. 1 day later I feel normal but my arm hurts 😫
794	0	Update: about 16 hours out and feel okay. Maybe a slight headache/pressure and arm is very sore but no other symptoms. So far this is nothing like the first dose where I had some ugly symptoms. If anything changes I will update!  Edit: want to mention I feel like I did not sleep well last night. Might be vaccine related/might be because my shoulder hurts and cannot sleep on other side.
430	-2	No. I’m not getting a covid vaccine. If I get covid, I’ll get the antibodies my body needs. It’s been over a year and I’ve not gotten covid. I’m careful and healthy. Good luck
902	0	I'm 10 days past second dose, and I've been having issues with my throat. Starting 2 days after my second dose I noticed soreness in my throat and my lymph nodes were swollen aswell. I went to the doctor a week after getting my second dose with swollen lymph nodes in my neck and white sores in the back of my throat. Currently I've been taking medication prescribed to me. And the sores have gone down a little bit; however, I have no other side effects other than brain fog. Lately I've been looking for a new job and my interviews don't seem to go that well, as I am not able to come up with the answer as I'm being asked. It's unfortunate, and I'm feeling like I can't think of words to describe things as well either. Maybe some of you are experiencing the same thing, but I have no answer for it and neither did my doctor. All my Doc had to say is "well you don't have strep throat". So I'm wondering what I'm experiencing. I've done some research into this and from the research I've done, I've found that in Google the Phizer "Long Haul" search result says may experience swollen lymph nodes but nothing on sores in the throat.
684	0	Alright I'm gonna write my first dose history, I'm 20, 6'2 and black ethnic background if that matters, keep in mind that i also have Hayfever and it's that time if the year so some symptoms here might be the result of that but here we go  **Immediately-3hrs** - Sudden increased body temperature, can feel my heart working harder. Sore at the injection point (left shoulder), dead arm.  **3hrs-15hr** - Feel completely normal at bursts and have an random soreness at times, slight headache, tiredness  **18hrs-33hr** Soreness has reduced, fell almost normal. temperature is a little bit above. Need more sleeping hours, and a sore throat now???  **37hrs** - Feel completely fine for now, arm just a little sore, isn't an issue
71	0	Update: it’s 12
937	0	I think the vaccine is more likely to mimic flu symptoms than cold symptoms… if that’s any peace of mind!  Im now 48 hours post second dose and feel entirely fine. My arm was less sore than the first, and I haven’t noticed any major changes. My Fitbit has shown that my heart rate increased slightly, but that’s apparently to be expected while your body is fighting off any sort of illness. ☺️  I hope you have a similarly pleasant experience with your second round!
814	0	Thanks so much for your reply!! Speedy recovery 💕💕
819	0	72 hours after my first Pfizer jab.   I've had a bad headcold for the past 3 days with constant sneezing, blocked/runny nose, pressure in head. Hopefully its my immune system doing its thang.  Neither of my parents had any reaction to their jabs.
792	0	Hi I had my first jab on Sunday after finally giving in I am a 49 f . I didn’t feel any side effects but have noticed since yesterday my mood is very low and I get agitated very easily and normally if I ever feel like that I can pull myself back up quite quickly but I am struggling right now. Also feeling a lot colder than usual and have had the heating on even throughout the night . I do feel very anxious to get 2nd jab as I have read the side effects are usually stronger
958	0	Hi there! I got my first shot 4 days ago. My arm hurt for two days and I’ve had nausea ever since plus really bad heartburn. The nausea is the worst part. Don’t know if it matters but I had covid in March, so maybe it hits different?
293	0	No issues whatsoever. My arm was sore for a day or two but that’s it.
214	0	Just had my first today dose today. Its been 3.5 hrs. At about minute 20 I noticed my lips felt tingly but that only lasted about 5 minutes.  At about minute 30 it felt as if a headache coming on but it only lasted about 5 minutes. 2 hrs after my arm felt weak especially at the elbow. The weakness lasted 30 minutes or so. Throught the 3.5 hours I have had a bit of pain at the injection site along with itchiness that comes and goes. Im not sure if this is me being hyper aware but there it is. Ill edit if anything changes tomorrow but let hope not.
331	-2	🤣 ok. See you in 6 months or a year or two. Please look up thalidomide!!! Look up Purdue pharmaceutical companies recent $9 billion dollar fine it just got slapped with and the 3 criminal charges is has for lying to the public about opioid addiction. Look up Bayer pharmaceutical company and the pending lawsuits regarding opioids and look up Monsanto while you are at it. Suddenly, everyone believes pharmaceutical companies are more interested in your health than profits?!! Please. Look up thalidomide!!  Do that at least.
889	0	I can’t say I’ve had exactly the same experience, but I’ve had a mild, unusual feeling in my head since my first dose on 26th June. It’s been 8-9 days now. It’s hard to describe—it’s not a headache, can’t really be described as fatigue and not debilitating enough to prevent me from working, running errands, etc. But I hate that I haven’t been feeling myself since the first shot and I’m now worried about what the second dose might bring. Although my side effects have been mild, their persistence (longer than the ‘one to three days’ I keep hearing about) makes me worry that my immune system isn’t functioning as it should  😒
603	0	my little sister got her 2nd dose a few weeks ago and says that since being able to go back to the gym, she no longer gets her post-workout high, instead she'll get nothing or cry uncontrollably...  has anyone had a similar feeling, or is this in her head?
901	0	Hi, there's light at the end of the tunnel.  I am finally getting over the worst migraine I have ever experienced in my life after getting the second dose of Pfizer 15 days .  The pain for 6 days was so debilitating to the point that i went to the ER.  I've been on migraine medication and bedridden for several days. Today is day 15 since the vaccine and I'm finally feeling better.    Hang in there!  Stay safe and healthy!
836	0	Hey! I’m so glad my post helped you a bit - it’s good to know us anxious folks aren’t in it alone.   I obviously can’t speak to what you’re experiencing as I’m not a doctor, but it does sound very similar to what happened to me… and it sounds like we’re both okay, so that’s what matters!   I’ll definitely update after my second dose. I’ve gotten a Fitbit to monitor my heart/breathing in an attempt to decrease the chances of my anxiety flaring up. Perhaps you should consider something similar if you’re concerned about your vitals. 🤍
88	0	The pulsative tinnitus is gone, now it's just dizziness and nausea and maybe a two second headache at some random point in the day.
652	0	I felt soreness around the site of the shot after the first jab. And then after the 2nd shot, I maybe felt a little sluggish and wanted to sleep or rest the next day (maybe like I had worked out really hard the day before?) but I worked and went to the gym anyways.  It wasn’t anything that stopped me from doing what I wanted to do.   I’ve had a few friends and coworkers get the Pfizer shot (multiple races and age) and most everyone has had similar mild to no symptoms. ONE guy said he was sick the next day (like diarrhea) ?? and he was older black male in his 60s.   Most of the Moderna crew had a fever and had to take the next day off work tho after the 2nd shot!
429	0	So my question to this community...  Why hasn't Pfizer stock skyrocketed in comparison to other Pharma companies that also delivered a vaccine to the market?
203	0	Did it get better? I’m having high heart rate and chest tightness as well.
842	0	Then yes, FDA means USA. I wouldn't eat FDA approved food unless approved outside USA. Most other countries have more stringent measures.   But you are my sweetie, cos you're being so cutely silly and ignorant.   FYI given you didn't pick up on this from my original response, I'm not from USA. Thank fuck.  It's a very cool place to visit but you and your ilk is why I would never ever want to spend an elongated period of time there (and I hate my own country!). You people are so weird, if ignorant, and sadly dangerous. I find if hilarious, because I'll show this discussion to my American friend who now has British citizenship and my London friends and the response will be 'well... it's USA'  I'd add that many aren't like this, and are normal humans. It is sad that the person I replied to is what those outside the USA see of you. I am still sad that you don't have an NHS equivalent for all.
543	1	Got my second dose of Pfizer yesterday.   The first dose kicked my ass, my arm hurt like a Charlie horse all day and I became drowsy after like 8 hrs. I was super tired and didn’t eat  My 2nd one had no effects whatsoever. I actually am surprised because I’ve heard horror stories on the 2nd shot.  So overall it was okay. But I’m happy no side effects   Keep it going #pfizergang
468	1	Try to plan on doing nothing but hydrating and sleeping for at least the next 24 hours if possible. I feel like the more you can rest and let your body do whatever it’s going to do, the quicker you get through it. Best of luck on your finals!
436	1	I also have anxiety and depression and about 10 hours after my first shot I got hit with a massive panic attack and intense anxiety came and went for like 4 days.  I’ve heard from a doctor that this side effect is being reported by many.  I woke up today cautiously optimistic that it has mostly passed.  This wasn’t a normal panic/anxiety attack for me.  It didn’t build up, it was like getting hit by a truck of fear.  I’m not at all vaccine hesitant so it wasn’t anxiety around that.  My brain just decided I definitely had inoperable cancer and that my husband and cat were about to die.  I don’t have any good reason to think these things—it was just this really intense sense of doom.     Covid does attack the nervous system so perhaps while our bodies build immunity to it some of us are experiencing brain stuff?
940	0	Got my second dose yesterday. It feels like I haven't slept all night and I've got a mild stomach ache as well.
278	0	It looks like that’s all we can do for now. Hope you’re feeling better and that your results come back ok!
625	0	Hope you’re feeling better today.   All my side effects went after the 2 week mark and I’ve felt great since.   On to jab number 2 :)
282	0	Splash cold water on your face
662	0	Hey there ! I had severe vomiting after 11 hours ofy second shot , thank God I felt ok after 3 days. But my husband had fever the first day after his second dose. After 12 days , he started feeling dizzy , I'm very much worried , PL suggest. Thanks.
898	0	Hey! Will strong side effects from the 1st shot usually mean feeling even worse after the 2nd, or could it actually be the other way around? What are your experiences?
732	0	Both doses- arm pain for 1-2 days. Nothing else. This thread got me worried for no reason lol. For my younger sister, same thing. Ages 20’s and 30’s.
844	1	I assume you're a teen or something? Basically there's a lot of people who spent their lives being super experts in their areas (they're super annoying usually). Those people who did that, they came together across the world and worker ridiculously and they fast tracked stuff cos it was no longer beholden to when it needed to be delivered and likelihood of profit. Across the globe everyone been fucked by this, so the researchers got to do their research and not have to stagger when they announced it.   The entire world shut down which had massive economic impacts.  So on a rare occasion, the non forced staggered testing of things that might take the world out of it was accepted. There are a numbers of western jabs which are being used. People have the jabs because they want this to end, and also because lack of coughing and what not means less spread. It is not a cure. It is a way of getting life back to some semblance of normality. And believe me sweetie, the big corps want that more than we do. We're only concerned about people dying, they're concerned about the cash. Your weird USA health care system is third world but basically the stuff is there to read and if we want to have a fucking normal life ever again then having a vaccination is better than  not. I don't wanna do of smallpox, tb, rubella, or polio and thankfully I was vaccinated against majority.    As far as I can tell your attitude is 'I don't understand it and no-one I know very well has died. I'm so paranoid that any one gives a shit about my movements that they want to push me into needing a vaccine. The bill Gates (who doesn't even own that shit anymore) and other evil corps are just out to get me even though they've lost billions due to the pandemic'. Sweetie, I just don't get your logic
33	0	Oh, so you had trouble sleeping as well! Interesting. I do suspect it might have been from the vaccine as I noticed a different pattern from when I’m just tired or stressed.  Thanks for sharing!
399	1	I hear you but your risks from Covid are greater. Your headaches etc may be related to something else... have you see a dr?
130	0	how do you feel now?
127	0	Tachycardia is not NORMAL. Anxiety can cause it but if it doesn’t slow down, call your doctor!!!
342	0	I chugged water. Like over 100oz. I heard it helped and maybe it did?
442	-1	Who told you they are safe?
821	0	I got an appointment for the 1st and 2nd dose of the vaccine, but my 2nd dose is 41 days after my 1st one. Will this still be effective or shall I try to get new appointments?  My first dose will be given to me on July 3 and the second one will be given on August 13. Its 6 weeks apart.  Everyone else had this schedule? Should I be worried that it won't be as effective compared to if the doses were administered 21 days between each other?  Thanks!
765	0	Hi I came across your symptoms are you better now? I am sorry you have had to go through that. I also have the same symptoms almost 3 months now after the first dose I didn't take the second one .
81	2	I’ve done my research, looked at mountains of data and studies. The FDA has given emergency approval and while slightly different, no less vigorous a process. I got my second dose of Pfizer yesterday. This isn’t a virus you want, ever.   Considering the effectiveness of the vaccines you should go get in line now.  We have the safest and most transparent medication and therapeutics approval process in the world. Hence, why the US never approved thalidomide, even provisionally.   If you don’t want to go actually digging through research, please listen to the podcast “This Week in Virology” by a group of virologists!!!!
788	0	I got my first dose of the Pfizer vaccine on Friday. I woke up Saturday feeling terrible and slept all day Saturday, Sunday and most of Monday. I also have body aches, GI issues, fever, high blood pressure and high heart rate. I expected to have rough side effects because I had Covid last year. I went to urgent care Monday evening and tested positive for the flu. Has anyone else had this happen?
954	1	Are you confused sweetie? There are multiple scientific papers as to the vaccine and I could understand if you didn't get all of them or any. I read a number and I don't have the scientific education to know in depth the academic reason that this works. But you seem to be stating that there was just some random rule from nothing (rather than a massive research intensive exercise across the world). What is 'it' as a democracy? I assume (potentially in an incorrectly condescending way) that you mean the USA. If that is the case then my feeling is that a teen  global power it's very sad that you didn't manage to actual push equality properly.  The previous empires had always been so poor (you know this cos you guys were part of them). It's very sad that the USA is further behind many potentially almost irrelevant places.
154	1	Been experiencing similar symptoms to what I've been reading here, which makes me feel a bit better today since I'm not alone in this. A little background on me: I'm 38 (m) non smoker, extremely active run/workout 5/6 days a week, fairly healthy balanced diet, no known prexisting conditions.   Got my first dose of Pfizer on Saturday (2/20). No immediate effects noticed.   Day 1 - Sunday: Arm soreness, nothing else   Day 2 - Monday: I feel fine, back to normal. Arm soreness gone. Was able to workout without a problem.  Day 3 - Tuesday: Tuesday evening began to develop a fever. Had chills and cold sweats. Fever went to 102 F.  Day 4 - Wednesday: Fever was up and down, started to develop a sore throat, minor congestion. At this point I was convinced that I caught Covid based on symptoms and went and got tested. Had very low energy and continued to sleep throughout most of the day.   Day 5 - Thursday: No fever today, but still very lethargic and low energy. Sore throat persists. Results from Covid test came back negative.   Day 6 - Friday: My body still feels run down. Attempted to workout. It was a struggle and felt like I was working out hungover. Also developed a headache which seemed to be concentrated behind my eyes. Low grade fever (99F) and still super tired. Sore throat isn't as bad as the day before.  Day 7 - Saturday: Slept 13 hours and headache still persists. Sore throat seems to be gone but I'm still low energy and running a low fever (99F). Have not moved from bed.   I'm thankful to have the vaccine but coincidentally had a week off from work. I couldn't imagine going to work and being productive with these symptoms. If the second dose is allegedly worse, I do not look forward to it.   Side note: I have been reporting my symptoms to the daily V-safe texts that I get from the CDC.
507	0	Got my first dose yesterday. Tingling sensation right after getting it and soreness kicked in an hour in. Now it's been 16 hours, no new symptoms but arm is extremely sore, can't really move it. Will share more everyday!
490	0	I got my first dose on 4/12 and I had soreness and pain in the shoulder. On the I got my shot, I couldn't sleep well in the night. The next day, I had fatigue and shoulder pain. Today I am all good, except for a little pain in the shoulder.
943	1	I  31M and i had same issue, got first shot on june 24 and still have some side effects like head dizziness and some random body pain, i think ot's just the immune system building up against spike protein, but i'm concerned about the second shot. I had two panic attacks but i know it's just a brain thing so the second one was less impactful, i just remained calm.  Yesterday i felt my face a bit sleepy like when you keep a limb stuck under your weight, i hope those will go away. My second shot will be on july 14, i hope i'm not the only one with those issues but my blood analysis are perfect
383	0	I agree with her, It was really weird especially after my second shot, my heart rate was insanely unpredictable. I'd say I had heart problems mainly the first week after the shot and sporadically after that. I had one night where I couldn't fall asleep because my heart rate was keeping me awake. I'd say the worst part lasted a few days but my heart rate was higher than normal for a week or so
431	1	I developed shingles 13 days after receiving my first shot. I have an autoimmune disorder which might have contributed to this extreme reaction.  Despite this painful experience, I plan to receive my second shot after completing my anti-viral treatment.
607	0	Same, day 7,8,9,10 body aches/headaches/hot shots with sweating. Today day 11 still same. (Pcr negative)
465	0	Now go bye bye
345	0	20M Healthy, average built, 170 lbs  First dose: I took it and all I really felt was soreness within the arm I took it in and no real side effects with it. The days after, I had no side affects at all and felt completely fine although the soreness did get a little more tender and had some slight pain using the arm that was administered the shot.   Second dose: I just took it today at 1:30, I feel fine right now. Will update as time goes.  Update 1: it’s been over 2 hours after I received my second dose and I feel completely fine. No soreness, fatigue or sickness like symptoms. Will keep updating as time progresses.  Update 2: it’s almost 9:30pm, about 8 hours after I got my 2nd shot, and so far all I’ve felt was fatigue. When to sleep for an hour and woke up feeling a little more awake. No sickness or headache yet. So far so good.
852	0	Hi everyone   I got second dose like 1 week ago..but i feel like heart problems fast pounding..i was healthy before get vax.  I really dont know whats going on..i couldnt sleep well most of time..and i dont have health provider..or insurance...any advice?
764	0	I’m actually just starting to recover now after three months, I did get my second dose on march 31 had symptoms worsened, steroids help though so I thinks it’s definitely some sort of inflammation, I think you just have to wait it out until it leaves your system
463	-1	Just got my second dose of Pfizer vaccine yesterday AM.  It's been almost 36 hours and feel nothing. Zero side effects.  There was a bit of very mild arm soreness yesterday, but today it is no more.  I could even do lateral shoulder raises with decent weights.  Is this normal? Does that mean the vaccine didn't work?  Was I given a bad quality/expired vaccine?    I recall after my first doze I had some arm soreness and little bit of headache in the night. I was expecting to be hit by a truck in dose 2.  But nothing happened.  Not sure if I'm still protected..
503	0	hope you had a kid or two before it
162	0	I got my first dose Saturday.  On the day of, I felt nauseous and very tired. But was able to sort of get rid of that after eating dinner.  The second and third days, I had a slight sore throat. It isn’t officially listed as a symptom, but I thought I should mention it.   I’m on the fourth day, and I currently have a bit of a headache and some slight fatigue. Nothing too bad.  I haven’t experienced what you’ve described. But it’s also been less than a week, so we’ll see.
542	0	Is there anyone here who had absolutely no symptoms for their first shot including no arm soreness at all but had side effects for their second dose?
17	0	most people experience no side effects from the vaccine lmao
550	0	Feeling any better? I had my second shot yesterday and going through basically the same symptoms.
999	0	Jesus. Wonder why it took a few days after to start experiencing all of that
775	0	I had my 1st dose around 48h ago. It was Friday evening. Got pretty dizzy right after but then after some food etc thought it’s kinda better. Went to sleep and woke up earlier than usual feeling normal.  During the day the side effects started to kick in, dizziness, headaches, nausea, stomach tickles, bone ache. Walked around 15km though and it was hot. Temperature started to go up and took take 1/2g gram Paracetamol only in the evening when my temperature was 38,3*C. Slept the night sweating and woke up next day fine. A slight headache now but hopefully it’s gone tomorrow. I was expecting a better experience.  Anyone else who had similar symptoms after the 1st dose? In this case, how did the second one go for you? Did you experience even stronger side effects?
504	0	Glad you’re feeling back to normal! Appreciate the response, as it’s always good to hear a happy ending to these unique cases. Helps give others reading this some peace of mind.
882	0	Nothing out of ordinary. Maybe since the heat wave here and stuff I just haven't noticed. (2nd dose)
458	0	Hey also did you experience ur hands and feet being a bit tingly... Like for a week after the shot or even when I ran around my feet would be tingly
945	0	This is the subreddit Pfizer, so I got Pfizer ;)
626	0	It's been 3 months. How do you feel now?
309	1	I have very similar symptoms, especially with the rib cage pain, in and out of sleep, and chills.   Still planning on getting the second dose. I interface heavily with the public in both work and my private practice. Zoom has been okay, but it would be really helpful to see some of them in person (once we are both vaccinated and still with masks/hepa filters/air flow, etc).
848	0	Mine seems to be neurological and I'm so scared :(
428	0	I did wake up with a swollen lip after mine own first dose.  Shouldst i beest concerned?  ***    ^(I am a bot and I swapp'd some of thy words with Shakespeare words.)  Commands: `!ShakespeareInsult`, `!fordo`, `!optout`
264	1	Got my first dose about 4.5 hours ago. Felt totally normal at first but about 2 hours after I started having mild shortness of breath, trouble swallowing and fatigue. Guess it’s working!
364	0	Yes it literally only lasted one day for me
55	1	TL:DR No sooner than 17 days and no further than 42.    Walgreens currently only lets you do 21-22. I plan to change the date of my first one on their form to a day after my first dose so I can schedule me second one for a Friday so I don’t miss work if I feel like shit after.  CDC as of 2/10/21  “Persons should not be scheduled to receive the second dose earlier than recommended (i.e., 3 weeks [Pfizer-BioNTech] or 1 month [Moderna]). However, second doses administered within a grace period of 4 days earlier than the recommended date for the second dose are still considered valid. Doses inadvertently administered earlier than the grace period should not be repeated.  The second dose should be administered as close to the recommended interval as possible. However, if it is not feasible to adhere to the recommended interval and a delay in vaccination is unavoidable, the second dose of Pfizer-BioNTech and Moderna COVID-19 vaccines may be administered up to 6 weeks (42 days) after the first dose. There are currently limited data on efficacy of mRNA COVID-19 vaccines administered beyond this window. If the second dose is administered beyond these intervals, there is no need to restart the series.”  [cdc vaccine guidelines ](https://www.cdc.gov/vaccines/covid-19/info-by-product/clinical-considerations.html)
157	0	Got my first vaccine two days ago, didn’t feel anything immediately after. Next morning I had a sore arm and was very sleepy. Spent the whole day feeling groggy, woke up today feeling the same. Feels like I’m fighting off a small cold, little cough and a slight ache all over. Nothing major. Overall seems on par with others experiences. Will update after round 2.
939	0	im due to get my period in a week so it just might be PMS symptoms, but my boobs are ridiculous sore (although they've been like this the past couple cycles)
689	0	Is four weeks okay?
421	0	Got my first shot yesterday, arm is sore and I’m a little fatigued but otherwise fine
524	0	Much longer than a week for me.
755	1	No prob it was something I figured I’d do to let people know how it was. I know sometimes you only see the really bad stuff online so it’s good to let people know it can be totally minimal as well. My wife got her second shot yesterday of Pfizer and she was just really sore and lethargic. Her first shot he felt fine. Good luck and I hope you feel ok.
398	0	How long did it take you to be 100%?
547	0	Anyone else having recurrent fever, chills and achy since second dose? My experience is Day1 just injection site pain, Day2 fever 101F, chills, achy, Day3 itchy, warm injection site but other symptoms gone, Day4 and Day 5 fever 99F-100F, chills, achy are back.
887	0	Hahahhaha... am resting in the clinic now after my 1st shot. Scrolling through reddit & came across your post, can't stop laughing... screenshot and send this to my hubby across me with the msg "some hot night tonight!" Hahahha glad that u r fine!
723	0	I’m sorry to hear that bro anytime I’ve never had an appetite in my life I’d tried to stick to smoothies if you haven’t tried that at least but keep me updated man I hope you feel better soon
487	0	First dose 5 days ago. Felt like crap ever since. First 3 days couldn't sleep, just wasn't tired. Body aches especially in feet, legs, and back. They went away but slight stomach pain and nausea has been the thing for the past 2 days. Also really bad dehydration. Drinking a lot and peeing a lot, not absorbing anything. Overall feeling better than the day after the shot, but still not as good as the day before it.
261	0	I received the 1st dose on Jan 28th.  Came home and napped for 2 hours within 30 minutes of having the shot.  Woke up to a very sore injection site, low grade fever, head & body aches.  This all lasted about 3 days.    Had the 2nd shot on February 19th.  Same affects however.....this horrible headache just won’t go away.  Even now, more than 1 month later, I’m having the worst headaches I’ve ever had.  I take extra strength Tylenol everyday.  It only dulls the pain.  Today, I resorted to taking hydrocodone (left over from a procedure I had in December).   That only worked for about 3 hours and the headache is back right now.  I don’t know what to do.
620	1	Look through some of the negative comments in here, many are one comment posters, or very infrequent. Lots of the comments likely aren’t real but people trying to push an agenda.  I had my first shot with zero side effects, not even a sore arm. My wife had a sore arm for a few hours.
539	-1	update? I'm also super anxious about getting my second shot. I'm also anxious about delayed side effects, from what I've been reading in this little section.   I have a really awful fear of vomits and being nauseous. Reading these comments are really freaking me the f\*ck out.
514	0	1st shot: felt fine minus sore arm  2nd shot: KNOCKED ME ON MY ASS. My husband had a fever for two days. I feel like I was put in the washer on an extra spin cycle. My body and head ache like never before. I’m on day number three, slowly feeling better but still exhausted and achy.   *side-note: we both believe we had Covid in January 2020 in Italy in vacation. Curious of how other people have felt who have had Covid with the Pfizer vaccine.
533	0	Sounds very similar to my first dose. I immediately felt “off”. Very lethargic etc. woke up around 6am with extreme chills. Went away by 8am. Very strange.
158	0	I had severe bouts of vertigo after the first shot and then headaches that last for 10 days. The after the second shot I had the same but slight dizziness and headaches. Now 12 days out and still have them. I feel the same way. I told my husband I just want to sit and cry because it’s not getting better. I had a CT scan and a hearing test and bloodwork done. Nothing came up. Scheduled for vestibular testing, allergy testing and an MRI. Oh and I’ve had pulsative tinnitus and heart palpitations also but with a normal pulse rate.
559	1	Anytime! Sorry if I was blunt lol I'm tired, but I am living proof you'll most likely survive lmao but if my heart survived that yours will! I take stimulants everyday and pre-workout 🥴
506	0	Wow. I got my first dose of Pfizer yesterday and reading this makes me so freaking scared. I have a really bad fear of Vomiting and Nausea.   I really hope this doesn't happen to me
368	-2	This is NONE of your business!!! You are injecting yourself with a drug that is not FDA approved for safety or efficacy. You can STILL get covid!!! Now go play with your dolls. It’s a personal decision and mine to make based on MY health and my relationship to pharmaceutical drugs!!! I did not tell you not to get one. Go for it. Apparently, you feel strongly about it. I don’t care what you do.
948	0	Thanks for the reply. Yeah I still feel sick, kind of like I’ve catched a cold. Super curious if it is because of the vaccine or just like in general (but technically it is way too warm for that).  Guess I’ll try to relax on the weekend.  Thanks for the idea with the Fitbit. Maybe I will actually get something like an Apple Watch since these can also do EKG and track everything. Indeed for me it’s usually concerns about the heart mainly.  But again I can’t do much other than wait and see what my body does. Relaxing it’s actually hard with an anxiety disorder as you probably can relate. Hope you have a great weekend though.
574	1	Did you recover? I had my first Pfizer shot over two months ago and I’ve been dealing with extreme muscle fatigue/general fatigue that started off minor but now it’s essentially a full blown exercise intolerance. I got on a assault bike the other day for 6 minutes and I can barely move my arms two days later. I am supposed to get my second shot soon, which I hope will make me feel better.
936	-1	What’s the downsides to backing out of the 2nd dose? I’m worried about the longer term side effects the person above you listed off. I got the first but almost immediately regretted it and will likely wait out the 2nd until we get more information out about it.   Especially knowing they are now trying to push a 3rd… something fishy is going on.
77	-1	You just made a good point. There is no cure for the flu or covid. I stopped getting the flu vaccine years ago and I stopped getting the flu. Good luck to you
715	0	Hey how are you feeling now, does she still have shortness of breath?
648	0	Is that the same reaction you had to the first shot or better/worse?
813	0	I had sore ribs, severe back pain and abdominal pain on the 3rd day after the 1st pfizer dose. It's day 7 today and the pain is still there. Codeine phosphate/Paracetamol doesn't seem to help.
724	1	My first one, I developed a sore arm in the evening and it lasted 2 days. No other symptoms. I have very bad anxiety and was very nervous to get the second shot. I got my shot and 5 mins into my 15 minute wait I was having a panic attack. I waved the nurse over and she was so kind and had another kind nurse take me outside so I could take my mask off and breathe freely. She asked me about my kids and helped me take my mind off of the panic and calm down. I just want people to know if you’re nervous or panicking don’t hesitate to tell the nurse. I ended up with a migraine a couple hours after the vaccination. I do get them once a month or so, aura migraines/pain. I don’t know if my stress caused it or the vaccination, but I called the office where I got the vaccination and they said it was okay to take Aleve as Tylenol doesn’t cut it for me with migraines. Again don’t hesitate to call where you received the vaccination from or your doctor’s office if you have questions. I had the sore arm again.  It started shortly after I got the shot. It was gone 2 days later. No other side effects.
250	-1	This guy swears that no needle came out of his arm because “it’s retractable”.  He used a metal detector and believes he has a micro piece of the needle in his arm!!! Has anyone else found this?  Tested the area for metal with a detector!?!?  I’m curious & therefore cautious about getting this vaxx.  https://www.instagram.com/p/CMEClbEBGr7/?igshid=z7udnm10u1px
21	0	I had my vaccine on Friday and have a sore throat. As you say, not a listed side effect but good to know someone else has had this
745	0	Same here. I'm really nervous.
251	0	I get punky (mild headache, mild nausea, a mini-hot flush, just not feeling good) each day starting at about 2-3 pm. Usually I just notice it and can carry on. Today is day 8 and I'm quite warm, quite nauseated, and can only lie down.
95	0	Getting my second vaccine shot on Tuesday feb 9th. My first dose I had a headache and cloudy headed and took some pills and a nap and woke up fine but had arm soreness for about 3 days before it eventually went away. I’ll be back to discuss my dose 2 journey
104	-1	Hi, I'm almost 10 days post vaccine and I feel horrible. Everything in my body hurts... I tried doing yoga this morning, which pre-vaccine was easy for me, and I was so out of breath and it felt so hard. Then I tried going on a hike that I usually go on and it felt near impossible. I have headaches in weird places, strange aches and pains, and weakness.   I feel like I'm getting worse every day at this point and I'm starting feel like... why did I do this?
343	0	Hopefully it will resolve soon. Hang in there.
252	1	I think this can be relatively normal. I got a tetanus booster two weeks ago and felt straight up sick like a week after with all sorts of side effects.   Just got my first dose of pfizer today and fully expect to feel unwell here in a couple days. Everyone’s immune system operates differently. Thats why not everyone has the same side effects.
913	0	What were your symptoms?
633	0	Hello, I’ve been experiencing some side effects from the second vaccine. Several days after I ate spaghetti with meatballs and got a bit ill. Then, last Wednesday I ate a cheeseburger, got very ill. To out it simply, it literally felt like my body couldn’t digest the beef? I was in bed for two days and ended up flushing out my system with magnesium citrate. Well, last night for mother’s day I ate a steak and right away I was miserable. The beef just doesn’t seem to be digesting. I have eaten beef all my life and never had this problem before the vaccine. I’ve taken just about every probiotic known to man, and nothing seems to help. Has anyone else experienced this? I’m so sad about it and my body feels terrible!
192	0	HA! How did the day drinking go?
671	0	Hi, how are you feeling,  I got my 1st shot on April 27, and developed clogged ears and body muscle aches. May 18, 2nd vaccine 18 days ago And I still have clogged ears, tightness in troat, extremely exhausted and weak, brain fog at times and kind of dizzy, weird bowel movement. Does anyone feel the same? Went to E R everything normal. If you recovered how long did it take you?
43	-2	It anyone thinks this only my opinion, it’s definitely not. Most of this information is right on the CDC WEBSITE but people get lazy. The media interchanges the word AUTHORIZATION for APPROVED and they are NOT the same!!!  FDA APPROVED means they have stamped it for safety and efficacy and you can sue them for adverse side effects or allergic reactions. They are all getting a free pass now. People are actually volunteering to be tested with no legal recourse.   It actually states on the CDC WEBSITE that MOST people recover from covid. There are approximately 400,000+ deaths to covid in the USA right now with a population of over 360,000,000 people!!! We lose over 450,000 people a year to cigarettes and vaping promoted and legalized because of the tobacco lobbyists hiding in the shadows of our representatives. If covid could be taxed, our doors would fly open. This is a money maker. Period.  This is a virus that has infected a lot of people but FEW die of it. I WILL NOT take any drug from a pharmaceutical company that is driven by profits. If people don’t believe that, look up the $9 billion dollar lawsuit just settled with Purdue pharmaceutical company for lying about OxyContin addiction!!! And they said marijuana was the gateway drug!!! 🤬
980	0	All good now!
683	0	Update?
860	0	Yep. This has been constant on my end. It does go back to normal occasionally. Very weird. Are you experiencing any other side effects?
988	0	Nothing extraordinary occured after my second dose, it was quite similar to my first dose. Only my headache was far worse.
93	2	You can sue anyone, anytime. Trust me, I’m married to an attorney. The FDA absolutely looked at safety and efficacy. Additionally, the review board that makes the decision is an independent organization. While the approval is emergency use, both vaccines currently on the market are in the pipeline for full approval. You absolutely have recourse because a long time ago, a fund was set up for anyone that experienced a true adverse reaction to ANY vaccine. The purpose of the fund is to discourage litigation but also provide more immediate and long term financial relief for anyone that suffered injury due to vaccines. The fund does not stop litigation in the most litigious society in the world.  As someone who works in healthcare, I’m watching the suffering first hand and taking care of these patients so please just stop with your bs. People are dying, slowly and painfully and without their families. If you knew the truth you wouldn’t spread this crap.
459	0	 Hello. 12 days out, fever, brain fog on and off. Now fever and migraine. Hoping to sleep it off. Good luck to us all
92	1	Hope you are feeling well and had minimal discomfort. Thank you for taking time to write up your experience.  The pros and cons are compelling.  Grateful to hear from folks taking time for due diligence and self observation.  Seems like anecdotally  folks w Pfizer having less severe illness afterward but the  “mild”  events are varied arising  days later with gastro issues.  Keep us posted
934	1	Maybe the FDA will approve it soon, then more people would be willing to get the jab.
736	0	Update!
370	0	Thank you for this comment. If I decide to get the second past the allowance time is it harmful or I’m unable to do so?
253	0	I guess it’s standard. Hopefully it still works with the delay
204	0	Except for the 530k Americans who have already died from it.  This is on pace to becoming the worst epidemic in American history.   675k died from the 1918 flu.
315	0	Got my 1st dose today and feel fine.  I did have a strange metallic taste in my mouth for about 4 or 5 hours which is not listed as a side effect.  Arm is slightly sore typical of any shot.
611	0	Thank you for updating.  I've been reading alot of these and almost nobody updates.
959	0	I suspect I had Covid very early on. Had a bad reaction to both shots. Headache, lethargy and sharp body pains ongoing a week later. Hope it calms down soon.
188	-2	So you trust the FDA to protect you from any adverse side effects or allergic reactions to a Covid vaccine that they have not approved?  You are contradicting yourself...go for it.  Take the vaccine. Don’t bitch later if you have any adverse reactions because you can’t sue anyone. You are volunteering to take a drug that has NOT been approved for safety or efficacy by the same FDA you sit here and defend?!! Good luck
266	0	Then stop trying to fill up Reddit with your trolling.
365	0	I wonder if the arm soreness has to do with the skill it is administered? I’m in the early phases - only 5 hours out - barely anything. But I know from past blood tests how it can really depend on the deftness of the needle handling! Just wondering if that’s why some have arm pain and others hardly at all...
873	-1	Anyone in their early 20s got it?   (F) I got the first dose yesterday. So far, i have a bit of pain in the arm but what is actually worrying me is this weird feeling around my left chest (I got the vaccine on the left arm). I know there have been cases of heart inflammation in young adults from Pfizer so im freaking out to the point that i regret getting the vaccine at all. I dont have pain or short breath so far, it's just this itchy, tightness kind of feeling around that area where the heart and breast is. It's hard to explain. Anyone had the same/similar experience? Ill probably go to the doctor if it doesnt go away til tomorrow. And I am not sure whether I want to get the second dose.
637	0	Well maybe... not to die of covid?
221	0	Got my second dose yesterday (3/24) midday and felt fine all day until about 1:30am I noticed lightheadedness and my upper body started feeling slightly achy.   30 mins later hit full on with the worst fever I’ve ever had. I couldn’t get warm at all. I wore two pairs of thick socks, thick sweat pants, shirt and hoodie, and two thick blankets and my teeth were STILL chattering 🥶. Also my bones ached. Finally fell asleep somehow.  I woke up with a mild headache but my body feels like i was in a bad car accident the day prior. I’m so tired but at least there’s no more fever...for now.
257	0	Why are you so concerned with people being compensated for adverse side effects or allergic reactions to a covid vaccine?  Are you a lawyer fishing for clients?    You don't need FDA approval to be sued.
115	-2	Pharmas are run by pychopaths that's for sure. 2021 is definitely the year of the cnut! It's just a shame people blindly trust and believe the nonsence without checking the agenda of these corps. V1.0 of anything is crap. Nice to see people like you out in the real world. Gives me hope for the human race. Amen brother keep up the good fight.
467	1	Some people have worse reactions to the second dose mostly because you’re body is realizing that it needs to mass produce anti body’s to keep you safe.
325	1	>So you trust the FDA to protect you from any adverse side effects or allergic reactions to a Covid vaccine that they have not approved?  There are side effects to every medication, so no, I don't expect them to protect me from those.  I do expect to not die gasping for breath like a fish out of water as a direct result of the vaccine, however.  This is how four of my friends died last year.
66	0	Got my first vaccine yesterday.   **Immediately-1hr** nothing, felt normal, no arm soreness   **1hr-6hrs** slight headache (although I think it was because I needed to eat) and tired. Arm started to get sore at about hour 2-3.    **6 hrs-24 hrs** arm still sore, nothing else to report.  Edit: I did have a small rash around the injection site for days 2-4 . Slightly itchy but nothing bad.
995	0	Update: Nothing too bad today. Arm's still tender at injection site. Some stiffness, general lethargy.
409	0	Did anyone else drink the night of their first dose? how was the day after?
321	0	How many plane rides have you taken in a month?
401	0	What was everyone muscle pain like after their shot? Was it long dull aching pain or sharp quick needle like pain? I’ve heard both and am feeling the later personally.
990	0	Same experience. 1st dose and im hittin the gym aldeady
328	0	Any pregnant woman took pfizer vaccine ? Please share details as my wife is planning to take vaccine and she is 36th week of pregnancy.
905	0	Why am I not allowed to start a new post in this group
11	-1	Your field is in genetic technology, yes? Please explain to all of us how the mRNA vaccines work and the potential damage it can cause. Also, please refrain from calling a virus "dead" like you did in a different comment, viruses are not alive to begin with. It's a little strange that you completed a STEM bachelor's degree and still do not know this.
28	0	Hello, the next two days after my second pfizer dose (end of January) I broke out in itchy acne on my face and under my chin, this has lasted for weeks  really itchy and easily irritated by mask, face washing ect...I hadn't changed my skincare routine at all.  It seems to be fungal acne (Malassezia folliculitis). Has anyone else had this type of reaction ?
598	0	Got my first dose yesterday at 3:00pm and it’s now noon the next day. I honestly feel fine as of right now. I got my shot in the thigh instead of my arm. I do have soreness in my thigh but that’s about it. I got really tired last night and just ate some good food, pushed fluids and passed out. Will update 👍🏼
964	0	Exactly, Exactly same. Medication? Let's see if we have any commonalities causing this
213	0	Please keep us posted. Hope you feel better soon.
931	1	First of all I appreciate your post a lot. As someone with mental issues and anxiety myself, I know how fucking hard it is to know what it’s real and what is just your mind playing with you.   I’ve received my first Dosis last Friday and at first not much hapernd. Not even sore muscles or anything. I’ve went on with my day as per usual. I’ve felt fairly fit and even did some light sports the next day. But then I’m the afternoon first signs hit me that something feels weird. It felt like I had issues breathing. I had issues sleeping that day because anxiety kicked into overdrive. On Sunday it was somewhat okay but again issues in the evening with breathing. On Monday it was just bad and I went to the doctor, but they’ve just said to check back in when I’d feel worse. On Tuesday I had a really big panic attack after work (totally what I needed at that time, not) and on Wednesday I’ve first decided to go to work but wasn’t able. I knew a lot might be from my anxiety but still was worried. So then they’ve also checked everything with me, checked my breathing, did an EKG and even checked if I had issues with my heart by doing a drop test (never heard of it before).  As someone who is roughly in your age range I totally get where you’re coming from and know just how badly your mind can fuck over your body and give you false alarms and wrong symptoms.  Still I will get my second shot even though I know I will probably feel bad again. Please do the update when you’ve had your second shot and let me know what might be happening to me as well (since we have had nearly the same symptoms).  Thank you in advance.
323	0	Just got my first shot. An hour later I just felt tired throughout the whole day.  As soon as I went to bed that same night I got whacked and got a high fever of 102 and chills throughout the night. I woke up with major body aches and sores and woke up with a fever of 100.8. I took Tylenol throughout the day and went down to 98. The next night I still woke up in the middle of the night having chills and hot flashes. I woke up today feeling restless and tired the whole day. I work from home and towards the end of my shift today I felt dizzy and nauseous. After I ate and took my 3rd round of Tylenol I am just sore and tired. I'm hoping this will subside by the end of this week. I haven't gotten sick from covid or the flu in 3 years now.
489	0	41/M i got the pfizer vaccine 5 days ago. I had a handicapping arm soreness for two days. On day 3 I started getting chills and chattering teeth, then high fever. I ended up in the hospital where they found out that my inflammation numbers are rising. Getting intravenous antipyretics for the moment.
757	0	Yep I'm fine and lived another day haha. Am a bit nervous to get second shot tho. By the way my arm was only sore for like 2 days after
618	0	purple
772	0	Uhh I don’t think that’s true..
556	0	Beware of focusing on the tinnitus. Tinnitus will be heightened the more you pay attention to it. Most tinnitus is your brain's way of making sure you can really hear. It happens when your ears aren't working perfectly well and the brain recognizes the problem and creates the tinnitus in an attempt to confirm your hearing is working. If you focus on it, it actually gets worse.  The treatment is using sound machines to assure your brain your hearing is working properly.  And beware of alcohol which can also intensify tinnitus.
753	1	Hey everyone! Got my first dose on friday. I felt great until about 24 hours from taking the shot. I woke up from an afternoon nap feeling incredibly weak, hot and nauseous, still no fever. I thought to myself I’ll just rest and that’s it it’ll go away in a few hours but soon after I got the chills and my body temperature shot up really fast so the day turned into a cycle of taking ibuprofen and laying in bed. The next day was more of the same really, I tried doing stuff around the house but my headache was killing me and I was tired as I’ve ever been. Fast forward to the evening my fever decreased without any medication and I felt some relief thinking this is finally over... but wait, there’s more! I was woken up a few hours ago in the middle of the night by diarrhea and a slight fever hah, but at least I don’t feel as tired anymore. Funny thing is I’ve had basically every side effect listed except the most common one, which would be pain on injection site. All in all I look and feel like UFC fighters when they are cutting weight but I’m still determined to get the second shot. Will keep you updated!
446	0	Thank you!! My second shot was a walk in the park in comparison. Just had a mild headache for 12 hrs
106	-2	The Pfizer jab killed my Dad last week. He was fine, albeit elderly and loved a moan at how lazy the kids of today are. 2 days after the Jab he complained of nausea, we found him dead on the sofa last Wednesday. Boris is beta testing the jab on the GB population.
711	-1	Got pressured into getting the vaccine and regret it. No serious concerns but I'm 5 days post my first shot and my upper back muscles are a mess. Went to the chiro and he said I'm super tense, way more than ever before. He said he's seen a lot of people in with muscle tension issues after the vaccine. I really do not want to get the 2nd.
248	0	I’m up right now because I’m in too much discomfort to sleep. Got my 2nd poke at 8:30am yesterday and basically felt fine until bedtime. First it was terrible chills. I had to lay down immediately and cover up. About 1am I was aching all over with a 101.6 fever. At 2:30am that went up to 102.2. Now (4:15a) it’s back to 101.6. I also have a slight, dry cough, like a tickle in my throat. This sucks.
976	0	Dose 1: perfectly fine after bar tingly hand and arm. 3-4 hours later felt tired so had a 2 hour nap. Woke up with a headache that felt like I had drank a bottle of wine. Painkillers sorted it out. I was able to work the next day and the day after, no side effects apart from finding it harder to fall asleep at night, strange dreams on night 2 and a bit more tired than usual but with a 3 year old that has never slept, I’m well used to that lol!
733	0	Yes ! I was looking for someone who's experienced this. Had my first shot 8 days ago. Nothing bad the following days - arm pain and fatigue. But for 3 straight days now I've had the worst nausea / bloating / not being able to eat / odd cramping.. I'm honestly wondering wether it's a side effect or if I just randomly got pregnant (praying for the side effect btw).  You've posted 3 month ago so it's unlikely you'll see this but did everything turn out ok for you?
119	0	its worth a short thats for sure
166	0	Had my first vaccine yesterday evening at 5pm. Felt nothing. Woke up at 4am with a headache and terrible lower back pain. Took Tylenol laid down, woke back up at 6 with body aches. Rested and pushed fluids. Feel a bit better. Arm still sore and still a little tired.
965	0	Yeah I took mine today, everything was good, a few hours later I stood up from my chair and BOOM, it hit me this heaviness  and this foggynnes, I got super scared I thought I was dying. My legs were heavy and I was paranoid I could faint at any momment. An hour later into it I kinda got used to, it actually feels interesting almost like I was high.
246	1	25F here and received my first shot two days ago, like this post said arm punched feeling came after 3 hours. So far the only side effect I’ve had was neck soreness. I did see some people say that they had side effects 5 days post shot so I’m hoping to avoid that. Other than that I feel fine! Knock on wood. Did do a workout yesterday and actually created too much energy for myself to fall asleep. Trying to keep myself active and not take any medications. You’re not really suppose to take any medicine so your body can totally fend for yourself and learn to. However if the pain is bad they say Tylenol is ok. Nobody is talking about how medicine shouldn’t really be taken but I understand with the fever and taking medicine. You guys got this!!!
760	0	20 days here in Spain. Got my second shot scheduled for the 23rd 🤞
998	0	Yes. One day I had to just shut everything off and lay in bed. It was hard to keep under 100. It was really bad that day and the next. I had chest tightness and had to use my nebulizer (I have asthma) and inhaler a couple of times. I just stayed a calm and still as I could for a few days and by the next week it was over. After the second shot I had a pain between my shoulders, then in my chest, sternum area. I put if off for a few days until the pain woke me up then I went to the ER just to check if a blood clot. It wasn’t according to the d-dimer test. Doc said I must have pulled a muscle.
609	0	I got my first dose yesterday and my god the dreams I had last night, were SO WEIRD and I remembered them all.
823	0	Male, less than 28 years old, extremely active. Got second shot exactly two hours ago (Pfizer). If anyone is interested, I will update as the days go on. Around 10 min after shot got pretty dizzy, but that could have just been anxiety and passed quickly.  For reference, first shot immediately felt “off”. Arm soreness followed soon after. Had a period of extreme chills and fatigue for around 2 hours the next day. Hoping this time that is not the case!
