852	2	how long do results take to come back from the covid exposure testing site?  i took mine yesterday morning and I was told they come back in less than a day, but still don’t have mine yet
836	2	housing question!  so I got an access code for a coop but ik that doesn’t guarantee housing, but if I select something at my time that means I got housing for sure? Bc if I get to select a building, housing contracts don’t come out until April 6th so I’m a little worried. I got a RH housing offer and i have to make up my mind by 3/17 but I’m not sure and I don’t want to cancel it later bc it can be expensive. Any advice would be appreciated !!
280	2	I'm an incoming grad student and I have questions about housing  Hiii I'm an incoming grad student. I'm just starting to look for housing and new roommates for this Fall. I have a few questions: \- I have heard that it is difficult to find decent housing in Berkeley. In your experience, how hard is it to find a single room that's around $800-1200? \- What are the safe areas/ unsafe areas that I should avoid? Thanks
575	2	COLWRIT R4B + STAT 21W + DATA C8 manageable over summer?  I'm a freshman trying to major in Economics and Data Science. Just wondering how manageable the workload is. I don't have any coding experience. Would you recommend taking all the courses during the summer? Stat 21Wand Colwrit are both online. Thank you
208	1	let's be nice to the baby bears  incoming freshmen ask stupid questions. I certainly did when I got in 4 years ago. I'm sure you did too. sometimes it's better to be nice and answer the stupid question instead of telling them to fuck off.
609	1	Any women interested in a single room from June 3rd-August 12th ( summer 2022)  The cost of the room will be 2,000 but it includes everything( personal mini fridge, microwave), professionally cleaned bathrooms, Netflix/Hulu, printer, laundry, detergent, toilet paper, etc.  It is a house set up with a total of 10 girls, everyone signed individually so no worries abt cliques :)  Message me if you are interested and I can provide more details and arrange a tour 👍
932	2	Can someone send the discord link for Astron c10?  The title
725	2	what to look for in a sophomore year internship?  what should i be looking to gain in a sophomore year internship? for biz/econ students, i was wondering if the name of the company helps with securing a junior year internship or if that's irrelevant? i wanna work in a tech company after college, but got an offer for a biz role at an accounting firm and wonder how that would play out. also, if im not comfortable with the technical requirements should i still try or will i struggle if i get the role? im just new to this and not really sure how to decide on some things thanks!
47	1	Club sports  Hi! I am an admitted student and I’m looking at different extracurriculars. I want to join a club sport, how do they usually work? For the tryouts do you need to be like really good? Is it hard to get in or they usually let in people who know how to play the sport? Or does it depend on the sport?
985	1	will cafe 1919 ever open
337	1	Buddy reading Worm, a dark superpower web serial  Hi! Would anyone be interested in buddy reading *Worm* by Wildbow? It's *really* good if you love superpowers, morally grey characters, out-of-the-box thinking, great combat scenes, dark themes, super-intelligent protagonist, and charismatic villains. Contains a lot of trigger warnings. It's very long but definitely a good read. I've read it once but forgot a lot of details. It's free and I'll post the link here in case anyone's interested in checking it out: [https://parahumans.wordpress.com/](https://parahumans.wordpress.com/) Please dm me if you are interested! Would love to read together :))
581	1	You guys should put April 5 on your Calendar  If you want free software or vote out She-who-must-not-be-named (or keep her, idc), ASUC elections are on that day
155	2	Would love some advice  I got in Cal (YAYAYA) and I’m super excited to begin the next chapter.  I’m an international student and I’m willing to transfer to Haas in my junior year. I know it’s TOUGH to get in (I’m ready for the worse too) but I’m pretty confident that I will get through.  Just wanted to ask: How should I choose my classes for the first year? There’s a lot of info on various sites but I still prefer to hear what Bears have to say.  Got straight A’s in high school (was not very good at math tbh) but I had a thing for entrepreneurship and innovation. To me, extracurriculars and club activities are NOT overwhelming. I enjoy them, it’s like I’m incomplete without that part. Just concerned about how I should structure my first year.  Would love some tips :))
692	4	ANOTHER FIRE ALARM ON SPROUL AREA?  This time Dwinelle isn’t affected but boy do I hear it loud and clear
862	1	Mechanic  What is a good mechanic in the area? I have an Audi A5 that’s needs to get looked at asap.
790	2	Berkeley screwed me on my commencement  I'm graduating Spring 22, and wanted to order some reserved seating tickets to my commencement for my family. I tried ordering them on 3/8. On the ticket ordering site, whenever I tried adding reserved seating tickets to my cart, I'd get charged the general admission price for some reason. I double, triple, and quadruple checked just to make sure I was correctly adding reserved tickets to my cart. This pricing mistake was definitely an issue on their end. I purchased the reserved seating tickets, and what do you know, they sent me general admission tickets instead. I reached out immediately to a contact email linked in their commencement announcements. I get no response, and today I find out reserved seating tickets were sold out on 3/10(2 whole days after I tried ordering mine).  At least I wasn't overcharged or anything but I'm just beyond annoyed at this situation. I work so ridiculously hard for the past few years at this school, and the moment it's time for me and my family to celebrate the culmination of all my hard work, this school shafts me on the commencement. I know it's not the end of the world, but I really wanted that day to be perfect with my family. This experience has seriously soured my feelings on my commencement.  I'm annoyed and needed to get this off my chest. Fix your dumbass ticket ordering site, Berkeley. PS: Ik it's early but anybody looking to sell 3 or 4 reserved seating tickets
572	1	Petition to install these in Soda and Cory Hall
241	1	I didn't get accepted :(  I love this town though, go to the Homemade Cafe if you have the chance and the money. gl with classes
992	1	is anyone driving from San Diego up to ucla today?  The trains are down rn lol and most of them are sold out so just hoping to find someone to get a last minute ride up there 🥲 it’s me and a friend and we’ll pay for gas :)
788	1	Anyone in legalst 147 (Law and Econ II)?
980	2	Mathematical sciences 4000A??  Where on earth did they hide this room?😂
498	2	When do the future cs courses draft schedules come out?  Will the Fall 2023 for planned classes come out before Spring 2023 starts? I’m planning out my class schedule and was wondering if 182 would be offered during Fall 23
107	2	Easy Breadth Classes  What are some easy breadths for the L&S International Studies Breadth or the Philosophy and Values one. Would greatly appreciate any insight!
767	2	Transfer Student  Hello, I was wondering how the political economy degree is here and how difficult is it to get into than regular economics? I am applying as a transfer student next year. Thanks!!!
839	3	Exposing the CO-OPs/ Casa Zimbabwe  Purpose: Explain the downsides of living in Casa Zimbabwe because when I was researching  "CZ" as potential future "CZar" I only ever saw posts explaining why the co-ops are great and no good information on why they are bad. I hope to help future folks with this post especially as housing arrangements are being made around this time in the school year. This is not to bag on people who live there (super amazing people live there), but instead to raise awareness of what to expect. Definitions: CZ=Casa Zimbabwe, Czar= resident of CZ, fishing= living in CZ unofficially ​ Background: As a transfer student I was looking for affordable housing and a dorm like atmosphere after having missed the dorm experience as a underclassmen. The co-ops seemed like a really nice fit for what I wanted... affordability built around a community. Like most transfers, there is a lot of ambiguity of what to expect going into new housing since we lack opportunities to explore and chat with people already in the co-op ecosystem. After finding a few positive positive posts on reddit, reading through their website, and reading articles such as "demystifying the coops" on the daily californian I proceeded to apply to the co-ops. To most new co-op folks the only housing options are CZ and Cloyne and in my case specifically the only thing left was CZ. Reality of CZ: 1. The demographics are completely bananas. The ages of folks living in CZ was wild with CZars ranging from (<18) to at least 40. I also assumed all or at least the vast majority of people living in CZ would be UC Berkeley students. The reality is that Berkeley students make up maybe half. The other half is composed of Berkeley City College students, students from other colleges, and a few folks just working and not currently in school. There are are also a decent amount of grad school students and international students. As you can imagine, this was a bit problematic especially around the most important time periods such as during finals and midterm season bc we would being having these tests the same time BCC would have spring break or already have their summer started. There were literally giant parties *during* finals week. 2. Too big to fail. The house has roughly 130 folks living there regularly but one thing that was not mentioned when I was planning to live there is the quantity of unofficial people living there, add at least another 20 people. Since part of living in the coops means we share food and share workshift this means the fishing people don't pay anything for food, pay anything for rent, pay anything for drugs/alcohol, or do any workshift. They are supposed to but in practice this is not done at all. The quality of fish is also sometimes really really low. A regular fish was a hardcore drug dealer, another was psychotic and sometimes violent, another was a proven serial thief. 3. Drugs/poor grades. While some view it as a plus and others as a minus the quantity and variety of drugs in CZ incredible. The problem is I witnessed so many people become addicts, overdose, and need to go to rehab throughout the year i was there. I understand a lot of the problems  black people have with the police but as a house, there was  a policy of never calling 911 no matter what even when people would be literally overdosing. Most people who move into CZ have significant drops in their gpa after moving in. 4. Hypocrisy. Every wall and corner of CZ is filled with art/graffiti/tagging which is either very cool or really not depending on the person. Some people relish in the freedom of walking around a house filled with drawings of butts, dicks, vaginas, swastikas, hammers & sickles etc. others aren't too fond of it. I think a telling moment was when a star of david was drawn one time and *that's*  what caused an uproar. I am not jewish btw but this was really strange to me. The co-ops are notoriously a hub for liberals and during the pandemic it was a hoot for me to watch the uproar against frats/sororities partying during covid  in CZ with constant bitching and complaining about it while at the same time there were constant parties and guests at cz too. The culture is super against monetary fining as its a regressive tax system but also fines you for a not attending a weekly workshop about some topic, consent I, consent II, consent III, etiquette, drugs, workshift standards, etc. Almost no fining for not doing your workshift but constant fining for not attending each of maybe 25 workshops throughout the semester.  5. Next point is no accountability. Everyone has 5 hours workshift mandatory. Say its my job to clean the bathrooms for 2.5 hours. There is no one that checks you actually did shit. I could walk in put new TP in there and walk out and say 2.5 hours done. Say my job is to sweep the floors... I just have my buddy sign a sheet saying I did it. While most people do their workshift (or at least an acceptable portion of it) a lot dont too and that makes the ones who do feel angry and cheated (not to mention the fish). Also imagine ur friends with the workshift manager or social manager, or are a manager, you are not going to get fined for not doing your workshift. The workshift is super broken and only works if friends are willing to rat on their friends and fine their friends which no one actually does. 6. This could probably be in the hypocrisy section or drugs section but I guarantee there a more sexual assault, rape problems, fights, overdose, theft, alcohol poisoning, etc.  than any of the frats that get protested. Other: Expect mold in the kitchen, I have never not seen mold in the kitchen. It will always be loud even if you are in your room with headphones. There is no security at all, random people just walk in the house. People's park residents make appearances and we had one instance where they folks that live in peoples park were invited inside just to find out they stole a bunch of crap out of people's rooms. Website says you will be in a single double or triple but its a seniority system so you will be in a triple your first year there. ​ Conclusion: This is a biased and negative post. There are really great aspects and great people. Other co-ops are very different. This just shares the things not mentioned in other posts. Hope this explains why it has a 50% turnover each year and why so many people leave and what to expect on the negative side of things. I will edit if more things come to mind/ respond to comments if needed.
931	1	Favorite Berkeley cafe to study at?  I have exhausted Strada, Milano, and the Musical Offering cafes. I’m looking for a new place that has tasty coffee and snacks, and also has a good study spot - I need to put some serious studying hours in this weekend. What’s your favorite?
300	2	Waitlisted. Please advise.  Hello, I have been waitlisted. Please advise. I applied for undeclared math and physical sciences in the College of Letters and Science. According to this link, and on page 7, Berkeley accepts between 20-60% of waitlisted applicants, varying annually. There's a whole section on the waitlist. It was published in March 2022. [https://apply.berkeley.edu/counselor/freshman\_FAQs.pdf](https://apply.berkeley.edu/counselor/freshman_FAQs.pdf) Please explain what the Fall Program for Freshmen is and what the implications of choosing it are. Does it result in greater or lesser chances for acceptance? I'm genuinely so confused. I didn't see this "small liberal arts style" whatever stuff on the application last year. Why is this an option now? I'm perplexed. Help.  If it matters, I plan to study data science and political economy because those are my interests.  I have heard that very few people were accepted off the waitlist last year but I am choosing to believe that last year was extremely random and bizarre for students and that this year will be more normalized.  UC San Diego seems to have waitlisted an extremely high number of applicants, so I am curious to know if Berkeley did that as well.  I am choosing Meta as the flair because I am assuming that is the one for general stuff. I apologize if it is the wrong one and will gladly change it if needed to accommodate others.
386	2	Scholarship opportunities?  Is there an office in campus that specifically addresses this?
490	1	Part-time job  Any recommendation for part-time job (simple family business administrative work, bakery, local retail shops) with low commitment?
918	2	Channing Apt Double  Ok so somehow got a Channing Apt Double even though I only put singles on my app. How are they? Would I be better off searching off campus for a coveted single?
49	2	UC BERKELEY POLITICAL SCIENCES DEPT  Hello current Bears students!  My daughter just got accepted at UCB and I will like to hear from current students their feedback o the Political Sciences Dept. She is trying to weigh this program with other Uni that she has been accepted as well. Would you please share your thoughts and experiences?
216	2	Are all new students invited to be SEED scholars?  The letter says that it’s for “underrepresented minorities” but I am an asian male in STEM. For context, i’m chemE in CoC and am not RCS. I did however get the undergrad scholarship.
887	2	Data8 Midterm Thoughts?  L
73	2	cc transfer thinking of going to UCB for philosophy  i’m thinking of applying this year for fall 2023 and commuting from San Jose. i was wondering if anyone had any comments/experience on pursuing a philosophy degree at UCB. ideally, i’d like to work more in the academic field (law being my back-up). possibly pursuing a phD in psychology or philosophy after.  this can extend to students in the liberal arts, as well.
125	3	Disabled/ill prospective student wondering about SHIP  I'm a medically disabled/chronically ill student considering enrolling in a PhD program at Berkeley, but the details of SHIP coverage (high co-pays, high ER fees, Blue Shield's reputation) give me pause. Has anyone who's had to make of their SHIP insurance had any issues, either with finding satisfactory providers who would take SHIP or with getting reimbursed (for anything from routine appointments to surgery?) There was [a post](https://www.reddit.com/r/berkeley/comments/r1nkxu/16000_dollar_medical_bill_for_a_necessary_surgery/) on here not too long ago from someone whose surgery was denied by SHIP's underwriters, Wellfleet Student/Blue Shield.
565	1	[sos] message for missed connection  to the person wearing green today: u look so good bae <3
262	2	Fall 2022 Phase 1 Time?  So phase 1 enrollment time just released for fall 2022? What are everyone's time? Trying to figure out the earliest time.
717	3	No matter what, I can't seem to answer CS 61A exam questions correctly  I understand the content, the slides, the discussions, the homeworks, the labs. But I've been doing past exam questions and I just can't get them right. And when I look at the solutions, I understand them, I just get messed up by small things or I just wasn't able to come up with the idea on my pwn even though I understand theirs. I have a midterm on Thursday, and I did so poorly on the first one, does anyone have advice? I want to cry, I feel so hopeless
596	1	Ralph Gracie Berkeley Jiu Jitsu Academy - Arm Drag Variations from Butterfly   Prof. Eduardo teaches some basic drills and variations of the Arm Drag from the Butterfly Guard, as well as a Collar Drag variation that is similar. Try them out and let us know what you think! ---------- Click to support! [https://www.youtube.com/c/eduardofrag...](https://www.youtube.com/c/eduardofragabjj?sub_confirmation=1) \---------- Music by Lax the Monk IG: @laxthemonk  YouTube: [https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1eA...](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1eAhJm7SMI9RroEJjvofJg) Email: laxthemonk@gmail.com
669	2	Getting all C’s for last semester  I have a job offer at coinbase now paying me 200k. I had a 3.9 gpa until this semester, but since I’ve already got a job I don’t care any more, and am likely to get C’s and end up with a 3.7 GPA. Say I want to go back to a kind of decent grad school for master’s degree after I work for maybe 3 years, will that last semester’s C’s hurt me? Thanks..
309	2	I got into the berkeley changemaker pre-college program I am not sure if it is worth it  I'm a junior in high school and got into the Berkeley pre-college summer session Changemaker program? Is it worth it going - it is really expensive like $4,600 (from June 19-July 1) to attend but I'm given a letter of recommendation from the Vice Dean of undergraduate admissions. I also will have to miss a portion of summer school to attend (I have to get a credit of american history to graduate). I would like to go but I am unsure, if its worth it due to the time and cost.
803	1	Practicing for The Purge in Berkeley
877	1	RSF Basketball Courts  Anyone know if the basketball courts at the top floor of the RSF are open yet?
848	3	Imposter syndrome kicking in?  I’m an incoming freshman. I got admitted last year but I took a gap year because of family issues. Because I was originally supposed to be co’25, i followed some people on ig and now that it’s almost been a year, everytime I check their stories I see how almost everyone is thriving and doing great stuff- some are running for elections, others are part of big clubs, they have their sht together, have big friend groups, and lastly, they already know what they want to major in. I almost feel like I don’t deserve to be here. Even after a whole year, I barely know what I want to study, and I feel anxious at the thought of putting myself out there to meet others. Everyone is so outstanding and overachieving. Sorry for the rant but I just wanted to put it out there, but basically what im saying is that yall r soo freaking cool!!!!
580	2	dropping decals  was wondering if its still possible to drop classes at this point in the semester (specifically decals)? ik the drop deadline was in february but just in case ….
864	1	Cool/interesting classes for people interested in marine biology?  Does anyone know some cool classes or other things on campus relating to/about marine biology?
447	2	Enrolling in summer classes  Do I have to wait for semester to finish to enroll in a summer class that I'm taking the pre req for this semester? Trying to enroll in data100
484	2	On Campus Housing Cancellation  I signed a contract but don’t want on campus housing anymore and I filled out cancellation. Do you think they’ll let me cancel? It’s an on campus apartment or if anyone wants it can I transfer it? Not sure if I even can do that.
418	2	Data 140 without Math 53  Can anyone advise? I'm a declared Data Science major, and working through my 4 year plan.  Do I need Math 53 to do well in Data 140? I've taken Math 54, Math 1A and 1B, Stat 20 and Data 8.
147	2	Data science & ML prospects for BS IEOR?  So I'm considering coming to Berkeley for IEOR this fall, and wanted to know prospects and opportunities for AI/ML/DS jobs. Based on LinkedIn, it looks like there are many different paths available (from quant trading to consulting to supply chain management) My interests are firmly on the data science side, and I'm wondering if IEOR grads would be dwarfed by the much larger EECS and CS cohorts. Additionally, what's the likelihood of adding a CS minor (or) DS major? Do IEOR kids have a hard time getting into EECS classes?
556	4	Feeling trapped, helpless and depressed  To preface this off, I’d like to say please don’t feel bad for me because I brought this upon myself by being a stupid lazy shitbag. I’m mainly posting this here to bring myself solace and also so that other students won’t make the same mistakes I did. However, I would also appreciate advice to help with my predicament. I’m currently a Freshman in my second semester and I initially planned on majoring in Physics and CS. I was previously interested in Physics and decided to also try majoring in CS to try to appease my parents bc “pHySiCS diDNt pAY wElL” . Anyways, in addition to a foreign language class, the only classes that I’m taking this semester are Physics 5B and CS61A for a total of 12 units. Compared to my peers, 12 units was barely anything so I remember going into the semester thinking everything would be a breeze. How wrong I was… Being the lazy procrastinating shitbag I am, I just couldn’t find the motivation to do homework or attend lecture/discussions for either of the aforementioned classes, and now I’d be lucky to pass either. It didn’t help that I was prescribed this anti-anxiety pill right before the semester started: The pill did help a bit with my anxiety but it made me feel lethargic and apathetic to the point that the sense of urgency from missing assignments just didn’t register to my tiny brain. Ironically, this was gonna increase my anxiety in the long term. To make matters worse, whatever interest I previously had in Physics just seemingly vanished. I’m not sure if it’s because of the difficulty of the class or something else but this is just depressing. I guess I could use both my emergency drops on those classes know but then I’d have to explain to my parents what happened and they’d kill me probably. Also, there’s the fact that I’d never be able to use those drops again. All in all, I’ve been inadvertently digging my grave for the past 2 months and now I’m screwed Lowkey wish I could just snap my fingers and disappear or something Anyways thanks for putting up with my rant I guess Edit: One thing I forgot to mention is that, oddly enough, I think I’m starting to develop an interest in CS lol especially when we reached that section about Object-Oriented Programming. If I somehow do manage to use both emergency drops, I think I’ll continue to try to major in CS and maybe minor in Physics to see if I can rekindle the lost interest
323	1	Thank you math 55  I wanted to take discrete math as an exploratory course this semester, but math 55 was only offered at 8:00AM, so I decided to take CS70. This semester I fell in love with CS and have decided to do a CS major. Looks like I would not have been able to do so if math 55 was offered any time other than 8:00 AM (I'm not a morning person lol). Thanks guys
37	1	The food  Hello Bears! I was admitted to Berkeley and have been thinking about going…..until I saw all the food complaints. Now it’s not my deciding factor but it’s definitely something holding me back, so if someone could attest to the quality of food that Berkeley provides that’d be very helpful, thanks!!
586	2	How hard is Math 55? Would I be fine if I read all the relevant section in Rosen Discrete Math 8th edition and solve all the exercise problem before the course begins?  How hard is Math 55? Would I be fine if I read all the relevant section in Rosen Discrete Math 8th edition and solve all the exercise problem before the course begins and solve all the past Berkeley exams? Is there other books or things to do to make sure I get an A in this class? Also, do you know where I can get all past Berkeley math 55 exams? I could only get some exams on the internet...
438	2	OOS admissions  Hi, I'm a HS senior waiting for my decisions this Thursday. I am an OOS student and saw multiple articles that said Cal would reduce OOS students in the near future. Is this happening this year or sometime in the future? Really nervous as I got waitlisted from UCLA, but also saw many students who have gotten waitlisted/rejected from UCLA, but accepted into Cal. Anyways, Go Bears!
409	1	Can any locals here tell me what these sidewalk markings mean? I'm seeing them on a lot of the yellow curb cuts.
52	2	are there any incoming-freshmen NOT trying to switch their major to EECS/CS lol  It's actually crazy how many posts I see of freshmen trying to switch to CS/EECS. Anecdotally, it seems like every high schooler nowadays wants to go into CS. The department is actually screwed at this rate unless they do something for next cycle at least. I don't think it's fair to gate the incoming class, but I definitely think the new CS direct admission proposal for next admissions cycle is seriously needed
599	1	Any place near campus that sells elotes/esquites?  I used to get them after school every week from a guy who had a small cart outside my high school. I'm finding myself craving for them now but I don't know any place that sells them.
687	1	Screwed ENGIN 7 (MATLAB) MIDTERM EXAM  I recently had a midterm exam for Engin 7 where I got only 50.4% 😔. The class average is 55.2% 😮‍💨. Professor Parsa Taheri yeh didn't decided how he is gonna give curve. I took C++ in community college being transfer student, and Data 8. Yet struggling with coding in this class 😑. Should have taken E7 in CC too 🤦. Thankfully my this midterm is only 15% of total grade. I badly need to fix this class in order to get at least B 🙄.
879	1	Anyone going to the Aomg Above Ordinary concert in SF on April 3rd?
716	2	Living in a dorm as a Sophomore?  I got accepted into a triple in unit 1 as a sophomore. I loved the floor dynamic (I'm in a unit 1 triple rn) which is why I applied for it again, but I was worried that because I'm a sophomore I'll be less close with everyone else, because they'll have a couple more days and GBO to get to know eachother. Can any older students in dorms rn talk about their experience? Are floors always close knit, or did I just get lucky this year?
243	2	How is the Molecular environmental biology major ?  I just got accepted for the molecular environmental biology major but I have no idea what to except. How big are the classes? Could I ever get in contact with the professor ? How competitive is it ? And what r your personal thoughts overall on this major? Also apart from majors how is the housing situation at Berkeley?
131	1	Where can I go to sing and/or yell loudly without bothering people?  Is there any way I can book a practice room in the music building or something?
562	4	Any word on what happened at Wurster today?  I just heard a bunch of screaming. The cops had cleared the whole scene by the time I got there.
219	1	Can somebody set up a Q&A post for all the new admits’ questions?  I remember we had a pinned q&a post for all the new admit. It was very helpful last year! It will be wonderful if we can have it back, so there won’t be duplicate questions.  Congratulations to all the new admits! Go Bears!!
95	2	Tip for Incoming CS Freshmen: take MathH54  I took MathH54 last semester and it's one of the only reasons that I'm doing pretty well in 70 right now. The class is super helpful because it's pretty much entirely proof-based (except for the diffEQs portion), so you get to learn all of the basics of how to do a proof properly (i.e. how do you prove iff? what methods can you use to prove things?), common mistakes you run into when writing proofs, and just gives you a lot of practice with them ahead of 70. Since 70 is also very much proof-based, knowing how to write proofs well (and especially how to read proofs) is really helpful for the homeworks and for understanding content from the notes to know why certain things are true. Not only that, but it can also substitute for EECS16A (although you will have to self-study a small amount of circuits to go into EECS16B after (but you learn diffEQs in MathH54 which are a big part of 16b!)), and you get to learn so much about linear algebra, which is a basis for a lot of cool upper divs in math, econ, stats, and even some CS classes. Plus, it's honestly just a really interesting class :))   The one warning I would give is that the class can be really hard, especially if you're taking it because you want to gain some experience with writing proofs. Our class went from ~30 people to ~10 by the end of the semester due to its difficulty. I already had taken linear algebra before coming, and I struggled really hard due to a lack of proof foundations, and because the HW problems are just really difficult. Having said that, I think if you're trying to declare, it's way better to do not-so-good on a class that's not in your declaration GPA than to do badly on one that is. Taking MathH54 means that you can do a lot better on 70 because you already know how to tackle proofs, and the class is a good long-term investment that I'd definitely recommend.
808	3	What is Greek life (sororities) like here?  I've been *really* stressed lately (lol, see post history) and I had a healthcare provider who recently said I should look into doing more social things here to feel connected, blow off steam, loosen up, and have fun. So, ofc I'm trying to join some clubs for outdoor stuff, but I'm also strongly interested in Greek life (sororities) here since I love the idea of being connected to something bigger, forming bonds, and working toward common goals. I also love the social aspect and feel like I could really use something like that to find my bliss here. I'm not super familiar with it, but is fall rush for PHC (I think that's the name for it) open to any female student here?  What is sorority life like here on the Cal campus? I think I'm asking specifically about Panhellenic ones, so is there anyone who is part of one of those orgs who could tell me a little bit about what it's like? Edit: Dang, y’all really don’t like Greek life, do you?
82	1	long distance relationship  Can y'all drop your successful and positive experiences doing an LDR for four years at Berkeley? I have the choice to go to UCSD (where my BF of 3 years is going in the fall) or Berkeley. I want to take advantage of my offer at Berkeley, but I'm just really scared and confused about a long distance relationship. Obviously, I'm not going to pick a school just because my boyfriend is going there. I was hoping you guys could drop some of your stories and tip for managing a long distance relationship : ) I truly love this guy, and we got through a whole 6 months of not being able to see each other bc of COVID-19 issues. He's seriously my best friend and my everything. As much as he wants me to be close, he wants more for me to take the environment best for me.
696	3	No matter how hard I study, I always do below average on exams  I'm just gonna accept that most people here are smarter than me 🙂.
306	1	Street Sweepers  Does anyone know if Berkeley has street sweepers? I legit have not seen one at all in the year that I’ve been here???
956	1	Why the hell is it raining so much  Lmao great first day of classes
144	3	Doctor recommendations for knee pain?  Pretty sure I tore a muscle in my knee and looking to get it checked out by a doctor. Any recs in Berkeley that y'all have had a positive experience with? Honestly not too sure if I'm supposed to go to a regular doctor or like an orthopedist so any info is helpful lmao. Ideally in-network for Aetna.
999	2	first in person class as a sophomore  do i just show up to the lecture hall ??? haven’t gotten any class emails and no sites are up
415	1	Any Fellow Extreme PC Overclocker from Berkeley?  Hey all, is anyone here at Berkeley interested in extreme PC overclocking? I am thinking about doing a mini run with ~20 L of liquid nitrogen and at least 20 pounds of dry ice during this weekend, and if anyone wants to do a joint overclocking session, please feel free to DM me! If we chew through the LN2 fast enough, we might be able to get another 20L before the Air Gas store close. Please have at least one successful run of chilled water and some experience with heavy condensation and cryogenics.
548	1	cool/cute places to visit in berkeley/san fran? or anything nearby  hi i was just wondering if you guys have any suggestions on places to visit around here/things to do because my boyfriend will be coming over to visit me during his spring break and i want to plan some activities for the week we have. he did visit me last year and we went to golden gate and palace of fine arts but now i was looking for more cool places in san francisco, even some budget friendly restaurants and spots with nice views! thank you!
4	2	CS70 Protest  I feel like as students we should organize something to protest the proposed measures. Regardless of whether or not the policy actually goes through, the fact of the matter that a "pulling out the rug" option is even in consideration is unacceptable and causes a lot of undue stress on students, not to mention the CS department's funding crisis, which will likely impact all CS/EECS students moving forward, not just people impacted by this CS70 issue. After all of this, I honestly cannot recommend Berkeley CS to incoming students in good faith - the problems are numerous and glaring and admin's attempts to resolve them have been disappointing. However, we can try to push for change. We need to unite our voices if we want to be heard - we can/should talk to people like Professor Hug, Weaver, etc. in addition to admin and potentially news outlets. If there's already an organized group for this, drop it down in the comments below. Otherwise, message me and I'd be happy to get something started. This can't go on for longer - if there was a good reason to protest, this would be one of them.
704	2	when will haas be open  any thoughts on how long it will take for haas to be reopened?
707	2	Berkeley Co ops - Sherman  I just got a spot at Sherman for Berkeley Co-Ops. I am queer and a woman but feel a little unsure about living in a single gender space.  What is the culture like at Sherman House?? Is it social? Cliquey? Is everyone there 24/7?
143	2	Berkeley Poli Sci vs UCLA Public Affairs  I was admitted as a freshmen to both colleges and am trying to work out which would be better for me academically. Are you able to take classes within poli sci to make it somewhat of a policy-focused major? I'd want to minor in public policy, but I'm also interested in minoring in city planning. For the city planning minor, are L&S students generally able to take all of the CED classes necessary for the minor? Thank you!
269	2	Phase 1 times for sophomores  Hey all!! What are the two days for phase 1 (rising juniors)?
926	1	A spider moved into my room  So this morning a large and scary looking spider crawled in my open window, and while I was grabbing a cup to capture it, it disappeared. What should I do? Like should I just move out or what?
479	2	When do fall classes usually appear in the schedule?  same as title
284	1	Announcing r/berkeleycirclejerk  Since all y'all wanna do is post about CS/DS/EECS/we're broke/everything sucks, it's time for a circlejerk sub like what r/nbacirclejerk is for r/nba for instance. Consult [Urban Dictionary](https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=circle+jerk) if you're not familiar with what circlejerk means. I've created r/berkeleycirclejerk and will be fleshing out whenever I can be bothered to. Hope everyone's having a great break <3
889	3	[Not a rant, more of an existential realization] I realized that I was hoarding experiences and activities not items...  I never really hoarded any items and am not scared to throw things. However, I just made a realization that I have been hoarding experiences and opportunities. I am having too much on my plate because I am scared that an opportunity I am going to lose if I drop it. Like hoarding items, I find it extremely difficult to prioritize and parting with my commitments and have this perceived need to continue them. It became a point where it is negatively affecting me but I am blinded by it. I balance all my part time jobs, regardless of whether or not it brings value or not. I say yes to most things (frat parties, kickbacks, socials, meetings, club events) because I'm scared of missing out on something. There's an excessive accumulation on things and experiences that I don't need that ultimately fogs up my core values and forget that I should be living for myself. My google calendar is packed to the brim with study sessions, lunches, classes, and activities throughout the day that I have no space for myself and to breathe. Like hoarding items, whenever there's free space (blank time slots on my google calendar), I feel the need to fill it up because then I am not being productive with my time or living life in college.  I feel like being at Berkeley promotes this toxic "hoarding" culture. People's LinkedIn profiles are stacked. There's a notion that one needs to do more to be successful and be more to feel wanted in the Berkeley community (especially with the toxic club culture and their applications). I just had this existential realization that doing more seems great and all, yet it makes you lose track of yourself and the purpose of being in Berkeley. I came here to row and learn. Yet, I have been experiencing such bad burn out lately that I am just existing, not growing or learning. Anyways, this is just some of my 5 AM thoughts. Today was a punch in the face for me. I realized that maybe I was emotionally burnt out because I kept saying yes to everything that I did not have time for myself. I became indecisive on what extracurriculars I should do and started avoiding certain tasks because I didn't want to face the truth. The truth was that I was overwhelmed by the experiences and activities that I have signed up for.  Just a reminder that your mental health is much more important than another thing to put in your resume. It's more  important than having a 19-20 unit course load. There's people out there in Berkeley who are goated and take 20 units, started a start-up, president of their club, doing research, get good sleep, have a good social life, etc. Yet, I think it's important to remember that everyone has their own pace for things. I want to do what's right for me and what keeps me sane. I want to choose the extracurriculars that help me grow and appreciate the relationships I have. Just some food for thought <3
951	1	UCLA waste management innovation in the mathematical sciences building
294	2	Any FPF Direct Admits?  Hi, I just got direct admission from UC Berkeley today to this program called FPF (fall program for freshman)? I'm really not sure what it is, and all the information online seems to be seriously outdated because I was not waitlisted nor am I a spring admit. Does anyone know if these students must go through a different orientation process, live in different dorms, commute to classes out of the main Berkeley campus, have completely different experiences from other students, and will be alienated from regular freshmen? Will we have to learn how to navigate UCB ourselves without the experience that other undeclared students get bc of different classes and schedules? Will people think we're dumb for going through FPF? My apologies if I sound paranoid - the information online is very vague. Thanks so much
950	1	New Bruin Megathread - ask questions about your admission or your next steps as a new admit here!  Congrats to all you new Bruins out there! Please use this to thread to ask questions pertaining to your acceptance and admissions in general. This includes UCLA vs " " threads, housing, general questions, or inquiries about the waitlist. Thanks!
13	1	Roommate question  Would you rather be roommates with: -someone you know from high school (although not very close), who is relatively quiet;  -meet someone on ig and choose them based on the preference sheets; OR -go completely random, with a slight chance that you don’t get along very well… I’m conflicted honestly so i need yalls help!!
705	1	Make this look like a penis   [View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/temkzd)
515	2	School's Bloated Bureacracy Still Working Like it's March 2020  Most students fortunately don't have to deal with Sproul Hall. I thought I wouldn't have to, and narrowly avoided them but they got me in my final semester here at Cal. They, due to sheer incompetence, messed something up for me. I tried emailing them, but they are sending braindead replies. Normally, I could just walk over to Sproul Hall and fight them on this. But they aren't working in person due to the "unprecedented and challenging circumstances" (lmao) of the COVID-19 pandemic. How often is this particular office available virtually? About 1 HOUR per DAY. Yup.  I couldn't make it for today's 1-hour window. No problem, I could just go on Monday. Oh wait, it's spring break next week! So I guess I'll just die. Go bears
751	2	bsc co-op offer at kingman  does anyone have experience living at kingman hall, or have any insight into what the culture/day-to-day is like at the house? i haven't experienced co-op living before, and i'm just not sure what to expect.  also, trying to determine whether an in-person tour is possible before accepting my offer?? the last few times i've tried to call bsc to ask them, i've been put on hold and never got through.
356	1	Anyone good with discord js? DM Me!  Especially with buttons and creating automations.
121	2	Mathematical Logic with Montalban  Hello, I was wondering if anyone has taken any courses with Montalban before—his logic courses in particular. There isn't too much feedback online in regards to his work as an instructor, and I would like to be sure that I'm getting a professor with a fair grading scheme since planning on grad-school and can't afford to have my GPA blow up.
621	3	Found a kindle on the bus! Trying to find the right owner  Hey I was taking the 52 earlier this morning to go on campus and after a bunch of people got off, I saw a kindle on an empty seat and I am trying to find the owner who I believe is a Berkeley student!
909	1	Is an iPad + Apple Pencil worth it?  Hi everyone! I'm looking for some advice -- I see tons of students at school taking notes, doing their homework, making cheat sheets, etc. with their iPads & apple pens. I am thinking of buying one too because I also want to digitally write my stuff, instead of always writing on paper and then scanning/uploading later. For those that use iPads to do their homework and take notes, how do you like it? Is the Apple Pencil really accurate, and are there any features or anything that you don’t like? Also, does anyone know of any cheaper options for tablets + pens for notetaking? Thank you!! Edit: Thank you all so much for the suggestions!! I am an EECS major, and after reading your responses, I think it really would be helpful to write on a tablet, especially for CS notetaking and doing discussion worksheets. I will look into buying an iPad and Apple Pencil! Thanks!!
895	2	Questions about upperdiv eecs courses from a scared student  Background: only took 61a and 61b (hug), questions were definitely harder than high school in that homework isn't a copy of examples in lecture, but you just had to dissect the problem (especially in projects, knowing wtf it was asking for) and  apply the concepts.   Why specifically are the homework assignments so tough (talking about cs70, 170, and probably upper div ee)? I've heard people spend 8-12 hours on them when they're around 7ish questions, while i've heard upper div math with the same amount of questions taking max 6 hrs. Is this an accurate difference, and if yes why does it exist? Is it not like lowerdiv questions, in the sense that you have to make leaps of insights on your own (basically literally learn things about the concept through these problems)? Is it basically like some olympiad shit where you're not doing homework to reinforce what you learn but to do problems that have immense skill expression? And why do people go to lecture if it's expected to read the reading notes anyway? Haven't dealt with this yet in lower div cs
983	2	when does unit cap get lifted to 21 for arts and sciences  thought it was today but mine is still 19
472	2	Can you change from molecular biology to bioengineering or bio+business program?  title\^ + how hard is it? whats the process like? ​ thank you !
477	2	Stat 20 Final advice?  How doable is an 90% on the upcoming Stat 20 final? I need this grade to pass the class. What should I do to prepare? Do they grade harshly? Has there ever been a clobber policy with the midterm grade in the past? This semester the class is binned. Thanks!
863	2	Clark Kerr Housing Offer.  I currently live in Unit 3 (triple) and it's not that bad, to say the least. I got a housing offer at Clark Kerr, but I don't really know what to make of it because I've never been to Clark Kerr. I once again got a standard triple, but some say that triples are bigger at CK than in the Units. Is that just a myth? The 20min+ walk doesn't bother me that much, but how safe is it to walk from campus to CK at like 9 pm.  I usually like to stay at the libraries until 9 pm and when I walk back to Unit 3 I feel relatively safe. I've honestly been considering requesting a transfer of location. Do the pros of living in CK outweigh the cons?
955	2	I Miss This Place and Encourage You All To Make the Best of It  I know, I know. This reddit is for memes only. But these past years seem to have been shitty for all, especially for what I've read about college students forced to go virtual, and I saw that in-person classes are starting again, so just wanted to share random thoughts from a geezer approaching middle age who somehow misses being at UCLA:   -Study hard and do well in school, but try to find a balance. I'm trying my best not to sound like an arrogant dick, but I was a South Campus major and I ended with some high ~3.9 GPA and I can safely say IT WASN'T WORTH WHAT I GAVE UP. Don't get me wrong, yes, you need to study so that you can find a job [to perform services in exchange for currency](https://www.smbc-comics.com/?id=3454#comic). But my obsession with "doing well in school" resulted in some really random regrets that I STILL THINK ABOUT ~20 years later: there was a cute girl in my Chem 30AL class that INITIATED CONVERSATION WITH ME and I still regret not following through on that. All I'm saying is, BALANCE. You know what, I was one of those assholes that looked down on people with "useless" majors, and now that I'm in the age range where people are established in their careers, married with kids, etc. I can safely say that IT DOESN'T MATTER as long as you pay a REASONABLE amount of effort. Yes, your life will probably be shit if you play Fortnite all day (or whatever you youngins play nowadays) and fail out of UCLA. No, your life is not ruined if you decide to major in English, but you're not pre-law (one of my best and more effective work friends was an English major). No, your life is not ruined if you're premed but you have a 3.0 GPA (but I'm also going to be realistic: if this is the case, this MAY be a sign you would truly struggle in med school, so you need to re-evaluate something, either your academic approach or your goals). I've seen PLENTY of smart people who graduated UNSURE about their career path or in NON OPTIMAL situations about what they wanted to do and pivoted their way into successful careers. You will find your path. Just WORK HARD AND PLAY HARD.   -Some of you are already in unfortunate circumstances. Maybe you're an intentional student and have to deal with your exorbitant fees. Maybe your family isn't well off so you have to work and deal with work-study etc. Maybe you're an actual, primary caretaker for your family. Maybe you're having a hard time adjusting to the difficulty of college. I'm sorry. BUT, MAKE SURE YOU AT LEAST ASK PEOPLE ABOUT RESOURCES THAT EXIST. I used to be a tutor for a program that has been sunset at UCLA (lol - cut to save costs I think), and in retrospect, I realize that UCLA does a shitty job of advertising this stuff. Your website is already miles ahead of the website that I had to deal with, but I'd vaguely start here: https://www.studentaffairs.ucla.edu/student-services For me, I only used the Career Resources, and my impression from my time at UCLA is that some of these places are truly underutilized. You're already paying ridiculous fees, so go ahead and USE IT.   -If you're so lucky that you have an adequate amount of free time to spend for yourself, try and revel in the "good stuff." Probably like the rest of you, I was introduced to Diddy Riese early on and thought it was just propaganda/an exaggeration that they sell the best ice cream sandwiches ever. But you know what, I don't live near LA anymore, and they absolutely are the fucking best (and I heard that the prices increased which sucks, but I feel like I'd pay 10 bucks each for those delicious, crack sandwiches). I am not at all interested in sports (I'm still not) and it may sound strange, but I regret not getting swept up in the hype of UCLA Basketball/Football, etc. COVID sucks dick, but I hope they reopen Spring Sing, probably my favorite yearly event. But even if they don't, find something.   -The people: I don't know if this is the same as for North Campus majors, for but South Campus, I realized that I ended up meeting the same people in my classes over and over again. If you're on reddit, you're probably like me, and NOT a natural social butterfly. That's OK. If you're also like me, you'll naturally make friends with some of these people just by shared commiseration about how shitty Chem 30BL/CL is (I was not at all surprised that when I heard a student was [stabbed](https://dailybruin.com/2009/10/08/student-stabbed-chemistry-lab), sure enough, it was from that class). But don't take these people for granted -- some of these people will help you in unexpected ways and have really interesting backstories, if you only take the time to ask them. I seriously regret not having deeper relationships with some of these people.   -Seriously, look into those damn opportunities: in retrospect, my favorite classes at UCLA were stuff that is completely unrelated to my major (History of Opera and Chinese language class). I would have also looked into study abroad if I felt then how I felt now (I have a newly formed interest in Korean culture).   Anyways, this post is already super long, so thanks for making it through this far lol. I want to say something corny as shit in closing: I also thought it was propaganda/stupid life advice when people would say things like "college is the best time of your life." I still don't know if that's a true statement, but I DO KNOW that it is certainly one of the most UNIQUE opportunities that you won't be able to replicate, even if you go to grad school/go for a professional degree/go for a doctorate. I can only imagine how much COVID has jacked up your plans, whether you are a returning student, a newly enrolled student, or a newly graduated/soon to graduate student. So instead of giving you that advice I'll give you this: DO THE BEST WORK TO THE EXTENT THAT YOU ARE ABLE AND NEED TO (only you know how MUCH you need to do and whether you're truly doing your best or not), KEEP AN OPEN MIND, AND GRAB AS MANY OPPORTUNITIES AS YOU CAN, NO MATTER WHAT THOSE WOULD BE.   Thanks for listening to this geezer. Peace.
295	2	Another reason why EE16B must go  It’s ironic that people who follow the age-old pre-COVID advice of “declare CS ASAP first to get enrollment priority, only take EE16B after you declare but before you graduate” are now full CS majors, regardless of what they put in their L&S application. Meanwhile freshmen/sophomores who were threaten to take EE16A/B ASAP or else you can’t graduate might never get to declare CS to start with.  So all the crap they endured went to waste because CS70 is now gated the very semester they need to take it. Never before does one semester makes such a difference to your education. Thanks EE16B, not only did you take away one semester of enrollment priority, you also took away the last semester where declaring CS is ever possible to some students. Sign the petition to [remove this requirement and save our budget]( https://www.change.org/p/remove-the-ee-16b-requirement-for-cs-majors-at-uc-berkeley).
729	2	Drop urap  Is it possible to drop a urap? What negatives will it bring?
378	3	What's Up with EECS?  Important Note:  This is based on my observations at Minion Level.  Theoretically the chairs and deans could do something.  The EECS department is shattering under load due to having gone from 400 graduates a year a decade ago to 1400 graduates/year now. 15% of the University is graduating in either EECS or L&S CS, a load that is breaking the department through a combination of both budgetary pressure and the grind of so many students. The TL:DR is that the University formula for how teaching funds are distributed (the “TAS budget”) is broken.  The department gets roughly $200 for a student in a typical 4-unit class, but costs roughly $375 to hire all the TAs necessary, with the remaining $175 coming out of other departmental money.  This departmental funding comes from “profitable” programs (M.Eng, extension, and summer) and a portion from the University that is basically a function of the size of the faculty in the department, which clearly hasn’t scaled with demand. So the EECS department is running a deficit of a few million dollars a year and the only ways to fix it are for either the University to actually fund undergraduate teaching or for EECS to drastically cut enrollment by over 50%!  And it isn’t a lot of money.  Perhaps $4-5M a year. But the budget is almost an excuse.  The teaching load is ridiculous and things are failing.  If we lose one or two critical must-teach-every-semester upper division classes (e.g. 161, 186, 188, 189) we lose the undergraduate talent pipeline necessary to support 1000+ students a year in that class.  Even someone like me, who likes teaching, has grown exhausted from teaching just the same two classes on a continuous basis. The department has to take drastic action.  Last year there was a rejected attempt to reduce L&S by turning it into an EECS-style freshman admission.  Since that failed there is a pending vote to cut the size of the major through the back-door.  By restricting CS70 to just those who were admitted as EECS or CS through L&S, this would cut in half the number of students who declare CS or EECS. There is an asterisk in the proposal for existing L&S and non-EECS Engineering students but that is “budget permitting” and, as clearly visible, the budget doesn’t actually permit this.  And if the department was serious about allowing existing students they wouldn’t have capped CS70 this summer at just 200 students, since summer classes (due to their profitable nature) normally scale to support however many students wish to take a class. What does this mean?  First, nothing is official yet.  The vote result is unannounced, and even then there could be a miracle and Berkeley actually decides to fund EECS to a level necessary to meet demand.  But color me unhopeful. So assuming it passes, what does it mean? If you are considering Berkeley for CS starting Fall 2022 but didn’t select “CS” or “EECS” on the application form you will need to go someplace else.  I doubt any policy will protect you, and the department’s failure to communicate this already infuriates me. If you were admitted as EECS or selected “CS” for a Letters and Science admission you should be OK.  Well, in the same sinking boat as everyone else if the department fails in maintaining the upper division. If you are L&S but didn’t check “CS”, or a non-EECS Engineering student, it may be impossible to get into CS if you can’t get into CS70 this summer.  The only thing that can save you is if somehow the University is willing to provide enough money to actually teach the demand. If the department had the funding it could possibly develop the will to continue to teach at our scale.  But since I doubt the money would ever come, there is no sense trying to cultivate the will.
641	1	Grad Pictures  for grad pics do people just show up on a weekend when it’s not crazy busy?? all my friends took grad pics during covid so they didn’t have to worry about this lol
753	1	1960's Berkeley Booklet
58	1	Fall 2021 EE 120 Grade Distribution
798	1	Does anyone else remember UC Berkeley also got Pumpkins? 20 years ago I was an undergrad...and I distinctly recall this exact thing happening at Cal as it did at Cornell? Awaking one morning to find pumpkins atop the pinnacle of the Campanile and many other spires across campus?
371	1	D&D Groups?  Hi! I work at Cal (23f) and am looking to join a local D&D campaign (bonus points if horror themed!). Any leads?
271	2	SEED Scholarship Letter of Recommendation  Hi all! I got invited to apply to the SEED Scholars Honors Program. However, I found out just today when decisions came out and the deadline is in a week. Should I still ask teachers for recs even if it's short notice? I do have teachers who have already written letters of rec from college application season, so I can ask them. However, these teachers are all teachers from Sophmore year (Honors English and AP Bio). Should I ask these teachers instead? Thanks in Advance! (P.S, please let me know if I have posted on the wrong subreddit and should post on r/a2c instead! Thank you!)
974	3	Missing Airpod Pros Near Physics Building/Bomb Shelter/ South Campus  Hi there has anyone seen a pair of airpod pros in a black case near the Physics and astronomy building or Young Hall CS50? I just lost them on the way to class and I can’t find it with all the foot traffic and rain it’s too chaotic. It was last seen near the mathematics building. I can offer a swipe if found. plz pm me.
169	2	What is the UC Berkeley STEM Excellence through Equity & Diversity (SEED) Scholars Honors Program?  Hi, recently I was admitted to UC Berkeley and also received an invite to apply to this program on my applicant portal, and I have a few questions. Is this worth applying to? How many applicants are selected to apply? And if anyone has experience with in this program, I'd love to hear about your experience. Thanks!
239	2	How much does the Child Care Program on campus charge at Cal?
207	2	How Hard is it to Declare a CS Major?  I just got into L&S and was wondering  how hard it is to get that 3.3 gpa in lower division CS courses.  Would it be a better option to go to UCLA where I already have my guaranteed major of CS?
358	2	So the department knows that the L&S will not approve the new proposal  Fyi, cs department proposed to L&S to change the cs admission to something like UW/UIUC, that is direct admit only. But as you, and I, and the department, and everyone knows, this won't pass. Just get the additional tuition fee per each CS majors. That's the easiest way to solve this problem. As for the economically disadvantaged instate students, department should just waive the additional fee. Btw there are numerous backdoors to this way(reducing cs70 class size) of limiting L&S cs as well. If money is the problem, only money can solve it. PERIOD \-> Based on some posts, it's not much. It says each cs majors owe $2,000 to the cs department until they graduate. So why don't just add additional fee of $1,000 per year for cs majors? It will solve the issue quite easily.
874	1	please I just want some research
600	2	Anyone who wants to switch from your co-op to Casa Zimbabwe for Fall 2022  I got into Casa Zimbabwe for the fall 2022, but I prefer to move to into  Cloyne where they don't allow drinking, smoking, and drugs.  Any other  smaller co-op would be fine too. Thank you.
509	1	Mask mandate ends April 4
434	2	cs majors I need some advice  Im currently taking 61a and somewhat liking the class. I scored ehh on midterm 1 (34/40) and totally flunked midterm 2 (30/50). As you can see, exams are not my strength, but I want to continue to pursue CS. How likely am I to declare ? I heard 61B and CS70 are significantly harder. For context: on the final, I need a 62/75 for an A- or a 45ish/75 for a B+
585	2	Yo where do I get a "green book"?  I have a midterm for a class tomorrow and the GSI just sent an announcement that I need to bring a "green book" to the exam tomorrow. Apparently its the same thing as the blue book but green. Anyhow, where the hell would I get a green book? Do they sell them at the Cal student store?
34	3	Am I the only one freaking out about the Math 1B midterm on Tuesday?  The second half of the practice midterms are ridiculously hard for me. I have never been so scared in my life. I'm freaking the fuck out.
634	1	BEWARE - scammer  My boyfriend got scammed today Southside by an Italian guy who claimed to work in high fashion.  He was looking for directions to the airport to fly back to Italy after being here for two weeks for a couple of events. He said he needed $3200 in cash to pay off his rental car because he just hosted a big event with his credit card and the credit card company was waiting 24 hrs before letting him make another charge with it.  He said he would pay him back tomorrow by sending money to his bank account through Zelle.  He also offered my boyfriend “collateral” in the form of a watch and 5 leather jackets that he took a lighter to to “prove” that it was genuine leather. He said the jackets were unreleased and each was worth about $3500 and he could take them to Nordstrom to exchange them for cash.  Ultimately, the jackets were a completely unknown and most likely fake brand and watch is most likely fake as well. Just wanted to share this to warn people so hopefully no one else gets scammed! EDIT: stop telling me how dumb he is, i could tell him that myself but i don’t see a point in kicking someone who’s down already. and it’s not why i posted this 🙄 EDIT: wow did not realize how toxic the berkeley community is. literally just wanted to psa no matter how stupid it might sound in case it could save even just one person from being scammed and the comments are just filled with people kicking someone who’s already down and downvoting my comments where i’m literally just explaining what happened??
433	1	What is the best time to take photos on campus?  Taking grad photos for someone and wanted to know when the sun would be just right!
311	1	Data Science…  Data Science baby let’s go😤😤😤 Fuck CS. I think we get the same jobs anyway lol
701	2	16b midterm  What did y’all think about it. Longest exam I have ever taken.
475	2	berkeley or ucla for chemE  both schools are a top choice for me but im not sure which one would be best for my major. for background, i applied to both la and berk as a chem major but recently decided that chemical engineering would be more fitting for me. would ucla or berk be more prestigious for chemE? I heard great things for both berk’s Coc and ucla’s chemE program.
331	3	Petition: Remove the EE 16B Requirement for L&S CS Majors  [https://www.change.org/p/remove-the-ee-16b-requirement-for-cs-majors-at-uc-berkeley](https://www.change.org/p/remove-the-ee-16b-requirement-for-cs-majors-at-uc-berkeley) There has been so much negativity surrounding EE16B for a while now, and in light of the EECS funding crisis, I think it’s a good time for us to finally bring this course to attention and petition for the removal of this absurd requirement for CS majors. To start off, the EE16B course is widely known to be very poorly organized and taught, and a majority of the course content have absolutely no relevancy for most CS majors. Students from every single semester have complained endlessly about how much valuable time they wasted from their lives learning materials they won’t ever use again in their careers, as well as the detrimental effects it has had on their mental and physical health. Seriously, it is quite outrageous that a requirement like this still exists in our department. In addition, EE16B is apparently a well-funded class that takes away a large amount of resources and budget from the department, causing many of the upper division CS courses to be stripped of funding and seats. This means that not everyone can successfully enroll into the upper division courses that they wanted to take, and those who do enroll into these courses won’t receive nearly as much resources as they need. Many of the courses they used to offer in the past are gone because of this, and the most important courses (CS170, CS189, CS186, CS162, CS161) are becoming increasingly difficult to enroll into due to reduced seats. More recently, there has also been issues surrounding the restricted enrollment for CS70 as part of the department’s solution to cut costs. This is simply ridiculous, and the root of all these problems is funding, so why can’t we just remove the pointless EE16B requirement to free up much needed funding? Despite taking away an enormous amount of funding from the department, the EE16B course itself still struggles to expand its seats to accommodate for all students who need this requirement to graduate, which is quite a joke. Every semester, the department warns students to enroll into EE16B as early as they can since there won’t be any guarantees that juniors and seniors would be able to make it into the class. There have been instances every year where  2nd semester CS seniors cannot enroll into EE16B, and thus have trouble graduating on time, jeopardizing the full-time job offers that they have already accepted. If enrollment is still such a huge problem for EE16B, then why can’t the department just remove this graduation requirement altogether for CS majors to free up seats and funding? They really are contradicting themselves whenever they mention that funding is an issue while still requiring everyone to take this useless course in order to graduate. This issue is even more bizarre when you realize that CS majors admitted to Cal before fall 2017 don’t even need to take EE16B in order to graduate. Instead, they have the option to take EE16A + Math 54 to fulfill the requirement, as opposed to EE16A/Math 54 + EE16B. This further reveals the lack of necessity to enforce EE16B as a graduation requirement for all CS majors. As a preliminary proposal to remove the EE16B requirement, we can have the following choices for CS majors: \- Take an upper division technical elective instead of EE16B \- Recall the option of taking EE16A + Math 54 to fulfill the requirement \- Take Math 110 instead of EE16B \- Literally any 4-unit course in the school instead of EE16B Of course, these options don’t have to be mutually exclusive, and they each offer much more value to CS majors while saving valuable time in comparison to the EE16B requirement. Feel free to add any ideas to the above as well. Please sign the petition here [https://www.change.org/p/remove-the-ee-16b-requirement-for-cs-majors-at-uc-berkeley](https://www.change.org/p/remove-the-ee-16b-requirement-for-cs-majors-at-uc-berkeley). If the department doesn’t respond effectively to our petition, we will be hosting organized protests on campus to ensure that our voices are heard. Whatever it takes, let’s remove the EE16B requirement.
473	2	Apply to PhD.  I am admitted to the MEng program in Berkeley and some other MS programs, but there is part of me that still want to pursue a phd degree after. I wonder would the master degree put me on disadvantage during application. Since MEng is a not a thesis program, would it be better to choose a thesis based MS program?If choose the MEng program and start doing research with Professor, would it be the same?
615	2	Housing  Is it weird for seniors to live in residence halls?
7	1	Unidentified substance (Tissue? Plastic? in Cafe 3's dining hall food
421	2	wait what  just read a post saying that those who did not explicitly declare CS when admitted will not be given a chance to declare can anyone clarify/expand on how true this is? should i go back to the drawing board with my life plans?
266	2	For admitted Freshmen: Do you guys have your CalNetID yet?
56	2	Advice about financial aid for OOS?  Hi! This is my very first Reddit post so I'm really sorry if I'm doing something wrong. I was accepted to Berkeley recently, but I have no financial aid (which I'm pretty sure is normal for OOS). If I contact the financial aid office, is there any hope of cutting that down? And down by quite a lot of money? Like, uh, half? My family is middle class but on the lower side. I was just wondering anyone has had success with a similar experience. Berkeley is the only school I've ever toured and I can't let it go just yet. Thank you! Edit: Please let me know if this isn't the place to ask... idk where/whom to contact so I'm just grabbing at straws.
384	1	waitlisted at UCLA  Please give me encouraging stories of being waitlisted at UCLA but accepted to UCB. I never completely wanted to go to LA because i didn’t think my stats were strong enough but now i’m even more terrified. UCB is my DREAM school, i went to the campus my freshman year and senior year and i absolutely love it more and more each time. my heart dropped when i got requests for LORs and my essays were based more towards Cal. may the bear bring me luck for Thursday! rawr! 🐻 EDIT: I GOT IN!!! GO BEARS!!! Thank you for everyone who responded! I’m glad to say that it is possible. :)
183	2	Co2026 Decision Help  if anyone can read my comment for a minute or two that’d be great 😂 I got accepted into Berkeley as a regents scholar, and finances have been a priority for me so that definitely boosts Berkeley to the top of my choices. However, UCLA has always been right there too, and tbh I think it was my dream school as a kid and I just couldn’t imagine turning it down (also got in there).They’ve only offered me half tuition so far but I may be receiving a Boys and girls club scholarship worth up to 100k. Just as much, though, I could never imagine turning down Berkeley 😂 If I can pay for both, which is better for a political science major and future law school student? I’m naturally introverted but extroverted when u get to know me, I am really trying to increase my persona and get some good networking, I’m trying to advocate for changes, and I want to be involved in intramurals and weightlifting. I just want to be as happy as possible, but I am an extremely hard worker and have been known for putting in hours upon hours of work outside of school and not hanging out that much 😂 (also, I’m not stupid, if I don’t get as good of an offer from la, then I’m going Berkeley)
391	2	Data science  Hey everyone, with all this going on with CS 70, I hope the data science major is not impacted or is it?
871	2	Control Theory/Robotics research over the summer?   I am currently taking EE C128 and want to apply what I'm learning in that class to something. After this semester I will have taken EE120, EE123, EECS 126, EECS149, EECS 151 (fpga lab), CS162, CS170, and have a lot of systems/embedded software and full-stack/app development experience.  I was wondering what some good labs to inquire about summer research would be. Ideally I'd like to join a lab that intersects control theory with some other fields (like AI/ML, optimization/probability, or signal processing) but my main priority is to work in a lab where I can apply and learn more about controls. If anything comes to mind lmk!
200	2	Acceptance Package/Letters for International Students?  I was very fortunate enough to have been accepted to Berkeley a few days ago which was an amazing surprise following the mountain of waitlists and rejections from all the other UCs + being international. I looked through some past threads but didn’t get an answer so I’m making a post: does berkeley send acceptance pamphlet package things to international students? If so, does anyone know around how long it takes for them to arrive? Thank you:)
100	2	Appeal after rejection?  Did anyone here get accepted on an appeal after being rejected for freshman admission? particularly like in the past two years w covid-era admissions lol but any advice is helpful. in the process of writing my appeal rn and desperately, desperately want to get in so i'd really appreciate any advice/tips/etc from someone who went through the same process :) thank uu guys!
59	2	Summer Minor: Race and the Law  Saw this on the berkeley academic guide and was wondering if anyone could tell me their experiences doing this summer minor? do you enjoy it and would you recommend it to others? does completing it provide any advantages?
494	2	Foreign Language requirement  does anyone know if we can complete the foreign language requirement over the summer at a community college and then transfer credits over? thanks!
894	2	chances with co-op access code 3?  just got an email saying my access code for fall is #3, im not exactly sure how it works so i wanted to ask what my chances were? i'm open to most of the houses i just don't rly want to live in cz or cloyne bc of the size edit: i would prefer one of the smaller houses like euclid, kidd, or wolf but im assuming those r kinda off the table if i'm in the 3rd group?? idk help
146	4	Friend got sexually assaulted by homeless man  Yesterday my friend got sexually assaulted by a short (about 5 - 5 foot 3 inches) black homeless man on Telegraph by Blondie's. He took off his pants and touched her with his penis in broad daylight. If you see this man stay away and don't let your female friends walk alone. Edit: Thank you for all the positive responses. I'm glad there's such a supportive community here and I'll recommend these things to my friend. I'm sorry for everyone else who has experienced something like this. ♥️
685	1	How do people find out about all the concerts??  I keep seeing concerts on my IG stories and on here, but never see ads for them or anything. What sites/pages/places do you guys go to in order to stay up to date? I've never been to a concert, and I really want to :(
396	1	Long commutes, multiple roommates and friends’ couches: how UC Berkeley students live
893	1	35mm film + camera stuff  hello!  does anyone know of any clubs/accounts that'll help me learn more about film and cameras? ive been using a (resuable) disposable camera for the longest time and want to invest in a film camera, but i know nothing about them. any tips would be appreciated ! ty!!
316	2	Protest  Not a CS student here but I've been planning a double major in DS and plan to take 70 so I can take more CS upper divs. The "70 crisis" is pretty disappointing and if anyone's organizing a protest against this potential policy, please let me know because it is certainly not right for the university to do this, especially for current and incoming students.
176	1	I found this interesting place at the stadium, is it available for students?  Today while I was walking around the stadium, I saw this place in the photo, which has a lot of weightlifting racks. Is this place available for normal students? Since the hex plates at RSF really sucks for deadlifting, it would be great if we can use this place.  ​ https://preview.redd.it/22ift27xbmp81.jpg?width=3024&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=e6ef2fc66ba2685a2fa21b03816647353ad858a5
180	2	How easy is it to switch majors within the college of engineering?  Hi all, I was admitted yesterday under one of the engineering majors. I am curious as to how easy/hard it is to change to EECS (or do a joint major after 2nd yr).
834	2	Wheelchair access to Doe/Gardner?  Now that Moffitt is closed for renovation what other entries are wheelchair accessible for the Doe/Gardner stacks?  Thanks!
766	1	Anyone have knowledge about living in Davis House  Looking for more info! Not much online:)
19	2	AC class with no final & low workload - Fall 2022?  I need to fulfill the American Cultures requirement. Any recs on an easy AC class with preferably no exams? I plan to pnp it so it doesn't necessarily need to be an auto A, but something with little workload and no midterms/finals would be ideal haha. Thanks!
806	1	Recs for live music/open mics, etc?  Hi everyone! I'm looking for recommendations for live music & open mic nights. I'm looking for places that are relatively close to campus, but I have a car so I can drive out if needed. (I'm also on a bit of a budget so I'm looking for places where the cover charge isn't super pricy.) Thanks!
68	1	Date accomplished  I have finally gone on my first date, thanks for everyone supporting me lmao (look at previous posts)😂
795	2	I hate coding  Taking math 124 as my first exposure to coding, and I absolutely abhor it. I dread even beginning the HW. Somehow everyone in the class averages a 95% on HW and like a B+ on exams/quizzes, so this is going to tank my GPA. My will and desire to study for the class are fast dwindling, as I'm struggling to get a C even while putting a ton of effort, and it's rubbing off on all of my other courses.  Do you all enjoy coding, or are you doing it because it's the best career choice from a financial perspective?
453	2	Does performance in 61A correlate to how well of a software engineer you will be?  Because if so maybe software engineering is not for me. If the day to day activities of a software engineer are anywhere near as difficult as CS 61A, both exams and projects then I'm fucked lol
231	1	is there a place to get a little bit of a white paint on campus?  Quick random question, but does anyone know if there's a place where I can borrow a bit of a white paint on campus, like from the art department? I was originally looking to buy some paint myself, but I can't seem to find it locally and I just need a really tiny bit of it (the paint on the edge of my desk came off and it looks rather ugly, so I think a bit of paint might make it better).
616	2	Going fully online next year doable for CS?  I've been thinking about my options for next year since next year is my last year here and due to some personal circumstances as well as how bad the housing market is here, I was wondering if it would be possible for me to go fully online next year as a CS major and just fly for exam days especially since most CS courses are webcasted. I don't mind losing discussion credits or attendance points and don't really care about the social aspect or the "college experience" of being in person since I want to just get my degree and start making a living.
53	2	International Studies Breadths  What are some of your favorite international studies breadths? I'm hoping to enroll in a class with relatively little reading, but its not a requirement. I don't really care if the class is hard or the curve is bad as long as the course is interesting.
246	2	Cloyne Co-op Questions  Hi, I just got my offer for a spot in the Cloyne Co-op house and I was interested to hear more about this awesome house from previous and current residents. Im a very sociable person, and was wondering how are the vibes in the house. Since this is an academic focused house and right around the corner of the cs building, how diverse would you say the residents are in regards to majors. Also, my biggest concern. How would you rate and describe the cleanliness of the shared spaces and bathrooms. Any insight would be great to hear! Thanks
913	2	Borrowing library books  Anyone know how long the loan periods usually are? Can we keep books during the summer as well (After the semester ends)? Ty!
709	1	Rsf weight room  When is the best time to go to the weight room?? I feel like it’s always hella packed and you can’t even get a full workout in
814	2	What are some resources you all recommend for someone who wants to get into coding?  I'm an intended MCB major looking to get a minor (maybe double major) in data science or compsci, but I barely have any coding experience. I'm learning how to program with R right now but I was wondering how everyone else here got into coding. What resources did you all utilize? I'd prefer something free and could prepare me for coding courses at Berkeley. Also, how do I know if I can take some of the major requirements for data science/compsci at community college? Ik there was a website to check, but I forgot the name.
23	1	ipad pro for tests  hi everyone! im an incoming freshman and am planning to be a political science major, and am considering buying and ipad pro for college with the keyboard attachment. the only concern i have is that i might not be able to use it for taking exams, does anyone have an input?
336	2	Resume ?  to be honest, not sure but, after taking data 8, is there anything notable I can add to my resume ?
570	1	Congrats to AEW's new Women's Champion Thunder Rosa (a.k.a. Melissa Cervantes UC Berkeley Sociology c/o 2010)
811	2	anyone else feel that everyone just speaks a secret social language you don't?  idk, I feel like more than half the time I try to join a conversation (especially with more "socially normal" people, I have very few friends but they're mostly nerds) people have to switch gears to include me in it, when they converse with each other with a lot less friction. anyone relate? it almost feels like a second language issue, except I speak english natively.
481	1	Any advice on how to go to a bar by yourself?  I'm bored and want to go out, but I'm pretty nervous to go alone. I feel like most people go to bars with friends and it would be hard to strike up a conversation with people.
113	1	stanford news  https://www.reddit.com/r/technews/comments/tphtkq/stanford_transitions_to_100_percent_renewable/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
168	1	Idk how I got in here lol  I thought I was only gonna get into Santa Cruz, but I got in here and Santa Barbra. I’m a pretty laid back and a not-really-tryhard type of guy, so Berkley seems a bit intimidating, but I feel like it would be a crime to turn down a Berkley admission. Like okay everyone else from my school who got admitted are geniuses and I’m just kinda like some dude. Ofc I took hella AP’s and kept my grades at A’s, but school has never been my focus, I like doing a lot of different things. Should I still pull up? Any other non try hard dudes out there at Berkley still having a blast under the working conditions? Lmk cause I’m pretty sure I’m gonna end up there lol.
762	2	question about co-op  is there anyone that has lived in the kingman house that i can talk to about their living experience?
362	2	Should I transfer out (CS)?  Just knew about what's happening with cs70... apparently I can't declare cs anymore because I didn't indicate it in my application, which feels awful since if I knew that I would've indicated cs or gone to a different school. Furthermore, I can't even take the useful cs upper divs as a ds major because without cs70 I can't take cs170 and 162. Also, seeing how so many students are gonna do ds instead of cs because of this policy, ds is probably gonna be more impacted as well. This makes me really scared about my future..... My question is: if I really want to be a SWE after graduation (and no plans of grad school), should I transfer to a state school to study cs at this point?
697	2	How does auditing a class "work"?  Title. I hear of people doing it all the time but is it just sitting in on lectures or do you actually need to "enroll" or do something?
730	1	lesbian / bi clubs in the area?  any ideas? went to genderfuck at steamworks but hoping for more regularly occuring events!
543	1	Shout out to HKN and their cope cookies  Really when we need it most
25	2	SEED Scholars  I was just admitted to Berkeley EECS for Fall 2022! I was also invited to apply for SEED. Hypothetically, if I apply and am accepted for SEED, am I required to participate in the program? Or can I decline the program acceptance and still attend Berkeley? I'm asking because I'm not certain if I would like to attend the summer program, if accepted.
289	3	My thoughts on theme housing program WISE (Womxn in STEAM Empowerment)  Hi, I'm a freshman this year living at Stern Hall in a theme housing program, WISE (Womxn in STEAM Empowerment). I found virtually no information on WISE last year when I was deciding whether or not to apply, so I'm going to share my experience with it so far. Sorry in advance, this is going to be really long and comprehensive. I will try my best to keep my emotions out of this and break it into chunks with descriptive headers. Hopefully this information will be interesting and/or helpful! *TL;DR - WISE is not at all what it is advertised as. Instead of teaching us how to succeed as women in STEAM fields, we have been taught how to be "woke," and there have been none of the fancy events that were promised. WISE has been canceled for Spring 2022 because too many of us complained.* **What is WISE?** WISE is described by [its official website](https://reslife.berkeley.edu/academics/theme-programs/empowering-womxn-in-steam/) as so: >Empowering Womxn in STEAM Theme Program (WISE), is focused on exploring the intersections of gender with Science, Technology, Engineering, the Arts and Mathematics.   >   >The WISE Theme Program began in 1999 as an affinity space for 42 first-year female-identified students. The goal is for residents to explore their interest in science, technology, engineering, arts, and mathematics (STEAM) fields, and intersections of social identity in their profession. Through weekly seminar discussions and intentional programming, WISE provides a critical community where residents learn about the gender gap, power, and privilege in the STEAM fields and advancements in current research.  They also advertise the following required events: * Fall and spring WISE Theme Program retreats * WISE programs, hosted by the Theme Program Assistant * Faculty dinner * Faculty and Industry Roundtables * Community Mixer * WISE Conference * Cal Day * End of the Year Celebration >Events include a wide variety of leadership and community-building activities, such as dinners with faculty, study groups, on-site tutoring, mentoring, and field trips. **Why did I apply?** My roommate and I applied to housing together, and we decided to apply to WISE as well, as we are both STEM majors. The events sounded incredibly promising, and the small community was appealing. I saw this as a great way to make friends, start focusing on career development, and figure out exactly what I want to do with my major in the STEM field. The website, my only resource on the program at the time, promised workshops, speakers, academic support, and field trips. The theme of this program resonated very strongly with me as a female CS major, as all of my high school CS experiences were uncomfortably male-dominated. I have strong interests in workplace success for women in male-dominated STEM fields and also in the importance of diversity in the workplace. I was looking forward to learning about and discussing the difficulties of being a woman in the STEM field. Additionally, the theme program requires that participants live in Stern Hall, which is located at the Foothill complex and is the only all-female student dormitory. All I knew about Stern was that it was all-female, and the building looked really pretty in the pictures I'd seen. I liked the idea that you would live near the other students in WISE. It seemed like a fun way to have people with your major around you and make friends. **Fall Semester: Broken Promises </3** Okay, to say that the WISE program was disappointing is an understatement. Going back to read all of WISE's promises has actually been shocking—the website displays an egregious misrepresentation of what I experienced.  ***Fall Retreat*** The program started off on a disappointing note that, as I now can see, set the tone for the rest of the semester. WISE featured a mandatory 2-hour seminar every Monday evening that I will refer to as WISE seminar. The program is supposed to organize a retreat at the beginning of each semester. The fall retreat's time and date was communicated to us 2 days before it was scheduled to happen, and it seemed to be a 3-hour event at Stern/Foothill. Shortly after, it was postponed to the time of our first WISE seminar. I'm not sure what a retreat is supposed to look like, but our retreat entailed sitting in an assembly room with cold pizza and 2 hours of awkward icebreakers. We also wrote letters to our future selves and made some posters in small groups. Since the seminar is from 6-8 PM every Monday, we asked whether we would be provided dinner each week. The program coordinator and instructors said that we would get dinner sometimes, but not every week. SPOILER: we did not ever get dinner again after this first meeting. ***What We Actually Learned*** It would become clear that WISE was not at all what I expected. I expected to learn specifically about the challenges of being a woman in STEM. Instead, the seminars focused on learning about intersectionality and how social identities (gender, sexual orientation, economic status, citizenship/immigration status, age, race, ethnicity, disability, etc.) all contribute to discrimination, lack of opportunity, and oppression. I understand these topics are extremely important, but this was not what any of us signed up for, and the way that we learned about these topics became questionable. Each week, WISE seminar felt more and more like a waste of time. There was a very detailed syllabus, and we would receive homework assignments and weekly readings to do. Each week, we would learn about some topic almost completely unrelated to the topic of being a woman in STEAM. We would focus on discrimination against different subgroups of identities, such as economic status, race, sexual orientation.  ***Discriminating to learn how to... not discriminate?*** Throughout the semester, we learned about the intersectionality of identities and how some identities are privileged while others are discriminated against. One teaching activity that the WISE instructors particularly liked to do was having us separate into groups in different corners of the room based on how we identify. Once, we were told to separate into low-income, low middle-income, high middle-income, and high-income groups. We were also grouped by race in a Zoom call once. I understood these exercises to allow us to talk about discrimination, common problems, and misconceptions about our identity groups and share with the rest of these class. But it could be, and was, rather uncomfortable for many of us, especially to openly disclose your economic status to a class of around 40 people.  It's a really strange approach to talk about, for example, how white people are the oppressors, while POC are the oppressed. Then following that, have us all separate into racial groups. It seemed inappropriate, and the WISE instructors did not reconsider this approach even when students voiced their discomfort in front of the entire class later in the semester. ***Fall Final Project*** I don't know why, but I was expecting the final project to be something related to being a woman in STEAM. Instead, it was a group presentation project in which each group had to come up with a minute-by-minute instruction plan to teach the rest of the class about a certain identity (economic status, gender, race/ethnicity, etc). This project was the turning point for me to start to realize how much time I was wasting on WISE. **Miscellaneous Takeaways/Experiences at Wise!** *I'll be adding to this as any new WISE memories leak through the hefty mental block my brain has placed on all things WISE* * NONE of the events that were promised EVER happened. No faculty dinners, workshops, roundtables, mixers, or anything. Just WISE seminar every Monday. * I’m not sure if this will be true for future program participants, but we did get to live in the nicer/newer wing of Stern Hall. Otherwise, it’s a game of chance if you want to live in Stern but not have to live in the older, crustier rooms. * WISE was a 1-unit, pass/no-pass (P/NP) course, but the instructors kept talking about it like our GPA mattered for this class. I don’t know if they ever figured out that it was P/NP. * I am personally not white, but with the way that the instructors spoke about “white people,” I would have felt very uncomfortable if I were. *  Almost none of the content was focused on STEAM. One of the only STEAM-related things I remember was learning, through a hands-on disability-simulating seminar, that people with dyslexia have a much harder time reading large, complex words in scientific literature.    **Redeeming Qualities** Even though this post sounds overwhelmingly negative, I do have a lot of respect for the program coordinators/instructors. COVID hit everyone really hard, and I believe that everyone tried their best on WISE. Here are some nice things that happened: * I stopped doing my work after I realized that WISE was a huge waste of time. But I still passed <3 * I did end up making some friends. A lot of us were able to bond and relate over the frustrations of WISE. The students in the program generally are really thoughtful and interesting! * Since a lot of WISE students complained, there will be no more P/NP WISE seminar this semester! They say that they’ll organize optional events, and there has been a resume workshop so far. * Even though the topics covered were not what I signed up for, they are still incredibly important to talk about. There was a lot of fresh and thoughtful conversation from my peers, and I learned a lot. **Closing Thoughts** This post is heavily biased because I came into this program with personalized expectations and did not appreciate that this was not what I signed up for. I do feel the need to emphasize again that the program has been NOTHING like it was described on the official website. Feel free to ask me any questions about my experience. I don’t know how WISE will be in future years, but good luck if you do apply!
197	1	Vegetarian Food @ Berkeley  How's the food situation at Berkeley, especially for vegetarians?
11	2	Pre-1800 req for English majors  Hi! I'm looking for pre-1800 recommendations. I put this one off LOL but I'm looking at either Chaucer with prof Nolan or old English with prof Miller. Has anyone taken either of these and can speak to workload, difficulty etc? (\*There's also English 119: Literature of the Restoration and the Early 18th Century with prof Sorensen but idk anything about the class) Looking for something chill and interesting because I'm also taking English190 and want to be able to focus on that one!
988	2	How to go to class if we haven't gotten a chance to get tested yet?  I just flew back to Westwood this afternoon, and I just realized that when I take my weekly covid test tomorrow, I won't have results until Tuesday (earliest). How will I be able to go to my required lectures without results? Do I just show up and explain that I couldn't get a test earlier? Idk I'm just a bit worried.
628	1	Favorite restaurants within 5 miles of campus… ?
233	2	Odds that I get summer housing?  I submitted my application two days ago for a summer housing for a one bedroom apartment on campus. What are the odds that I get in?
734	2	NUSCTX 10S  What was the professors announcement during class today? He said he was making one today “that would please most of us” during the review on Friday 🤨
655	3	Not paying tuition on time  Urgent: I paid for tuition for the months of January and February. I partially paid this month and have $40 left to pay this month. Are there any consequences if I don't pay this month on time? I know the Cancel for non-payment policy is suspended this semester.
242	2	Do people actually get rescinded?  And if so, what grades would be necessary for that to happen? I'm pretty worried as one of my grades this year is lower (by 1 letter) than the Conditions of Admission. Also how do I contact admissions/my AO apart from the form on the portal? Any help appreciated .
276	2	questions about UCB waitlist (specific to college of engineering)  hi ive just been waitlisted at UCB and i really love this school and willing to do whatever i can to get into cal...i originally applied for aerospace engineering but idk how the waitlist works and whether u get waitlisted at a specific college or its just a general waitlist. for the optional essay they have said to "let us know which first-year pathways you would be willing to accept if offered a space". I know about some pathways like FPF, but I don't know if something like FPF is only applicable for like students planning to major at the college of letters and science, or if I can indicate FPF in my optional essay even though I've applied to the college of engineering. Any advice/info at all (even wider advice about how to make my optional essay stand out) would be greatly appreciated. Thanks :)
77	2	Any Easy Upper-divs that are in Session A of Summer Sessions?  Title.
916	2	Campus libraries w actual reading books  i’ve literally never borrowed a book from one of our libraries lol - but is there a library on campus that has books that aren’t just about academic articles/journals/research and are fiction or just nonacademic? Or if it is about research, maybe ones that are good for understanding self/self-help books in a way?
698	2	@ my public health declared besties !!!!!!  may I please reach out for some input ab applying to the major? i am really nervous ab applying and would love and appreciate someone to talk to.🥺 ty <3
444	1	Anyone here play Dnd? I'm interested in learning  Title is basically it. I've been listening to this dnd podcast recently and that got me really interested in learning more about the game and start Playing it a bit. Wanted to know if anyone who plays in Berkeley that would be willing to teach me haha
594	2	Energy Engineering and EECS  Prospective student here, class of 26. Two questions: 1. I haven't seen much about the energy engineering major here - any thoughts on it?  2. Suppose I want to double major in energy engineering and EECS...how hard is it to add the EECS major if I'm initially admitted to the College of Engineering as an energy engineering major? Thanks!
67	2	How to decline summer housing offer  Title
89	1	Graduation Shoots  Hope everyone had a good spring break!!!  If you're graduating soon and looking to do a grad shoot without breaking the bank, I'd be happy to help you out! I'm a third year here, I used to be a wedding photographer and have done graduation/club shoots over the past few months.  I'm mainly doing this out of enjoyment, so I'm pretty flexible on rates. If anyone is interested, please feel free to DM me for samples or any questions!
393	2	How to sign up for 2 factor  I am a new grad student that needs to apply for family housing ASAP. I cannot figure out how to register for 2 factor with my calnet ID, as logging in asks for a push notification to change anything. Please help!
154	2	UC Berkeley Bioengineering VS UC Davis Biomedical Engineering  A couple weeks ago, I was admitted to UC Davis for their biomedical engineering program. I was set on going there having been waitlisted from my other UC’s. However, day before yesterday, I was admitted to UC Berkeley for their bioengineering program. I am currently conflicted of where I should go.  UC Berkeley’s bioengineering program is extremely good, having close connections with UCSF. Berkeley’s overall prestige is also something to note. Berkeley basically has world renowned programs in every single department and Berkeley alumni are all extremely successful. However, I have heard that Berkeley’s student life is very cutthroat and competitive (heard that grade deflation is rampant), students are unhappy there, and the surrounding area is unsafe. Of course, these are things that I’ve heard, so please correct me if I’m wrong. UC Davis’ biomedical program is obviously still quite good and I’ve heard that it is not as competitive as Berkeley. I’ve heard that it is easier to get involved in research at Davis compared to Berkeley and easier to achieve a higher GPA. I have heard that the student life is much more peaceful and overall, it’s a more well rounded college experience. I have also heard that the surrounding area at Davis is significantly more safe. However, I know that Davis does not carry the same reputation and name that Berkeley does. People often complain that Davis is in the middle of nowhere with not much campus life. I feel conflicted as to which one to choose. I feel like both are amazing options and it seems to me the question comes down to whether I prioritize academic reputation/prestige over student life or vice versa.  If you guys could give me some insight into what it’s like at Berkeley, that would be wonderful. Also, I acknowledge that I could be wrong with my assumptions regarding Berkeley, so please correct me if I am wrong. Thanks!
673	1	What schools did you choose Berkeley over?  I saw this question posed in the UCLA reddit and found a lot of the responses interesting. What schools did you choose Berkeley over, and why?
417	2	journalism grad school tips/opinions?  over the past few days i’ve heard back from all the grad programs i applied to and have narrowed down my options to my top two- columbia and uc berkeley. i’m having a really hard time deciding though so if anyone is willing to share their experiences as a berkeley student, apt hunting tips, opinion on the program, or anything that would make this choice easier i’d be v grateful 🤎
299	2	How is Data Science major if I am interested in phd in Machine Learning/Computer Vision/Natural Language Processing?  I've heard DS major has their own intro to AI/ML classes but does the major also offer advanced ML/CV/NLP classes or is there advantage for DS major when it comes to registering for these classes?
726	1	Opting out of donation phone calls and mail?  Apologies if this is a common question, but I couldn't find an answer when searching. Maybe I'm spitting into the wind, but I don't want to receive any more mail or phone calls from Berkeley trying to get me to donate. I came for a PhD program and dropped out. I am so sick and tired of getting these, and they bring up a lot of shame, and I literally want Berkeley to just forget my mailing address and phone number. Is there ANY WAY to opt out?
199	2	what cs classes in fall 2022 can i try get in as rising undeclared junior if i phase 1 and be on waitlist  rising junior 12:00 on the 25th is it possible for me to get into 186 since its only online? what about 168?
510	1	How's life at UCB?  I want the answers to be realistic and detailed. Thank you :)
39	1	Cal Aquatics  I guess the golden bears belong in the water. It’s crazy, this year not only did our mens water polo team win the NCAA national championship, but just yesterday our mens swim and dive won the natty as well. Proud to be a bear! 🐻
206	2	Dumb Question: can I live off campus comfortably without owning a car?  Is a bike enough @ Berkeley, or is a car helpful? How’s parking? Safety? Will my e bike get stolen lol?
530	2	Stat20 clobber policy?  Does Stat20 have a midterm clobber policy (for spring 2022)? Did it have one in the past? Thanks in advance.
943	2	2022-2023 On-Campus Housing Offers?  Has anyone heard from the housing office yet about 2022-2023 offers? Iirc, round 1 was supposed to come out today and I'm stressed because I can't tell my landlord if I want to renew my current lease until I find out if I got an offer. Thank you in advance!
446	4	Feeling discouraged/stressed/depressed, etc. for March 24th  Disclaimer: This is a somewhat long read, look at the TLDR on the bottom if you don’t want to read it all. But, yes, I know everyone has gone through these same feelings, and yes, I know I’m not alone in feeling these feelings. No, I’m not asking for sympathy or any special treatment; only advice, but that’s it. The reason I’m writing this is for myself really, to write out and express my feelings instead of bottling them up. To somehow pose a manifestation maybe. Well here it goes. So basically, I was accepted to Berkeley in March of 2020 (yes, that long ago), but due to personal reasons (my family losing their house, my dad having a serious stroke, I had to stay back to help support them financially and emotionally, trickle that in with COVID and my own mental health issues, I was going through a lot), so I had withdrawn for that semester to continue in the spring. Or so I thought. In the spring, I was told I could apply for readmission, so I did. And waited all summer, just to find out in late August of 2021 that my admission was cancelled in August of 2020. So due to miscommunication and misunderstanding (on my part mainly), I fumbled my admission and I had wasted two years of my academic life. (You can see through my post history that this seriously has been a really tough situation for me.) I went ahead and reapplied in December because my mind had been fixated on Berkeley since I was accepted back in March of 2020, and there was no changing it. I had also applied to other UC schools, but that was it. I didn’t apply to any Maryland schools, where I’m originally from (a seriously foolish decision on my part). And then I waited for decisions. Flash forward to this past Friday where UC Irvine, San Diego, and Los Angeles decisions were released. And let’s just say the start of the discouragement kicked in. Waitlisted at Irvine and not accepted at the other two. Which seriously scares me in terms of Berkeley and makes me second guess myself and my achievements. I’m nervous that they looked at my senior year grades (2019-20) for the reason they didn’t accept me, which were awful, I’ll admit. Though, they were no case of senioritis, I was going through a lot (again), and I explained that thoroughly in my application. But, I guess that explanation wasn’t enough. I guess my freshman, sophomore, and junior year grades, extracurriculars, essays, AP scores, recommendations, and accomplishments during my 2-year gap weren’t enough. And to me, I think I’ve done a LOT in my life to overshadow that one bad year in my life, which really were just a bad 5 months (January-May 2020). I feel like there’s a lot in my application to make me stand out, but I’m just super nervous they’re going to hold my senior year grades against me. I’m even more scared if I don’t get in because then I just wasted another academic year. And I know not getting into Berkeley is not the end of the world, but it really puts a dent on everything for me.  I was told to have faith that if they accepted me once, they’ll accept me again, and I want to hold true to that. The only thing that would’ve changed since I was first admitted is my poor second semester senior year grades (which I throughly explained) and my 2 year gap (in which I tutored 2 students for over a year, college mentored a student for over a year, became an organizer for an AOC program and co-designed an Earth Day event that AOC attended, and co-designed a Summer Program, got a job at Starbucks, and more; all the while taking care of my family). I mean to me, that’s A LOT for a gap year during a pandemic with my ongoing family issues. I don’t know what other colleges expect out of me, to find a cure for cancer? To go viral on TikTok? I wish I could go back and not have all my personal issues I did my senior year. I wish I had teachers and administration who cared about my personal issues and would let me make up my assignments then. Oh, I wish I could change all of that, so they don’t think I’m a slacker or an unproductive student. But alas, I can’t. All I can do is try to make up for it, in which I believe I have. I hope my persistence these past two years in attending Berkeley attests to my admission chances and doesn’t deteriorate it. Maybe those other UC schools know I’m getting into Berkeley, so they denied me 😭. I’m trying my best to remain hopeful, though I’m losing hope by the day. I’ve tried my best to channel my emotions into other formats; albeit, this post, songwriting, hanging with friends and family, etc. But I feel like I’m on the verge of breaking, and I don’t want that. Plus, Berkeley has to cut student admissions by 2,629 students?! I could easily be one of those 2,629, which is all the more reason for me to stress, sigh. So this is the part where I ask for any and all advice. I’m aware no one can change my admission decisions, and that’s not what I’m asking for. But what’s the best way for me to alleviate this stress/discouragement? If I have my mind set on California for this upcoming fall, is there still anything I can do about that? Anything helps really. My DMs are also open for advice/suggestions. I truly thank you for reading this, even if you skimmed. It’s a lot, I know, but it feels good to write it out. And I also hope it doesn’t come across as if I’m “bragging” about my accomplishments during my gap year, that wasn’t the point of that section. It was my way of validating myself and giving myself hope that maybe Berkeley will overlook my senior year grades due to those achievements. That was the goal of the inclusion of that. Anyways, I hope and pray that I get accepted to Berkeley this Thursday, and at the very least waitlisted. A flat out rejection will absolutely crush me. Unfortunately, I’ll have no time to be sad because I have to tutor and work that day, yay me! 😃😭 But, thank you again, truly. Maybe one day, we can be friends and have lunch at Eureka! 😭😭😭 TLDR: I was accepted at Berkeley in March 2020, went through a long process for a year and a half with Berkeley, just to find out I screwed up my admission. Reapplied to Berkeley and 3 other UCs in December 2021. Was waitlisted at 1, denied at the other 2. I’m nervous they didn’t accept me due to my senior year grades (which were poor due to personal issues, which were explained in the application), and I’m scared Berkeley will do the same despite the rest of my resounding application that includes some pretty unique gap year accomplishments. I ask for any advice in dealing with this stress and discouragement I feel as I know that no one in here can change the outcome of my admission decision. (Read everything for a more clearer picture.)
482	1	c/o 1894, Morgan also designed parts of Hearst Castle and Berkeley’s campus!
525	2	yellow graduation cords?  who should wear a yellow graduation cord at graduation? is it specifically for people graduating with honors or is it for anyone? if it is specifically for people graduating with honors, should the number of cords worn match the level of honors, as it does at some schools? (i.e. 1 for distinction, 2 for high distinction, 3 for highest distinction in line with 1 for cum laude, 2 for magna cum laude, 3 for summa cum laude). just want to be sure i am wearing the appropriate regalia etc!
768	1	CZ can’t be that bad, right?
635	2	Issues with FAFSA website  So I know I already missed the state deadline but I want to try to input FAFSA anyways. However I cannot log in. It keeps showing “an unknown error has occurred. Please try again later or close all browser windows and start over.” I also tried on the my student aid app.
267	2	How bad is the competitiveness and grade deflation for non-stem majors???  I got in today!! Yayyyy! I also was considering UCSC and stuff but what scares me about Berkeley is the grade deflation and overall cut-throat environment of the school. But I've only heard that from stem majors. Does anyone know what it's like for arts/ humanities majors??
370	2	Grad or Law School or Work  I’m a junior and I’m majoring in Psychology. I can not decide for the life of me if I wanna go to Grad School, Law School, or work after college. I know it has a lot to do with what I want to do in life. If you’ve had this decision, how did you go about making it? What questions did you ask yourself? What type of things did you put into perspective? I know age isn’t an important factor, but I graduate at 22 if that helps. I’m not looking for an answer to my decision, just opinions of people who’ve been in my position.
915	1	College Town | No Mercy / No Malice
678	2	Does the Data Science minor matter?  I'm a sophomore taking 5 classes rn, one of them being CS 88 (similar to 61A) which I'm planning to use for the data science minor. Combined with clubs, internship recruiting, and other commitments, I'm not sure whether I should p/np the class or drop it then retake it. Taking it for a letter grade is out of the picture as I've already missed a lot of lecture self checks (like vitamins in other classes) and am way behind in terms of the concepts compared to the rest of my peers (I can barely do simple problems on my own). The reason I am even taking this class is for the data science minor which I assumed was helpful as I see a lot of people doing it, but then I found out the minor isn't even mentioned on the degree, only the transcript. Will the data science minor even help at all for career paths such as investment banking and consulting? Would y'all recommend I do the minor by dropping cs 88 and retaking it or just p/nping so I can get the knowledge without it affecting my GPA? I'm also going to have to use a late drop if I end up dropping it so please take that into consideration. Any advice would be greatly appreciated.
837	1	Winter Anime Girl
967	1	wifi password?  for ucla\_res\_iot
559	1	OSKI gets featured in the recent NCAA march madness Mariott ad
842	2	how much time do upperdiv ee class psets take?  i ask since y'all have mandatory 3 hr lab, hefty projects..  i literally can't imagine taking a class that's like cs70 but there's an added 10 hrs a week from project, and then imagine taking two ee classes if it's like that *shudders from fear
568	2	Is there any pros to having a really high GPA in CS if you're not doing Grad School?  As much as I like to tell myself that I just need to graduate with a decent GPA, I often find myself putting in extra work for a higher grade even if I feel stressed out or don't need a higher grade and whenever I slack off a bit on things in order to relax, I feel the need to go on a huge grind even if I'm still on top of where I need to be. It's not like I'm even interested in doing grad school and just want to go straight to industry.
293	2	Waitlist (Spring Grades)  Hey there everyone! I applied for EECS major and got waitlisted for fall 2022:( The waitlist opt in form shows 3 sections for entering grades (Fall, Winter, & Spring). Is it okay if I don’t fill in anything for the spring section as the deadline for the form is April 15th and I won’t have a grade for my 3rd semester (April-June) in school by then. Is it okay if I just report my winter and fall semester grades?  Please help me out! Thank you so much:)
878	1	Getting stoned and heading to the baseball game to eat some glizzys
109	2	Does UC Berkeley send out a physical acceptance letter/package to admitted students?  Title
148	2	Math 202A preparation with Rudin?  Hi guys, I'm taking math 104 right now and doing well, but we are using Ross, which I have heard is considerably easier than Rudin.  I am interested in taking 202A with Rieffel in the fall and have heard that it is not really doable w/o Rudin's topology.  Would it be sufficient to review the topology sections in Rudin over the summer?
99	1	Protest for what?  Nothing has been officially announced duh If you are gonna protest, protest for budget instead of protesting for “grandfather clause” because budget issue is real and the department has to do something to at least save eecs and cs intended. Grandfathering until class of 2026 will definitely NOT help alleviate the budget crisis
381	2	We need to strike.  For more housing, for more classes, for more student support.  More financial aid.
345	2	How long does housing take to get back to you?  I got accepted on exchange for summer session A and submitted my application just now for housing, how long can I expect them to take to get back to me? And will I get anything do you think?
134	2	Scared of my courses 😬😬  Hey guys! Got accepted to L&S. I put AP stats on my course list for senior year. Ended up dropping it after I just genuinely hated the course and got a C (counted as Advanced Statistics). Just to give you some context, my course list is pretty rigorous with HL and SL Stem courses. I’m willing to major in Philosophy. Do you think this course change will negatively impact my decision.
544	1	tipping nail techs  how much do yall tip ur nail techs??.
244	2	Heard CS Department is Considering To Remove EECS 16B Requirement  Heard from multiple friends, who apparently chatted with the CS committee members, that they have been considering removing EECS 16B as a requirement altogether. Perhaps to redirect funding and help with the CS ban crisis right now? Is this true? Can anyone confirm if a decision has been made already?    Apparently since all students try to avoid it like the plague it has caused massive enrollment issues, and some faculty are starting to agree since the ratings are super low and most students never use the content again in their lives. Is this true as well?
135	2	Switching from MEng to CS or EECS?  HI. Just another stupid question from an incoming baby bear! So i just got into the college of engineering at Berkeley, but recently i was more into sort of the meta verse industry and really contemplating to switch my major from engineering to cs, which is in the college of letters and science. Is that possible as soon as i get into campus? Or does it require a lot more process than that.
590	4	Stay Safe Out There  This happened to me yesterday but this might have been the same person as [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/berkeley/comments/tfmjyx/i_think_some_guy_tried_to_steal_my_watch/) At about 4:30 yesterday I was taking the bus home when someone sat a little too close to me. I tried shifting around to avoid touching him but there wasn't room and he started talking to me. I thought it was just small talk and didn't pay much attention. He put his hand on top of mine; I felt uncomfortable but I didn't want to be rude since it might have been normal for his culture. He first asked me if I liked middle easterns then asked where I'm from. He then talked about how he lived in Berkeley for 24 years and has a house in the middle east and one in Berkeley. He then went on about how great he was at massages. I was quite uncomfortable but I was near my stop and was ready to get off. When I got off, he followed me. When we got off he kept trying to talk to me and the bus driver honked at him since he had a bike in the front. I tried to get away from him but I was at a crosswalk waiting for the signal. While waiting, he asked if I wanted a massage and I said no. I quickly crossed but again he followed and again I was waiting for the crosswalk signal. He then asked how big my penis was and I tried ignoring him. Once the signal turned green I was really uncomfortable and was walking away as fast as I could. He asked me a couple times if I wanted to go somewhere with him. I kept saying no then he said he would give me $200 if I showed him my penis. I kept saying no until he finally stopped following me. I'm grateful that nothing terrible happened to me and I hope I can be more assertive in the future. I should have told him to fuck off a lot sooner.
158	2	I’m deciding between UC Berkeley and UCLA, but is one better than the other when it comes to premed?
459	1	In need of a roommate for next year!  19 year old female freshman looking for a female identifying student to share a room with me for the next school year. Rent will be around $700-$900. There is in-unit laundry and wood floors as well :) It is a very nice place and about a 10 minute walk from campus. Please dm me for more information!
368	3	I strongly support cs department's prioritize EECS and CS-intended in cs70 enrollment. It is the only thing the department could do.  Change CS admission to UW/UIUC style -> Never gonna be approved by L&S Ask for more funding -> Ignored. Charge additional fee for cs majors -> Students will resist FIERCELY (I will too. I don't want to pay more tuition because of the cheaters) Now the department finally found a way! Give us more money or we can't teach more students. What will L&S do? Nothing. They can't do anything. Will the students protest? Maybe. But you should know that there are quite a lot of EECS or L&S CS or L&S CS-intended people who approve this decision by the department. It's not like everyone is against the idea. Quite a lot of people like me strongly support the department's decision.  You will say I am selfish and yes I am hella selfish. But so do you. You're asking for grandfathering bullsh\*t cause you are selfish. You make up all kinds of reasons like you didn't know when you are applying blahblahblah while this issue of overcrowding has been around for at least 5 years now. You should know that by gaming the system, by applying to "easy" majors only to declare cs, you took your chances. And you lost. You lost the bet. Suck it up. Now you are begging for grandfathering cause you want to be the last one who gamed the system. No, it will not work that way. Berkeley should teach cheaters like you a lesson. A lesson that gaming the system could be a very risky bet. You say L&S is all about discovering your true interest. If you really believe so, you would not be asking for gradnfathering or changing CS admission to UW style but you will be asking for more funding to the department. Let's be honest here. You won't care as long as you are the last one who could cheat. Sorry the world does not work that way. Finally, justice has been served. At least I transferred as L&S CS, got in with 5\~6% acceptance rate. Hope you learned a valuable lesson here.
838	2	When does second round housing come out?  I’m nervous I won’t get an offer :( looking for housing is so stressful around here. How far apart does each round come out approximately? To the people who did get an offer this time around, so u have to accept/decline by a certain day?
884	2	CS70 Hw Option  So I’ve already had 3 bad hw grades so I’ve used up the hw drops and I scored -1 SD on the midterm and I’m not sure if I should continue with the homeworks or go with the no hw option. Does anyone have any suggestions? In my current situation which would result in a better grade and would it be significantly better or just a bit??
366	1	Lol date?  Uhh tbh I’m just looking for someone (particularly a girl) to date😅 I made a post about this before but uhh it wasn’t successful so yeah, just trying a second time haha. I’m a second year.
405	2	Switching EECS with Priority Enrollment  So I was admitted to CoE as a Material Science major for fall 2022, however, I am also a part of the SEED Honors Scholars Program which grants me priority enrollment to all classes starting from the 2nd semester. Now will this effect my prospects of switching into EECS (particularly in light of the recent CS70 backdoor cut-down).
946	1	the marias oakland 3/11  EDIT: sold! i have 2 tix to the marias at the fox theater in oak tmr night GA floor if anyone wants!! $20 each i just wanna get them off my hands!
425	1	South Berkeley Black churches are building affordable housing on their properties
927	3	LOST MY 16B CAR PLS HELP  So this is gonna sound really dumb but I left our 16B car in a room and it doesn't have our names on it lol. Like every other 16B car, it's a 3-wheeled wired mess with a breadboard and a couple motors, but as a distinguishing feature it has some whiteish zip ties on the back to hold the motor wires down. It was in a mid-sized Amazon box along with the kit and was last seen Monday in Cory 367. If you have seen it please pm or comment, I'll love you forever! <3 If you haven’t seen it pls share this with your ee/cs friends so two fellow bears don’t have to rebuild their cursed 16b car :(
911	1	snackpass discord ? slack ?  random idea but is there a snackpass discord or gc of any kind? since lots of places have parties for discounts, it might be convenient if there's a centralized platform where people can send party links and anyone interested can join;; could help with saving time from finding friends to join + friends might not want food at the time as you etc thoughts?
865	2	Data 8 midterm  How did the midterm go? I literally went to every lecture, did pretty well on the homeworks and labs, but still felt like I didn’t do well :((
941	2	Math 110?  For those who've taken it, how is it compared to 54? Is the class useful or is 54 enough? Is it difficult? Ty :)
50	2	Berkeley L&S vs. CMU SCS  Likely to have a gov-sponsored full-ride at either school, so cost isn't a factor. Neither is weather, I've experienced both climates and don't really have a preference. I'm mostly worried about CMU's stress culture - I don't want a boring undergrad experience. On the other hand, CS at L&S seems pretty bad with getting the required classes. I've heard horror stories about people going into 5/6th years just because they couldn't get the classes they need.
343	2	Do we have any Master of analytics Fall 2022 admitted candidates here please?
186	1	UC BERKELEY dorms  So, my girlfriend is going to be doing summer school this year at UC Berkeley, staying in a dorm. I'm thinking of visiting her for about 3 weeks and staying with her. How likely would it be for me to get caught ?? Also, what's the longest I can live there according to their rules?
815	2	Business  I want to strengthen the business-side of my resume for my Haas application but am not entirely sure if there is something I can do aside from internships, consulting clubs, etc. unlike for CS you can do a personal project (I mean I guess you can start a business but that seems way more tough than a project lol) Any suggestions?
784	2	How to Research  I recently got an offer at one of the labs in BAIR under a PhD student. Aside for showing effort and dedication, is there anything I should do to convince him or her to take me as an intern for the upcoming semesters as well? Also, is it weird if I ask for access to the Way West building as a study space, or some other reason?
529	1	Meeting new friends!  Hi, I am an exchange student from Singapore arriving this May. Was hoping to meet some new friends and get to know the area better!
184	2	Berkeley L&S vs. UCLA L&S + Regents for CS-intended  These are the top two schools I've been admitted to at the moment. **Berkeley:** |Pros:|Cons:| |:-|:-| |Could double major in CS + Physics/Stats/Applied Math (interested in semiconductors and ML)|Didn't select CS on freshman application, uncertain about ability to declare| |If I am able to declare, I'm confident in my CS/quantitative and performing-at-the-top abilities|Not sure how B.A. in CS would be viewed by employers compared to B.S.| |Stronger name brand on the East Coast|Don't have priority enrollment/Regents, and with the current situation in L&S CS, I feel like it's going to be extremely hard to get the classes I want\*| |Probably better for people with a lot of ambition|Bad for my interpersonal development and soft skills (lots of non-Haas/athletes go in socially awkward and come out that way, think EECS students not taking showers)| |Like the trees/nature-y vibes of the campus|Dangerous and run-down surrounding areas| |Very big name brand in tech, essentially the only school comparable to Stanford/MIT|From what I've observed (have been to Berkeley's campus \~30 times in the past), a lot of the people look dead on the inside and isolate themselves from others| |Very familiar with the school because I was admitted under February early notification (top 8% of entering class) and have been researching it for the last 1.5 months|Too many people from my HS go to Berkeley, and hyper-competitive environment would feel like an extension of HS| |Good extracurricular opportunities|Ranked lower than UCLA on USNWR and ranking might keep decreasing if student satisfaction goes down/Berkeley unsuccessfully tries to game the rankings like it did in 2019| |Honestly a pretty big fan of NorCal weather|| ​ **UCLA:** |Pros:|Cons:| |:-|:-| |Assuming I get Regents (currently have invitation which top \~1.5% of entering class gets), I get priority enrollment|Slightly weaker name brand on East Coast relative to Michigan/Virginia (Berkeley probably wouldn't have this problem right now, but in a few years, it might be different)\*\*| |Better for my interpersonal development, nicer people from what I've heard|One tier below Berkeley/Stanford/MIT/CMU in tech, but I'm not sure this would make a substantial difference (Berkeley's SV ties are not Stanford's)| |Better quality of life (surrounding areas and beautiful campus) and food (saw a post on here where a student got norovirus before his midterms)|Would have to transfer to CoE to do CS (3.5 bar is slightly higher than Berkeley L&S's 3.3 bar, but given how I've performed in HS I don't think this will be a problem)| |Still interested in the L&S Ling + CS major (especially for NLP research), which could be viewed as "interesting" for employers as long as I have the necessary CS skills and am able to justify the "linguistics" part (from what I've read on r/cscareerquestions)|Once again, not sure how Ling + CS B.A. would be viewed compared to CS B.S. | |CS isn't impacted like it is at Berkeley, also potentially better for grad school/master's because although there is grade deflation, it isn't nearly as bad as Berkeley's (now, if I was doing MCB or something, I wouldn't choose either school)|Can't double major if I transfer to CoE CS| |Never been to UCLA's campus, would be a refreshing change from NorCal|Weather a little too hot...? But UCLA is close to the ocean so I think there's a nice breeze there| |Ranked higher on USNWR and ranking seems to be going up because it's the quintessential one-size-fits-all school (basically the most desirable school in CA other than Stanford), may affect how Gen. Z perceives the difference in the schools|| |Overall peer quality seems better (nearly everyone who got into UCLA from my HS also got into Berkeley, but not the other way around)|| \*An alum I talked to said that while she was at Berkeley, she would go up to professors with flowers and chocolate and beg them to let her into the classes she wanted \*\*I'm planning to stay on the West Coast anyways (hopefully to work in Seattle), and Stanford/Berkeley/UCLA/Caltech are viewed as the best schools here (although it's good to keep my options open if I want to live on the East Coast)
642	1	how to get to Davis?? help!  would u recommend: * berk/davis shuttle that is $15.82  * take an AC transit bus all the way there which would technically be "free" since i am a Berkeley student???? * any other ideas?
478	2	I can't commit to Berkeley?  Hello! So I got accepted last year but then took a gap year. This year I was readmitted, and at first I still had a few tasks to do(including accepting my offer), but today, when i wanted to accept my offer, for some reason it's gone. (it also used to have a 'congrats' message from the vice chancellor of berkeley or smth like that On the top left corner, right above the COVID message). I'm not sure if that means they took back my decision or something... What can I do?  Thank you so much! https://preview.redd.it/pur63tkbpco81.png?width=802&format=png&auto=webp&s=f107c9dd1bcfa7e0d50da9d8418d7794585d5eeb
338	1	Tuition  How much of our tuition (oos/international) is spent on ambiguous “administrative fees”
254	1	who else has a ton of deadlines next week and isn’t finding break refreshing at all lol
817	2	Math55  Is anyone else quite failing every mini quiz and did bad for the last midterm? The second midterm is gonna decide whether I drop this class or not…
285	2	Physics question  How do upper division physics courses compare to lower division? Are they easier to get a good grade in? Are they more demanding?
677	2	Does the OCF offer color printing?  Title. If no, then where can I print in color? (for free or for relativy low cost)
777	1	Happy National Sleep Awareness Week!  Sleeping soundly should come easy after a hard day at school. But, for many, nighttime slumber is disrupted by thoughts of a "to-do" list, worries about school workload, or interruptions from roommates, street noise, phone, etc. One-third of all American adults experience an occasional or persistent sleep disturbance known as insomnia. According to modest estimates, at least 20-30 million Americans suffer from insomnia. **To improve the quality of your sleep, try these slumber-friendly techniques:** * **Stick to a sleep schedule** \- Go to bed and wake up at the same time every night and day, including weekends. * **Wind down to sleep** \- Develop a relaxing, nightly wind-down routine such as reading, listening to music, light stretching, deep breathing, or taking a bath. * **Create a restful environment -** Create an environment conducive to sleep -- quiet, dark, comfortable. * **Separate work from bed** \- Do not use bedtime to do work. * **Include physical activity in your daily routine** \- Get regular exercise during the day. * **Avoid stimulants** \- Avoid caffeine or nicotine several hours before bedtime. * **Pay attention to what you eat and drink** \- Do not over- or under-eat before bedtime. * **Avoid alcohol-** Do not consume alcohol before bedtime (it can lead to disrupted sleep). * **Limit daytime naps -** Avoid naps unless you have no problem sleeping at night. * **Check your medication -** Ask your physician if any of your prescribed medication causes sleep disruption. * **Mindfulness -** Try relaxing each muscle from your toes to your head or think of a repetitive mental routine such as counting sheep! * **Remove the pressure -** If you cannot get to sleep, try doing something relaxing. If, after one to two weeks, you do not see improvement, consult your doctor. Your physician can explore physical or emotional causes and prescribe treatment accordingly to alleviate your sleeplessness.
829	2	How to pick cs70 non-hw option?  Okay I’m stupid. Where exactly do I find the form for the Cs70 hw option? Couldn’t find it on the website or piazza
550	2	Berkeley MS in Ai rejection. Hey, today I got rejected by Berkeley. I am an international student that won the Fulbright Scholarship for post graduate programs in the USA. I feel a little disappointed as Berkeley was my top choice and dream university.  I think that my application case is quite strong and having a Fulbright scholarship increased my chances of getting in but I got rejected straightforward without any feedback. I have already accepted it but do you know what could be the cause of rejecton? I have heard that Berkeley is more likely to accept international students but it did not work with me
875	3	Need friends lmao  I’m literally desperate and idc I need friends this is my second semester here and I haven’t met a single person. I’m f(26) working on my undergrad in psych & data science. I need friends to go out and explore with. I love art & music playing video games thrifting going to concerts festivals I love a good dive bar I like to hike also and just be in nature also can indulge in reality tv I’m down to do anything really someone pls my friend. - Btw didn’t think I had to add this but I’m searching for platonic girl friendships not trying to be harassed by horny guys look for a hookup  Add me on Instagram I’ll respond faster there @whiskeysantiana :)
824	1	Snackpass friend stamp drama  anyone encounter this in their friend group like me? lmfao
982	2	Any easy Upperdivs still open?  any input is appreciated! Thx
179	2	How much is it for total cost including cost for dormimg as a freshmen, the portal just states one price at 40k but doesn’t say what it exactly includes.
749	2	Academic Rank  Is there a way to see your academic rank in Cal central? I’m applying for a summer research position at a different institution and it requires your academic rank.
226	2	Course Catalog Release Date?  Anyone know when the Course Catalog coming out for next semester
928	2	Not sure what to take next semester  I’ve taken 61a, math 53, 16a. currently taking 61b, 70. I’ve finished all my breadths except physics 7b, and i’d like to take 3 techs because the last couple semesters were pretty light for me. I’m thinking 61c, 170, 188. Thoughts?
0	1	[#30] Back to.. Zoom..? Have a question about waitlists, classes, grades, or housing? Have a simple question that needs answering? Ask here!  [Previous thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/berkeley/comments/pad3m1/29_welcome_to_campus_for_the_first_time_freshmen/) If your question did not get answered in the previous thread(s), feel free to ask it again.
633	2	Is there really no parking options for someone frequently in Berkeley who doesn’t live here?  My SO lives in SF and I live in Berkeley. I don’t have a car so they often have their car in Berkeley, maybe about half of the week. Most streets here either are limited certain hours of the day or require a residential parking permit. Is there really no way for them to park near my apartment without having to move the car twice a day or hope they don’t get a ticket?? It’s even more ridiculous because I live in Berkeley and should deserve a parking pass, but I can’t get one because I don’t have a car.
357	2	Berkeley Graduate Fellowships  Does anybody know when prospective graduate students are notified of receiving a fellowship (ie. Graduate Fellowship) if they receive one? Is it immediately with their offer letter or later on? I'd really appreciate if a recipient could share their experience. For context, I was admitted into the chemistry PhD program.
257	1	I finally confessed my who my long time crush was to my roommate and then he goes and asks her out. Fuck cs 70 and fuck him  Why can’t cs majors just catch a break in SOMETHING for ONCE Edit : ooop she rejected him, idk if I’m evil for this but I’m smiling again :)) thanks for the love y’all
223	1	WELCOME BABY BEARS 🐻💙💛💙💛
493	1	Those who went to Berkeley, did you do a sport in highschool? Jv or Varsity?   [View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/tidhr3)
537	1	Any SCYF MSW admits for fall here?
410	2	Concurrent Enrollment  If I want to take a summer class at a community college that does not overlap with the Berkeley school year, I don’t need to get a approval from an L&S advisor, right? Thanks!
695	3	Just got the lowest score on my data 8 midterm! Woooooo  It has been an honor and a privilege being this unfocused and stressed. I honestly couldn’t have underperformed to this extent without the help of my ADHD and anxiety. Shout out to you guys. I’d like to thank my GSI for not giving me .5 seconds to think about a question before I answer and then answering for me because I’m taking too long to think. I’d like to thank the long waiting list to get me properly evaluated. And I’d like to thank Berkeley for its uber competitive environment that I have never experienced until I got here. It’s been a wild ride. I love you all! 🥳🤩
69	2	Help a newly admitted bear out!!  Hi. I was recently admitted to Berkeley for economics as an international and this is my first post on this sub. I really like Berkeley and California in general, yet I have some doubts based on what I heard about the UC system so far. My counselor and teachers told me that Berkeley may not be the best choice as it is very crowded and resources are limited, which is an important factor considering I would be paying the high international fee to attend. What do you guys think about it? Edit: For reference, I don’t care that much about professor availability, but I am interested in using the university resources to the fullest.
972	3	found bcard  hi martin, if you lost your bruincard near powell, it's now at the powell front desk :)
906	2	Math 16b tutor  desperately looking for a math 16b tutor before my midterm next week plz dm me I need a lot of help
6	2	Getting new laptop, any recommendations for someone in L&S and intending Haas?  Hi everyone! I am going to be a freshman in the fall and my MacBook is ready for an upgrade. Do you have any recommendations for any new devices to buy that would be compatible for someone taking courses in L&S and hopefully Haas? I need something that will last me all four years (and if there are any student discounts pls lmk). At other colleges, I heard that it is preferred to use a Microsoft device because of Microsoft Office so I was wondering if there were any preferences within L&S and Haas. Also, some people on this subreddit have talked about preferring an iPad + Apple Pen instead of just a regular MacBook. Could anyone help me out on this?
660	2	Berkeley put everyone in flex dollar debt :/  Update: Looks like they fixed flex dollar balances! I still think it’s ridiculous we have to use flex dollars over spring break but it is what it is.  So on March 13th, students with a meal plan had their flex dollar balances reset back to the cap (ie, if your meal plan gave you $300 per semester, your balance was now $300 again). This was first noticed on the Berkeley subreddit [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/berkeley/comments/tdrd3s/300_extra_flex_dollars/). Now, at first, I thought this might be assistance from the university for students, considering that (for reasons I still don't understand) we have to use flex dollars over spring break. But then I remembered that UC Berkeley would never do anything so generous, and sure enough, the flex dollars were [removed from accounts today](https://imgur.com/6VWCcIG). Now, obviously, if the university made a mistake, then I don't really care if they take their money back. Just chalk it up to someone pushing the wrong button, have a laugh, whatever. Here's the thing, though: if you spent *any* flex dollars between the adding and removal of these flex dollars, you are now in **flex dollar debt**. [Seriously, go check for yourself](https://imgur.com/ftppvcn). All in all, I think this is actually pretty funny, but it definitely needs to be fixed in the next few days. I think balances should just be rolled back to before the extra money was added (or just give us the bonus flex dollars back 🥺).
666	2	Quantum Classes?  Hey fellow bears! I'm looking for advice on what course to take if I want to learn quantum mechanics.  So far, it looks like physics 7C and physics 137A are my choices, but I was wondering if there is a course in the chem department that covers quantum as well? Would chem 130B be my best bet? I can't seem to find anything about the course online, but the instructors in 130 seemed to allude to quantum being covered in B.  I've taken physics 7A and 7B and (like I said) chem 130. Does anyone know if I need to take 7C/5C before 137A or can I just jump right in? I have a background in linear algebra and differential eqs, but haven't taken the actual courses since high school. Would I be totally screwed in 137A? I'm thinking of taking it this summer.  I'm also not a chem or physics major, so apologies if these are obvious answers for you all lol. Thanks!!! Edit: why is this getting downvoted :(
55	1	Recommendation: Hi-Fidelity or The Apothecarium?
700	1	Quality Shitpost
380	2	How to find someone to sublet to  I have a room in a house where the lease begins on June 1st, but I won’t be living there until August and so I need to find someone to sublet the room to. Any tips on how to find someone/where to post a listing?
350	2	How difficult is it to get into the Art Practice program?  I'm a sophomore and I've always wanted to get into the part practice major, does anyone know how hard it is to get into? I'm already taking undergraduate classes for the major requirements, but I'm wondering if the application process is difficult to get past. Does anyone know?
631	1	Selling 3 tickets for the Ruel concert in LA on 24th March  pm me for more details if you’re interested
62	2	Does EECS department limit Cs61a enrollment number for fall 2022?  Like from 1600 to 500 people?
215	2	Anyone whos taken/taking ENVECON 147 could explain to me the ESG game 😭..? Im so confused
534	2	Campus buildings/spaces open during Spring Break?  I'm particularly interested in supernode and OCF. Just wanna know if theyre open during break so I can print stuff and other things.
182	2	When are fall 2022 course schedules coming out?
487	2	Are lectures going to be recorded for summer 2022?  Im thinking of doing physics 7c (if it’s not cancelled). I could potentially commute but i’d rather not do it every single day. Any insights?? thanks :)
653	2	Financial Aid Package being reviewed bc of Over Award  Hello does anyone know what happens when your financial aid package says “not disbursed” under certain grants bc it’s bejnt reviewed for over award? I applied for an emergency grant from the Undocumented Student Profram here at Cal and got it and it showed up on my central yesterday but today i checked and now it says it’s being reviewed. I was originally gonna get 1400 but on cal central it says 2000. Maybe it’s bc of those extra 600 that showed up? I really hope it’s not rhe whole award.
742	1	What are you doing for spring break?   [View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/teap3m)
360	4	Justice for my friend  I don’t go to berkeley, but my good friend does and he is being affected by EECS funding crisis. He has told me all about it and is incredibly stressed that he won’t be able to declare. From what i’ve read it’s totally messed up. Take from the nerds and give to the jocks after they lied about their funding? Do better berkeley. Protest and send emails!! Justice for my friend!
876	2	Living in Panoramic Apartments  Does anyone currently or used to live in panoramic. I got a housing offer there for next year and I am unsure if I should accept it.
139	2	2nd half of reading and composition GE requirement course recommendations?  I am an incoming freshman, civil engineering major. I got a four on the AP Lang test so I don’t have the take the first half of the R&C requirement. I was thinking of taking the second half during my first fall semester. Any suggestions for easy classes or fun/good professors? For some reference I really enjoy history as well so any course including that is a plus. Thank you in advance.
708	3	Lost AirPod on R bus  Let me know which model / what ear it is and I'll get it back to you :)
451	2	MPP Question  Should I apply to the Public Policy program right after graduating, or work and hopefully gain experience and come back? They recommend the latter, I just want to know if anyone has some experience with this.
75	1	Aiden Wu is so cute  I’m talking about the guy from sig chi. Like bruh he can ruin my fucking life and I’d be glad he did. Dude is so mf fine no wonder he’s in Greek life you greek god lookin fine ass. Man he’s the most amazing human ever and I just want him to wrap his hands around me and choke me until I orgasm oh yeahhhh. I know this is not calfessions or any confession site but I don’t give a fuck lmao this is Reddit. Anyways BAEden uWU if ur reading this pls hit my line and slide in plz ;)
145	2	if you’ve taken mcb 102 over the summer can you pm me?  title^^^
419	2	Info 253AB  Have anyone taken it before? Is it an undergrad class? How’s the workload and everything?
699	1	Looking for Violinist, Violist, or Cellist for April 2nd Concert  Hi there! We're a group of musicians and recent Berkeley graduates looking for a string player to join us for an April 2nd house show. We'd be covering two songs by **godspeed you! black emperor**. We've got the sheet music. We know the tunes. It'll be a good time. Come and join!
706	1	With admission decisions coming out, I thought I would recreate what it feels like as a student applicant. All work is done by me via blender and photoshop
124	2	Summer Campus Housing Confusion  I applied for summer housing a while back but haven’t received a response. I’m actually pretty confused now. Are they not giving me an offer or maybe they haven’t sent out offers yet? Pls help
15	1	Can I cook food on the glade? (Or Hearst north field)  Like if I pull up a grill can I make some burgers? I think I saw some people make hotdogs on glade a bit back but I’m not sure.
883	2	22-23 on campus housing  Results are out, what did y’all get? I ended up in a residence hall lol kinda debating bc I don’t really want the meal plan and I want a kitchen
474	1	Any Bears still in Berkeley want to hang out?  Friends and roommates have gone home, it’s so quiet here already rip  I’m a junior Cogsci + design major, if anyone anyone wanted to get food or study on campus I’d be down  :o
630	1	Cal Commuters Discord  For commuter students to connect https://discord.gg/aRCpNCdS
412	2	how hard is it to transfer to the MET program Bioengineering + Business  title.
97	2	Question about Undeclared to EECS transition from a prospective student  Hello!  I recently was admitted to UC Berkeley (Fall 2022) to the School of Engineering as an Undeclared major. As of now, I am most leaning on concentrating in CS/EECS major if I choose to attend Berkeley. However, I am a bit confused on this process of declaring this major. Is there competition for getting into the major? What are the prerequisites?
973	1	Rain on Monday!  Okay but seriously forecast says it’s gonna rain, where are the dry areas on campus? Hope y’all r ready for spring quarter!
394	1	Charli XCX 3/26?  anyone else going to the fox and wanna come with?
497	1	A few points from Arthur Fery (Stanford) vs. Yuta Kikuchi (Cal)
127	2	To Commute or Not to Commute  My little bro just got accepted into UC Berkeley. Go Bears! Now that he's gotten in, the question of housing has come up.  The fam wants him to commute from home so that he can save some money on housing and so that he can enjoy home-cooked food every day. They also want him to be at home so that he stays in close contact with them and doesn't slip in school (opposite of what's happened to me lol). My bro doesn't rlly care either way; he's totally out of it now with senioritis and is just playing Elden Ring all day long. I'm mentioning that last bit in part so that you guys don't go all "your brother should be asking this question" lol. Gotta let the dude catch a break for once. So, I thought that I would ask on the Cal subreddit since you folks would probably know best. For context, we live in San Ramon, CA. Also, my little bro has his driving license. Depending on the conclusion, the parents could be down to get him a second-hand/used car. He would also be fine going on public transportation (BART, etc.). **What do you guys think about commuting to Cal from the San Ramon area?** Thanks in advance!
142	1	What are the regional receptions for admitted students? Is there dinner? What does the event consist of?  Title
151	2	Anyone here take MCB C100A with Professor Kuriyan?  Can you tell me more about the class? How hard it was, is the professor good? And some more?
869	1	Sad bear, applying to PhD programs with 3.0, no research, probably mediocre letters of rec.
209	2	Help: Admissions Question  So, I got admitted to Berkeley yesterday, and I'm super excited to commit. However, I am a little concerned about how strict the conditions of admissions are. In the first semester of senior year, I earned a 3.1 (UW)/3.7 (W) GPA and received Cs in two courses (AP Statistics and AP Gov.). These are above the conditions of admissions, yes, but they show a decline from my previous academic record. For context, throughout sophomore and junior year, I only earned 2 Bs in AP World, and the rest were As. I have some extenuating circumstances to explain these grades if needed, although they are not particularly immense. Should I be worried about being rescinded, or am I being dramatic, considering I met the conditions of admissions? Should I contact my admissions officer about this decline? Please let me know and try not to be too brutal about this dilemma; I'm already a little anxious lol. If anyone had a circumstance similar to mine and it all worked out for them, please share if you're comfortable.
613	2	16b midterm  Does anyone know when the scores will be released? Also shoutout course staff for making the homework due after break 🙏🙏🙏
307	1	Solution to the CS crisis  you guys are looking at this crisis and being like 😱😱😱😱😱 just force the uni to fund the eecs department more 😱😱😱😱 stop giving athletics so much 😱😱😴😴 but i have the best idea.  simply make graduated eecs & cs majors sign a binding agreement forcing them to donate to cal's eecs/cs department. that way the department receives independent funding from the $150k+ per year SWE salaries of thousands of cal cs grads ☺️☺️☺️ so graduating more cs majors means more money! 🤓💭💡 can't pay your post-grad CS tuition because you're going for your masters/PhD instead of working? making poverty wages?(<$100k/yr)  TOO BAD!! being poor in the bay area is a crime and you will pay for your transgressions.
454	2	Do professors reply to cold emails?  I am currently an undergrad for cs and want to pursue my own research and need a professor who can be a senior author for me.     Do you think it will work if I email a lot of professors in the area with my topic, resume, and papers that I have published previously?  or will they not even read it?     What my friends have suggested is that, since I am joining a lab next semester, I should get really close with the ph.d and the professor that I am working with and bring it up after when the project is done.    What do you suggest?
61	2	enrolling in summer classes  title \^ it's not giving me the options to enroll or join the waitlist. they will be session C (june 21 - aug 12) math n32 and session b (june 6 - aug 12) col writ r1a if that helps.
108	2	UC Berkeley (L&S CS) vs. UCSD (CS Direct Admit + Regents Scholar)   Hello guys! So in the next month, I am going to have to decide whether to go to UC Berkeley or UC San Diego as a CS major. I am weighing the options and would love some of your input. **UC Berkeley:** ***Pros:*** * **Location** (Located near the heart of Silicon Valley) * **Cost** (27k in aid, will cost around 7-9k to attend per year) (Can pay out of pocket from job) * **Prestige and Brand** (Top public school for Comp Sci) * I also know some people who go there, so it will be easier to transition **Cons:** * \***Biggest Con\*** I will not get direct admission into the CS major, but will have to declare after attaining a 3.3 GPA in 3 lower div courses. **(Admitted as Intended CS) (There are numerous problems with the department that are well-known in the interwebs)** * **Location** \- Has a very high cost of living and is not the safest area * I also am **not** a huge fan of the high-stress culture that Berkeley has * **Housing -** It is doggone difficult to find housing in Berkeley, and it is expensive ​ **UC San Diego:** **Pros:** * **Direct Admission into CS major** (Don't have to worry about CS declaration) * **Cost** (Regents Scholarship covered tuition, housing, and food - will only need around 2-3k to cover other expenses per year) * \*\*Regents Scholarship Benefits (\*\*Priority Enrollment, Access to Research During First Year, *4-Year Guaranteed Housing*) * **Prestige** (Although not cream of the crop like Berkeley, it is still one of the top CS schools in the country) **Cons:** * **Social life -** The school is notorious for not having a vibrant campus community, and students there have some misgivings about the university  * **Does not have as much of a brand name outside of California as Berkeley**
527	1	UC partners with Wiley to expand access to UC-authored articles
318	2	Are we supposed to apply for graduation or do we just graduate?  Dumb question, but I’m set to graduate this semester (Spring 2022). However when I was in community college, I had to apply to graduate. Do I still need to apply for graduation or do we just graduate? I have all my requirements done.
495	2	Single apartment or dorm?  Hi everyone at UC Berkeley I plan on coming by on exchange for the summer semester (session a) and I am looking at organizing my housing on campus. That being said I am considering a single apartment for myself for the 6 weeks but just want to get your guises opinion on this. Also, is the meal plan worth it? What meals do they offer as I am a vegetarian. Thank you!
825	2	Applying to UC Berkeley as a transfer.  I F(20) am currently finishing up my second year of community college. I graduated hs class of 2020 and went through some hardship during the pandemic. Although I am hardworking and perfectly capable of staying on top of my studies, it wasn’t a priority for me at the time. Unfortunately, I need to take another year or 2 of community college before I can transfer.  What are my chances of getting accepted as a transfer student with a Communications major? Berkeley is my top choice, I don’t want to get my hopes up.  TLDR: I want to apply to UC Berkeley as a transfer student, is there a good chance I can get in?
166	2	UC Berkeley (intending to be a business major at the Haas School of Business) v/s USC Marshall School of Business  Hi! I’m an international applicant who just got accepted to both these prestigious institutions. I’m torn deciding between the two. Please suggest the best option for a career in finance. (Cost isn’t a factor)
377	1	Lets play guess my major...  ​ https://preview.redd.it/g0v1dmk6a3p81.png?width=1856&format=png&auto=webp&s=c685fc07bf564a727fbd9131d0993021cd3df9b7
422	2	Maximum Number of Units over Summer?  Is there a maximum number of units that I can sign up for summer?
907	2	Stat 88 midterm  Holy shit I got completely destroyed why was that so much harder than the past ones
195	1	Just committed to Cal!  I just got off from work so I was never able to see my admission offer at 3PM PST and when I saw that acceptance letter I clicked accept admission offer so fast!! I AM LITERALLY CRYING RIGHT NOW AND I STILL CANT BELIEVE I GOT IN In the next few weeks I will be planning to look for housing options, let me know what advice you could give me as a freshman! Go Bears!!
924	2	Past econ 2 exams and 61A midterm  For anybody who took Econ 2 in the past do you have copies of your midterm 2 exam you can send them to me? The Romers are only going to give one practice exam and I’d like some more practice for it. Also for anybody who took 61A any tips on what I should bring on my cheat sheet + tips for studying?
948	2	Casa Zimbabwe  How is the Casa Zimbabwe culture? Is there a lot of noise from the partying or the nearby environment? Would it be a bad choice if I'm uncomfortable around drug usage? The house looks a bit old as well. I just received an assignment for it but I'm unsure about accepting the offer.
654	1	61a midterms are IQ tests  Change my mind
870	1	Selling a Billie Eilish Ticket SF March 29 Concert  Selling a ticket for Billie’s show in 2 weeks in SF. I have a few people interested but no one has secured it yet so do me if interested.
781	1	Sonic Fiber Internet  I recently got Sonic Fiber Internet, as the webpage showed it was available at my address. I'm not really knowledgeable with this stuff, but the instructions they sent with the modem said to plug in a phone cable into the DSL port (here's a pic of the instructions: https://ibb.co/XF5vGfp ) Anyone else got this set up? Is this really high speed fiber internet?
539	2	Are joint majors worth it  Are joint majors worth taking even though they’re not abet accredited?
652	3	Lost Bottle in Lewis 20  As the title says. It's a tall purple Thermoflask, and I believe I left it on the ground in Lewis 20. Please let me know if you've seen something like it, it would be much appreciated!
51	1	any Latinx student know good Mexican markets in Berkeley?  Looking in particular for a place to get masa preparada
321	3	English transfer applicant looking for some insight  Hi, I'm currently at a CCC awaiting an admission decision and have been stressing heavily. I was wondering if anyone here could share some insight on their application process or history prior to getting into Berkeley. I ended up with a 3.57 after having dealt with some pretty severe mental health struggles early in my college career. I dropped in and out a few times about 6 years ago with 3 B’s and 2 C’s and a semester of W’s that I have since gotten Academic Renewal for. I sought help and returned to school in fall of 2020 and have maintained a 3.93 ever since with 12 A’s and 1 B. I am involved in community service, I write for my school's newsletter, and work a part time job. I fear that my mistakes in the past may end up hurting my chances of getting in. I feel like I wrote really good essays and explained my situation well, but I tend to be rather pessimistic about getting in to such a good school. Has anyone else had a similar story or any insight into a situation like this? Edit: Clarified grades.
130	2	Advice for Stat 20?  Some background about me is that I have no prior knowledge in statistics and no coding experience as my high school did not offer AP stats and AP computer science. I am concerned about my performance in this class especially because it's a prereq for my major (applying to Haas). Any suggestions/advice on what I should do for preparation? Thanks!
954	1	my socks are wet  and now my feet are cold )):
268	2	If I was admitted into L&S and applied as a philosophy major, can I declare my major as CS right away when I'm on campus?
733	2	Housing  Hi guys, I didn't get a housing offer for the next school year and I need to find an apartment. Does anyone have any recommendations of what area I should look in? (just for reference there will probably be 4-5 of us in said apartment) Thanks guys :)
278	2	Math 55 + Math 110 workload during the summer?  I have read Friedberg before + I am studying Rosen right now. Would it be possible to get As or A+s on both classes during the summer? Average grade for Math 55 is B- and for Math 110, it is B and I am a bit worried...
612	2	Is it normal for property manager to do public viewing of apartments while the apartment is occupied  So my property manager sent out an email to us about the open house, but our apartment is occupied and there are people living in it. When I visited other apartments the landlords don’t show us the occupied apartments. So is public viewing on occupied apartments normal?
476	1	Any Beautiful location for Public gatherings/ mini wedding  Hi I'm looking for a place to publicly gather and have a quick 20person wedding around beautiful architecture something similar to Stanford chapel ( https://imgur.com/a/RGci64J ) is anything like this available in Berkeley?
196	2	Questions about being Admitted as a Nuclear Engineering  I got admitted as an undergrad Nuclear Engineer! and want some advice from berkeley nuclear engineers. I'm having doubts about it How badly is it restricting my job options after uni? Is it really as difficult to find a nuclear engineer job as I've read online? If I accept my offer to UCB how easy, would it be to change to another engineering major like Computer Engineering?
178	2	GPA Boosters  What are some good classes to take to boost your GPA?
326	2	What is going on with CS?  I'm seeing posts lately, and wanted a quick summary of the situation.
201	2	Study Abroad  I'm studying abroad in the fall, but I have no clue about anything because admin suck at communication. Does anyone know how I'd sign up for classes?
640	3	Deterioration of Mental Health  When does it stop?
401	1	Spanish Tutoring  Hello, I am a native Spanish speaker at UC Berkeley offering tutoring services for your Spanish literature classes and the 1-4 series.  I am a second year who has taken multiple Spanish literature classes (25, 104A, 111B) and can tutor you once or twice every week.   If you want to get on a zoom call to discuss my tutoring style, your needs as a student, or any other pertinent information you can drop me a line below on how I should contact you, PM me on Reddit or PM me on Discord: pickle\_andres#2829
960	2	first in person class at ucla!  any tips on lecture hall etiquette? where to sit, how early to show up, engagement etc… i’m nervous but also excited bc i heard class is the main place to make friends as well
291	2	Fall 2022 Housing  Hi everyone! My friend and I are looking for a 2 bed 1 bath apartment to rent starting in mid July-early August. Our combined budget is $2700,  and we are looking for a 6 month lease since we're both taking an extra semester. If anyone has any leads please pm me!
757	1	Looking for a bf  I’m so lonely, I wish I had a bf. All the guys I’ve ever talked to ended up finding another girl or simply just ghosted me. I don’t think I’m a horrible person, just a little shy >~< would any cute nerdy boys want to hang out? No poli sci or eecs majors please 🥺
648	1	the ol' bowl o' ketchup 'n' ladel
452	1	Sunset on Bancroft
79	1	Most Respected Major at Berkeley?  Over my time at UC Berkeley I notice there is quite a toxic culture of people looking down on certain majors such as history or anthro. Just curious but given this culture, what do y'all think is the most "respected" major at berkeley aka what majors do berkeley students look up to the most?
455	1	looking for a female roommate for next school year ASAP!  Hi! I'm a rising junior looking for a female-identifying roommate to room with me in a spacious double (the room's 226 sqft) located in downtown, at \~1100 per person. There will be two other female-identifying roommates sharing another room in the apartment, and the lease will be Jun 1st 2022 to May 31st 2023. The appliances are very new (electric heating/ac in each room, steel appliances with dishwasher and electric stove), and the apartment's really close to a bus stop & trader joe's! If you're interested, please DM me!
193	1	How do you find more people to work together for your startup idea?  So I had an idea for a startup, but the issue is that it requires a lot of research for product development and its more related to chemistry, whereas I’m an engineering major. I’ll need more people who’re interested in the idea to make this a reality. I’m a freshman and not really familiar as to how do I find people who would be interested in this. Do I just have to find people/make friends who may be down to work with me?
885	1	UC Berkeley may avoid enrollment freeze with California legislature bills
658	1	2 Female Students Looking for 1-2 Female Identifying Roommates  Hi everyone! My freshman year roommate and I are looking for 1-2 more people to live in a 2 bedroom apartment on Southside. We’re already looking for apartments so we just need 1-2 more people to split the rent. Hoping to live no farther south from campus than Dwight.  Respond to this post if you’re interested and we can get in touch!
535	2	Any 1 unit class I can take and pass after this?  Need 1 unit to be of “Upper Division Standing” at the end of the semester, and am really regretting not planning ahead but is there any class that I can late add at this point and pass to get the additional unit?
63	2	International Studies Breadth Question    idk if this is true but someone told me if you take 2 semesters of another language it counts for international studies breadth. can anyone verify?
43	2	Question - Advice for College Options(Update)    Hello Everyone, I hope you are doing well! I think I posted this question on this discussion before, but I want to receive people’s thoughts as certain things have changed monetarily. So currently as a high school senior, I have narrowed my choices down to UC Berkeley EECS (direct admit) and the University of Washington’s CS program as a Direct Admit (my in-state school). Previously, everyone advised me to choose UW due to the financial risk of debt going out of state, but quite recently I learned that I was accepted for the Regents and Chancellor’s Scholarship at Berkeley. This scholarship now makes UW and Berkeley cost the exact same for me. However, I am still having trouble deciding which program to go to, as both are very good options and it's hard to turn down one. The only reason I am considering staying in-state with UW is that as a Dual Enrollment student at a community college, a lot of my college credits are guaranteed to transfer, I will be closer to family and friends, and can possibly finish my degree in 2-3 years along with a double major or minor with UW CS. At Berkeley, I understand that EECS is difficult itself (double majoring would be rough) and that I may have to attend university for 4 years instead.  I know some may think this is a clear-cut choice (Berkeley), but I was wondering if you guys could provide me with some honest thoughts and advice. For example, does one have better internship opportunities than the other? Will going to one look better on resumes and improve my chance at finding tech opportunities in the future (I have heard from many that experience matters more than education)? What are the major differences between each of the programs (prestige and difficulty)? Overall, if cost isn't a factor, what would make YOU choose one over the other? I am the first in my family to go to college, so these are things that have been stressful and any help would be appreciated!
304	2	Just got accepted but my grades are in the mud right now. Will i get my offer revoked if I keep it like this?
853	2	When do Financial Aid Awards Hit?  I was just admitted as a master's student for the fall semester, and as soon as I got the decision I added Berkeley as my school on my FAFSA. When do awards go out?  Thanks!
840	2	CS 61bL + Summer Internship  Hey, I was just wondering if 61bL and a summer internship were both manageable workload wise. I got an A- in 61a and have some prior experience with the 61b content. What’re your thoughts?
359	2	Attention to Issue For Transfer Students  If you're a transfer student at UCB, I wanna bring to your attention an issue that I encountered so that you're aware, and so that you could check if you have that issue and know how to address it. I completed my IGETC before transferring, and as a result, I should NOT be required to complete the seven breadth requirements at UCB. However, when I checked my Academic Progress Report on CalCentral (under My Acedemics>Degree Requirements-near the bottom of the page>"View your degree requirements and progress" link), I saw that it indicated that I still need to complete a bunch of seven breadth requirements such as Foreign language and social sciences. I contacted my major advisor and an L&S advisor. They told me that there seems to be a mistake and that the way to fix this is to open a case with CalCentral. I did that, and a week later I got an email saying that they " apologize for the oversight." and that my IGETC certificate has been added to my record. This made me wonder how often this happens, and how many transfer students are not aware that there is something wrong and go on completing courses that they DO NOT need to complete. That's why I decided to make this post because I wouldn't want this to happen to other students. To open a case you go to the CalCentral support page [https://studentcentral.berkeley.edu/services-areas-support/](https://studentcentral.berkeley.edu/services-areas-support/) and at the bottom of the page click the Open Case button. Under Selected Area, there's nothing relevant to the IGETC issue, so I chose "Other", then I simply wrote that I have completed my IGETC at my community college before transferring but it is not being reflected on my Academic Progress Report on CalCentral. This might be a system glitch, so it might be very common, so I urge you to check your Academic Progress Report and if you're unsure if it's reflecting your IGETC or not, meet with an advisor (in person or online). I hope this helps. Good luck!
84	1	LBL from the Big C?  Hi, I have the opportunity to visit Bay Area in coming weeks and plan to visit Berkeley. I would like to take the university buildings overlooking the SF bay/GGB (just like the image banner of this subreddit). I have taken the picture from the Big C before, but am wondering if I can hike up to LBL from the big C? I would like to take a similar picture from a higher vantage point. I don't have a car, so any suggestions are appreciated. Thanks!
929	2	Hey what did your applications look like to get in?  I was thinking about transfer, and it got me looking here, Berkeley. I'm skeptical though, but I just wanted to know and ask from you guys. I got something like a 2100 on SAT which is like 31 on ACT (previously) which translates to about 1300 SAT and something in the ACT. Does it have to be a lot higher than this? I don't know what else I should need, probably some outside class activities, but that's what I have. Did you guys get a lot higher, and if so what did it look like? (your resumes)
282	1	Where to see earthquake faults in the San Francisco Bay Area
810	1	Who are you?   [View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/teae7y)
921	1	Study Buddy for this Saturday  Would someone be down to study with me this Saturday at Doe Library from 9-12/1pm? I’ve been having a lot of discipline and motivational issues during the weekends, so I’d like someone to help me stay responsible. Please leave a comment, and I’ll dm you :)
152	1	yoga mats @ rsf  havent done much besides cardio @ rsf so i’m wondering if they have yoga/exercise mats available to use? and are there any special rules about using said mats? thanks :)
159	2	Question about Intro CS Classes  I just got accepted into CS under L&S and am really excited! I'm just worried about the minimum 3.3 GPA requirement. I was wondering if all the prereqs (61A, 61B and 70) were graded on a bell curve or if the curves are predetermined. I'm worried about the competition among the rest of my class who are probably way more qualified than me. Would it be difficult to reach the 3.3 GPA considering I am only in Calc AB (I heard 70 is notoriously difficult)? I've heard conflicting reports on whether the professors were sympathetic of the GPA requirement and was wondering if I would have to be above average in my classes to major in CS. Sorry for the rambling I'm just a bit stressed right now and any help would be great. Thanks in advance! :)
965	1	RIP the era of downloading CCLE course ZIP's to pass along to future Bruins...  As Winter quarter has ended, I've learned that Canvas (BruinLearn) does not have an easy way to download all course material like CCLE once had. The feature to allow students to download all course material directly through Canvas is gatekeeped by a global course setting controlled by each individual professor and it's not enabled by default. RIP.
385	2	22-23 University Housing Offer Rounds  Anyone know when future rounds of Reshall housing offers go out? I haven't gotten an offer yet so not sure if I should be looking off campus or if theres still a chance for me. I'll be entering my 6th semester in Fall 22.
81	2	Econ 100a with Campbell vs Econ 100b with Hawkins  Thoughts ? Grade distributions on Berkeleytime are almost indistinguishable
188	2	Question about FPF 2022  After the first semester, can you major in whatever you want? I.e., are you treated as a normal student at UCB, even though you entered through the waitlist? Also, if you enter through the waitlist, can you live in an on-campus residence?
676	3	In Berkeley during Spring break? Can you lift some weight? Make $50/hr  Thanks for all the responses! She found her helps. —————————————————— My friend needs help moving out of her current room during Spring break. I’ll be at my family’s so I can’t help. She got a spinal damage so the second floor would be too dangerous for her to go up and down. She’s hiring two people to do ~2 hrs worth of moving within a mile (2 min drive). A van will be provided. DM me and I’ll give your contact to her.
643	2	Grader forgot to take off late marks   Hello. I submitted an assignment a few days late. According to the syllabus a certain percent is deducted each day. I noticed that no late marks were removed so I’m guessing the grader forgot to take them off. For the other assignments (yes I submitted them late as well ) the late marks were deducted. I did make a post about this a while back that I noticed 1 day wasn’t deducted for an assignment. Basically everyone advised to just leave it. This also happened for the next one, I think because there is a 1 day discrepancy between the grading platform and syllabus, so I guessed the graders are just going off the submission platform but I’m not sure which is right. Anyways, i noticed for this assignment that my mark was good but it’s because late marks weren’t taken off. I did request an extension for the current assignment in this class, although I’m still going to be late 🥲 I didn’t request an extension for the assignment I am referring to. I’m thinking of just contacting the course admin to let them know, just wanted to get some other perspectives on this. Thank you.
745	1	Looking for a UC Berkeley student who can code an app for a startup  Just as the prompt says, I'm looking for a UC Berkeley student who has background in coding and can create an application from scratch. Will be paid (to be discussed in private). Thank you so much! Would look great on a resume and for future ventures. If you're interested, please send me a private message with a resume and past projects attached. Thank you again!
770	3	Math 16a Stress  Long story short, I have done nothing for this class, and the midterm is very soon. I took Calc 1 AB at a cc during high school and got an A. I wonder if I can drop 16a right now and take a 1b or 16b equivalent over the summer to satisfy my math requirement? If I drop I will only have 12 credits and I don't think the emergency drop is allowed if units drop below 13. Econ major btw.
786	2	mcb 50  this class is literally hell. someone please give me advice on how to pass please
437	2	Why does it take Prof. Salahuddin so long to grade the first midterm in EE 130?  I am currently enrolled in EE 130 and took the first midterm on March 3, yet I still don't know the grade yet. As of March 10, he said that he hasn't graded exams and last week it was unplanned since he has department issues. He also said there is no estimate on when I will get grades back.
140	2	How would the current CS situation affect admission?  Title. I got waitlisted and I applied L&S CS. Also I’m so confused on the situation, what is the last update? How would I approach the waitlist additional essay as an CS major? Is it any good to mention the current CS situation in my essay?  Srry I just rlly wanna get off the waitlist.
334	3	Meeting people/social life at berkeley  This is pretty much just a vent.  I’m currently a senior at Berkeley studying architecture. Majoring in architecture is nice because of the tight knit community, but it also kinda has a downside. Because all of my classes are only at wurster and I see the same 50-100 people everyday that are in my class, it makes it difficult to branch out and meet jew people. I’m part of an athletic club on campus, but not many people are part of it (5-10 people). So while it’s nice to hang out with them, like architecture, it’s so few people (and the same ones everyday) that I feel like I’m not branching out.  I am honestly really happy/content with my “circle.” I am really, really close to my housemates, I have other acquaintance friends, and I’m never necessarily lonely (which I’m grateful about). But I feel like I’m not taking advantage of being at such a big campus with the opportunity to meet lots of people. I think a lot of this worry/stress was brought on by the fact that my boyfriend of 3ish years and I broke up recently. That happening made me think about how I feel like I was just so content/settled with my routine before that I didn’t force myself to branch out.  With that said, I was wondering if anyone has advice on where to meet people (not just romantically, just in general?) on campus? I honestly don’t know. I feel like clubs are such a commitment and I have class with the same people in my major and would like to meet people from other departments I saw a few other people on this sub post about themselves, so I’ll do the same and if anyone is interested in hanging out I’m down to meet new people!  - I like to run, hike, and bike. If anyone wants to run together I’d be down! My pace is around 8 minutes on average  - I enjoy reading and talking about psychology  - indie music (can talk about different songs forever. I always like comparing and showing fellow indie lovers music I like and vise versa) - I like art and design  - cooking   - walking around pretty neighborhoods in Berkeley  - plants? Idk if this is an interest, more like I just have a lot  - making videos  - himym and Gilmore girls lol
372	2	CS 160 in summer  Anyone took CS160 before? How is CS160 in summer?
312	1	Recs for fancy resturants around Berkeley?  Looking for something a bit fancier than the usual college student haunts! I'm thinking of somewhere along the lines of Comal and Berkeley Social Club in downtown. Taking a friend out for a cute dinner date :) Any recs appreciated, thank you! Edit: this shouldn't affect ur recs, but I feel like I should clarify that I'm not actually taking them out on an actual date, it's more of a girls' night out kind of situation :")
286	2	Math 110  How theoretical/proof heavy is 110? I haven’t taken 55 (hopefully don’t have to to do well in 110) and was wondering what people’s experiences were. Is there maybe a professor who focuses more on the computational part? Thanks
776	1	$300 Extra Flex Dollars  Anyone else randomly get $300 extra flex dollars put in their account 💀? I was running low from ordering peet’s daily but not anymore 🤑
211	2	Any way to get past the STEM AP Test score requirement for the SEED scholarship?  I was invited to apply for the SEED scholarship since I got in for Civil Engineering and I was looking at the requirements for the scholarship when I read this as one of the requirements: "Average scores of 4 or better on all AP STEM exams taken" I have a 4 average on the four AP tests I have taken so far and I am taking two more AP tests at the end of the my senior year (AP Physics 1 and AP Calculus AB), but I received a 3 on the only STEM AP Test I have taken thus far (AP Statistics). I was wondering if I could receive any advice. Keep in mind I met the other four requirements they had listed, this is the only one I didn't.  Here is the link to the page on how to apply and the requirements if it helps: [https://seedscholars.berkeley.edu/applying](https://seedscholars.berkeley.edu/applying)
737	1	Award-winning Berkeley postdoc faked data, says federal watchdog – Retraction Watch
727	3	On Mental Health  Does anyone else feel like the conversations around mental health here are completely performative?  Of course everyone would say that they'd support someone who's suffering from issues, but when it really comes down to it, it really only means "I'll support people who are feeling a bit sad/stressed out, maybe only short-term depression".  Anyone with anything more severe than sadness because of a failed midterm is seen as a lost cause and the people willing to help are suddenly gone.  At most, they'll tell you to call the suicide prevention hotline (total meme) or see a therapist, both the bare minimum, least helpful suggestions.  What are your thoughts?
595	3	Sometimes I wonder why I got into architecture  Sincerely, a sleep deprived archi major
407	1	Places to buy grad dresses?  Hey besties where do y’all buy dresses to wear for graduation. I see people usually wear white dresses as well
253	2	Admitted into Cog Sci, but now I kind of wanna do Computer Science... is it possible?  I've heard that the EECS department is apparently attempting to restrict a course that does not allow people who didn't declare CS L&S on their application to major in Comp Sci. As someone who got admitted to cal (dream school) today for Cog Sci, but had a change in plans and wants to do Computer Science, do I have a chance of ever being able to major in the area that interests me? I am new to this whole EECS dept. news thing so idk if its official yet, but I'm wondering if its still gonna be a possibility to declare CS, if not, do I have any options other than going to a different school event tho Cal has been my dream?
775	2	Is living in an apartment lonely?  So I'm a current freshman, planning on living in an apartment next year with one other person. I absolutely loved living on a floor, and having the community of just walking out and seeing ppl you know. Is living in an apartment lonely? Is it just like living in an apartment outside of a college town where you don't rlly know your neighbours?
122	2	graduate physics classes  How time consuming are they?  - 3rd year Physics student who'll become a 4th year next sem
115	2	Easy A classes for Summer 2022  Title. Need a GPA booster.
374	2	in need of housing advice  please help a fellow berkeley student because quite honestly I am LOST and CONFLICTED.  next year will make it my second year at berkeley. I received a housing offer from berkeley but I hear it’s cheaper to live off campus but everything I’ve looked at/toured has sketchy systems for packing or laundry or super small rooms. the places like the varsity or the berk are just way too expensive. I don’t know where else to look.  I’ve looked through Facebook and I don’t know secure and safe that whole process is. I don’t know whether to just live through berkeley and call it a day or if there is somewhere else or something else I should be doing. If anyone or any upperclassmen have any suggestions that would be GREATLY appreciated.
571	1	Don't call me an ABG - Daily Cal
899	2	Why are there 10x more homeless tents in People's Park when school is in-person?  Just saw People Park and I swear, there were like 5 tents during the two years of Covid and now we have like 30+ tents that's insane. Where do all these people come from and where were they during lockdown? My top 3 hypothesis: 1. Homeless in Berkeley is an occupation that depends on the student population, just like any restaurants in Asian Ghetto. 2. Berkeley students be living in one of those 30+ tents. God, I swear there were less tents during this winter break alone. 3. Talk of a subsidy from the University last year attracted more people to People's Park hoping for a ride on the new 2M homeless subsidy from UC Berkeley.
450	2	MCB declaring requirements  really confused about the different gpas that will be considered when declaring mcb. i know it’s not a capped major, however it asks for a prerequisite (major coursework) gpa? what classes are those for mcb? and is math considered to be a part of those classes or is it just a major/ graduate requirement and not a prerequisite.
332	2	Berkeley Portal  Is it true that if you can’t withdraw your application it means you’re rejected or waitlisted?
844	1	(Anyone wanna share how’s working at the library? Toxic?) UC Berkeley struggles to retain library staff due to funding, COVID-19
588	1	Looking for instrument players (Bay Area)  Hello if you play an instrument (literally any but preferably guitar, bass, drums, keyboard/piano, other ‘rock’ instruments) and are looking to jam/collaborate/work with other people in the Bay Area I’d like to maybe start a group chat or something. Preferably live in/around Berkeley, Hayward, Castro Valley, San Leandro. Preferably be 18-25 but any age is fine I guess. Reply if you’re interested thanks!
270	3	This is why we need to restrict cs70 enrollment.  [https://www.reddit.com/r/berkeley/comments/to44qk/if\_i\_was\_admitted\_into\_ls\_and\_applied\_as\_a/](https://www.reddit.com/r/berkeley/comments/to44qk/if_i_was_admitted_into_ls_and_applied_as_a/) I bet at least two thirds of the "discoverers" are actually "cheaters". It's about time department do something about this. Since L&S declaration policy is virtually impossible to change, cs department should do what it should do. Unlike previous proposals, cs70 enrollment restriction will be enforced because it doesn't require approval from L&S. Since L&S won't do a thing, it'd be a waste of time for the department to waste another year waiting for the response from L&S about the admission policy Plus it doesn't solve the funding crisis right away. To solve the funding crisis, cs70 enrollment restriction should be enforced right NOW. Department won't have to worry about lawsuit since the door is still officially open to every L&S majors and more students will be admitted if there is an adequate funding. These kinds of lawsuits take a long time to win and I'd be really surprised if the department or the university lose. Forget about admission policy change. We are facing a serious overcrowding issue right now and L&S won't lift a finger. I am pretty certain they will decline the admission policy change proposal again.
90	1	Free CharliXCX ticket for Oakland show today  Hello, I can't go so I'm giving my ticket away. If you can prove you're not a bot, will go to the show today, and not try to resell comment or message me and I can send it over I won't say no to a tip though :) Edit: Taken by a student!
3	3	Hope to see y’all tmr at noon for the CS70/EECS dept. protest  This is so unfair to us current students and also the fall 2022 admits who were promised the chance of being able to freely select a major as long as the GPA requirements are met. It’s gross how Berkeley is turning their backs on their own students over funding of one of their most popular programs. I haven’t showered in weeks in preparation for tomorrow’s protest at Sather. In true EECS fashion
440	2	cs70 summer waitlist help!  i'm currently 80-ish out of 300 for the waitlist in a class of 200 :( going to be a junior next fall & i really need to take the class to declare my major. is it likely for me to even get into the class at all? should i try talking with an advisor / sending an email to [su22@eecs70.org](mailto:su22@eecs70.org) to explain my situation? any advice would be greatly appreciated!
119	2	getting into 16b as a junior  how hard is it to get into eecs16b as a junior? trying to procrastinate taking this class for as long as possible haha
45	2	Most Quiet Libraries  Does anyone know which libraries are the most quiet/have silent floors?
715	3	Admin attempting to close yet another library (Physics)  There was an email sent to some students, but it seems they are trying to keep this quiet. Please consider signing below or voicing your concerns to [https://www.ischool.berkeley.edu/people/jeffrey-mackie-mason](https://www.ischool.berkeley.edu/people/jeffrey-mackie-mason). They plan to close this library after spring break. Even if you don't use this library or don't care about this in principle, this could mean your favorite library or workspace becomes more crowded.  [https://www.change.org/p/uc-berkeley-students-and-staff-save-the-physics-and-astronomy-library](https://www.change.org/p/uc-berkeley-students-and-staff-save-the-physics-and-astronomy-library)
945	2	Living On Off-Campus Housing Seems Impossible  Been researching to live off-campus apartments for a bit and learned that most places require applicants to pass background check, have a decent credit score and adequate proof of income.  So, for students who: * do not have co-signer/guarantor (parents, friends, etc) * do not have income 2 to 3 times monthly rent (of course, we are only students at this point in life) * do not have much money to show in bank account * plan to pay the rent largely using financial aid  it seems almost impossible to rent an apartment around Berkeley-Oakland-Richmond-East Bay area, right? For folks who lives off-campus (and not in BSC co-op) and are in the situation above, how do your landlords accept you?
671	2	chem 1a  was that chem midterm hell or am i that stupid 🧎‍♂️
674	1	Paid research study opportunity for Berkeley undergrads! ($50 compensation)  This research study focusing on college student mental health is run through Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center (BIDMC) and involves using a new mental health app. The new app is intended to be a helpful mental health resource. **The study is 1 month long and involves a total compensation of $50. This is broken down into $15 after week 1, $15 after week 3, and $20 at the end of the study.** The basic layout of the study is as follows: 1. Complete the informed consent and enrollment process on the secure RedCap platform. If you have any questions, you may attend an info session hosted weekly by our team on Zoom. 2. Enter a 3-day trial period in the app where you will complete a 1-2 question survey each day. This provides us an opportunity to ensure your phone’s data quality is sufficient. 3. After the trial period, for 28 days you will complete short daily surveys, activities designed to help you learn and practice various skills, and longer weekly surveys (which you will be compensated for completing!). **If you are interested, please follow the RedCap link below to fill out the screener survey. This will lead you to the informed consent where you can find out more information about the study.** [https://redcap.bidmc.harvard.edu/redcap/surveys/?s=8HMTYWNPD9](https://redcap.bidmc.harvard.edu/redcap/surveys/?s=8HMTYWNPD9) Please email us at [collegestudy@bidmc.harvard.edu](mailto:collegestudy@bidmc.harvard.edu) if you have any questions. We look forward to having you participate if you choose to! If you are interested in learning more about our work with college student mental health, check out our site here: [https://www.digitalpsych.org/college-mental-health-results.html](https://www.digitalpsych.org/college-mental-health-results.html)
649	2	Berkeley Amgen Scholars  Curious if anyone applied to the Amgen Scholar program at Berkeley and has heard back yet?
141	4	I need a BREAK  I'm a second-semester junior transfer here, and it's been... a really shitty year for me. Stuff like [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/berkeley/comments/t1iujy/got_attacked_on_bart/) and [then this](https://www.reddit.com/r/berkeley/comments/tbupl1/it_finally_happenedthe_stress_of_berkeley_sent_me/) has happened, along with a robbery back in Sept/October, a sexual assault in November (both on fucking Grinnell Path - really, just walk any other way at night), and a really trash situation with my peers and a GSI that's effectively pushing me out of my dept. I had to go back to the hospital again this week for more fun, stress-related shit, and it hit me that like,  this actually isn't normal. Dying for a degree isn't normal. Requiring substances every day just to function and numb the trauma isn't normal or sustainable. So, scholarship on the line or not, I think I really need to GTFO after this semester - at least for a while. I could dip and go to a different UC like UCR or Davis this Fall, or perhaps I could withdraw and apply for readmission to Berkeley later. I am having a really hard time determining what'll be best for me because I'll jeopardize my scholarships if I leave. I just know I'm not okay, and the hustle-till-you-die mentality isn't something I *actually* want to exemplify. I want to actually be alive when I get my degree. Is there anyone I can talk to about any of this? Any way I can take that break and not risk my scholarships? 😫 There is an appointment set and on the books with Path to Care, and I'm working on getting another appt with the Student Advocate Office to help me find additional resources. I am just exhausted and I need a break from this insanity. FUCK, do I need a break! Just venting. ​ https://preview.redd.it/z3slon7xanp81.png?width=1000&format=png&auto=webp&s=48426fc4fc46e50391ac9136d90507caef4573ea
819	1	The Past and the Future Are at War in Berkeley
793	2	On campus apartment or off campus?  Hey everyone! I know this has been asked before in previous years but I would love to get some new insight.   Does anybody have any suggestions as to whether an on-campus apartment or off-campus housing is better?  I’ve heard from a lot of people that off-campus is the way to go, but just wondering why, as well as the major pros and cons to both.  I’m pretty new to hunting for housing, so any advice would be greatly appreciated! For context: I recently got an offer for a unit 2 apartment (I’m guessing Wada) for 14K.  I do like Unit 2’s proximity to campus, amongst other things, but im also worried it might be harder to meet other sophomores compared to off campus.    If I don’t get an offer the following year I’ll also have to move out and house hunt then, which might be harder if I don’t know as many people in my building.  For off-campus, most of the options available now are a bit farther from campus than I would like, but they probably are a little cheaper (though it would probably come out to be pretty close to 14K since it would be around 1-1.2K for a 12-month lease).
429	1	How do you get an invite to the Order of the Golden Bear?  I want to join
901	1	Best places to print large sheets of posters that are at least 24”x36”?  For architecture drawings. I know Inkstone is good but I also want to explore options
683	1	What is up with Delta Sigma?  I heard Chi Psi taken off the calendar for a month because of a Delta Sigma girl.  Does anyone know what happened?  Also, didn’t Delta Sigma get caught trying to buy more Instagram followers?
70	2	until what time do lower div cs labs run?  tryna know when the soda 27x rooms will be (mostly) empty, specifically on tuesdays
936	1	HELP fellow 🐻  I have to ask an urgent question on a sub reddit but there minimum karma is 100. I am a bit short, can you guys please **upvote**. This situation might land me an internship Edit: omg its supposed to be 100 comment karma fml Edit: The account is supposed to be 7 days old. I can’t do shit. Is it possible if anyone is down to post the question instead of me? I’ll be grateful
813	1	Do you need permission to sell something on campus?  I see clubs selling food for fundraisers all the time, and I assume they have permission, but I've also seen some booths/tables that look less official. Plus there are the Girl Scouts that have been selling cookies at the front of campus lately. Just wondering uhh for a friend.
818	2	Summer Housing in Fraternities  Hey, spending the Summer in Berkeley and looking for accommodation. Does anyone know if there are any frats offering summer housing this year?
791	2	CS61B Intellij Question for HelloNumber.java, win10 environment  Course studied: CS61B 21spring Environment: Intellij Idea 2021.3.2 Ultimate edition, win10 I'm stuck in running [HelloNumbers.java](https://HelloNumbers.java) part in lab1. ​ While I was trying to run the codes, after clicking the 'run', a configuration window popped up, screens printed below.  I'm quite new to Intellij Idea but strictly followed the instruction of the course when installing the intellij idea. So I'm sure all the essential steps were completed in the installation. Here I've got no idea what 'build and run' section means in this 'edit configuration' window, neither I could understand, or possibly set the proper options in 3 columns shown and marked in Chart1 and Chart2.  Also, I printscreened my settings for this '[HelloNumbers.java](https://HelloNumbers.java)' work in Chart3 so to make sure all the steps were set correctly. ​ Question: How should I set the options right underneath the title of 'Build and run' so to get the right outcome of the codes? For the possible solution, I've already tried to leave them all at original  status, 'module not specified' and 'HelloNumbers', but the outcome of running codes is reported error message as 'some particular files are missing'. The other possible solution I chosen 'openJDK' options in the first column left underneath the title of 'Build and run', but had no idea what to choose in the column next to it. There are too many choices and seems none related to this HelloNumbers file. In addition, right under the two horizontal columns, there is a long one shown in Chart2. I guess it might require a proper setting too, but have no idea what to choose from the list of options. ​ So could anyone help me with it？ feeling so frustrated at such a beginning step of learning codes...... ​ ​ https://preview.redd.it/h6922vczqgn81.jpg?width=1845&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=01c7adead8cd3449ed3b6f3da4a29271cd412039 ​ https://preview.redd.it/8carpjgnvgn81.jpg?width=1843&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=5c35b6e9b8034c3149ca0f3c593737c455146b9f ​ https://preview.redd.it/3nc4voo5xgn81.jpg?width=1843&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=654bc9d0820b6c9d45fd875b94d72c912c285daf
957	3	first in-person class and my anxiety is through the roof  omg i haven’t been to a real lecture hall in so long that i am so so nervous at the thought of going. AND IT’S RAINING TOO. i can’t even wake up is anyone else feeling the same, how are you fighting through this help
292	1	Any hot UC Berkeley girls looking for a generous gift?  DM me for possible modeling opportunity.
213	2	How do housing rounds work?  Like first round, second round etc????
330	1	Berkeley Spring Music Festival?  Does Berkeley have an end-of-semester Spring Music Festival like some of the other UCs and the Ivies? cause that shit would be dope asf I heard some of them have had like Kendrick, Vince Staples, and like NIKI headline, and the event was free for students
888	1	Who is performing at Sather Gate?  It's really loud. Dude sounds like kodak black somehow
602	2	Is Haas Open Yet? When will Haas reopen?
900	4	Chronic pain  I have chronic pain and health conditions that I’m in the process of coming to awareness/ acceptance around. This process has been challenging and I am not only dealing with physical pain but also emotional due to the drastic shift in my life. This makes it nearly impossible for me to keep up. I’m trying to communicate with instructors but keep missing extension deadlines because of my condition. What’s worse now is the anxiety I have around feeling ashamed for not finishing the assignments when I said I would- even with a flexible deadline. I know my practical options- I am considering P/NP one of my classes and have given myself permission to drop if need be even though I’m already receiving a reduce course load accommodation.  I’ve been working so hard to try to find mental health care and assistance with DSP but with wait times- a bureaucratic nightmare- it seems impossible.  Anyway, I just feel depleted. I keep thinking I’ll feel better and can catch up and then lo and behold I have to start from zero. I have worked so hard to be here, am an older transfer- I don’t want to/ can’t afford to take another 3-6 years to get my BA. I want to graduate. I just feel so low right now and am not sure who to reach out to or what to do next.
835	2	Does anyone have experience with PSR student housing?
87	2	Law library....  Does anyone know if the Berkeley Law Library (the only one open today) allows undergrads to study there? The website says grads only, but you never know....
651	1	bruh no shot lmaoooo  cs61a midterm on Thursday and WHAT ARE THESE QUESTION!!??? bro like how!!??? Idk how some of y’all be smart as fuck and just get this shit but ain’t now way this shit fr. Sorry for the rant but this shit got me trippin!!! Imma keep studying, good luck to y’all!
428	2	Do leases starting in July even exist?  Is it too early to be looking?  To cut down on cost I'm probably looking for roommates but everything I've seen, the leases start June 1st.  My summer session doesn't technically start until Session D and economically it would make the most sense to delay moving up until July.
202	2	Has anyone here gone to a 4 year for one year then transferred to a cc then transferred to Berkeley ?  ^title. I wanna transfer here but I know it’s hard to pull off from a 4 year. Has anyone done this before? If so, can I contact you for advice? Thank you and go bears !
841	1	Y’all don’t know how to act  i understand college is partying for a lot of people, but do y’all really have to drunk-yell outside of my window like that in the middle of the night? Just high pitch SCREAMING for no reason, giving high school energy. There’s no way that white claw hit you that hard, Tiffany.
542	1	To the guy who lent me your laptop charger in College of Engineering today:  You’re very cute!! Wish we had talked more.
467	2	Will getting good grades in Berkeley math classes help me transfer to Berkeley applied math?(like math55 and math110)?  I have studied Friedberg 5th edition by myself and really loved it so I have some familiarity with the subject. But what I am curious about is how much will getting As in these two courses help me transfer to Berkeley applied math major? I know applied math is not as competitive as CS but it still is very competitive and I have 4.0 GPA at cc but I don't.have any extracurricular activities and I am a bit worried..
435	1	Since we are posting sunsets…shattuck today 🥺
939	1	Tf stats 88 midterm so hard
277	1	But is the food really thaaat bad???  I mean cmon? If  I wanted to bulk or go pescatarian for a month, is it possible?
624	2	Job interview at RSF  I just got an interview for a rec ops job at RSF and was wondering what type of questions they ask in the interview and how a “group interview” works. The interview is virtual and those make me a little more nervous, so any advice would be great!
281	2	SEED scholars program question  hi everyone! i recently got into cal and was invited to apply to the SEED program but it starts a few days before a trip i've had planned for a while so im really unsure of whether i should cancel it or not. i also want to hear from actual students who were part of the program, not just the website lol would you say that your experience at cal would've been drastically different if you hadn't joined? like is there anything you gained that wouldn't have been possible without the program? ...is it worth canceling my summer plans for? 😭 ty in advance, and good luck to everyone applying! <3
661	1	F seeking single room/studio sublet for June-august !!!  Hi all! I am a current female student, (19) and former foster youth and just now reclaiming my documents / some savings from an ab\*sive foster parent and need to establish credit. :,) However, in the meanwhile, I'll need to locate a sublet for the summer, as I'll be taking a class / working here and need housing asap. I have very good fin aid from being in foster care (which fully covers the cost of my on-campus living at the moment) and work 2 jobs.  If someone is willing to rent out a single room or let me crash in a tiny studio for the summer and would accept cash upfront for rent, I promise I will be an excellent / dependable tenant! Just found myself in a difficult situation last yr, therefore I'm only now acquiring a credit score/card. (Controlling parents for you) But would be happy to provide paystubs/fin aid statements/ rent paid statements. I'm a p quiet person, who is rarely at home, if there are other occupants in the apartment.  Additionally, if anybody else at Cal has been in a similar circumstance and has any advise for locating nontraditional housing, please let a girl know!! Pm me about anything. Thank you! :D
897	1	Is anybody seeing Wallows in SF next month?  I am going alone 😢
731	3	Is it bad if I drop to part-time student status?  Im a first year in-state student and im currently enrolled in 15 units. 4 of those units are from Data 8 and I'm thinking about emergency dropping the class bc I just bombed the midterm, BUT this would drop me to part-time student status. Everyone ive talked to about this has given me a weary reaction when I tell them, but no one can actually tell me the implications of being considered part-time. I'm currently living on campus (but there's like a month left in the school year) and I'm not on any aid so I'm assuming that there would be little impact on either of these things. could someone tell me what exactly would happen if I drop to part time and, if the outcome would be THAT bad, is there any way to  supplement this?
843	3	EECS 16b cheat sheet help  Hi! I'm *stressin* stressing for the 16b midterm coming up, and don't feel confident in a lot of the math/content even though I've been going to lecture and trying to do the homeworks. I'm studying the recommended content from the piazza, but was wondering if anyone would be willing to share/dm their cheat sheets with me or their approaches to making one. I'm not sure which formulas would be good to include and I would really appreciate seeing how people with their shit together are organizing them. Thank you a million times, here's hoping I don't fail out of this class after just declaring cs (and I thought it would be fine after cs70 :'))
32	1	Anything like the Little 500 here?  So, I recently found out about how Indiana university does the Little 500 annually([https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Little\_500](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Little_500)) where literally the entire school shows up(25k+ people) and all week it is dominated by that. I was wondering if Berkeley has any traditions even slightly similar or if there is nothing of that sort, how could we consider starting one?
398	1	Are Annie and Grinnell, UC Berkeley’s peregrine falcons, a couple again?
129	2	The website says it’s 38,000 for tuition, housing fee, and insurance, but if I have insurance does this mean I wouldn’t have to pay for anything? The total it says 36,000 and the total cost on the UC website says 35 w/o insurance. Thank you for clarifying!
126	1	I Need help with my ML project (FYI its a 30 seconds survey where you rate a country you visited)  Hi guys,  I have a project in ML (Machine Learning), and I need to gather some data about countries. I'm building an algorithm that suggests countries to visit based on your travel history. So if you guys can take 30 seconds to fill this survey, it will help me a lot (It just rates from 1-10 some aspects of the country)ts a 30 seconds survey where you rate a country you visited) [https://forms.gle/LfoDuxPGe5zYrnC48](https://forms.gle/LfoDuxPGe5zYrnC48) ​ Thanks for the helpers!
341	2	How likely will CS 188 be offered in Fall 2022?  There is no instructor listed for CS 188 in Fall 2022 so how likely will the class be offered that semester?
441	2	Retake Math 1A ?  was not doing well last and i do not have a good time with math which resulted in me earning a C- in math 1a last semester:’) it rlly rlly bothers me haha. is there anyway i could retake the class or change that grade to be better ???
820	1	How are you feeling today?   [View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/tdanzz)
764	1	Lmao I interrupted my roommate from frantically packing away, he thought spring break starts tomorrow  Nope, the only thing that starts tomorrow is another round of ass kicking midterms
80	2	Question about breadths in college of engineering  So you need 6 breadths in CoE out which 2 are R&C. Do all of the other 4 breadths have to be from different lists or as long as i stick to the requirement of 2 breadths being upper divs im good? could someone from the CoE please let me know!
787	2	CS61C + CS61A TA + Linguistics 100 in summer?  Taking CS61C and (hopefully) will be TAing for CS61A in the summer. Would taking Linguistics 100 on top of this be too much pain or is it manageable?
953	1	How it’s gonna feel to be back tomorrow
153	2	Is there an admitted students discord?  Title.
506	1	"My spring break is gonna be so fun"
489	1	These anti-LGBTQ+ people have a whole poster now! The other day someone posted a picture with them countering their sign of how “being LGBTQ+ is not normal” and I thought I’d share their whole set of beliefs.
942	2	Econ 100 vs econ 101 vs ugba 101 series?  Which one is the most useful? Which one is the easiest? Ty! :)
382	1	Where to practice flips and tricks?  Been meaning to learn how to do a back flip and some other tricks like an aerial, but where do people go to practice/learn these in Berkeley?
430	2	Fall 2022 Class Schedule?  Does anyone know when will class schedule be posted online?
606	4	DSP-related late drops  Dsp student here: I’ve been going through an incredibly rough semester this year and I feel like my mental health is the worst it’s ever been. I have been debating for quite some time on using our late drops this sem to drop some of my courses. I know that typically a regular late drop leaves a W on your transcript, but does anyone know if the same applies to a DSP signed late drop? Like is there any indication on our transcript that classes were dropped due to extenuating circumstances or do we just get a W like everyone else?
464	2	What classes did you guys take with cs 70?  I want to be able to take a class that doesn't take too much time and on the easier end. I was planning to do data 8 (i have cs61a/b experience), cs 70 and looking for another class.
344	2	Declaring math to circumvent cs70 enrollment issue is not a good idea unless you're serious about math  Upper div math classes are completely different (and much harder)from lower div math classes. Unless you're serious about math, just declare data science. I am pretty certain the CS department won't be able to stop using math 55 in lieu of cs70 for various reasons but still it is not a loophole or a backdoor. More like a trap. If you still wanna do math to do CS, go look at baby rudin book. Unless you're super comfortable with those kinds of books, don't do math just for CS. You've been warned
851	1	Not a student but can I work out at the RSF?
763	1	Who wants to get ratioed  Comment on this post and I’ll ratio yo goofy ass
462	2	Midpoint deficiency grades  Are emails of midpoint deficiency grades given out in lower div stat classes? I didn't do as well on a stat midterm and am wondering if I am going to get an email. I had my midterm this friday, the 18th, which was well past the deadline:    https://preview.redd.it/rssebnl5imo81.png?width=1356&format=png&auto=webp&s=9dc6075446fe814baa834e86967a193fbf9a23fc
502	2	Any recommended cc for int'l student?  So I plan to take R1B at community college but I have no idea why they are just so expensive for int'l students. Which cc could minimize the cost?
161	1	Things to do while visiting  So I was just admitted (🥳) and I want to visit for like a week in April. I’ll go to Cal Day but since the rest of the activities are mostly online…what else should I do? They won’t like rocket launch me off campus for being there unofficially right? Are there places you recommend me to go/see? I’m a matSE if that’s relevant. Thanks! imsoexcitedimsoexcitedimsoexcitedimsoexcited edit: thank you to everyone for the advice, it was very helpful :)
541	1	any recommendations for clubs in SF to go to for 21st bday with friends
16	1	Selling a Billie Ticket for Tomorrow Face Value Upper Bowl  Title. Pm me if interested. Sec 217 Row 8 for $200.
549	1	Anyone down for a pint at cornerstone later tonight?
998	1	NBA2K x UCLA
774	2	Will changing a breadth class to p/np affect Haas conditional admission?  I was recently conditionally admitted to Haas, and the letter says to "maintain the academic performance indicated in your application". Will changing one of the breadths that I am taking this semester to p/np affect my admission? In addition, how much of a GPA drop will they allow conditionally admitted students to have? Any advice would be greatly appreciated.
503	1	Hoping to Identify Cheaters, a Professor Sues His Own Students
881	2	Is living in Berkley or surrounding areas via long term airbnb a good idea? (11-12months, I am from Europe and moving to Berkley for Fulbright in August)  I got a Fulbright scholarship for a project at the Innovative genomics institute so I will spent about 11-12 months in Berkley . I found out that it is possible to rent an airbnb long term and many owners there are fine with having me for the whole 11-12 month period. I found decent 1br appartments for 2000-2600$ a month in South Berkley or El cerrito. I need a parking place so center of Berkley is im afraid not an option. Do you think it is a good idea to just go for it? I am quite afraid that I wont get an appartment the usual way as I wont be there for a whole year and also I am now in Europe and cannot go for viewings.  Also, my monthly budget is 4000$ for everything. Is it possible to live decently with 1400-2000$ a month after paying rent?  Thank you so much!
457	2	Campus's Apartments  Can I still sign Up for Undergraduate Apartments? I understand the deadline passed, but is there a waitlist? and Do I have a chance? ##
944	2	STAT131a to IAS C118/ENVECON C118 (the applied econometric course)  I have only taken a course in similar content to stat131a (specifically ESPM173).  No STAT 20 yet. Are the material in stat131a enough for me to do well in IAS C118? Thanks!
625	2	HELP! Need more senior students for an interview project before mid-April  Hi everybody! I am Ryan, a visiting student from Taiwan. I am now carrying on a research project to realize how Berkeley senior students think about their future career pathway, and I would like to hear more thoughts and experience from you through a 1-hour in-depth interview method. It would be really helpful if you would help me by attending the interview! (Help! I have to interview 10 more people before mid-April.) Potential Interviewees if you are: a Berkeley senior student 20 - 25 years old growing up in the U.S. If you would like to attend the interview, please fill out the form here: https://forms.gle/wY3dCDj4c7PUcKuu8 Thanks everyone!
308	1	WTF was this Cal1 card email?  It links to a page with no info whatsoever to the policy. To read more about it, they shared a 7 page document. And then the administration wonders why nobody participates/comments on their policies.
847	3	CalFresh Work Study Verification Form  Part of the calfresh application asks for a "Verification of Work-Study Approval letter". I'm looking around cal central and I can't find this letter. I was wondering if anyone else who has applied to cal fresh can help me out with this and has any recommendations/advice for later parts of the process.  As a side note, how do y'all eat here? I know it's a basic question but food here is so much more expensive here than back home and I'm not sure how to budget accordingly/where to get affordable groceries. I've been eligible for calfresh for a while but I'm only applying now because I felt that other people need help more than me but I'm finally tired of eating one meal a day.
427	2	If I drop a summer class do I have to pay for it if it hasn't started?  lol :(
263	1	UC Berkeley Class of 2026 Discord Server
363	1	Are there any shop classes where you can just design and build stuff
54	1	Anyone else read the latest one piece chapter??  Holy shit
156	2	I realized that I put the wrong IB exam on the application after being accepted. What do I do?  I just realized that although my school transcript says “IB History, HL,” the exam I will be taking is “IB History of the Americas” rather than “IB History” which I put on the application. Will I my admission get cancelled for putting the wrong information? I’m anxious.
938	1	Men’s bathroom, 3rd floor, Campbell Hall (NSFW)
688	1	BREAKING: Gov. Gavin Newsom signed emergency bills to reverse ‘train wreck’ freeze of UC Berkeley enrollment
420	3	do i even try anymore  i just heard about the possibility that the eecs department might only let people who said they wanted to major in cs before entering berkeley take the cs classes and declare. i was not one of those people as i genuinely was unsure of what i wanted to study so i put undeclared intending in physical sciences. now that im here and taking the intro cs classes, i’ve become really invested in declaring cs. the only class i will be missing is cs 70. but with this new development i might not even be able to take the course. i worked really hard and this is very disheartening. i hope this isn’t true. Edit: Source: https://www.reddit.com/r/berkeley/comments/tivxvq/cs70_summer_waitlist_help/i1hebgb/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3
523	1	European Football (Soccer) Fans?  Are there Discords or fan clubs? Where are the good spots to watch footy? Champions League is heating up and I’d like to link up with some other fans.
754	1	Berkeley wins 2nd place in international collegiate tournament for osu! rhythm game!
397	1	Snackpass Discord  Lol join us in our discord server to get better deals when using snackpass  [https://discord.gg/2pNr7a3AH2](https://discord.gg/2pNr7a3AH2)
546	1	Fuck "Select all that apply" MC questions (no partial credit)  I'm talking to you, Shewchuk. Probably bombed the 189 midterm lol.
886	1	Unpopular opinion about RSF  The two workers that check you in take their job way too serious.
722	2	Looking for advice  Hello Berkeley students! My name is Jeremiah  and I’m from Columbus but recently moved to Las Vegas I’m 16 and wanted some advice on what to do and extra activities that could help me get into Berkeley. I love your school and will do anything to get in. If you could tell me about what you did and your experiences that would be great!
486	1	All you can eat SF  Does anybody know a sushi place AYCE in SF? Or anywhere between SF and SFO?
260	2	SEEDS Scholar Application  Hello everyone! I just learned that I was admitted to UC Berkeley (go bears!) and when poking around my application portal, I saw there was an invitation to apply to SEEDS. Does anyone have any advice on how to answer to the supplement questions and who to ask for letter of recommendation (just STEM teachers or a mix)?
619	1	Is the track next to RSF finally open? And what tracks are available in berkeley?  Public tracks not owned by the school are gud too
538	1	anyone selling airpods?  ^title
513	1	Anyone down for BTS cup sleeve event this weekend?  As title. I'm looking for more army or Kpop lover friends. Let me know if you're down to hang out, not just this weekend but future events as well. I graduated last year so most of my friends moved away from the bay area :(
532	1	I didn’t take the first two online weeks of the semester seriously  and boy am I paying for it lmaoooooo. This is what I get for treating online classes like an optional online podcast. Welp!
157	1	Adopt Zazah! (Info in comments)
558	3	Did you lose your wallet today?  If you took the F bus today between 11:30 and 12 Pm, and got off between Walnut and LeRoy, and lost your wallet today, you probably left it on that bus. I didn’t get a good look at it since I saw it right before I got off the bus, but it was a front pocket wallet. I handed the wallet to the bus driver, so give AC transit a call if this is your wallet.
505	1	dog park hot spot around berkeley?  I want to see many dogs. Is there any hot place for dogs
367	1	What is this organisation?
947	2	Studying for EE 16B  How should I study for the midterm on Monday? I have heard past midterms help, but not as much as in most CS classes.
573	1	How did the naked run start?
935	1	Guitar Classes Recommendations  Hi I really want to take guitar classes during the summer. I will be doing an internship in the Bay Area so I will be busy from 8am-4pm. Does Berkeley offer any classes or any music classes nearby?
76	1	FALL 2022 SCHEDULE IS OUT!  [https://classes.berkeley.edu/](https://classes.berkeley.edu/)
714	3	It’s Monday and I already went back to my apartment to nap because I’m over the week
647	2	CC Summer Classes for International Studies Breadth  Anyone know where to get details on what summer community college classes, if any, can be used to satisfy the IS breadth? I've tried looking on [assist.org](https://assist.org) but could only find classes that satisfied 5/7 breadths, with one of the missing ones being IS.
812	2	Are campus buildings open during spring break?  Libraries, halls, etc
723	1	peach pit show  is anybody going to peach pit tn who’s interested in traveling together?
249	1	Best Vegetarian Ramen in the Bay Area?  Title.  Also will take any vegetarian burger recommendations as well.
20	2	DATA 101 (Data Engineering) is an official class now  Might want to take it, anyone take it before (I think it was a special topics class before) and have opinions on it? I’m taking CS186 right now, if that’s relevant.
744	1	Supporters of car-free Telegraph Ave. in Berkeley march onto street
250	2	Berkeley L&S CS  Hi! How is this? I applied undecided I believe, but plan to do CS in the college of letters and sciences. Is it the same type of CS as EECS? To my understanding, they are, and the difference is one is a Bachelor of Arts and the other bachelor of science.  Is it possible to transfer L&S to EECS? Would it be worth it, or the same? Apologies for the message I’m just really hyped!
94	2	admitted major? confused incoming freshman here  hi! i'm so sorry if this is a really silly question but all other colleges i've been accepted to have specified that i've been accepted with an intended english major in the first line of the letter and cal's just says "You have been admitted for the fall semester of 2022 to the College of Letters and Science." should i just assume that since i selected english as my intended major in my application, i've been admitted as an english major? again sorry if this is a silly question 😭😭😭😭😭
103	2	late drop and financial aid  if I theoretically late drop (emergency drop) a course very last minute during dead week and go under 12 units for FA… what happens? would I need to pay back the amount?
342	2	Are uGSIs paid for summer classes?  And if so, how does tuition reimbursement work or is it only hourly?
251	2	Waitlist at Cal  So i got waitlist and i wanna opt in but don’t know what to write for the essay 😅 What are we supposed to speak about? Any tips/advice?
912	1	Mount & Blade / CK3  Any MNB or CK3 Players out there? I'm starting a discord for Cal students so DM me for the discord and we can organize some games virtual or at the Esports Center.
632	2	where/when do i get graduation access code?  need to register for graduation (just changed my date from sp23 to sp22), but haven't received a code to reserve tickets?
191	2	CS70  What is happing with cs70. Why should it apply to students who are currently enrolled. I transferred in UNDECLARED. I transferred in knowing the university said I was UNDECLARED. That promise was made on my application a year ago and now effectively now they are saying, “well not CS”. So you are telling my ability to enroll in a class is restricted just because of funding issues which is  being used for our “great” football team. Like university is all about football right? Nothing says university like brain damage and sexual assault. So how about this proposal. Refund my ass my tuition and guarantee my ass in a university who prioritizes it’s students.
670	4	Alert for Car, Things Stolen, Windows Broken  Hey, I was wondering if anybody had information, or just to alert!   Authorities have been contacted already. https://preview.redd.it/ghsrqviwhon81.png?width=718&format=png&auto=webp&s=5d0476df567926602289e178f951ec70d297fecd https://preview.redd.it/h7xpzpdvhon81.png?width=726&format=png&auto=webp&s=7612d41eddab3fc1d610cd0cfecd91a39d3e702b
42	2	Class enrollment Inquiry  Do I need to ask for permission from the instructor if I want to enroll in a course numbered above 200?
979	2	Chem 153B group me  Does anyone have a link to a group me for 153B? Thank you!
682	1	Berkeley Haas— A premier business school
859	1	My Business is Hosting a League Tournament! Check it Out!
987	1	Petition  Tips and your experience for a successful petition.
92	2	Register for fall 2022  When do we register.  That’s it.
458	2	Grad Student Housing  I'm starting the BE3 program during summer 2022 and I'm not sure how to start looking for housing. Is the best place to start just to make a post on the FB groups? Does anyone have tips on what to look for or red flags while searching for an apartment?
91	2	Regents benefits for housing  I got the Regents scholarship, and I know it guarantees housing, and another Regent told me that Regents generally get their first choice for housing, but I wasn’t able to find any info anywhere about a priority. Is this true?
933	2	How to enroll for summer classes?  I withdrew prior to this semester for personal reasons. Now I want to take a class in the summer, do I have to apply for readmission first? I'm hesitant to go back because I'm  not ready for a full semester. I already withdrew once before for similar reasons. Now I'm worried...
735	1	To the person who's playing the acoustic guitar at Hesse Labs  This isn't the mood to be playing sad songs before my midterm at night time. Please play happier music!
369	1	Summer Sessions  hello!! Im (21F) a Singaporean student and will be heading over to for summer sessions C (21 jun to 12 aug) and would like to make some friends and get to know some people prior, especially asking questions for planning trips or my stay for the 8 weeks!! Im a huge fan of fitness, love running, rhythmic cycling, gym, hiking and trails and walking around town and am considering flying my road bike over! So if over the summer anybody wants to be gym buddies or go camping or hiking or has a cycling group and knows the area a little — let’s be friends! I’m also looking out for housing hopefully off campus but nearby with friendly and fun housemates.
252	1	Anyone who did the FPF willing to private message to me to discuss some things?  I was let in to the College of Letters and Science through this program and had some questions that I wasn't able to find answered online. Thanks!
203	1	Any Chick-Fil-A?  Is there any way to regularly acquire some chick fil a if I attend Berkeley? This was one of my top reasons for attending a university (I’m Canadian so we don’t have any here). I’ll still go to Berkeley regardless, but when imagining my life there I’d like to know if it’s possible for chick fil a to have a presence
314	1	I’m in the process of starting a DAO (Decentralized Autonomous Organization). If anyone has any advice on how to grow or just advice in general, please reach out!
610	4	I think some guy tried to steal my watch  If you live near University village and take the 52 bus to campus at the stop near the Starbucks, please be careful. Some middle eastern man came up to me and asked me when the bus was coming, so I pulled up the app to let him know. When I told him, he shook my hand and thanked me, then continued to hold and rub my hand with his hands as he asked me personal questions like where I was from and how long I’ve lived in America. While he was talking, he slipped his hand up my sleeve and rubbed my wrist, presumably to feel for a watch. Luckily, I wear my watch on my left hand, so he didn’t feel anything. As soon as the bus arrived, he let go of me and scowled and motioned for me to get on the bus. He didn’t even get on. Maybe I’m just paranoid, but this guy gave me the creeps either way for how long he was there rubbing my hand. If a man with gaps in his bottom teeth asks you when the bus is coming, just tell him you’re not sure. TL;DR: Some guy came and asked me when the bus was coming, then kept rubbing my hand and wrist when he shook my hand and thanked me.
958	1	does anyone know when the gaming lounge is going to open? everything said “early winter quarter” but its spring quarter now?
187	1	Anyone With UX/UI Bootcamp Experience?  Hey y’all, I’m a junior at Cal right now.  I was thinking about trying out UC Berkeley’s UX/UI Bootcamp, but I’d like to hear some feedback if anyone’s been through it already. thanks :)
265	2	companies for moving + storage stuff from dorms for summer?  hey yall, im looking into companies who have experience moving stuff from Berkeley dorms and storing them as I'll need that during the summer. any recs would be much appreciated!
364	2	Is it normal that I feel so dumb in 70?  Feels like I just suck at this course and do badly on the HW barely getting 100% on them and I also did horrible on the midterm too getting barely within a -1SD from the mean. I've also been utilizing almost every resource to try to do well in this course whether it be OH, discussion, or trying to reread the notes to make sure that I understand it. Just need a B- to declare ;-;
872	1	PhD student available to tutor for math, stats, and cs  I'm a math PhD student and I've been tutoring for math since high school. I was a math TA during undergrad and I've GSIed various courses here and been a summer instructor. I can help with almost every class in these departments and can provide references from any previous people I've tutored. Rates are totally negotiable (I know it can be difficult to find a good tutor that is relatively inexpensive). DM me if interested.
636	1	carpool to oakland airport  hi! i’m ubering to oakland airport tomorrow at around 7:45 pm and was wondering if anyone wanted to carpool and save some money :) lmk!
220	1	Welcome baby bears!!!  I still remember 2017 like it was yesterday: the day I was admitted to do my undergrad at Cal, my dream school.  I remember the excitement and joy, and though I went to a small private school for my BS (cheaper), I am now back at Cal doing my PhD. Welcome baby bears. The love for this place never dies, and every single day we fall in love with Berkeley more. Go bears, and welcome — we are so happy to have you join the UC BERKELEY FAMILY!
256	2	intl students acceptance package in the mail?  Do intl students get bestowed with this honour?
114	2	Summer Intern Safety  Hello! I’m interning in the area this summer and will be using the Bart to get into the city. I don’t go to Berkeley but was wondering how the campus is for summer - is it less safe if there are less people around? What are your recommendations? North or south better for summer? Also what is the social life like over the summer? Hoping to meet people when I’m out there and have some fun Thanks so much for any info:)
466	1	Is it hard to find a girlfriend  When you are a girl
324	1	Fun Social Clubs  I'm an ex-CS now DS student looking for social, outdoorsy clubs to make mostly non-academic friendships. I've heard of CHAOS and Cal Ski Club; what are some other good ones?
65	2	RA job summer availability  Hi! I've accepted an offer to be an RA for the upcoming school year. Currently working on the first few steps of onboarding, but I'm super confused about what my summer will look like. If anyone has been an RA or knows any rough details on the following, please lmk!  : \- training during summer; how long would I be expected to be around for these sessions? would my training be conducted all at once in short period or would it be a (full-time) summer long commitment? \- housing...? Assuming we're training and completing any other in-person tasks here at Berkeley, would they provide free summer housing? If I won't be expected to spend my entire summer here,  would there still be housing provided? Thank you in advance!! :)
994	1	are food trucks not coming for lunch??
408	1	Long commutes, multiple roommates and friends' couches: how UC Berkeley students live
320	2	Worth it doing a post Bacc UC Berkeley?  I was planning to to a post bacc at UC Berkeley extension. And wanted to know your opinion on it. I was mostly looking to take online classes because am working full time. Am doing a post bacc for a GPA booster and mostly upper division classes. I have already taking the prerequisites at my institution. And wanted to also know how are the classes set up and how are the professors and coursework ? Etc  I  reside in Florida.  Is there a specific post bacc premed track or do you just register for any upper division  classes ?
400	3	Plea to EECS/L&S CS-Intended  I understand that many of you have detailed plans for the future — ones that may require taking certain classes in advance to free up space for later, or perhaps open up opportunities for research or so forth. Despite this, I hope to make a selfish but humble request (directed to any EECS majors or those who applied to Berkeley as L&S CS-intended): please drop CS70 Summer if you can. As many of you are aware, the CS department is planning to restrict enrollment into 70 for any non-EECS/originally CS-intended students, a backdoor effort to reduce the size of the CS major and relieve the funding crisis of the department. However, as a result, hundreds of students (many of whom discovered a passion for CS through Berkeley, and finally obtained resources to pursue it) like myself LOSE the chance to even prove themselves and have a shot at the major. I understand my request may sound frustrating; but please know, if I had another choice, I would take it. And while I’m being stripped of that choice, many of you still have it. So if it won’t drastically shift your life plans (as this policy change is affecting mine and many others), please do consider my humble plea. (Also please no hate, Ik its not my place to ask this, I’m just really stressed out, so just ignore this if you must)
989	1	Commuter Permit  if any commuter who doesn't need a parking permit but is willing to apply for one for someone please lmk!
327	2	CS 61A TA  Hi, are there any cs61a TAs here that I can send pm to? I want to ask some questions regarding the course.
904	1	The Marias  Kinda last minute but I have an extra ticket if anyone is interested pm me :) Edit: Sold ​
10	4	I’ve taken a medical leave of absence due to mental health issues  Long story short, I’ve reached a point in my life where I could disappear and not be noticed for at least several months. I’ve posted in this subreddit before, talking about how I’m extremely isolated and have not a single friend or even acquaintances, and I’m estranged from my family. I could not handle the loneliness and my depression has led me to the ER for suicidal ideation, where I stayed in a psychiatric unit for a week and was discharged on the premise that I would be moving on to another residential treatment facility.  In early March, while trying to catch up with classes, I went to main stacks but felt so much shame and embarrassment for my situation and I just fucking cried and went back to my apartment. I probably deserve this suffering since I’ve hurt people in the past and I haven’t changed at all.  UC Berkeley is literally the only thing giving me any kind of place in the world, but I can’t handle it. I’ve dug myself too deep into a hole, and no person would really want to be around someone in as deep as I am, and I feel too ashamed and and struggle with trust too much to reach out to anyone. I can’t utter a word without clearly being an extreme mess and scaring people away. I’m stuck. In addition to this my depression is taking away my capacity to even hold a basic conversation and the very thing that I was accepted into UC Berkeley to do: to THINK and LEARN. I am so stupid right now it’s ridiculous.  Having withdrawn has also made things worse in some ways, since I have very little drive to occupy myself with something, when before I was very occupied with classes, and it’s making me sink into my depression even more. Additionally, I can barely fend for myself and I’m being tossed around by this residential facility. I don’t know when I’ll be admitted or if I’ll even be able to afford it, and I am scared because I can see myself getting worse than I was when I went to the ER. I’m just waiting for a response from them even though I’ve contacted them many times. I can’t help but acknowledge that everything that is going wrong is really my fault and I’ve just been making things a lot worse for myself as time goes by.  Another issue withdrawal has brought is being displaced for the summer, since I’m dependent on financial aid for housing. In addition to intensive therapy (20 hours/week) I have to find a job and a place to live.  I write this not to ask for someone to talk to but to just maybe show other students that the student body isn’t as intimidating as one might think. And maybe to see if anyone can help with the summer job/housing part. I also write this to vent, and honestly probably also for attention, though I don’t feel bad for reaching so low. I do feel slightly less stressed after writing this. The world isn’t as romantic as our dreams were when we first stepped foot on this campus, but for some reason that feels like a good thing.
27	1	going to the rsf for the first time  do I have to enroll / sign up when I go?
597	2	I totally missed the FAFSA deadline, what do I do?  I was sure it was due in June (Federal deadline) but the state deadline is March 1. I didn’t get a single email from the financial aid office about FAFSA? What can I do? I have EFC 0 and receive Cal Grant, but can I still get Federal grants? Edit: I actually submitted it late last year right after it opened so im all set for 2022-2023 😎. Keeping thread open for people who did miss the deadline…
963	1	Midterm Times  Why the actual hell are professors allowed to make their midterms at completely different times than their classes?? The class is 4-6 MW and the midterms are both 6-8 T. Like bro I have a life and other things to do it’s kinda presumptuous that I will set aside not class time for you like that 🙄
212	2	I recently accepted part of a subsidized loan offered on CalCentral, how can I get more?  I accepted half of the loan but I underestimated some last minute expenses. Please tell me it's possible to accept more! It's not letting me on CalCentral, does anyone have any experience with this? Thank you!
930	1	Mac charger  Anyone in stacks today and have an extra Mac charger or one I could borrow
322	1	Deftones Concert April 18th?  Just wondering if anyone is planning on going or knows where I might be able to get tickets for relatively cheap. Thanks all and go 🐻s
488	1	Thoughts on mentors?  Hey everyone, my buddy and I are doing research about the value of mentors for young adults. Would love it if you guys could help us out and fill out this survey (chance at winning a $500 Amazon gift card!): [https://forms.gle/7R5ufh8eqwE8tAhL6](https://forms.gle/7R5ufh8eqwE8tAhL6)
756	2	Hoyt Hall  What’s it like living there? Pros and cons?
617	3	Take a COVID Test Before You Leave for Spring Break!  If you are planning on traveling for spring break (March 21 - 25, 2022), we strongly recommend the following:  1. If you plan to travel, take a [COVID-19 PCR test](https://uhs.berkeley.edu/coronavirus/testing-covid-19/campus-surveillance-testing) to make sure you are not at risk of spreading the virus to anyone you visit. **We recommend taking the test 3-5 days before your day of departure and awaiting a negative test result before you travel.** Make an appointment ahead of time via eTang. 2. Please note that if you need testing documentation for your travel plans, the UHS testing site cannot guarantee turnaround times for test results, so you may need to seek a rapid PCR test at a community site. As a reminder, anyone who tests at UHS can get a lab results report that can be used for travel directly from your eTang portal (under Lab Results, click View Report). 3. **Three days after you return to campus**, we strongly recommend you get a UHS COVID-19 PCR test on campus. You can make an appointment ahead of time via eTang. 4. Rapid antigen tests can also be helpful when traveling, with [caveats](https://uhs.berkeley.edu/coronavirus/testing-covid-19/pcr-vs-rapid-antigen-test). If you choose to take rapid tests, we still recommend you schedule your UHS PCR test. Rapid antigen tests can be purchased at the UHS pharmacy for $7. Rapid antigen tests are now eligible for reimbursement through health insurance (including[ SHIP Insurance](https://uhs.berkeley.edu/news/ship-insurance-now-covers-home-covid-testing-kits)).  5. **Students living in campus housing should check their bmail for more specific instructions**.   For those traveling, you should also check the current COVID-19 situation at your destination, both [domestically](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/your-health/covid-by-county.html) and [internationally](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/travelers/international-travel/index.html). Make sure you understand and follow all state, tribal, local, and territorial travel restrictions, including face-covering requirements, proof of vaccination, testing, or any quarantine requirements. Also, mass transit, like airlines, still requires face coverings while traveling. And as always if you are sick, stay home and do not travel. Please stay safe, healthy, and have fun!
771	2	Has anyone rented at 2442 Piedmont Ave and/or from Raj Properties and could share your experience?
555	1	Commencement Speaker 2022  Can we get Adam Sandler or someone funny to be our commencement speaker this year? I don't think I can sit through a boring politician regurgitate cliches about success
752	1	Cherry blossoms  Are they in full bloom yet?
445	1	Anyone going to the Los Retros concert? Arlo Parks/Clairo concert?  I’m going on a bit of a concert spree the week after spring break.  Who else is going to the Los Retros concert at Cornerstone? It’s next Sunday 3/27! There’s also an Arlo Parks/Clario concert on Thursday 3/31  in the Fox Theater in Oakland.  If anyone wants to be concert buds I’m down.
105	2	Are bear walk boundaries strictly enforced?  An off-campus place I'm renting is two blocks away from the bear walk's milvia street west side boundary, what are the chances that bear walk volunteers walk me to my place? Or do they just head back when reaching the boundary?
710	1	Gov. Newsom signs law to stop UC Berkeley enrollment cuts
247	2	Waitlisted  hi everyone, I got waitlisted for eecs. Any advice on going from waitlist—> admitted? Anything specific that the admissions committee like to see?
975	2	Access denied on course canvas site?  I’m enrolled in a class and when I click on the canvas link it says access denied? Has this happened to anyone else
732	1	Want to help incoming freshman explore CS the last week of summer break?  Apply to be a summer TA or AI for CS Kickstart!!  Computer Science Kickstart is an awesome program responsible for building a community and helping transition female-identifying newcomers to Berkeley's computer science and EECS classes. We are looking for TAs during the week of August 7-12 to help teach introductory coursework from CS61A and/or EECS16A, along with computer science principles, such as Web Development, Object Oriented Programming, Machine Learning, UI/UX Design, etc. TAs will be receiving a stipend.  Housing details are listed on the application. See [https://cs-kickstart.berkeley.edu](https://cs-kickstart.berkeley.edu) to learn more!  Application: [https://forms.gle/YEeUZAqMbNAvqEnb8](https://forms.gle/YEeUZAqMbNAvqEnb8)
118	2	FPF program  I got waitlisted for admission this year and saw that sometimes they offer admission off the waitlist by offering a spot in the FPF program. i was wondering if anyone who did that felt like they missed out on the cal experience or if it was harder to make friends and stuff like that? overall is it worth it?
165	2	Transferring to UPenn Wharton or UCB Haas  Hi r/berkeley I'm currently a 19 y/o freshman at a California community college with a 4.0 GPA and extensive honors coursework. I am very interested in transferring to Wharton at the University of Pennsylvania or Haas at UCB due to their credibility as a high-ranked business programs and networking opportunities. As a freshman, Wharton's admission requirements require more immediate attention than those of UC Berkeley's. I have completed all of the Wharton's course requirements this semester, including Econ 1 & 2 and Calc 1. The UPenn admissions website states as a requirement; >"If you’re interested in the Wharton School, you must apply to transfer after your first-year to enter for your sophomore year. There are no spaces available for entering juniors. **Please note that credit equivalency will be determined after you are admitted**." Nevertheless, I was unable to meet the March 15 application deadline for Fall 2022 partly due to a family emergency, as well as my own intention to strengthen my academic/extracurricular profile prior to applying. Is there any way that I can maintain my freshman standing and apply in the upcoming Fall 2023 cycle by taking a gap year to focus on extracurriculars, or completing non-transferrable courses at my community college for sophomore year? If there are no remaining possibilities to apply to Wharton as an undergrad, should I focus on transferring to Haas at UC Berkeley (which prefers community college students) and then potentially attending Wharton as an MBA student? Are MBA students at a disadvantage for networking/other opportunities? Your feedback is greatly appreciated.
964	1	bruh my grades aren’t up yet 🥲
245	2	Advantages of Data Science Major  I saw many posts stressing over the EECS department funding crisis, and despite a viable route, many people seem to be on the fence to declare data science instead, so I wanna lighten up the mood a bit and genuinely share my experience as a data science major student and how I went from on the fence too to really appreciate it. I think the biggest point is that data science has domain emphasis. while you can argue that computer science can be interdisciplinary too, data science actually have domain emphasis as their major requirements. Every field needs data and if you have a field ur particularly interested in, but still want a computer science/data science education, data science is the way to go! For someone like me who really wanted to be an artist but my parents are strongly against it, when I saw they have a domain emphasis of data art and humanities, I know data science is a middle ground I can escape to safely.  What’s more, i received a lot of help from the data science department as a DSP student. I honestly feel like data science program is just more inclusive and a lot more chill. And Data science department has more funding (no pun intended), they have discovery research program where I was matched with a program and opened the door for my research at URAP too, and guess what, my URAP subject is art lol 😂 and bc of my data science background, I feel useful even in a non-STEM environment. Ofc I could be wrong, feel free to point that out too, also feel free to add more points.  Also, have a good spring break and hope y’all have good grades in the upcoming midterms haha.
759	1	Band  Why is the band playing at unit 2?
997	2	Ramsey or Spaas for Math 61?  Title^
608	2	DS+Cog Sci?  Are there any ds + cog sci majors that are willing to share their course plans for entire college timeline and give me some advice. I am interested in ux/ui design or pm and was interested in double majoring in both of those majors. Are there any classes that are useful for that career path that I should take in cog sci? Recommend classes that also satisfy requirements for both majors as well. How is the cog sci major?
822	1	gdi why can’t I have easy homework
