47.5	NP	It can only come from the human spirit.
46.8	P	Ratifying the Panama Canal treaties will demonstrate our good faith to the world, discourage the spread of hostile ideologies in this hemisphere, and directly contribute to the economic well-being and the security of the United States.
20.16	NP	In that meeting of minds necessary to insure results, there must and will be accommodations and compromises, but in the estimate of convictions and sincere purposes the supreme responsibility to national interest must not be ignored.
34.14	NP	Our Government has undertaken to meet these responsibilities.
17.8	NP	But even the best organized Government will only be as effective as the people who carry out its policies.
36.10	NP	In this year 1974, we will be negotiating with the Soviet Union to place further limits on strategic nuclear arms.
6.5	NP	But far more than money is required.
41.10	P	We can confidently say today that we are finally beginning to win the war against crime.
10.14	P	Our Nation is better able than ever before to meet the needs of the American people, and to give them their fair chance in the pursuit of happiness.
9.15	NP	But there is one very human need that I do want to mention.
23.13	P	Proclaimed in the Constitution of the Nation and in many of our historic documents, and rounded in devout religious convictions, these principles enunciate:  A vigilant regard for human liberty.
34.2	P	Today, she is the first in her family to graduate, not just from high school, but from college.
15.17	NP	German rulers have been able to upset the peace of the world only because the German people were not suffered under their tutelage to share the comradeship of the other peoples of the world either in thought or in purpose.
4.17	NP	Justice and equality of rights can be had only at a great price.
48.14	NP	Failure, today, to make the investments which are necessary to support our progress in the future would be false economy.
44.18	NP	Although from these facts it appears unnecessary, yet to satisfy the fears of foreign nations and cautions on their part not to be complained of in a danger whose limits are yet unknown to them I have strictly enjoined on the officers at the head of the customs to certify with exact truth for every vessel sailing for a foreign port the state of health respecting this fever which prevails at the place from which she sails.
34.11	NP	In this period we have built a military power strong enough to meet any threat and destroy any adversary.
19.19	NP	The provisions for their support in foreign countries and for their return are found to be inadequate and ineffectual.
9.21	NP	Gentlemen of the House of Representatives:  The commissioners charged with the settlement of accounts between the United States and individual States concluded their important function within the time limited by law, and the balances struck in their report, which will be laid before Congress, have been placed on the books of the Treasury.
44.16	NP	I think our tax problems, the tendency of wealth to seek nontaxable investment, and the menacing increase of public debt, Federal, State and municipal-all justify a proposal to change the Constitution so as to end the issue of nontaxable bonds.
9.10	NP	We will reform our system of Federal aid to education, to provide it when it is needed, where it is needed, so that it will do the most for those who need it the most.
30.13	P	I come here, firmly convinced that at no time in the history of the Republic have circumstances more emphatically underscored the need, in all echelons of government, for vision and wisdom and resolution.
13.11	NP	It must be interpreted anew by each generation for its own needs; as I have tried, in part, to do tonight.
43.14	NP	In the months ahead I know that I shall be able to cooperate with this Congress.
47.10	NP	Historic negotiations will take place this year that will enable us to ensure fair treatment in international markets for American workers, American farmers, American investors, and American consumers.
6.4	P	If whole regions of the world remain in despair and grow in hatred, they will be the recruiting grounds for terror, and that terror will stalk America and other free nations for decades.
21.16	NP	If our tariffs are to be made equitable, and not necessarily burden our imports and hinder our trade abroad, frequent adjustment will be necessary for years to come.
25.3	NP	I urge this Congress to get together, pursue a bipartisan, market-based solution to climate change, like the one John McCain and Joe Lieberman worked on together a few years ago.
3.6	P	And I'll work to make them strong, for as Benjamin Franklin said: "If a sparrow cannot fall to the ground without His notice, can a great nation rise without His aid?"
6.11	NP	More money will be left in the hands of the consumer by a substantial cut in excise taxes.
10.16	NP	There is vastly greater security, immensely more of the national viewpoint, much larger and prompter accomplishment where our divisions are along party lines, in the broader and loftier sense, than to divide geographically, or according to pursuits, or personal following.
18.15	NP	But it is a good and a useful thing—it is an essential thing—to have principles toward which we can aim.
49.2	P	And a new surge of optimism is placing impossible dreams firmly within our grasp.
11.19	NP	They met, but the surveys requiring more time than had been supposed, and not being then completed, the commissioners again adjourned, to meet at Providence, in the State of Rhode Island, in June next, when we may expect a final examination and decision.
13.9	NP	The long-term economic future for the producers of raw materials also depends on cooperative solutions.
33.5	P	We are the world's most diverse democracy, and the world looks to us to show that it is possible to live and advance together across those kinds of differences.
2.19	NP	If that system was then prudent, it is more so now, as increasing depredations strengthen the reasons for its adoption.
40.3	NP	Now our enemies are also seeking the ability to sabotage our power grid, our financial institutions, our air traffic control systems.
35.16	P	With the hands of the executive branch held impotent to deal with these debts we are hindering urgent readjustments among our debtors and accomplishing nothing for ourselves.
39.13	P	I should say here that we have much reason to be proud of the progress our people are making in mutual understanding--the chief buttress of human and civil rights.
21.6	NP	There's another issue that I've decided to mention here tonight.
45.12	NP	And during each month some 150,000 workers are exhausting their already meager jobless benefit rights.
49.10	P	Special targeting will give special help to the truly disadvantaged among our people.
47.19	NP	The situation of the principal powers of Europe are singular and portentous.
34.19	P	Although I can not yet congratulate you on the reestablishment of peace in Europe and the restoration of security to the persons and properties of our citizens from injustice and violence at sea, we have, nevertheless, abundant cause of gratitude to the source of benevolence and influence for interior tranquillity and personal security, for propitious seasons, prosperous agriculture, productive fisheries, and general improvements, and, above all, for a rational spirit of civil and religious liberty and a calm but steady determination to support our sovereignty, as well as our moral and our religious principles, against all open and secret attacks.
48.16	NP	This means, of course, an added wealth of many times that sum.
28.4	NP	In America, we must make doubly sure no person is held to account for a crime he or she did not commit, so we are dramatically expanding the use of DNA evidence to prevent wrongful conviction.
3.2	P	Our veterans have delivered for this Nation, and now we must deliver for them.
27.14	P	In the European recovery program, in our good-neighbor policy and in the United Nations, we have begun to batter down those national walls which block the economic growth and the social advancement of the peoples of the world.
15.1	NP	Well, after the conviction of George Floyd's murderer, we can see how right she was if we have the courage to act as a Congress.
33.14	NP	Our farmers still face an uncertain future.
22.19	NP	The commissioners appointed agreeably to the 21st article of our treaty with Spain met at Philadelphia in the summer past to examine and decide on the claims of our citizens for losses they have sustained in consequence of their vessels and cargoes having been taken by the subjects of His Catholic Majesty during the late war between Spain and France.
1.5	NP	Whatever our differences, we should balance the budget now.
34.7	NP	To restore fairness to families, we will propose increasing significantly the personal exemption.
28.14	NP	However, certain improvements, which I recommended to the Congress 2 years ago, are needed.
26.6	NP	I should be clear on the conditions attached to my recommendation for the coming year: The savings must be allocated to those priorities for investing in our future that I've spoken about tonight.
10.19	P	The commerce of the United States is essential, if not to their existence, at least to their comfort, their growth, prosperity, and happiness.
35.19	NP	It seldom happens that the consuls can detect this deception, because they have no authority to demand an inspection of the registers and sea letters.
4.12	NP	But I have a different view of liberty.
49.12	P	However, we will do what must be done.
40.2	NP	Nations around the world like Canada, Australia, and many others, have a merit-based immigration system.
19.20	NP	In the arrangements which may be made respecting it it will be of importance to conciliate the comfortable support of the officers and soldiers with a due regard to economy.
14.14	NP	These Federal policies have paid for themselves many times over.
33.2	NP	The office is called VOICE: Victims of Immigration Crime Engagement.
18.18	P	According to these a belligerent takes to itself a commerce with its own enemy which it denies to a neutral on the ground of its aiding that enemy in the war; but reason revolts at such inconsistency, and the neutral having equal right with the belligerent to decide the question, the interests of our constituents and the duty of maintaining the authority of reason, the only umpire between just nations, impose on us the obligation of providing an effectual and determined opposition to a doctrine so injurious to the rights of peaceable nations.
12.2	P	Jamiel's 17-year-old son was viciously murdered by an illegal immigrant gang member who had just been released from prison.
45.17	NP	I shall not go back to debate the causes of the war.
11.8	P	It has been said that our best years are behind us.
4.20	NP	The proper establishment of the troops which may be deemed indispensable will be entitled to mature consideration.
21.3	P	We can fix this, and we will.
7.8	NP	The tax reforms and the tax reductions go together.
14.7	P	And tonight, I've spoken of great plans and great dreams.
9.9	NP	When I became President only 5 months ago, I promised the last Congress a policy of communication, conciliation, compromise, and cooperation.
27.11	NP	I will propose laws to insure the necessary continuity of leadership should the President become disabled or die.
32.7	P	I hope you'll pass and send that legislation to my desk.
0.13	P	It is fortunate in its wealth of educational and cultural and religious centers.
4.9	P	Two days later, that same freshman stood at the back of this great Chamber-over there someplace--as President Truman, all charged up by his single-handed election victory, reported as the Constitution requires on the state of the Union.
40.11	NP	The Great Society asks not how much, but how good; not only how to create wealth but how to use it; not only how fast we are going, but where we are headed.
14.6	NP	And we must stand firm for self-determination and democracy in Central America, including in Nicaragua.
2.6	NP	But in preparing for this trip, I was struck by something I came across from a Chinese writer.
6.19	NP	The sums required for this purpose have in divers instances been disbursed by the consuls of the United States.
3.15	NP	National service legislation would be used only to the extent absolutely required by military necessities.
20.2	P	On this and so many other things, Democrats and Republicans should get together and unite for the good of our country and for the good of the American people.
49.4	NP	And because democracies respect their own people and their neighbors, the advance of freedom will lead to peace.
7.3	NP	But none of it will matter unless we also equip our citizens with the skills and training to fill those jobs.
21.10	NP	As a result, last year, for the first time in 18 years, there has been a halt in the growth of the welfare caseload.
7.21	NP	The instructions given to the commissioners evince a moderation and equity proceeding from a sincere love of peace, and a liberality having no restriction but the essential interests and dignity of the United States.
0.21	NP	The United States ought not to indulge a persuasion that, contrary to the order of human events, they will forever keep at a distance those painful appeals to arms with which the history of every other nation abounds.
40.1	NP	Medicaid contemplated it, but this plan is going to help those families and create jobs for our caregivers with better wages and better benefits, continuing a cycle of growth.
31.11	NP	I propose that we make an all-out campaign against waste and inefficiency.
42.17	P	One very embarrassing obstacle that stands in our way is that we are at war with Germany but not with her allies.
24.12	NP	Business bankruptcies have reached their highest level since the Great Depression.
13.5	NP	Already we have dismantled many of the blocs and barriers that divided our parents' world.
36.4	P	We will not set an artificial timetable for leaving Iraq, because that would embolden the terrorists and make them believe they can wait us out.
5.3	NP	Already, we have brought home 33,000 of our brave service men and women.
5.1	NP	But we can also cooperate when it's in our mutual interest.
9.13	NP	Its problems are many and difficult, because it insists on equality among its members and brings into association some nations traditionally divided.
29.9	NP	Therefore, it is more important than ever that we take steps to control the growth of Federal expenditures.
3.13	NP	But business leaders must, in the national interest, studiously avoid those price rises that are possible only because of vital or unusual needs of the whole nation.
48.15	NP	In the future world the misuse of power, as implied in the term "power politics," must not be a controlling factor in international relations.
7.7	NP	And I ask for the authority, used responsibly by 43 Governors, to veto individual items in appropriation bills.
21.11	P	And so tonight, now, in 1965, we begin a new quest for union.
41.14	NP	Until a system of world security is established upon which we can safely rely, we cannot escape the burden of creating and maintaining armed forces sufficient to deter aggression.
25.14	NP	I explained to you at that time that the task before me was one of the greatest in the history of the world, and that it was necessary to have the complete cooperation of the Congress and the people of the United States.
37.5	P	After all, we have the best workers and the best products.
42.19	NP	The sums awarded by the commissioners have been paid by the British Government.
10.5	NP	We should restore contaminated urban land and buildings to productive use.
44.8	NP	In time of high employment and a strong economy, deficit spending should not be a feature of our budget.
24.8	P	Every American has a stake in our second major goal—a world at peace.
2.8	P	We are a community, a beloved community, all of us.
8.5	NP	With the student population at an all-time high and record numbers of school buildings falling into disrepair, this has now become a serious national concern.
16.10	NP	This will be a plan that maintains the high standards of quality in America's health care.
19.17	NP	Our entrance into the war has not altered our attitude towards the settlement that must come when it is over.
17.7	P	I want to work with you to support the democratic forces whose struggle is tied to our own security.
24.14	NP	We should expand our social security program, both as to the size of the benefits and the extent of coverage, against the economic hazards due to unemployment, old age, sickness, and disability.
48.8	NP	A major step in the right direction would be the early passage of a greatly improved Humphrey-Hawkins bill.
35.2	P	I am asking all Members of Congress to join me in dreaming big and bold, and daring things for our country.
30.6	P	Bright, gifted, personable -- he could have done anything with his life.
28.10	NP	And for the first time ever, we have organized a massive national effort to protect the environment.
34.6	P	The age of the needle on the beaches must end.
1.21	NP	But if the Executive is to be the resort in either of the two last-mentioned cases, it is hoped that he will be authorized by law to have facts ascertained by the courts when for his own information he shall request it.
37.16	NP	The previous Congress, deeply concerned in behalf of our merchant marine, in 1920 enacted the existing shipping law, designed for the upbuilding of the American merchant marine.
28.1	NP	Twelve years is no longer enough today to compete with the rest of the world in the 21st century.
21.8	NP	The strategic arms limitation talks have been long and difficult.
4.6	P	And together, let's put power in the hands of people.
3.11	P	But we have achieved a unity of interest among our people that is unmatched in the history of freedom.
22.8	NP	Inflation is still too high, and too many Americans still do not have a job.
3.1	P	Well, it's time to remember that "We the People" are the Government—you and I.
36.16	NP	These prospects seem to afford every justification of Government advances in reclamation and irrigation.
0.16	P	In these urgent economies we shall be immensely assisted by the budget system for which you made provision in the extraordinary session.
27.17	P	As a nation we are united in spirit and intention.
2.3	NP	Corporate profits have skyrocketed to alltime highs, but for more than a decade, wages and incomes have barely budged.
10.3	NP	Now at schools like P-TECH in Brooklyn, a collaboration between New York Public Schools and City University of New York and IBM, students will graduate with a high school diploma and an associate's degree in computers or engineering.
25.2	P	Megan's story is about the unbounded power of a father's love for a daughter.
16.4	NP	Tomorrow morning Secretary of State Rice departs on a trip that will take her to Israel and the West Bank for meetings with Prime Minister Sharon and President Abbas.
25.8	NP	We've made progress toward that kind of government.
48.5	NP	The roads that take them there can be paths to a better future.
17.2	P	And we've spent trillions and trillions of dollars overseas, while our infrastructure at home has so badly crumbled.
12.5	P	I placed my hand on that verse when I took the oath of office, on behalf of all Americans, for no matter what our differences in our faiths, our backgrounds, our politics, we must all be repairers of the breach.
10.6	NP	In light of the compelling need to reduce the deficit, however, I support a 1-year freeze in the military budget, something I proposed last fall in my flexible freeze plan.
30.1	NP	We've already sent more than 160 million checks out the door.
49.9	NP	Unfortunately, it will increase the size of the budget deficit.
14.9	NP	State and local governments will receive $2 billion in additional revenue sharing to offset their increased energy costs.
4.10	NP	But neither can Ave afford to neglect peace abroad while pursuing progress at home.
26.12	P	We must never be lulled into believing that either power has yielded its ambitions for world domination--ambitions which they forcefully restated only a short time ago.
49.8	NP	But what was new only emphasized clearly what was lost.
22.12	NP	We have neglected oceanography, saline water conversion, and the basic research that lies at the root of all progress.
16.17	NP	Let it be said again that autocracy must first be shown the utter futility of its claims to power or leadership in the modern world.
16.20	P	I embrace with great satisfaction the opportunity which now presents itself of congratulating you on the present favorable prospects of our public affairs.
46.6	NP	And, my friends, we must involve ourselves, each and every one of us in this concern.
43.13	NP	It is a major deterrent to war.
0.8	NP	I am proposing an increase of less than 2 percent after adjusting for inflation-the smallest increase in the Federal budget in 4 years.
45.15	P	Everything we are and have is at stake.
11.14	NP	That statute is the Labor-Management Relations Act of 1947, sometimes called the Taft-Hartley Act.
44.5	NP	I challenge every religious congregation, every community nonprofit, every business to hire someone off welfare.
29.1	P	More than 2 weeks ago in the Rose Garden, surrounded by some of the bravest people I know—the survivors and families who lost loved ones to gun violence—I laid out several of the Department of Justice actions that are being taken to impact on this epidemic.
19.1	NP	Farmers—farmers planting cover crops so they can reduce the carbon dioxide in the air and get paid for doing it.
36.17	P	I hear the voices of dissent; who does not?
10.2	NP	We're going to stop the regulations that threaten the future and livelihood of our great coal miners.
19.4	P	Our generation has dreams of its own, and we also go forward with confidence.
5.7	NP	The Sandinista dictatorship of Nicaragua, with full Cuban-Soviet bloc support, not only persecutes its people, the church, and denies a free press, but arms and provides bases for Communist terrorists attacking neighboring states.
40.13	NP	High priority should be given the school construction bill.
45.5	NP	The human genome project is now decoding the genetic mysteries of life.
1.11	NP	Our goal is to match the achievements of our medicine to the afflictions of our people.
23.12	NP	Obtaining additional air transport mobility--and obtaining it now--will better assure the ability of our conventional forces to respond, with discrimination and speed, to any problem at any spot on the globe at any moment's notice.
34.1	NP	We've talked about it long enough.
45.2	NP	And now, based on our very strong and frank discussions, they are beginning to do just that.
3.17	P	He will show them favor, I devoutly believe, only if they rise to the clear heights of His own justice and mercy.
13.17	P	They desire peace by the overcoming of evil, by the defeat once for all of the sinister forces that interrupt peace and render it impossible, and they wish to know how closely our thought runs with theirs and what action we propose.
16.1	P	I'd like to meet with those who have ideas that are different—they think are better.
43.1	NP	And it's a semiseparate agency; it's under the Defense Department.
24.18	P	The same system of hovering on our coasts and harbors under color of seeking enemies has been also carried on by public armed ships to the great annoyance and oppression of our commerce.
4.21	P	Permit me to bring to your remembrance the magnitude of your task.
41.15	P	Far from having been crushed by the terror of Nazi domination, the French people have emerged with stronger faith than ever in the destiny of their country and in the soundness of the democratic ideals to which the French Nation has contributed so greatly.
32.2	NP	Thomas Edison showed an automatic telegraph and an electric pen.
1.13	NP	By our research and development more efficient weapons-some of amazing capabilities--are being constantly created.
20.6	NP	But I urge the Congress to take the necessary steps to allow the people to decide in a referendum.
17.17	NP	We owe it, however, to ourselves to say that we do not wish in any way to impair or to rearrange the Austro-Hungarian Empire.
0.2	P	But our slow and burdensome approval process at the Food and Drug Administration keeps too many advances, like the one that saved Megan's life, from reaching those in need.
9.18	NP	Still, it will not be expedient to withdraw immediately the whole of our force from that sea.
37.10	NP	I can report to you today that as a result of revenue sharing passed by the Congress, and other measures, we have made progress toward that goal.
19.11	P	More ideas for a beautiful America will emerge from a White House Conference on Natural Beauty which I will soon call.
41.19	NP	Such circumstances call with peculiar importunity not less for a disposition to unite in all those measures on which the honor, safety, and prosperity of our country depend than for all the exertions of wisdom and firmness.
38.18	NP	Some of these injuries may perhaps admit a peaceable remedy.
19.2	NP	We've lost more than one-fourth of our manufacturing jobs since NAFTA was approved, and we've lost 60,000 factories since China joined the World Trade Organization in 2001.
20.12	NP	Mr. Speaker, Mr. Vice President, Members of the Congress:  It is a pleasure to return from whence I came.
11.3	NP	And 4 years ago, we started Race to the Top, a competition that convinced almost every State to develop smarter curricula and higher standards, all for about 1 percent of what we spend on education each year.
6.1	P	Grandparents hugging their children and grandchildren instead of pressing hands against a window to say goodbye.
4.3	NP	We need to give every American student opportunities like this.
28.2	P	The rebellion started as a quiet protest, spoken by families of all colors and creeds, families who just wanted a fair shot for their children and a fair hearing for their concerns.
35.14	NP	Five million families are still living in slums and firetraps.
11.13	P	The appeal of these principles is universal, lighting fires in the souls of men everywhere.
12.14	NP	We cannot maintain prosperity unless we have a fair distribution of opportunity and a widespread consumption of the products of our factories and farms.
26.1	NP	That's why I've introduced the American Families Plan tonight, which addresses four of the biggest challenges facing American families and, in turn, America.
15.16	NP	It is not my purpose to bring to you a program of world restoration.
39.17	P	No representative of any self-governed nation will dare disregard it by attempting any such covenants of selfishness and compromise as were entered into at the Congress of Vienna.
27.13	NP	I shall shortly recommend to the Congress by special message the changes in our immigration laws that I deem necessary in the light of our world responsibilities.
21.15	P	Ours is an association not of governments but of peoples—and the peoples' hope is peace.
41.11	NP	We are moving toward that destiny, never more rapidly than we have moved in the last 4 years.
17.19	NP	Since the decay of the feudal system, by which the public defense was provided for chiefly at the expense of individuals, the system of loans has been introduced, and as no nation can raise within the year by taxes sufficient sums for its defense and military operations in time of war the sums loaned and debts contracted have necessarily become the subjects of what have been called funding systems.
30.7	NP	It's the most hopeful possibility of the nuclear age.
1.7	P	Some say it will bring war to the heavens, but its purpose is to deter war in the heavens and on Earth.
17.6	P	And many Presidents have come to this Chamber in times of great crisis: war and depression, loss of national spirit.
31.8	P	We stand for human rights because we believe that government has as a purpose to promote the well-being of its citizens.
7.15	NP	We have seen already, in areas liberated from the Nazi and the Fascist tyranny, what problems peace will bring.
28.3	P	We should follow the example of a North Miami woman named Desiline Victor.
3.18	NP	The three former purchases are important, in as much as they consolidate disjoined parts of our settled country and render their intercourse secure; and the second particularly so, as, with the small point on the river which we expect is by this time ceded by the Piankeshaws, it completes our possession of the whole of both banks of the Ohio from its source to near its mouth, and the navigation of that river is thereby rendered forever safe to our citizens settled and settling on its extensive waters.
31.3	NP	She was so good to her friends, they all thought they were her best friend.
43.15	NP	International peace and well-being, like national peace and well-being, require constant alertness, continuing cooperation, and organized effort.
37.17	NP	We are seeking permanent, not temporary, foundations for the peace of the world and must seek them candidly and fearlessly.
2.4	NP	For younger workers, the Social Security system has serious problems that will grow worse with time.
24.7	NP	First, the social safety net for the elderly, the needy, the disabled, and unemployed will be left intact.
5.9	P	Great attention has been paid to the considerations of fairness, and I can assure you that the burdens will not fall more harshly on those less able to bear them.
39.4	P	Today, Iran remains the world's primary state sponsor of terror, pursuing nuclear weapons while depriving its people of the freedom they seek and deserve.
46.9	P	If the Congress and the American people will work with me to attain these targets, they will be achieved and will be surpassed.
8.18	NP	These enormities appearing to be unreached by any control of their sovereigns, I found it necessary to equip a force to cruise within our own seas, to arrest all vessels of these descriptions found hovering on our coasts within the limits of the Gulf Stream and to bring the offenders in for trial as pirates.
33.17	P	They do not touch the heart of anything.
47.13	NP	Repeatedly in recent months, the collapse of these regional alliances has been predicted.
33.8	P	But the fact remains that on the energy legislation, we have failed the American people.
21.1	P	My fellow Americans, look, we have to come together to heal the soul of this Nation.
49.11	NP	The community of nations requires mutual respect.
13.13	P	In short, the world has so shrunk that all free nations are our neighbors.
15.10	NP	Let us do everything we can to avoid gasoline rationing in the United States of America.
12.4	P	As President, I have a constitutional responsibility to nominate men and women who understand the role of courts in our democracy and are well-qualified to serve on the bench, and I have done so.
25.17	NP	The practical particulars of the part we have played in them will be laid before you in the reports of the Executive Departments.
23.21	NP	The occurrences which relate to it and have passed under the knowledge of the Executive will be exhibited to Congress in a subsequent communication.
14.17	NP	It is this thought that has been expressed in the formula "No annexations, no contributions, no punitive indemnities."
32.3	P	And they erupted in cheers when she finally put on a sticker that read, "I voted."
19.21	NP	Next to a rigorous execution of justice on the violators of peace, the establishment of commerce with the Indian nations in behalf of the United States is most likely to conciliate their attachment.
14.18	NP	The burthen of quarantines is felt at home as well as abroad; their efficacy merits examination.
35.10	NP	After 40 years of moving power from the States and the communities to Washington, D.C., we have begun moving power back from Washington to the States and communities and, most important, to the people of America.
15.2	P	A new national pride is sweeping across our Nation.
29.15	NP	Although we must plan now for our postwar economy, and enact the necessary legislation, and set up the appropriate agencies for reconversion from war to peace, and lay the foundations for that transition period—all of which we are now doing- it is obviously impossible for us to do anything which might possibly hinder the production for war at this time, when our men are fighting on the frontiers of Germany and dropping bombs on the war industries of Japan.
24.5	NP	But this is about more than economics.
47.1	NP	So how do we pay for my Jobs and Family Plan?
49.17	P	I believe that I speak for them when I say two things: First, that this intolerable Thing of which the masters of Germany have shown us the ugly face, this menace of combined intrigue and force which we now see so clearly as the German power, a Thing without conscience or honor or capacity for covenanted peace, must be crushed and, if it be not utterly brought to an end, at least shut out from the friendly intercourse of the nations; and, second, that when this Thing and its power are indeed defeated and the time comes that we can discuss peace--when the German people have spokesmen whose word we can believe and when those spokesmen are ready in the name of their people to accept the common judgment of the nations as to what shall henceforth be the bases of law and of covenant for the life of the world--we shall be willing and glad to pay the full price for peace, and pay it ungrudgingly.
24.3	NP	I want our country to be like that."
26.21	NP	They are incapable of abuse in the hands of the militia, who ought to possess a pride in being the depository of the force of the Republic, and may be trained to a degree of energy equal to every military exigency of the United States.
7.18	P	Upward of 300,000 able-bodied men between the ages of 18 and 26 years, which the last census shews we may now count within our limits, will furnish a competent # for offense or defense in any point where they may be wanted, and will give time for raising regular forces after the necessity of them shall become certain; and the reducing to the early period of life all its active service can not but be desirable to our younger citizens of the present as well as future times, in as much as it engages to them in more advanced age a quiet and undisturbed repose in the bosom of their families.
27.21	P	After they shall have provided for the present emergency, it will merit their most serious labors to render tranquillity with the savages permanent by creating ties of interest.
6.2	NP	Right now American companies are taxed at one of the highest rates anywhere in the world.
5.5	NP	It will balance the budget and provide middle class tax relief to pay for education and health care, to help to raise a child, to buy and sell a home.
48.17	NP	But from another point of view I believe that it is necessary to say plainly what we here at the seat of action consider the war to be for and what part we mean to play in the settlement of its searching issues.
7.13	NP	These will involve our financial and fiscal affairs, our military and civil defenses; the administration of justice; our agricultural economy; our domestic and foreign commerce; the urgently needed increase in our postal rates; the development of our natural resources; our labor laws, including our labor-management relations legislation, and vital aspects of the health, education and welfare of our people.
10.17	P	You catch, with me, the voices of humanity that are in the air.
23.19	NP	Gentlemen of the House of Representatives:  It is my duty to recommend to your serious consideration those objects which by the Constitution are placed particularly within your sphere - the national debts and taxes.
16.7	P	And tonight I ask you in the Congress to move this year on legislation to protect the unborn.
45.6	P	The scourge of drugs must be stopped.
44.12	NP	The answers are by no means clear.
31.7	P	You know, we only have a military-industrial complex until a time of danger, and then it becomes the arsenal of democracy.
16.5	P	[Applause]  Reverend Schuller, Congressman Tejeda, Governor Locke, along with Kristen Tanner and Chris Getsler, Sue Winski and Dr. Kristen Zarfos, they're all Americans from different roots whose lives reflect the best of what we can become when we are one America.
37.6	P	We must protect the air we breathe.
3.14	NP	The health of our economy and its maintenance at high levels further require that the minimum wage fixed by law should be raised to at least 75 cents an hour.
23.14	NP	Mr. President, Mr. Speaker, Members of the Congress:  I am happy to report to this 81st Congress that the state of the Union is good.
2.11	NP	I will present a budget designed to move the economy forward.
45.8	NP	The third element in our program is a renewed attack on inflation.
20.21	NP	When we contemplate the war on our frontiers, it may be truly affirmed that every reasonable effort has been made to adjust the causes of dissension with the Indians north of the Ohio.
39.3	P	God bless you, and God bless these United States of America.
43.6	NP	And in some cases, the gulfs and oceans off our shores hold the promise of oil and gas reserves which can make our nation more secure and less dependent on foreign oil.
46.19	NP	Their sittings have been interrupted, but are now resumed.
32.9	NP	Three-quarters would go to individuals and one-quarter to promote business investment.
48.9	NP	We will not solve it at home unless we help to remedy the profound economic dislocation abroad.
46.14	NP	So far as business is concerned, it should plan for steady, vigorous expansion--seeking always to increase its output, lower its prices, and avoid the vices of monopoly and restriction.
9.12	P	But Communist domination in this Hemisphere can never be negotiated.
16.2	NP	If they must, they have to fight and they only have to win.
42.15	NP	I am clear in my own mind that, as an essential factor in the maintenance of world peace in the future, we must have universal military training after this war, and I shall send a special message to the Congress on this subject.
18.5	P	We started as an experiment in democracy fueled by Europeans.
6.20	P	Still further to realize their expectations and to secure the blessings which a gracious Providence has placed within our reach will in the course of the present important session call for the cool and deliberate exertion of your patriotism, firmness, and wisdom.
0.1	NP	It's, I believe, the overwhelming reason that propelled us to where we got in the 21st—in the 20th century.
37.15	P	To do this we must be on our guard not to exploit and exaggerate the differences between us and our Allies, particularly with reference to the peoples who have been liberated from Fascist tyranny.
24.13	NP	As we attempt to apply them to current events, domestic and foreign, we must take into account the complex entity that is the United States of America; what endangers it; what can improve it.
2.14	NP	I again recommend action be taken by the Congress to approve the St. Lawrence Seaway and Power project.
18.21	NP	Without an unprejudiced coolness the welfare of the Government may be hazarded; without harmony as far as consists with freedom of sentiment its dignity may be lost.
3.9	NP	Now, I want to speak very bluntly.
32.14	NP	We are acutely short of electric power, although the means for developing such power are abundant.
26.7	P	We've seen a powerful new current from an old and honorable tradition—American generosity.
4.2	NP	At the same time, my administration has answered the pleas of the American people for immigration enforcement and border security.
11.15	NP	At Army hospitals in the United States there is only one nurse to twenty-six beds, instead of one to fifteen beds, as there should be.
8.3	NP	Let's put people back to work rebuilding vacant homes in rundown neighborhoods.
5.2	P	And we all are made by the same God.
0.15	P	But—we and our Allies will go on fighting together to ultimate total victory.
38.5	NP	In a truly open market, we can out-compete anyone, anywhere on Earth.
39.10	P	And we will start on a new road toward reform of a welfare system that bleeds the taxpayer, corrodes the community, and demeans those it is intended to assist.
10.21	NP	It rests with the wisdom of Congress to correct, improve, or enforce this plan of procedure; and it will probably be found expedient to extend the legal code and the jurisdiction of the courts of the United States to many cases which, though dependent on principles already recognized, demand some further provisions.
4.5	P	We already know we should start teaching children before they start school.
25.16	P	It is easy to believe a world-hope is centered on this Capital City.
23.7	NP	Four years ago we said we would invigorate our economy by giving people greater freedom and incentives to take risks and letting them keep more of what they earned.
37.13	NP	All requests will reflect the steadfast purpose of this Administration to pursue peace, based on justice.
10.9	P	America needs a new direction, which I have sought to chart here today--a change of course which will: put the unemployed back to work; increase real income and production; restrain the growth of Federal Government spending; achieve energy independence; and advance the cause of world understanding.
18.14	P	This great Republic is foremost among the nations of the world in the search for peace.
32.11	NP	Our continued prosperity demands continued price stability.
16.3	NP	Those States with the best ideas to create jobs and lower energy bills by constructing more efficient buildings will receive Federal support to help make that happen.
3.3	NP	It could mean the difference between groceries or the food bank, rent or eviction, scraping by or finally getting ahead.
38.16	NP	No legislation can cure that fundamental law.
41.9	NP	In recent years, under the stress of the Vietnam war, legislative restrictions on the President's ability to execute foreign policy and military decisions have proliferated.
24.16	P	But even that divergence has now come to the point where we bracket the very poor and the very rich together as the least fortunate classes.
49.1	NP	Sometimes, I have arguments with my friends in the Democratic Party.
14.21	NP	Nor can such arrangements, with such objects, be exposed to the censure or jealousy of the warmest friends of republican government.
40.12	NP	Secondly, we must improve our economic tools.
28.8	NP	In a democratic system like ours, foreign policy decisions must be able to stand the test of public examination and public debate.
11.20	P	In one in which the measures of government receive their impressions so immediately from the sense of the community as in ours it is proportionably essential.
14.8	P	We Americans have a great deal of work to do together.
27.15	P	We ourselves, like all peoples who have gone through the difficult processes of liberation and adjustment, know of our own experience how great the difficulties can be.
4.4	P	To promote peace in the broader Middle East, we must confront regimes that continue to harbor terrorists and pursue weapons of mass murder.
40.10	NP	Therefore, I urge again that the energy measures that I have proposed be made the first priority of this session of the Congress.
13.8	P	We are a confident people and a hardworking people, a decent and a compassionate people—and so we will remain.
0.4	P	She said, "Hearing those explosions, it occurred to me: The insurgents are weak; they are afraid of democracy; they are losing.
49.16	NP	In the main the remedy lies in distribution and marketing.
3.10	NP	I do not say this with any sense of belligerence, because I recognize the fact that is recognized around the world.
37.12	P	The present state of our economy is disturbing.
26.9	P	It will require sacrifices, but it--and this is most important--it will work.
12.21	P	But as the legislative proceedings of the United States will never, I trust, be reproached for the want of temper or of candor, so shall not the public happiness languish from the want of my strenuous and warmest cooperation.
8.4	P	Yet the terrorists' most powerful myth is being destroyed.
26.10	NP	In a special message last week, I recommended a number of important new measures that can make 1974 a year of truly significant advances for our schools and for the children they serve.
30.12	NP	In order to be prepared to help re-establish historic ties of friendship, I am asking the Congress for increased discretion to use economic tools in this area whenever this is found to be clearly in the national interest.
14.10	NP	As we look back over our history, the years that stand out as the ones of signal achievement are those in which the Administration and the Congress, whether one party or the other, working together, had the wisdom and the foresight to select those particular initiatives for which the Nation was ready and the moment was right--and in which they seized the moment and acted.
14.5	NP	For the first time, more people live under democracy than dictatorship, including every nation in our own hemisphere but one, and its day, too, will come.
15.13	NP	From time to time, there will be presented to the Congress requests for other legislation in the broad field of international affairs.
48.3	NP	Most middle class parents can't afford a few hundred bucks a week for a private preschool.
17.9	NP	We must strike a reasonable compromise on environmental concerns with coal.
36.14	P	The heart of our foreign policy is peace.
21.4	P	And best of all, the money in the account is yours, and the Government can never take it away.
29.10	P	And the time has come, therefore, for a major initiative to define the nature and extent of the basic rights of privacy and to erect new safeguards to ensure that those rights are respected.
10.8	P	What I saw in those two places crystalized for me the purposes of our own Nation's policy: to ensure economic justice, to advance human rights, to resolve conflicts without violence, and to proclaim in our great democracy our constant faith in the liberty and dignity of human beings everywhere.
13.12	P	The news will be worse before it is better.
31.5	NP	The new promise of the global economy, the information age, unimagined new work, life-enhancing technology, all these are ours to seize.
22.14	NP	In 1945, when I came down before the Congress for the first time on April 16, I quoted to you King Solomon's prayer that he wanted wisdom and the ability to govern his people as they should be governed.
30.10	P	And the time has come, my colleagues, for not only the Executive, the President, but the Members of Congress, for all of us to join together in devoting our full energies to these great issues that I have discussed tonight which involve the welfare of all of the American people in so many different ways, as well as the peace of the world.
46.15	P	Here, as in England; in England, as in Russia; in Russia, as in China; in France, and through the continent of Europe, and throughout the world; wherever men love freedom, the hope and purpose of the people are for peace- a peace that is durable and secure.
15.8	NP	The treaties now before the Senate are the result of the work of four administrations-two Democratic, two Republican.
25.13	NP	Should we persistently fail to discipline ourselves, eventually there will be increasing pressure on government to redress the failure.
27.18	NP	Measures have been already taken for furnishing them with heavy cannon for the service of such land batteries as may make a part of their defense against armed vessels approaching them.
5.20	NP	Uniformity in the currency, weights, and measures of the United States is an object of great importance, and will, I am persuaded, be duly attended to.
17.15	NP	The high tide of this German attack was reached two days after Christmas.
6.17	NP	I shall not undertake to retail or even to summarize those events.
7.2	P	It is not compassionate, but reckless to allow uncontrolled entry from places where proper vetting cannot occur.
38.17	NP	She had built up for herself a real empire of trade and influence, secured by the peace of the world.
48.4	P	We are standing for the freedom of our Iraqi friends, and freedom in Iraq will make America safer for generations to come.
44.1	NP	The American Jobs Plan will create jobs that will lay thousands of miles of transmission lines needed to build a resilient and fully clean grid.
32.16	NP	These resources are so vast, and the development is affording so reliable a basis of estimate, that the Interior Department expresses the belief that ultimately the present law will add in royalties and payments to the treasuries of the Federal Government and the States containing these public lands a total of $12,000,000,000.
38.15	P	We have no question of the ultimate victory.
10.18	NP	The Chickasaws and Cherokees have sold us the country between and adjacent to the two districts of Tennessee, and the Creeks the residue of their lands in the fork of the Ocmulgee up to the Ulcofauhatche.
22.17	NP	The government of Austria-Hungary is not acting upon its own initiative or in response to the wishes and feelings of its own peoples but as the instrument of another nation.
14.13	P	Yet we must not delude ourselves that safety necessarily increases as expenditures for military research or forces in being go up.
7.6	P	But beyond that, we must clean up the old mess that's been left behind.
2.5	NP	Ninth, in the 21st century, we must expand the frontiers of learning across a lifetime.
41.18	NP	Since our last meeting the aspect of our foreign relations has considerably changed.
20.14	NP	If our free enterprise economy is to be strong and healthy, we must reinvigorate the forces of competition.
36.13	NP	Steadily we are moving closer to the goal of fair and equal treatment of citizens without regard to race or color.
3.12	NP	Open and peaceful competition--for prestige, for markets, for scientific achievement, even for men's minds--is something else again.
17.16	NP	The right of labor to organize is just as fundamental and necessary as is the right of capital to organize.
16.19	P	Therefore, after taking measures to ascertain the state and decline of the sickness, I postponed my determination, having hopes, now happily realized, that, without hazard to the lives or health of the members, Congress might assemble at this place, where it was next by law to meet.
22.3	NP	And to make sure taxpayers don't shoulder the whole burden, I'm also proposing a partnership to rebuild America that attracts private capital to upgrade what our businesses need most: modern ports to move our goods, modern pipelines to withstand a storm, modern schools worthy of our children.
17.20	P	The welfare of our country is the great object to which our cares and efforts ought to be directed, and I shall derive great satisfaction from a cooperation with you in the pleasing though arduous task of insuring to our fellow citizens the blessings which they have a right to expect from a free, efficient, and equal government.
37.4	P	She says of her country, "We were occupied for 35 years by Saddam Hussein.
26.17	P	For this we can fight, but for nothing less noble or less worthy of our traditions.
8.11	NP	We will take this step with new programs of help for the basic community facilities and for neighborhood centers of health and recreation.
20.8	NP	With careful planning, efficient management, and proper restraint on spending, we can move rapidly toward a balanced budget—and we will.
42.5	NP	Since I took office, funding for AIDS research at the National Institutes of Health has increased dramatically to $1.5 billion.
38.11	P	Most important of all, in this period, the United States has reemerged into the fullness of its self-confidence and purpose.
28.9	NP	My recent discussions with the leaders of the Atlantic community, Japan, and South Korea have contributed to meeting the common challenge.
11.5	NP	That is my plan, a call to action for American education.
29.11	NP	New laboratories and centers will help our schools--help them lift their standards of excellence and explore new methods of teaching.
17.13	NP	Next, to the Eastward, are Asiatic and Far Eastern peoples, recently returned to independent control of their own affairs or now emerging into sovereign statehood.
49.18	NP	Considerable provision has been made under former authorities from Congress of material for the construction of ships of war of 74 guns.
38.3	P	So let's set party interests aside and work to pass a budget that replaces reckless cuts with smart savings and wise investments in our future.
32.12	P	It was here, for 14 years, that I gained both knowledge and inspiration from members of both parties in both Houses--from your wise and generous leaders--and from the pronouncements which I can vividly recall, sitting where you now sit--including the programs of two great Presidents, the undimmed eloquence of Churchill, the soaring idealism of Nehru, the steadfast words of General de Gaulle.
11.1	NP	From the very beginning, there were certain guns, weapons, that could not be owned by Americans.
10.10	NP	Let me speak to that issue head on.
21.2	P	Their names are Jamiel Shaw, Susan Oliver, Jenna Oliver, and Jessica Davis.
47.6	NP	And if you look back, one thing is so striking about the way the Founding Fathers looked at America.
47.11	NP	THE TASK  Our basic task is threefold:  First, to keep our economy growing;  --to open for all Americans the opportunity that is now enjoyed by most Americans;  --and to improve the quality of life for all.
24.15	NP	First—it would assure that we have the right numbers of workers in the right places at the right times.
12.1	NP	We're at a great inflection point in history.
6.21	NP	Under these impressions the proclamation which will be laid before you was issued.
20.18	P	An operation by land by a small band of our country-men and others, engaged for the occasion in conjunction with the troops of the ex-Bashaw of that country, gallantly conducted by our late consul, Eaton, and their successful enterprise on the city of Derne, contributed doubtless to the impression which produced peace, and the conclusion of this prevented opportunities of which the officers and men of our squadron destined for Tripoli would have availed themselves to emulate the acts of valor exhibited by their brethren in the attack of the last year.
45.19	NP	I have received intelligence of the arrival of both of them in Holland, from whence they all proceeded on their journeys to Paris within a few days of the 19th of September.
6.14	NP	We must extend our programs of soil conservation.
15.14	NP	Even this number of units will not begin to meet our need for new housing.
15.20	NP	In resuming your consultations for the general good you can not but derive encouragement from the reflection that the measures of the last session have been as satisfactory to your constituents as the novelty and difficulty of the work allowed you to hope.
8.16	P	There is now, and there always will be, a storm of conflicting opinion about any tariff revision.
25.21	NP	An estimate of the appropriations necessary for the current service of the ensuing year and a statement of a purchase of arms and military stores made during the recess will be presented to Congress.
11.7	NP	Despite our strides in civil rights, blacks, Hispanics, and all minorities will not have full and equal power until they have full economic power.
16.9	NP	I am submitting Clean Air [Act] amendments which will allow greater coal use without sacrificing clean air goals.
39.2	NP	By finally enforcing our immigration laws, we will raise wages, help the unemployed, save billions and billions of dollars, and make our communities safer for everyone.
37.7	NP	Support for freedom fighters is self-defense and totally consistent with the OAS and U.N.
42.11	P	We seek not to dominate others but to strengthen the freedom of all people.
43.17	NP	It is impossible to apply any standard of justice so long as such forces are unchecked and undefeated as the present masters of Germany command.
44.14	NP	Fourth, to continue the priorities and allocation authority in the field of transportation.
28.13	P	The forces now at work in the minds and hearts of men will not be spent through.
14.3	NP	And I ask this Congress to declare that women should earn a living equal to their efforts, and finally pass the "Paycheck Fairness Act" this year.
23.10	NP	What is true in terms of our domestic initiatives is true also in the world.
24.9	NP	Business taxes are similarly distorted because inflation exaggerates reported profits, resulting in excessive taxes.
21.9	NP	In comparable dollars, the average income of the American family has doubled during the past 26 years.
20.3	NP	And how do we make sure that hard work leads to a decent living?
43.5	NP	America must continue to be an unrelenting force for peace from the Middle East to Haiti, from Northern Ireland to Africa.
18.10	P	Five years ago--as young Americans bad done for a generation before that-America's youth still lived under the shadow of the military draft.
41.4	NP	Tonight, with a healthy, growing economy, with more Americans going back to work, with our Nation an active force for good in the world, the state of our Union is confident and strong.
41.12	NP	While the current deficit lasts, ways will be found to ease our dollar outlays abroad without placing the full burden on the families of men whom we have asked to serve our Flag overseas.
35.15	NP	Although unprecedented production figures have made possible our victories, we shall have to increase our goals in certain weapons even more.
26.4	NP	Today, more than 45 million Americans receive Social Security benefits, and millions more are nearing retirement.
2.10	NP	We will establish a new system that makes high-quality health care available to every American in a dignified manner and at a price he can afford.
43.4	P	Our generation has been blessed by the expansion of opportunity, by advances in medicine, by the security purchased by our parents' sacrifice.
13.6	NP	So, I'm asking to fund new acquisitions under the Land and Water Conservation Fund.
13.19	NP	Their cities have been formed and exist upon commerce.
25.10	P	Let us see for a moment how we have met them.
34.10	NP	For the first time in a generation, no young Americans are being drafted into the armed services of the United States.
5.13	P	They have been of the head--not of the heart.
28.7	NP	New laser techniques could revolutionize heart bypass surgery, cut diagnosis time for viruses linked to cancer from weeks to minutes, reduce hospital costs dramatically, and hold out new promise for saving human lives.
22.9	NP	In order that we make greater use of domestic coal resources, I am submitting amendments to the Energy Supply and Environmental Coordination Act which will greatly increase the number of powerplants that can be promptly converted to coal.
47.15	NP	Last year, after much consideration, I recommended that the Congress adopt a National Service Act as the most efficient and democratic way of insuring full production for our war requirements.
34.9	NP	There will be more cuts recommended in the budget that I will submit.
2.7	P	Many are victims of dictatorships that impoverished them with taxation and corruption.
12.15	NP	Workers who are released because their war production is cut back should get another job where war production is being increased.
0.12	P	Let every public servant know, whether his post is high or low, that a man's rank and reputation in this Administration will be determined by the size of the job he does, and not by the size of his staff, his office or his budget.
28.16	P	No action can change the status of the many billions outstanding, but we can guard against future encouragement of capital's paralysis, while a halt in the growth of public indebtedness would be beneficial throughout our whole land.
13.3	NP	Home purchases are up nearly 50 percent, and construction is expanding again.
10.12	P	Let the public service be a proud and lively career.
40.19	NP	Although measures have been taken to counteract these infractions of our rights, to prevent Indian hostilities, and to preserve entire their attachment to the United States, it is my duty to observe that to give a better effect to these measures and to obviate the consequences of a repetition of such practices a law providing adequate punishment for such offenses may be necessary.
7.17	NP	Those who desire to bring peace about before that purpose is achieved I counsel to carry their advice elsewhere.
39.15	P	I quote from an editorial in the Stars and Stripes, our soldiers' own newspaper in Europe:  "For the holy love of God let's listen to the dead.
39.18	NP	These payments, with those which had been made in 3 years and a half preceding, have extinguished of the funded debt nearly $18M of principal.
38.12	P	Our cities are being engulfed in squalor.
14.4	NP	Under the No Child Left Behind Act, standards are higher, test scores are on the rise, and we're closing the achievement gap for minority students.
46.1	NP	First is access to a good education.
44.3	NP	Through tax credits, grants, and better loans, we've made college more affordable for millions of students and families over the last few years.
27.6	NP	Let me be clear: Insured depositors will continue to be fully protected, but any plan to refinance the system must be accompanied by major reform.
5.15	P	In these days, our thoughts and our hopes and our prayers are with our sons and brothers, our loved ones who are far from home.
39.9	NP	We depend on others for essential energy.
11.16	NP	It were better to, remain on firm ground, strive for ample employment and high standards of wage at home, and point the way to balanced budgets, rigid economies, and resolute, efficient work as the necessary remedies to cure disaster.
6.9	NP	But in all honesty, we cannot put all of the blame on the oil-exporting nations.
45.4	P	And the victory of freedom in Iraq will strengthen a new ally in the war on terror, inspire democratic reformers from Damascus to Tehran, bring more hope and progress to a troubled region, and thereby lift a terrible threat from the lives of our children and grandchildren.
45.9	NP	This cash rebate to individuals amounts to 12 percent of 1974 tax payments-a total cut of $12 billion, with a maximum of $1,000 per return.
44.19	P	In connection with this unpleasant state of things on our western frontier it is proper for me to mention the attempts of foreign agents to alienate the affections of the Indian nations and to excite them to actual hostilities against the United States.
7.9	NP	It includes: excise taxes and import fees totaling $2 per barrel on product imports and on all crude oil; deregulation of new natural gas and enactment of a natural gas excise tax.
20.9	NP	If we can show that this Nation is able and willing to help other nations meet the common challenge, it can demonstrate that the United States will fulfill its responsibilities as a leader among nations.
18.12	P	We cannot escape our dangers--neither must we let them drive us into panic or narrow isolation.
22.7	P	When I was growing up, we failed to see how a new thing called radio would transform our marketplace.
49.3	NP	Now, our work must begin by making some basic decisions about our budget, decisions that will have a huge impact on the strength of our recovery.
35.4	NP	And it should not be a small matter to the United States Congress.
5.14	P	Our democratic ideals are often thwarted by prejudice and intolerance.
46.7	P	But no citizen need tremble, nor the world shudder, if a child stands in a classroom and breathes a prayer.
12.12	NP	Economic prophecy is at best an uncertain art--as demonstrated by the prediction one year ago from this same podium that 1960 would be, and I quote, "the most prosperous year in our history."
38.14	NP	Moreover, we need--and we must have without further delay--a system of prepaid medical insurance which will enable every American to afford good medical care.
27.5	NP	We should pass flextime, so workers can choose to be paid for overtime in income or trade it in for time off to be with their families.
17.21	P	Since the commencement of the term for which I have been again called into office no fit occasion has arisen for expressing to me fellow citizens at large the deep and respectful sense which I feel of the renewed testimony of public approbation.
47.12	NP	But today, were I to offer--after little more than a week in office--detailed legislation to remedy every national ill, the Congress would rightly wonder whether the desire for speed had replaced the duty of responsibility.
32.19	P	Gentlemen of the Senate and Gentlemen of the House of Representatives:  We are met together at a most interesting period.
29.4	NP	We will help an additional 200,000 workers to get training for a better career by reforming our job training system and strengthening America's community colleges.
28.11	NP	It will help at every stage along the road to learning.
7.11	NP	It proposes as the first test for a nation: the quality of its people.
20.13	NP	A program designed to meet emergency needs for more classrooms should be enacted without delay.
36.7	P	We must stand by all our democratic allies.
20.17	P	Just because this crude formula expresses the instinctive judgment as to right of plain men everywhere it has been made diligent use of by the masters of German intrigue to lead the people of Russia astray, and the people of every other country their agents could reach, in order that a premature peace might be brought about before autocracy has been taught its final and convincing lesson, and the people of the world put in control of their own destinies.
38.6	P	To those 37 million Americans with some form of disability, you belong in the economic mainstream.
5.11	NP	In this period no new nation has become Communist, and the unity of the Communist empire has begun to crumble.
41.16	NP	It is no radical departure, in view of varying conditions and the disordered state of money values, to provide for American valuation, but there can not be ignored the danger of such a valuation, brought to the level of our own production costs, making our tariffs prohibitive.
47.14	NP	We are turning out far more goods and more wealth per worker than we have ever done before.
1.2	P	Your loved ones will never, ever be forgotten.
26.14	NP	Farm price supports are an essential part of our program to achieve these ends.
14.12	NP	Wishing it, predicting it, even asking for it, will not make it so.
14.1	NP	It's estimated to be billions of dollars by think tanks that are left, right, and center.
23.17	NP	From every point of view, therefore, it has seemed to be my duty to speak these declarations of purpose, to add these specific interpretations to what I took the liberty of saying to the Senate in January.
28.17	NP	Eight months have elapsed since I last had the honor of addressing you.
46.10	NP	As we look at America today, we find ourselves challenged by new problems.
43.11	NP	I hope to repay these visits to some of our friends in Europe this year.
11.6	NP	My budget contains full funding, on schedule, for the clean coal technology agreement that we've made with Canada.
44.15	NP	We know that they are not difficulties peculiar to any continent or any Nation.
7.5	P	For too long, this bill has been sitting on that desk there without action.
15.15	P	He wants, he needs, and he is entitled to insist upon, our full and active support—now.
30.3	NP	So the United States will join with our allies to eradicate such extreme poverty in the next two decades by connecting more people to the global economy, by empowering women, by giving our young and brightest minds new opportunities to serve and helping communities to feed and power and educate themselves, by saving the world's children from preventable deaths, and by realizing the promise of an AIDS-free generation, which is within our reach.
3.5	NP	So let's set our own deadline.
7.14	NP	The American people have decided that poverty is just as wasteful and just as unnecessary as preventable disease.
25.18	P	In reviewing these injuries from some of the belligerent powers the moderation, the firmness, and the wisdom of the Legislature will be called into action.
27.7	NP	Each added percentage point per year of real GNP growth will lead to cumulative reduction in deficits of nearly $200 billion over 5 years.
35.8	P	Despite the inevitable pressures that build up when the world economy suffers from high unemployment, we must firmly resist the demands for self-defeating protectionism.
29.2	P	[Laughter] And they wanted me to ride one, and I said, "No, thank you."
23.2	NP	I believe strongly in free trade, but it also has to be fair trade.
47.4	NP	To promote this democracy, I will ask Congress for $350 million to support Palestinian political, economic, and security reforms.
43.10	NP	And we will continue our efforts to promote peaceful economic development in Latin America, in Africa, in Asia.
29.18	NP	We ought still to hope that time and a more correct estimate of interest as well as of character will produce the justice we are bound to expect, but should any nation deceive itself by false calculations, and disappoint that expectation, we must join in the unprofitable contest of trying which party can do the other the most harm.
30.17	NP	Additional legislation may also become necessary before the present Congress again adjourns in order to effect the most efficient coordination and operation of the railway and other transportation systems of the country; but to that I shall, if circumstances should demand, call the attention of the Congress upon another occasion.
15.3	NP	They do expect us to forge reasonable compromise where we can.
32.18	P	In a government bottomed on the will of all the life and liberty of every individual citizen become interesting to all.
0.5	NP	Their proposal would curb spending, reduce the role of special interests, create a level playing field between challengers and incumbents, and ban contributions from noncitizens, all corporate sources, and the other large soft money contributions that both parties receive.
32.8	NP	This is a precious opportunity for a historic settlement of a longstanding conflict—an opportunity which may never come again in our lifetime.
9.8	NP	It's based on four principles:  First, the economy must keep on expanding to produce new jobs and better income, which our people need.
43.3	P	Our actions will not prevent every senseless act of violence in this country.
30.18	NP	I can not, then, but earnestly recommend to your early consideration the expediency of so modifying our militia system as, by a separation of the more active part from that which is less so, we may draw from it when necessary an efficient corps fit for real and active service, and to be called to it in regular rotation.
49.14	NP	Well now, we are taking a new start with the same situation.
29.13	NP	These principles motivate our actions within the United Nations.
7.16	NP	Clearly the States would not ratify to their own apparent disadvantage.
36.8	NP	But it has been constructive and it has been necessary, and it will continue.
21.5	NP	And those students in Illinois tied for first in the world in science and came in second in math.
47.18	NP	Under every motive from character and duty to certify the truth, I have no doubt they have faithfully executed this injunction.
27.4	P	Our second great responsibility to our children and grandchildren is to honor and to pass along the values that sustain a free society.
2.2	NP	Our allies will find that America is once again ready to lead.
24.19	NP	Indeed, whatever may be the issue of the negotiation with France, and whether the war in Europe is or is not to continue, I hold it most certain that permanent tranquillity and order will not soon be obtained.
10.20	P	Knowledge is in every country the surest basis of public happiness.
15.18	NP	Where that is competent it is always the most desirable.
7.10	NP	Let this be our national goal: At the end of this decade, in the year 1980, the United States will not be dependent on any other country for the energy we need to provide our jobs, to heat our homes, and to keep our transportation moving.
4.13	NP	They make for higher prices for the public generally and impose a particular hardship on those whose welfare depends on the purchasing power of retirement income and savings.
27.16	NP	I suggest the consideration because the drift of wealth into nontaxable securities is hindering the flow of large capital to our industries, manufacturing, agricultural, and carrying, until we are discouraging the very activities which make our wealth.
31.19	NP	The consuls have in these cases also advanced moneys for their relief.
42.2	P	We have withdrawn the United States from the job-killing Trans-Pacific Partnership.
26.13	NP	Our Nation has made great strides in assuring a modern defense, so armed in new weapons, so deployed, so equipped, that today our security force is the most powerful in our peacetime history.
32.5	NP	They can help us end social promotions, for no child should move from grade school to junior high or junior high to high school until he or she is ready.
49.19	NP	I have entertained an expectation that it would have been in my power at the opening of this session to have communicated to you the agreeable information of the due execution of our treaty with His Catholic Majesty respecting the withdrawing of his troops from our territory and the demarcation of the line of limits, but by the latest authentic intelligence Spanish garrisons were still continued within our country, and the running of the boundary line had not been commenced.
40.8	NP	We are hard at work with Great Britain and the Soviet Union on an agreement which will stop testing and will protect our national security and provide for adequate verification of compliance.
3.21	NP	From the papers and intelligence which relate to this important subject you will determine whether the deficiency in the number of troops granted by law shall be compensated by succors of militia, or additional encouragements shall be proposed to recruits.
2.17	NP	They were allowed to have no opinion of their own which might be set up as a rule of conduct for those who exercised authority over them.
36.2	NP	But to break the cycle of poverty, we must also break the cycle of violence.
32.15	P	Our men have fought with indescribable and unforgettable gallantry under most difficult conditions.
31.1	P	I urge the House to do the same and send that legislation to my desk, which I will gladly, anxiously sign.
32.1	NP	And that would—here's what it would do.
15.19	NP	In short, commerce has made this country what it is, and it can not be destroyed or neglected without involving the people in poverty and distress.
33.16	NP	It only looks to a general policy of transportation of distributed industry, and of highway construction, to encourage the spread of our population and restore the proper balance between city and country.
30.2	P	And they will do it quickly, and they will be very, very happy, indeed.
24.4	P	Ladies and gentlemen, with grateful hearts we honor freedom's defenders and our military families, represented here this evening by Sergeant Norwood's mom and dad, Janet and Bill Norwood.
7.19	NP	Under this view of our affairs, I should hold myself guilty of a neglect of duty if I forbore to recommend that we should make every exertion to protect our commerce and to place our country in a suitable posture of defense as the only sure means of preserving both.
34.12	NP	A series of executive orders, legislative remedies and cooperative efforts with our allies will get underway immediately--aimed at attracting foreign investment and travel to this country-promoting American exports, at stable prices and with more liberal government guarantees and financing--curbing tax and customs loopholes that encourage undue spending of private dollars abroad--and (through OECD, NATO and otherwise) sharing with our allies all efforts to provide for the common defense of the free world and the hopes for growth of the less developed lands.
6.8	P	There is all across our land a growing sense of peace and a sense of common purpose.
11.21	NP	But it ought to be conducted without fraud, without extortion, with constant and plentiful supplies, with a ready market for the commodities of the Indians and a stated price for what they give in payment and receive in exchange.
40.18	NP	In the course of your session you shall receive all the aid which I can give for the dispatch of public business, and all the information necessary for your deliberations, of which the interests of our own country and the confidence reposed in us by others will admit a communication.
38.10	NP	I will follow the precedent that has been followed by and defended by every President from George Washington to Lyndon B. Johnson of never doing anything that weakens the Office of the President of the United States or impairs the ability of the Presidents of the future to make the great decisions that are so essential to this Nation and the world.
45.3	NP	For businesses across the country, it would mean customers with more money in their pockets.
40.9	NP	This continuing tax cut will primarily benefit lower- and middle-income taxpayers.
19.7	NP	Growth of our major health care programs, Medicare and Medicaid, will be slowed, but protections for the elderly and needy will be preserved.
0.9	NP	I am therefore recommending that the 1-year investment tax credit of 12 percent be extended an additional 2 years to specifically speed the construction of powerplants that do not use natural gas or oil.
42.10	P	Throughout the 5 years that I have served as your President, I have had one overriding aim, and that was to establish a new structure of peace in the world that can free future generations of the scourge of war.
19.8	NP	This sense of unity cannot be expressed in programs or in legislation or in dollars.
12.19	NP	For these advances they reasonably expect reimbursements from the United States.
12.8	NP	And we will also provide strong additional incentives for business investment and growth through substantial cuts in the corporate tax rates and improvement in the investment tax credit.
23.18	NP	In aid of these it is desirable we should have a competent number of gun boats, and the number, to be competent, must be considerable.
19.9	P	We are a great Nation--spiritually, politically, militarily, diplomatically, and economically.
5.6	NP	I propose to make permanent the tax credit for research and development.
37.14	P	Our minimum wages are far too low.
17.11	NP	We are entering the third century of the pursuit of American union.
39.14	P	Our schools, in many localities, are utterly inadequate.
10.1	P	We have stared into the abyss of insurrection and autocracy, pandemic and pain, and "We the People" did not flinch.
9.1	NP	A recent study shows that 55 of the nation's biggest corporations paid zero Federal tax last year.
39.8	P	It undermines our national interest both at home and abroad.
48.11	NP	It is based on the realities of common interests and common values, common dangers and common expectations.
9.17	P	We are in fact fighting for their emancipation from fear, along with our own--from the fear as well as from the fact of unjust attack by neighbors or rivals or schemers after world empire.
12.17	P	It ought to be brought under the patronage of its real friends.
29.14	NP	Seventh, to provide standby authority to impose price ceilings for scarce commodities which basically affect essential industrial production or the cost of living, and to limit unjustified wage adjustments which would force a break in an established price ceiling.
12.16	NP	It would be ungracious to withhold acknowledgment of the really large volume and excellent quality of work accomplished by the extraordinary session of Congress which so recently adjourned.
6.6	P	And to the young people of America, who sometimes feel left out, I ask you tonight to give us the benefit of your talent and energy through a new program called YES, for Youth Entering Service to America.
41.2	P	I just met with officials and workers from a great American company, Harley-Davidson.
24.6	NP	And at the very least, when a President proposes to rescind Federal spending, the Congress should be required to vote on that proposal instead of killing it by inaction.
2.1	NP	China and other countries are closing in fast.
17.3	P	After years of grueling recession, our businesses have created over 6 million new jobs.
22.10	NP	This period we now are in, in the world--and I say this as one who has seen so much of the world, not only in these past 5 years but going back over many years--we are in a period which presents a juncture of historic forces unique in this century.
36.11	P	There are older and deeper sources--in the misery of nations and in man's irrepressible ambition for liberty and a better life.
8.1	P	In my conversations with world leaders—and I've spoken to over 38, 40 of them now—I've made it known—I've made it known—that America is back.
16.8	P	Inflation slows down economic growth, and it's the most cruel to the poor and also to the elderly and others who live on fixed incomes.
2.21	NP	Although the proposed treaty did not arrest the progress of military preparation, it is doubtful how far the advance of the season, before good faith justified active movements, may retard them during the remainder of the year.
24.2	P	Remember when you were told that you could keep your doctor and keep your plan?
48.6	NP	The causes of homelessness are many; the history is long.
37.18	P	Our coasts have been infested and our harbors watched by private armed vessels, some of them without commissions, some with illegal commissions, others with those of legal form, but committing practical acts beyond the authority of their commissions.
18.19	NP	Our envoys extraordinary to the French Republic embarked - one in July, the other in August - to join their colleague in Holland.
2.13	NP	We shall continue to uphold them, against those who deny them and in counselling with our friends.
13.18	NP	We have not, however, made use of this authority, because the sum of $4.5M, which remained in the Treasury on the same 30th day of September last, with the receipts of which we may calculate on for the ensuing year, besides paying the annual sum of $8M appropriated to the funded debt and meeting all the current demands which may be expected, will enable us to pay the whole sum of $3.75M assumed by the French convention and still leave us a surplus of nearly $1M at our free disposal.
29.3	NP	I urge this Congress to pass the rest.
22.2	P	We have begun to drain the swamp of government corruption by imposing a 5-year ban on lobbying by executive branch officials and a lifetime ban—[applause]—thank you.
11.11	NP	I propose that we make new efforts to control and prevent crime and delinquency.
9.4	NP	Personal retirement accounts should be familiar to Federal employees, because you already have something similar called the Thrift Savings Plan, which lets workers deposit a portion of their paychecks into any of five different broadly based investment funds.
26.5	NP	We must protect our environment in every community.
22.16	P	The problem may well have your earnest attention.
26.16	NP	No one challenges the right of the farmer to a larger share of the consumer's pay for his product, no one disputes that we can not live without the farmer.
9.19	NP	Several decisions on the claims of citizens of the United States for losses and damages sustained by reason of irregular and illegal captures or condemnations of their vessels or other property have been made by the commissioners in London conformably to the 7th article of the treaty.
22.4	NP	To promote peace and stability in the broader Middle East, the United States will work with our friends in the region to fight the common threat of terror, while we encourage a higher standard of freedom.
5.18	P	In taking a view of the state of our country we in the first place notice the late affliction of two of our cities under the fatal fever which in latter times has occasionally visited our shores.
0.19	P	This measure it was desirable to avoid, because it would occasion much public inconvenience and a considerable public expense and add to the calamities of the inhabitants of this city, whose sufferings must have excited the sympathy of all their fellow citizens.
1.15	NP	That is the demand of our fighting men.
35.17	NP	The war can be successfully conducted in no other way.
8.14	NP	Irrigation waters should serve family farms and not land speculators.
18.11	NP	In a fruitful new partnership with the States and the cities the next decade should be a conservation milestone.
6.3	NP	Now is the time to get it done.
22.18	NP	Propositions for adjusting amicably the boundaries of Louisiana have not been acceded to.
3.4	NP	Fixing Social Security permanently will require an open, candid review of the options.
42.4	NP	And instead of 16 workers paying in for every beneficiary, right now it's only about 3 workers.
36.18	NP	The several treaties which have been mentioned will be submitted to both Houses of Congress for the exercise of their respective functions.
43.18	NP	Coming from every section of our country, they bring with them the sentiments and the information of the whole, and will be enabled to give a direction to the public affairs which the will and the wisdom of the whole will approve and support.
33.13	NP	Concerning developments in another vital sector of our economy--agriculture--I am gratified that the long slide in farm income has been halted and that further improvement is in prospect.
42.18	NP	The purchase from the Creeks, too, has been for some time particularly interesting to the State of Georgia.
28.21	NP	Where individuals shall, within the United States, array themselves in hostility against any of the powers at war, or enter upon military expeditions or enterprises within the jurisdiction of the United States, or usurp and exercise judicial authority within the United States, or where the penalties on violations of the law of nations may have been indistinctly marked, or are inadequate - these offenses can not receive too early and close an attention, and require prompt and decisive remedies.
13.1	P	With light and hope, we summoned a new strength, new resolve to position us to win the competition of the 21st century, on our way to a union more perfect, more prosperous, and more just, as one people, one Nation, and one America.
40.14	NP	The Government has still other opportunities--to help raise the standard of living of our citizens.
19.5	NP	With new pressures on people in the way they work and live, I believe we must expand family leave so that workers can take time off for teacher conferences and a child's medical checkup.
8.6	P	We must strengthen the alliance of the industrial democracies, as solid a force for peace as the world has ever known.
41.17	P	It must deliver the once fair lands and happy peoples of Belgium and northern France from the Prussian conquest and the Prussian menace, but it must also deliver the peoples of Austria-Hungary, the peoples of the Balkans, and the peoples of Turkey, alike in Europe and in Asia, from the impudent and alien dominion of the Prussian military and commercial autocracy.
13.21	NP	To satisfy the complaints of the latter, prosecutions have been instituted for the violences committed upon them.
15.7	P	We cannot play innocents abroad in a world that's not innocent; nor can we be passive when freedom is under siege.
8.15	NP	We must never make the mistake of assuming that the Germans are beaten until the last Nazi has surrendered.
19.3	NP	We will ensure equal treatment for all servicemembers and equal benefits for their families, gay and straight.
42.7	NP	There are some who say that growth initiatives must await final action on deficit reductions.
9.7	NP	We did what we promised, and a great industrial giant is reborn.
36.1	NP	Those 55 corporations made in excess of $40 billion in profit.
46.12	NP	Efficient expansion at home, stimulating the new plant and technology that can make our goods more competitive, is also the key to the international balance of payments problem.
