852	5	The warning from the world’s top climate scientists that carbon dioxide (CO2) will need to be removed from the atmosphere to limit global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius is both a due and dire recognition of the great task in front of us. What must not be forgotten, however, is the hope that our forests provide.The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) has said limiting global warming to 1.5C is not only achievable but also critical, given the previously underestimated accelerating risks for every degree of warming beyond that target.It has also suggested that the amount of carbon dioxide removal (CDR) that will be needed can be limited by significant and rapid cuts in emissions, but also reduced energy and land demand to a few hundred gigatonnes without relying on Bioenergy with Carbon Capture and Storage (BECCS).This means forests and land use can and must play a key role in efforts to achieve 1.5 degrees, but governments and industry too often overlook why improved forest protection, as well as forest restoration, are crucial alternative solutions to risky CDR technologies such as BECCS.While greenhouse gas emissions from agriculture and the destruction of forests and peatlands contribute heavily to climate change, the growth and restoration of forests can contribute significantly to reducing the concentration of CO2 in the atmosphere.Recent research suggests that forest protection and restoration, together with other “natural climate solutions”, can provide over one-third of the climate mitigation needed between now and 2030.The IPCC has estimated that between 100 and 1,000 gigatonnes of CO2 will need to be removed from the atmosphere to meet the Paris goals. It has been broadly agreed that the most important natural “carbon sinks” are the world’s forests. To limit climate change, we must urgently adopt an holistic approach to forest and peatland protection.This means deforestation must be halted and our remaining forests well protected, intact forests must be kept away from logging and other destructive activities, the management of used forests must change and where land is available, it must be restored with natural forests.To allow these natural climate solutions to thrive, wildland fires, most of which are sparked by human activities and contribute to global warming, must also be reduced. The tragic and wide geographic spread of wildfires across Siberia, Europe and California during the northern hemisphere summer is a stark reminder of the threat climate change poses to our forests.Our forests are our only natural and tested “technology” to lessen the impacts of climate change and protecting them will bring benefits that untried carbon removal technical solutions do not.Forest protection will help communities adapt to climate change and support their livelihoods. Fires, droughts, floods, storms and their impacts can also be reduced, biodiversity protected, freshwater-cycles maintained and soil erosion prevented.By accepting that our lands and forests are primarily needed to feed people, protect nature and protect the climate, rather than as resources for profit, areas for industrial agriculture, livestock or coal mining for example in Germany’s Hambach Forest, we can turn the tide against global warming.The IPCC report identifies different pathways to limiting global warming to 1.5C, most of which are dependent to varying degrees on the deployment, future availability and success of more technological, but so far unproven, approaches to CDR, and, in particular, BECCS.Deployment of BECCS would involve massive upscaling in intensive production of monoculture crops or tree plantations, leading to increased loss of natural habitats and biodiversity, threatening indigenous peoples, small farmers and local communities, squeezing land needed for food production and increasing water demand and agrochemical pollution.Bioenergy without carbon capture and storage is contributing to, rather than helping mitigate, climate change and there exists great uncertainty around the technical feasibility, safety, sustainability and cost of long-term geological carbon storage.This is why we need to act on the IPCC report and re-appraise the way we view our forests. One-third of the global forest area has already been cleared for arable land, grassland, settlements and roads in the last millennium.We can halt and reverse this trend by ending the expansion of agricultural crops, particularly for bio-energy and animal feed, into natural ecosystems. We must also embark on a dramatic change to our agricultural practices, embracing ecological agriculture and shifting to a diet less reliant on meat to reduce emissions from livestock.What is required is bold action from governments and industry to commit to forest protection and restoration while upholding the rights of indigenous people. By seizing the opportunity now to restore deforested areas and opt against false solutions such as BECCS, we can ensure our forests fulfil their critical role.Home to millions of people, our forests offer us a path towards climate mitigation, but we have no time to waste.The views expressed in this article are the author’s own and do not necessarily reflect Al Jazeera’s editorial stance.
836	3	"with Alexandra EllerbeckPresident Trump's nominee to replace Ruth Bader Ginsburg on the Supreme Court demurred when asked broadly what she thought of climate change.Amy Coney Barrett said late during her confirmation hearing Tuesday that while she has read up on the issue, she did not have “firm views” on global warming. “I'm certainly not a scientist,"" she said when asked by Sen. John Kennedy (R-La.) whether she had a personal opinion on the issue. ""I mean, I've read things about climate change. I would not say I have firm views on it.""The use of a boilerplate phrase often trotted out by Republican lawmakers – who often default to insisting they are not scientists – raised eyebrows among those concerned about how the 48-year-old judge will rule on climate cases should she get a lifetime appointment. Jamal Raad, campaign director of the green group Evergreen Action, called her response “disqualifying.""“It is a requirement that a Supreme Court Justice be able to review evidence to make a decision,” he said. “The scientific evidence of climate change is beyond reasonable doubt or debate, yet Amy Coney Barrett refused to acknowledge reality.”A climate change case is already on the Supreme Court's docket next year. It will hear a case involving several oil companies, including Dutch Royal Shell, being sued by the city of Baltimore, which is seeking to hold them financially responsible for their greenhouse gas contributions. Barrett's father spent much of his own career as a lawyer for Shell. Barrett only joined the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 7th Circuit in 2017. But those examining her brief judicial record say the conservative judge would make it harder for environmentalists to win at the Supreme Court.A high court with a more solid 6-3 conservative majority may help cement Trump's rollbacks of environmental regulations and even make it hard for a future Democratic administration to implement a plan to combat climate change.Yet at least one of Trump's other Supreme Court picks has acknowledged the scientific consensus that human activity is warming the planet when speaking from the bench. “The policy is laudable,” Brett Kavanaugh, then an appellate court judge, said in 2016 when hearing a case on Barack Obama's Clean Power Plan. “The earth is warming. Humans are contributing.""Earlier in the day, a Democratic senator decried a network of “dark money” donors from the oil and other industries helping pick Supreme Court nominees.Wielding posters and a Sharpie, Sheldon Whitehouse (D-R.I.) said the Senate Judiciary Committee hearings are a “puppet theater” in which donors, including fossil fuel executives, are “pulling strings.”Their goal, according to the senator, is to kneecap the Environmental Protection Agency and other federal agencies from issuing and enforcing strong regulations by getting judges sympathetic to corporate interests on the court.Whitehouse cited a report from our colleagues Robert O'Harrow Jr. and Shawn Boburg describing how the Federalist Society's Leonard Leo helped nonprofit organizations raise $250 million from mostly anonymous donors in recent years to promote conservative causes.Those organizations have, in turn, cultivated a generation of right-wing judges, including Barrett, who Trump and Senate Republicans have elevated to the federal bench.“Something is not right around the court,” he said, using his entire 30 minutes of questioning time to talk without asking Barrett anything, “and dark money has a lot to do with it.”“If you're a big polluter, what do you want?” he added. “You want weak regulatory agencies.”The International Energy Agency’s executive director Fatih Birol warned this week that massive investment in clean energy technologies, as well as changes in driving preferences, are required to keep climate change within the limits scientists say is necessary to prevent dire changes.  “If the world is serious,"" he said, ""it needs to tackle climate change.”That means “not only building new infrastructure clean, but at same time we need to tackle the existing infrastructure, which is overwhelmingly fueled by fossil fuels, including inefficient coal-fired power plants.”When it comes to cars, every other automobile sold in 2030 would have to be an electric vehicle, he said — up from only 3 percent of global car sales today. By 2050, all new cars would have to be electric.  The IEA also said that the coronavirus pandemic continues to weigh on the world’s energy consumption, and therefore its carbon dioxide emissions. The agency said that global energy demand is set to drop by 5 percent in 2020, and energy-related CO2 emissions by 7 percent, and energy investment by 18 percent.  The steepest declines are coming in oil demand and coal use, while natural gas and electricity demand were down modestly.-Steven MufsonWith the action Tuesday, the president created an interagency council charged with coordinating the United States’ efforts to support the international initiative aimed at repopulating the world’s trees and targeting climate change.Trump’s daughter Ivanka and her husband Jared Kushner will serve on the council, which will be led by Interior Secretary David Bernhardt and Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue, Axios reports.Trump has repeatedly expressed skepticism about the science behind human-caused climate change. The text of the executive order states that forests and woodlands sequester atmospheric carbon, but does not directly mention climate change. In January, Trump announced that the United States would join the Trillion Trees Initiative:The agreement, announced Tuesday, to get more clean energy from hydropower while reducing environmental harm is “a sign that the threat of climate change is spurring both sides to rethink their decades-long battle over a large but contentious source of renewable power,” the New York Times reports.Hydropower, which supplied 7 percent of U.S. electricity last year, does not emit greenhouse gases, but it can disrupt rivers and devastate fish populations. A joint statement from environmental groups and representatives of the hydropower industry said that they would work to retrofit dams to minimize their ecological impact, get rid of old dams that are no longer needed, and add facilities for hydropower generation to existing dams that are not already powered to increase renewable energy output.“The decline occurred in both shallow and deeper water, and across virtually all species — but especially in branching and table-shaped corals,” Terry Hughes, a professor at the ARC Center of Excellence for Coral Reef Studies in Queensland and a co-author of a research paper published in the journal Proceedings of the Royal Society B, said.The Great Barrier Reef is important not only to Australia's ecology, but also to its economy. “Before the coronavirus pandemic, more than 2 million tourists traveled to Queensland each year from all over the world to experience its color and biodiversity,” our colleague Darryl Fears reports. “Worldwide, reefs provide habitat for a quarter of marine animals and plants, coastal protection that limits flooding for 500 million residents, and fishing that provides protein and revenue.”The state is now bracing for windy weather and new blazes that could exacerbate the fires, our colleague Andrew Freedman reports.“California’s devastating wildfire season is far from over, with yet another period of ‘elevated to critical’ wildfire conditions coming to much of the state from Wednesday to Friday,” Freedman writes. “A combination of high winds and dry air will enable any preexisting fires to spread, and new ignitions to quickly expand and exhibit extreme fire behavior, making them difficult to contain.” “In a new report released with partners, the World Meteorological Agency says more disasters attributed to weather are taking place each year,” the Associated Press reports. “It said over 11,000 disasters have been attributed to weather, climate and phenomena like tsunamis that are related to water over the last 50 years — causing 2 million deaths and racking up $3.6 trillion worth of economic costs.”The report says that 108 million people worldwide needed international assistance in the wake of climate disasters in 2018 and that this number could increase by 50 percent by 2030. One spot of good news: Even as the number of severe weather events and their economic toll increase, the average number of deaths from each disaster per year has declined by one-third, the Associated Press reports.The head of the U.N. also warned about climate risks in a video message to a group of finance ministers. Secretary General António Guterres urged the ministers to end fossil fuel subsidies and told them not to bail out polluting industries.Starting in 2013, sales in areas at high risk from rising seas dropped significantly, according to the New York Times. A few years later home prices also began to trend downward, according to a working paper published on Monday by researchers at the University of Pennsylvania.The paper found that by 2018 home sales in high-risk areas trailed 16 to 20 percent behind areas less exposed to sea level rise, the New York Times writes.A new study published in the journal Nature on Tuesday finds that radiation levels downwind of fracking sites are on average 7 percent above normal background radiation, Reuters reports.The radiation probably comes from naturally occurring radioactive material brought up to the surface during fracking. The study’s lead author, Petros Koutrakis of Harvard, told Reuters that the higher level of radiation found downwind of fracking sites is “not extremely dangerous, but could raise certain health risks to people living nearby.” "
280	4	WASHINGTON — Many of the world’s biggest companies, from Silicon Valley tech firms to large European banks, are bracing for the prospect that climate change could substantially affect their bottom lines within the next five years, according to a new analysis of corporate disclosures.Under pressure from shareholders and regulators, companies are increasingly disclosing the specific financial impacts they could face as the planet warms, such as extreme weather that could disrupt their supply chains or stricter climate regulations that could hurt the value of coal, oil and gas investments. Early estimates suggest that trillions of dollars may ultimately be at stake.Even so, analysts warn that many companies are still lagging in accounting for all of the plausible financial risks from global warming.“The numbers that we’re seeing are already huge, but it’s clear that this is just the tip of the iceberg,” said Bruno Sarda, the North America president for CDP, an international nonprofit that wrote the new report and works with companies around the world to publicly disclose the risks and opportunities that climate change could create for their businesses. Want climate news in your inbox? Sign up here for Climate Fwd:, our email newsletter.In 2018, more than 7,000 companies submitted such reports to CDP, formerly known as the Carbon Disclosure Project. And, for the first time, CDP explicitly asked firms to try to calculate how a warming planet might affect them financially.After analyzing submissions from 215 of the world’s 500 biggest corporations, CDP found that these companies potentially faced roughly $1 trillion in costs related to climate change in the decades ahead unless they took proactive steps to prepare. By the companies’ own estimates, a majority of those financial risks could start to materialize in the next five years or so.The disclosures show how business leaders expect climate change, and the policy responses to it, to ripple through every corner of the global economy.Many firms are bracing for direct impacts. Hitachi Ltd., a Japanese manufacturer, said that increased rainfall and flooding in Southeast Asia had the potential to knock out suppliers and that it was taking defensive measures as a result. Banco Santander Brasil, a large Brazilian bank, said increasingly severe droughts in the region might hurt the ability of borrowers to repay loans. Google’s parent company, Alphabet, Inc., noted that rising temperatures could increase the cost of cooling its energy-hungry data centers.Others are keeping a close eye on the potential public reaction to climate change. Total, a French energy company, is grappling with the possibility that ambitious efforts by nations to limit global warming and restrict fossil fuel use could render some oil and gas reserves “unburnable.” BASF, a German chemical company, said it has a “significant corporate carbon footprint” that could scare off environmentally conscious shareholders unless it takes steps to act on climate change.In all, the world’s largest companies estimated that at least $250 billion of assets may need to be written off or retired early as the planet heats up. Those assets include buildings in high-risk flood zones, or power plants that may have to shut down in response to tighter pollution rules.The disclosures offer only a partial glimpse at the potential price tag of climate change. Only a fraction of companies worldwide currently report their climate risks, and many large firms, including energy giants Exxon Mobil and Chevron, did not submit a disclosure to CDP last year. The companies that do disclose often struggle to tease out precisely how rising temperatures might hurt or help them financially. For instance, Mr. Sarda said, it’s relatively straightforward for businesses to calculate the potential costs from an increase in taxes designed to curb emissions of carbon dioxide, a major greenhouse gas that contributes to global warming. Indeed, this is one of the most common climate-related risks that companies now disclose. But it’s trickier to take scientific reports about rising temperatures and weather extremes and say what those broad trends might mean for specific companies in specific locations.Previous studies, based on computer climate modeling, have estimated that the risks of global warming, if left unmanaged, could cost the world’s financial sector between $1.7 trillion to $24.2 trillion in net present value terms. A recent analysis published in the journal Nature Climate Change warned that companies are reporting on these risks only “sporadically and inconsistently” and often take a narrow view of the dangers that may lie ahead.Pacific Gas and Electric, California’s largest electric utility, offers a case study in how some corporate disclosures can be far from perfect. In its report to CDP last year, PG&E said that the rise in wildfire risk in the American West, partly driven by global warming, could create significant financial costs if the utility were held liable for the fires. PG&E estimated the “potential financial impact” from wildfires at around $2.5 billion, based on claims that the utility had paid out in 2017.However, that turned out to be overly optimistic: This past January, PG&E filed for bankruptcy protection and said it now faced up to $30 billion in fire liabilities shortly after its power lines sparked what became California’s deadliest wildfire yet last fall.On the flip side, the CDP report found, many companies also see moneymaking potential in climate change. Some 225 of the world’s largest corporations highlighted roughly $2.1 trillion of possible opportunities in a warming world, with the majority expected to materialize within the next five years.Eli Lilly, a drug maker in the United States, cited research suggesting that rising temperatures could drive the spread of infectious diseases — a problem the company was well-positioned to help address. “This may then increase demand for certain medicines we produce,” the firm said. (At the same time, the company also warned that climate change could hurt financially if flooding and fiercer storms disrupted its manufacturing facilities in places like Puerto Rico, as happened after Hurricane Maria in 2017.)And any shift toward clean energy sources offers a chance to profit. ING Group, a Dutch financial services firm, estimated that the shift to a low-carbon economy could require $30 trillion in new investments toward clean energy and energy efficiency worldwide. As a result, ING aims to double its “climate finance portfolio” by 2022, the company said in its disclosure.The report comes as financial regulators have expressed growing concern that markets aren’t yet fully pricing in the potential financial consequences of climate change. Last month, the European Central Bank warned that a spate of severe weather that caused major losses for insurers, or an unexpectedly rapid shift by investors away from fossil fuels could hit the balance sheets of unprepared banks and potentially destabilize the financial system.“Climate change-related risks have the potential to become systemic for the euro area,” the bank said, “in particular if markets are not pricing the risks correctly.”In 2015, the Financial Stability Board — an influential panel made up of finance ministers, central bankers and regulators from the world’s largest economies — established a task force that aimed to coax banks and other businesses to be more transparent about their climate risks. But progress has been slow. The CDP report found that companies headquartered in the European Union are much more likely to detail the potential financial effects of global warming, in part because local regulations often require them to do so. By contrast, companies in the United States, China, Brazil and Mexico were far less likely to report significant financial risks.In the United States, the Securities and Exchange Commission does not mandate that publicly traded companies account for potential climate impacts, though the agency has offered guidance on how firms can do so. Some large institutional investors, such as the mutual fund company Vanguard Group and New York State’s pension fund, have started to urge companies to be more transparent about their climate exposure, a trend that has helped drive the recent uptick in disclosures.Mr. Sarda of CDP said that he expected companies to offer “more clarity” and “more sophistication” in their disclosures as the pressure to do so builds. But, he said, “it’s certainly a big process.”For more news on climate and the environment, follow @NYTClimate on Twitter.
575	5	Ministers pledged help for hard-pressed families to go green today amid questions over the cost to taxpayers of the Prime Minister's climate change plans.The Prime Minister wants a 'net zero' Britain by 2050 that includes banning gas boilers in homes and sales of new petrol and diesel cars.Mr Johnson today  said a damning UN report highlighting the scale of global climate change was a 'wake-up call' for the world and demanded an end to the use of coal for power.But the PM, who hosts the Cop26 meeting of world leaders to discuss climate action in Scotland in the autumn, is facing pushback from within the Conservatives Party. Kent MP Craig Mackinlay has launched a group to to push back at plans he argues could be could 'completely kill us off politically'.He and others argue they will hit poorer voters in former 'Red Wall' areas who voted Conservative for the first time in 2019. Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng today said ministers 'want to try and help people make that transition' when asked about the expense to consumers of scrapping gas boilers.He told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: 'There is a transition and that's something that we're focused on and we want to try and help people make that transition... We've got a Heat and Buildings Strategy that is going to come out very soon - I don't think it was quite January, I think it was in March, but... I'm very keen to see it published because I think that will set out a number of options.'But he admitted he was 'concerned' about a £20 billion hole in the public finances created by a loss of fuel duty through the switch to electric cars, adding: ' I don't have the authority to write budgets or dictate tax policy.'   The Prime Minister said: 'Today's report makes for sobering reading, and it is clear that the next decade is going to be pivotal to securing the future of our planet'A senior minister today insisted that targets to make the UK 'net zero' in terms of emissions by 2050 would be met ahead of the release of a shock UN climate report expected to paint a bleak picture.A new group is being set up by Kent MP Craig Mackinlay to push back at plans to outlaw sales of new petrol and diesel cars and replace gas boilers within the next 20 years. Chancellor Rishi Sunak (left) is said to be looking at ways to ease the pressure on poorer families of the transition.On the heels of deadly floods in India, China and northern Europe as well as asphalt-melting heatwaves in North America and southern Europe (Greece pictured), the IPCC's report is the first so-called assessment report since 2014.Today's report puts huge pressure on Governments to take more action to cut emissions in the run up to international Cop26 climate talks in Glasgow in November.   The study, which focuses on the physical science of climate change, forms the first part of the IPCC's sixth assessment report, and is even clearer on the impact humans are having on the planet than the last such analysis in 2013.It draws on more than 14,000 scientific papers to reach its conclusions and has found it is 'unequivocal' that human activity is warming the world.Rapid and widespread changes to the land, atmosphere and oceans have occurred - from temperature increases to sea level rises - that are unprecedented for many centuries or even many thousands of years.The report makes clear that human-caused climate change, which has pushed up global temperatures by 1.1C, is driving weather and climate extremes in every region across the world.There are already more frequent and intense heatwaves and heavy rainstorms in many places, including northern Europe, as well as droughts and cyclones.Humans are also very likely the main driver in the global retreat of glaciers, declines in Arctic sea ice, and rising sea levels.Sea level rises are speeding up, with the oceans rising by 3.7mm (0.15 inches) a year in recent years, and are set to continue to rise this century whether emissions remain high or fall dramatically.Changes to oceans, sea levels and melting permafrost and glaciers are irreversible for decades, centuries or even millennia as a result of past and future warming.And cities are at particular risk as the climate warms, experiencing hotter temperatures in heatwaves and flash flooding from heavy rain.The study also warns that unlikely events such ice sheet collapses, abrupt changes to ocean circulation - which drives weather patterns - and much higher warming cannot be ruled out.But the report, which assesses the potential impact of a range of five future scenarios from very low emissions to very high pollution, highlights the impacts of the choices the world makes now.Temperature rises have a good chance of remaining below 1.5C in the long term if carbon emissions are cut to net zero by 2050, followed by efforts to take more carbon dioxide out of the air than is put into the atmosphere, along with deep cuts to other greenhouse gases.Cutting methane - produced by oil and gas drilling and agriculture, particularly livestock farming - could help curb rising temperatures, as well as improving air quality, the report said.But scientists who worked on the report said current pledges of action on emissions put the world on a pathway that could lead to 2.7C of warming by the late 21st century - or higher if the pledges were not delivered on.Sea levels would rise by around 28-55cm (11-22 inches) by 2100 in a very low emissions scenario, but by significantly more if emissions stayed high. Every additional 0.5C temperature rise leads to clear increases in the intensity of heatwaves, rainstorms and flooding, and droughts in some regions. He told Sky News: 'It's not something that's going to happen overnight ... I think the electric vehicle rollout is something that is actually very encouraging.'I'm concerned about it but I don't have the authority to write budgets or dictate tax policy.'Ministers have been warned that plans to outlaw new fossil fuel car sales in less than a decade will blow a none-figure hole in Treasury coffers. Electric cars are currently exempt from vehicle excise duty (VED) and pay no fuel duty because they use no fuel.But ministers are considering new tariffs to offset the loss.  A road pricing scheme using toll booths or in-vehicle technology could be brought in. But analysis by the AA suggests that such a plan could cost £765 per car per year.Mr Johnson today warned that the next decade will be 'pivotal' in the fight against climate change.The assessment from the UN's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change found that humans are unequivocally driving global warming - with impacts from heatwaves to rising seas and extreme rain already seen around the world.It painted a stark picture of the impact humans are having through activities such as burning fossil fuels - and the future the world faces if it fails to rapidly tackle the crisis.The world will reach or exceed temperature rises of 1.5C - a limit countries have pledged to try to keep to in order to avoid the most dangerous consequences of warming - over the next two decades, the report says.The Prime Minister said: 'Today's report makes for sobering reading, and it is clear that the next decade is going to be pivotal to securing the future of our planet. 'We know what must be done to limit global warming – consign coal to history and shift to clean energy sources, protect nature and provide climate finance for countries on the frontline.'The UK is leading the way, decarbonising our economy faster than any country in the G20 over the last two decades. I hope today's IPCC report will be a wake-up call for the world to take action now, before we meet in Glasgow in November for the critical COP26 summit.'But Mr Johnson, who hosts the Cop26 meeting of world leaders to discuss climate action in Scotland in the autumn, was facing pushback from within the Conservatives Party. Mr Kwarteng said the UK Government was 'on track' to hit net zero emissions by 2050 but acknowledged 'it's challenging'. He told Sky News: 'If you look since 1990 we've reduced our emissions by 45 per cent and we've managed to grow the economy by 80 per cent, this is a world-beating figure.'Hee told the BBC that a carbon tax - seen as a tax on meat - is also still being considered. He added: 'It's 2021 now, I think there's every chance we will hit the target. It's a lot of work and I think we can do that ... it is challenging, it's not an easy thing, if it were an easy thing we wouldn't be going on about it.'But South Thanet MP  Mr Mackinlay, who is also a member of the All Party Parliamentary Group for Motorists and hauliers, told the Politics Home website: 'We don't want to be on the wrong side of the electorate, that just will not wear this.' Rishi Sunak is drawing up plans for richer households to take the bigger hit from green changes, the Times reported today. The UN's climate science panel will today unveil its much-anticipated projections for temperature and sea-level rises less than three months before a crucial climate summit in Scotland.After two weeks of virtual negotiations, 195 nations approved the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change's (IPCC) comprehensive assessment of past and future warming on Friday in the form of a 'summary for policymakers'.The text - vetted and approved line by line, word by word - is likely to paint a grim picture of accelerating climate change and dire threats on the horizon.On the heels of deadly floods in India, China and northern Europe as well as asphalt-melting heatwaves in North America and southern Europe, the IPCC's report is the first so-called assessment report since 2014.  Both the world and the science have changed a lot since then.With increasingly sophisticated technology allowing scientists to measure climate change and predict its future path, the report will project global temperature changes until the end of the century under different emissions scenarios.Boris Johnson's green and anti-obesity projects could end up costing Britain's households more than £28,000 each over the coming decade if they are fully implemented, it emerged today.The Prime Minister is considering a range of eco-friendly policies during his tenure such as a ban on new fossil-fuelled cars including hybrids by 2033. Based almost entirely on published research, it could forecast - even under optimistic scenarios - a temporary 'overshoot' of the 1.5 degrees Celsius target of the Paris Agreement, and revise upwards its estimates for long-term sea-level rise.It is also expected to reflect huge progress in so-called attribution science, which allows experts to link individual extreme weather events directly to man-made climate change.While the underlying IPCC report is purely scientific, the summary for policymakers is negotiated by national representatives, and therefore subject to competing priorities.At the weekend it was reported the green agenda had hit another stumbling block amid growing fears within government that it will hit poorest households the hardest.Chancellor Rishi Sunak was reportedly leading push-back against net zero, fearing it will spark a cost-of-living crisis with energy bills already on the rise and inflation spiking as Covid lockdowns ease.Senior Tories fear the crisis could prove politically ruinous in so-called Red Wall seats in traditionally working class areas of the north that flipped blue from Labour at the 2019 election, handing Mr Johnson a landslide victory.A Treasury review into the costs of meeting the net-zero 2050 goal has already been delayed twice from its original spring publication date.According to the Sunday Telegraph, the delay is due to fears that analysis shows working class families bearing the heaviest share of the burden.But a source told today's Times that No10 and No100 were both on the same page when it comes to climate change.Last month experts advising the Government on infrastructure warned Britain's families face paying hundreds of pounds more a year on food, flying and shipping costs to help industries remove greenhouse gases from the atmosphere.The National Infrastructure Commission said the poorest tenth of households will pay an extra £80 each year by 2050 while the richest tenth will face a £400 bill to help sectors that currently have a low chance of hitting the Net Zero emissions targetIf hydrogen is part of a zero-carbon future, it could have to be produced by electrolysis (as shown above), which sees electric currents passed through water. Another option is for the plants to capture the carbon emissions and pump them undergroundThe poorest tenth of households will pay an extra £80 each year by 2050 while the richest tenth will face a £400 annual bill to help sectors that currently have a low chance of hitting the emissions target by this date.The National Infrastructure Commission said the UK needs an industry to store the gases to help meet its pledge on carbon emissions – and taxpayers will have to spend up to £400million in the next decade to fund this.However the executive agency added that the biggest polluting industries such as agriculture, shipping and aviation should make a £2billion-a-year contribution from 2030 – even if these costs are passed onto households.
208	5	"The loss of an endangered mammal is being blamed on human-induced climate change -- the first such occurrence in the world.Human-induced climate change has been linked to rising global temperatures, the loss of ice sheets, the devastation of Australia's Great Barrier Reef, the freakish mating of two different bear species and now, the disappearance of an entire species.The only known population of the Bramble Cay melomys, which lived in Queensland, Australia have now disappeared, scientists say.An extensive survey of the species was carried out between August and September 2014 after a smaller survey in March couldn't find any of the rodents.More than 900 traps were used in the survey along with 60 camera traps. No record of the species could be found.It's believed the last time the Bramble Cay melomys was spotted was in 2009.The report, led by Queensland Department of Environment and Heritage Protection's (DEHP) Ian Gynther, is pointing the finger at human-induced climate change.Rising sea levels have swamped the cay, which typically live close to water, claiming the small rodents' habitat and potentially even their lives.""Significantly, this probably represents the first recorded mammalian extinction due to anthropogenic climate change,"" the report concludes.But all hope may not be lost -- there's speculation the population of the Bramble Cay melomys were from Papua New Guinea's Fly River delta.It means the species, or a closely-related one, may rise again.""Consequently, at this stage, it may be premature to declare the Bramble Cay melomys extinct on a global scale,"" the report says.The report still recommends the species is officially reclassified from endangered to extinct within the Commonwealth and work to do so is currently underway.While there's still a possibility the species may remain in the Fly River region, for the mammal's population in Queensland, they're giving up.""Because the Bramble Cay melomys is now confirmed to have been lost from Bramble Cay, no recovery actions for this population can be implemented,"" Queensland's DEHP says."
609	3	Climate change will deplete stocks of fish that Arctic predators, such as ringed seals, feed on, forcing them to go after smaller, less nourishing prey, a new study warns.The study, put together by researchers at the University of British Columbia, suggests that changes to both fish numbers and their size in the Hudson Bay in Canada will accelerate by 2025. Cod stocks will decline between 18 and 35 percent and Pacific sand lance will decline anywhere between 45 and 82 percent.  Those species body size will also shrink, meaning seals which find them won't have as nourishing a meal. Climate change will shrink the size of certain fish that seals feed on, forcing them to eat less fulfilling fishThe size and population of fish in the Hudson Bay — such as the Arctic cod — will accelerate by 2025 and population figures could drop by 50%Cod will decline between 18-35% in size and Pacific sand lance will decline between 45-82%They estimate that if the atmosphere continues to be impacted by greenhouse gasses, such as carbon dioxide and methane, all varieties of fish in the study will shrink in size.  'This decrease in body size, along with a shift from the energy- and lipid-rich Arctic cod to smaller forage fishes, may result in seals feeding on more on ‘junk food’ with un-known demographic consequences, but perhaps including reduced energy reserves (stored as blubber),' the authors wrote in the study.  All fish species declined in body size according to the model, but there was a 29 percent increase in total prey biomass, meaning that smaller fish, such as capelin and sand lance, may become more prevalent. 'It costs energy to forage,' the study's lead author, UBC student Katie Florko, said in a statement.  'Does that mean the seals will need to spend more energy to get a larger number of these smaller fish for the same amount of energy as capturing a bigger fish?' Florko continued: 'It's not unlike how the burgers in fast food restaurants seem to get smaller and smaller every year, and you're getting less bang for your buck.' With Arctic waters heating up due to climate change, the cod will head north and decline in numbers, the researchers saidIt's unclear what the consequences would be to eating less fulfilling fish and not cod (pictured) All fish species declined in body size according to the model, but there was a 29 percent increase in total prey biomass, meaning that smaller fish, such as capelin and sand lance (pictured), may become more prevalentWith Arctic waters heating up due to climate change, the cod will head north and decline in numbers, the researchers said. The findings are not unexpected. Several other studies in recent memory have suggested that fish will get smaller as the world warms, because they will have to increase their metabolism and will need more oxygen to sustain their bodily functions. A study published in February looked at fish size and bottom sea temperatures over the past 30 years and concluded that the size of adult fish, including cod, haddock and whiting, are shrinking. In August, a separate study suggested that other fish, such as sardines, pilchards and herrings, are shrinking and at risk of extinction due to climate change. Last month, a report from the United Nations said the planet will heat up by 2.7 degrees Fahrenheit by 2040, a decade earlier than forecast.   As larger fish have greater energy reserves to call upon in comparison with smaller fish, a reduction in size will reduce the distances over which fish can travel, and limit their ability to seek out more suitable environments as the climate changes.For other animals, the situation is more complex, Florko noted. Beluga whales feast on capelin in the summer, but dine on Arctic cod in the fall to store body fat.   'We've never seen such drastic change so quickly,' said Travis Tai, a co-author of the study.'We're rolling the dice, and we don't know what exactly will happen. 'When we have dramatic shifts in food web structures, we can expect large changes not only to how species such as ringed seals use the oceans, but also how people use the oceans.'The study was published last month in the journal Ecology Letters. A recent study in Canada found that over the last century, the beetles in the region have shrunk.By looking at eight species of beetle and measuring the animals from past and present they found that some beetles were adapting to a reduced body size.The data also showed that the larger beetles were shrinking, but the smaller ones were not. Around 50 million years ago the Earth warmed by three degrees Celsius (5.4°F) and as a result, animal species at the time shrunk by 14 per cent. Another warming event around 55 million years ago - called the Paleocene-Eocene Thermal Maximum (PETM) - warmed the earth by up to eight degrees Celsius (14.4°F).In this instance, animal species of the time shrunk by up to a third. Woolly mammoths were a victim of warming climate, shrinking habitat and increased hunting from a growing early-human population which drove them to extinction - along with many large animalsShrinking in body size is seen from several global warming events.With the global temperatures set to continue to rise, it is expected the average size of most animals will decrease. As well as global warming, the world has seen a dramatic decrease in the amount of large animals. So called 'megafauna' are large animals that go extinct. With long life-spans and relatively small population numbers, they are less able to adapt to rapid change as smaller animals that reproduce more often.
932	3	"One in two voters will be considering climate change when they go to the polls. Credits: Video - Newshub; Image - GettyAlmost half of voters will be considering the issue of climate change when heading to the polls this election.The latest Newshub Reid Research poll asked voters whether a party's emphasis on fighting climate change would influence their vote:Labour leader Jacinda Ardern paid a visit to a less photogenic location on the campaign trail on Friday, a family home in St Kilda that was inundated in the 2015 floods.Ms Ardern was in South Dunedin to draw attention to its vulnerability to sea level rise as a result of climate change.""I think if you asked people whether or not they were worried about sea level rise in areas like here they would say yes,"" she said.""Regardless of whether it triggers people to vote we've got a duty of care to people in these communities to do our bit.""National leader Bill English shut down Labour's climate change stance, saying ""They're making strong moral statements on it but don't appear to be taking much extra action on it other than pushing farmers into the ETS [Emissions Trading Scheme].""When it comes to climate change, National and Labour's supporters have directly opposed positions. 63 percent of Labour voters say parties' actions on it will affect how they vote, while 63 percent of National voters say it won't. That was reflected in a cafe that Bill English visited today, with National supporters saying:""I have a problem with climate change if you look back thousands of years this has happened before,"" and another saying climate change policies wouldn't impact their vote at all.Voters do seem to be warming to the issue, with one in two considering climate change when they go to the polls. Considering Jacinda Ardern's strong stance on the issue - making farmers pay for polluting the air - Labour will be hoping it's enough to get them over the line."
725	5	"OPINION: Like most Kiwis, I love swimming in our beautiful oceans and making use of our incredible bush and forests. But the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) report has stated that we have until 2030 to ""drastically"" change the way we live to ensure that we give our grandchildren a fighting chance to have a life on planet Earth. If we don't change the average global temperature will rise above 1.5 degrees Celsius and will set off an irreversible, negative cascade of events that will create climate chaos. Mother Nature will stop nourishing and start having violent tantrums, making it very difficult for most people on this planet to live. There will be climate change migrants as the land won't support crops due to heat and flooding. Severe weather events will cripple our insurance and banking systems, and there will be social breakdown.  READ MORE: * 'Existential' chosen as a word of the year for 2019 * Climate change could make hay fever season longer for Kiwi sufferers * Low methane New Zealand sheep coming to a farm near you * Eco Living: Does it really take too much time and effort? * Eco-Living: What's the best waste-free moisturiser? * We need to become climate change #influencers Yes this makes for difficult reading, and yes it's much easier just to ignore it, deny it and carry on with our important lives paying back debt and planning the next holiday to escape our very stressful, important jobs. My family has come to the point where we know we have to make changes. I love my kids, and I know I'll love my grandkids. I imagine talking to them and I don't want to be on the wrong side of climate change history. I know humans have a large effect on what’s happening and if I want to live with any authenticity then I must act in accordance with my desire for the next generations to enjoy this beautiful planet as I do. Swimming in the ocean and being in the bush is my happy place and I have no right to take that away from my offspring. So what can you do help? Heaps. You can gradually change some habits and make a difference. I now have a ""live light"" day in which I ride my bike to work and fast until dinner that night. Tuesday is typically a rest day from my usual training so it's the perfect day for me to live with a light footprint on the earth. Most days I do 10 minutes of yoga, writing and taking an invigorating cold shower but now I also ride my bike to work and fast to really live mega light for one day a week. Driving a 1.5 tonne car to go to work is very resource heavy. Not only are we producing 2.3L of CO2 for every litre of petrol used, it also emits a whole range of noxious gases that contribute to health issues and sitting in a car adds to the growing amount of inactivity that most NZ adults can ill afford. Riding a bike is a far healthier option on so many levels - you could also run or walk to work.  It allows you to add to cardiovascular exercise time, it's a far more energy efficient mode of transport, and it takes cars off congested roads. It's the way so many progressive cities are going to create a healthier, more friendly environment. Cities like Amsterdam, Zurich, Copenhagen, and Paris are all reducing car parking, increasing parking costs, and planting more trees. Almost 50 per cent of all people in Amsterdam travel to work by bike. Nudging people towards a healthier mode of transport is part of the ""drastic"" changes required to save us and the planet. Eating a plant based diet is another way to reduce land and water use for producing food. Looking at the big picture growing animals to eat requires far more energy than plants. Also plants sequest carbon dioxide and produce oxygen, while animals do the opposite (while also producing urine and feces that can add to environmental issues). Food waste is also a problem. New Zealanders on average waste almost 160,000 tons of food annually, while globally 1.3 billion tons of food is not consumed, and the dumped food produces methane - a very destructive greenhouse gas that is almost 80 x more destructive than CO2 on a 20 year time frame. If you go without food completely for between 16-24hrs then not only are you living lightly but you are also helping your body shift into a ""cleansing state"" that allows the body to get rid of mutant proteins and other junk within the cells. This process, named autophagy, can only be accessed if the digestive system takes a break. I feel more alert and focused on my Tuesday afternoon compared to having lunch. Also, I feel energised that my Tuesdays are a day where I am making a noticeable difference to my children's ability to live on our beautiful planet. The ultimate win - win! Drastic change doesn't have to be depriving. In fact, from what I'm finding hooking into habits that will save the world will also help move me towards a healthier state. So please have a look at riding your bike more and go without food for increased periods of time. Then once you entrench these lifesaving habits - add some more! Be more, have less, save the world, and improve your health. Please start now. Here are 10 wellness habits to save the world and make you healthier: Brad Dixon is a sports physiotherapist, coach, and wellness evangelist. His passion is helping people strive for their potential with promotion of enhancing daily habits. "
47	3	"Advocates of action on climate change hold a trump card. When the Supreme Court in 2007 determined that carbon dioxide is a pollutant, the EPA got a mandate to regulate it. But, what the court giveth, the court can rescind in a tightly contested vote.This article is from the archive of our partner .Advocates of forceful action on climate change have long held a trump card. The primary source of greenhouse gas emissions in the U.S. is coal plants, and — since the Supreme Court has determined that those emissions are a pollutant — the EPA is mandated to regulate them. At some point, then, whether whatever president likes it or not, the agency had to make a rule limiting carbon dioxide emissions.But, what the court giveth, the court can rescind in a tightly contested vote. And with a barrage of petitions raining down on a conservative-leaning Supreme Court, it's possible that the EPA's pollution-control mandate could be eradicated well before the threat of climate change is.Among large, developed countries, only Australia emits more carbon dioxide per person than the United States. China emits the most overall, of course, but as greenhouse gas polluters, we're still in the top tier. For decades, environmentalists have pushed to cut the country's overall emissions levels, winning a significant victory in 2007 when the Supreme Court ruled in Massachusetts vs. EPA that carbon dioxide was an air pollutant. Under the Clean Air Act, that required that the EPA take action.So far, it hasn't. When Barack Obama came into office, pledging to be the president who oversaw the moment when ""the rise of the oceans began to slow,"" advocates hoped he'd move quickly to curb carbon dioxide emissions. In 2009, the House passed a measure to institute a market-based system to reduce emissions; it wasn't voted on in the Senate. Last January, Obama called for a similar solution, saying he'd act if the Congress wouldn't. That declaration, however belated, was interpreted as meaning he would ask the EPA to regulate coal-burning plants, even though his staff seemed unprepared to do so.While Obama and the EPA have delayed, opponents of regulating greenhouse gas emissions — largely fossil fuel companies — have filed a number of challenges to the Court's ruling. To date, they've failed; in both July and December last year, lower courts upheld the EPA's right to regulate. But each lower court decision makes an appeal to the highest court more inevitable. Reuters indicates that a case could arrive at the Supreme Court as soon as this October.That last point is even more alarming. The EPA uses the Clean Air Act as its mandate to regulate air pollution. If the Court says that it can't use the law to regulate carbon dioxide, it will not take long for companies that emit pollution of various types to challenge other Clean Air Act regulations.There were two dissenting opinions filed in the five-to-four Massachusetts vs. EPA, written by Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Antonin Scalia. The make-up of the Court hasn't changed much; there are two new justices — Sotomayor and Kagan — who replace two that voted to support the majority opinion. In other words, it's not clear that the Court hearing the case means that the EPA's ability to regulate carbon dioxide emissions will be revoked.But it's another sign of the lack of progress made in addressing climate change over the last six years. In 2007, a five-to-four vote established a critical tool that the EPA could use to tackle global warming. In 2013 — without that having happened and facing a much weaker political position — environmental advocates can only hope to keep that trump card in the deck.This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire.We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com."
985	5	"Watch: Sophie Handford and Luke Wijohn on The AM Show. Credits: The AM ShowNew Zealand can't rely on new technology to save us from climate change, one of the leaders of the School Strike 4 Climate says.Sophie Handford told The AM Show she doesn't agree with host Duncan Garner when he says new technology will help ease the burden of pollution.Garner brought up the idea of concrete that sucks carbon dioxide from the air, saying perhaps innovations like that could help reduce warming.""We can't wait for the technology to come our way when, as Greta says... we know exactly what we need to do and that's to reduce emissions,"" Handford said.""If we're continuing to wait for technology which might not come, in order to reduce our emissions to the level that we need, then we're potentially pulling the futures away from so many of the younger generations and those to come."" Handford's fellow protest organiser, Luke Wijohn, was more succinct in his response to Garner's suggestion.""There are other things that suck in carbon dioxide, they're called trees,"" he said.Both organisers supported their fellow teen climate activist Greta Thunberg, who has been criticised for being too over the top in her recent appearance at the United Nations Climate Action Summit.""We're basically looking at the death of our generation, that's what we're fighting for it's our own lives now,"" Wijohn said. ""So if I get emotional, [or] Greta gets emotional while trying to fight for our lives when we're saying we want a future, while some people are saying 'no', that makes me emotional.""Handford agreed and said Thunberg has managed to communicate the fear many people her age are feeling.""How she can speak to world leaders and actually say 'how dare you', that's actually some of the stuff I feel every day, I feel fearful and I feel so angry...""I think she has not gone overboard, I think the opposite. That [speech] has inspired so many people to be really courageous in the way that they talk about climate change."""
337	4	The world is “losing the race” against climate change, United Nations chief Antonio Guterres has warned during a speech at the elite Davos forum, demanding bolder action from governments to arrest catastrophic warming.A World Economic Forum (WEF) survey ahead of the Davos meeting found climate change was the leading concern for forum participants from around the world, noting, in particular, the growing frequency of extreme weather events.“Climate change is the defining issue of our time. We are losing the race,” said Guterres. “It is absolutely central to reverse this trend.”Following a UN summit in Poland last month, which was designed to advance the Paris climate accord, Guterres said he was “not hopeful” that nations would find the necessary resolve.But he stressed: “We need political will and we need governments who understand this is the most important priority of our times.”The Paris accord has been shaken by the withdrawal of the United States under President Donald Trump and by threats to do the same by Brazil’s new far-right leader, Jair Bolsonaro.The UN secretary-general said the commitments made in Paris were already “not enough”. “If what we agreed in Paris would be materialised, the temperature would rise more than 3C,” he said.“We need countries to make stronger commitments,” Guterres said, calling for more measures to mitigate against climate change and adapt to it, along with financial aid for poorer countries.Many companies have touted their moves towards creating a greener economy, such as Patrick Pouyanne, CEO of French energy giant Total, who told the AFP news agency that “natural gas and renewables” are the best way forward. But activists say companies are not doing nearly enough.    One vocal voice in Davos this week has been Swedish 16-year-old Greta Thunberg, who has inspired a wave of climate protests by schoolchildren around the world after delivering a fiery speech at the UN climate summit last month. “They [companies] have known exactly what priceless values they have been sacrificing to continue making unimaginable amounts of money,” she told AFP in an interview.Former US secretary of state John Kerry, who signed the Paris accord for Washington in 2016, said 38 out of the 50 US states were implementing their own climate policies despite Trump’s withdrawal and vocal scepticism on climate change.
581	3	Climate change could wipe out more than half of the world's present wine-growing regions and force vineyards to change varieties in order to keep operating. Researchers led from Harvard University in the US found that just 2°C of warming would cut the amount of suitable wine-growing regions by as much as 56 per cent.However, trading their current grape varieties up for more heat-tolerant varieties could help keep some vineyards in business.For example, 'warmer' varieties like mourvèdre could be grown where cabernet sauvignon, merlot and pinot noir is currently cultivated.These cooler-temperature grapes could then by grown in new wine-producing regions north of their present locations.However, climate change will hit already hot regions like Italy and Spain the hardest, which will have no more-heat-resistant varieties to trade up to.Scroll down for videoClimate change could wipe out more than half of the world's present wine-growing regions and force vineyards to change varieties in order to keep operating'Substituting grenache or cabernet sauvignon for pinot noir, planting trebbiano where riesling is grown — these aren't painless shifts to make,' said food and conservation scientist Elizabeth Wolkovich of the University of British Columbia.'But they can ease winegrowers' transition to a new and warmer world.'Professor Wolkovich and colleagues found that if average global temperatures rise by 2°C, the regions of the world that are presently suitable for growing good wine grapes could shrink by as much as 56 per cent.With 4°C warming, however, the loss of global wine-growing regions could increase to 85 per cent.'These estimates, however, ignore important changes that growers can make,' Professor Wolkovich added.'We found that by switching to different varieties, vintners can lessen the damage — to just 24 per cent of areas lost.'In their study, the researchers focused on 11 varieties of grape: cabernet sauvignon, chasselas, chardonnay, grenache, merlot, (mourvèdre also known as monastrell), pinot noir, riesling, sauvignon blanc, syrah and ugni blanc.Based on past studies and vintner archives, the team built a model to determine when each variety would bud, flower, and ripen in wine-growing regions around the world under three different scenarios that considered 0°C, 2°C, and 4°C of warming.From this, they determined where each variety would be likely to produce viable harvests — or not — in each possible future.The team found that a reduction in wine-producing regions was unavoidable in both of the warming scenarios, thanks to shifting temperatures and seasonal changes that would affect conditions while the grapes were ripening.However, they also discovered that by switching around the locations in which different varieties are grown, it would be possible to 'reduce losses by a significant amount.'In fact, such adaptations could halve the potential losses of wine growing regions under the 2°C warming scenario and cut such by around a third — from 85 to 58 per cent — in the 4°C scenario.Other measures — like increased  irrigation and the use of shade cloths — could also help to protect grapevines from higher temperatures, but only under smaller warming scenarios.Researchers led from Harvard University in the US found that just 2°C of warming would cut the amount of suitable wine-growing regions by as much as 56 per centHowever, trading their current grape varieties up for more heat-tolerant varieties could help keep some vineyards in businessIn France's Burgundy region, for example, the researchers found that heat-loving mourvèdre and grenache varieties could replace traditional grapes like pinot noir.Meanwhile, mourvèdre could also be produced in the vineyards of Bordeaux that once cultivated cabernet sauvignon and merlot.The largest losses would be observed in those wine-growing regions that are already hot today — such as those in Australia Italy, and Spain — as vineyards there are already limited to the species of grape that grow in the warmest temperatures.In contrast, cooler wine-growing regions such as those found in Germany, New Zealand and US Pacific Northwest could remain relatively unscathed in the 2°C warming scenario.These regions, the team suggest, would become suitable for growing warmer-temperature varieties like merlot and grenache — while cooler-temperature varieties like pinot noir could be grown in more northern areas.In France's Burgundy region, for example, the researchers found that heat-loving mourvèdre and grenache varieties could replace traditional grapes like pinot noirThe researchers acknowledged, however, that there will be both cultural and legal hurdles to surmount if grape varieties are to be shuffled around'The effectiveness of any strategy depends on both the grape growers and people in general,' said Professor Wolkovich. 'Consumers who are willing to try new varieties can play a big part in helping save the regions people love'The researchers acknowledged, however, that there will be both cultural and legal hurdles to surmount if grape varieties are to be shuffled around.'The effectiveness of any strategy depends on both the grape growers and people in general,' said Professor Wolkovich.'Consumers who are willing to try new varieties can play a big part in helping save the regions people love.''Legislation can encourage growers to test out new varieties. And ultimately, people can make the largest impact through work to reduce emissions globally.'The full findings of the study were published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.'Legislation can encourage growers to test out new varieties. And ultimately, people can make the largest impact through work to reduce emissions globally,' Professor WolkovichWhen it comes to drinking wine, there a few things that can make all the difference.Australian wine-connoisseur Caitlyn Rees offers how to taste wines like an expertBefore you even down that first sip, you first need to take a look at the wine in your glass.'See refers to the appearance of the wine. This is where you can check the clarity, intensity and colour.'If the wine is hazy it could be faulty but more likely unfiltered.'You've probably seen wine drinkers swirl the wine in their glass before taking a sip.The reason is to allowed the wine to 'open up' and reveal the maximum amount of aroma, flavour and intensity.'Swirling releases the aroma particles that make the next step, smell, more helpful.'Smelling wine serves two purposes. It helps you detect scents and flavours as well as providing a way to check for faults.Once you've taken in the full aroma of the wine, now it's time to sip.Unless the wine you are tasting has gone bad, the final step in the process of wine tasting is to swallow.The trick though isn't to gulp it down.
155	1	"Amy Coney Barrett declined to say that climate change is real, calling it instead a “a very contentious matter of public debate” during the third day of her Supreme Court confirmation hearings.The judge made the comment on Wednesday as she was questioned by California Senator Kamala Harris, the Democratic vice presidential nominee, and a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee.Senator Harris asked Ms Barrett a series of questions, including whether she thought the coronavirus is infectious, whether smoking causes cancer and whether “climate change is happening and it’s threatening the air we breathe and the water we drink”.The judge responded that she thought Covid-19 was infectious and that people could get cancer from smoking.However she declined to answer on climate change, calling it “a very contentious matter of public debate, and I will not do that, I will not express a view on a matter of public policy, especially one that is politically controversial”.Some 97 per cent or more of climate scientists agree that climate-warming trends over the past century are being driven by human activities, largely the burning fossil fuels. The Supreme court nominee doubled down on comments she made on Tuesday, where she said that she has no “firm views” on climate change because she is “not a scientist”.Read our full mailing list consent terms hereRead our full mailing list consent terms hereJudge Barrett returned to Capitol Hill for a third day on Wednesday as senators dug into the conservative nominee’s stances on the Affordable Care Act, the landmark abortion ruling Roe v Wade, and potentially a disputed presidential election. She expertly deflected some lines of questioning, insisting she would bring no personal agenda to the court but decide cases “as they come"".On Tuesday, Republican Senator John Kennedy, of Louisiana, pursued questions aimed at, as he put it, showing what President Trump’s nominee “thought about the world”.“Do you have some opinions on climate change that you’ve thought about?” Mr Kennedy asked.Judge Barrett replied: “You know, I’m certainly not a scientist.”When asked to expand on her answer, she continued: “I mean, I’ve read things about climate change. I would not say that I have firm views on it.”The well-worn Republican talking point of “I’m not a scientist” has allowed a host of elected officials to equivocate on the scientific consensus on climate change, despite polls that show most Americans accept the reality of the crisis and want the government to take action.Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell,  Florida Governor Rick Scott, and former House Speaker John Boehner, all have all made similar “not a scientist” pitches when asked about the climate crisis.Michael McKenna, a Republican energy lobbyist, previously told the New York Times that it was “the dumbest answer I’ve ever heard”. He added: “Using that logic would disqualify politicians from voting on anything. Most politicians aren’t scientists, but they vote on science policy. They have opinions on Ebola, but they’re not epidemiologists. They shape highway and infrastructure laws, but they’re not engineers.”Judge Barrett has a slim judiciary record on environmental issues, and a question on climate change did not come up after she was nominated to the US Court of Appeals for the 7th Circuit by President Trump in 2017.The judge’s conservative views are at odds with the late Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, the liberal icon who she will replace. She would be Mr Trump’s third justice and her ascension is expected to tip the court 6-3 to the right. AP contributed to this report"
692	5	President Xi Jinping of China pledged on Tuesday that his country would adopt much stronger climate targets and achieve what he called “carbon neutrality before 2060.” If realized, the pledges would be crucial in the global fight against climate change.The announcement, made at the annual meeting of the United Nations General Assembly, is significant because China is currently the top producer of greenhouse gas emissions. What the country does to curb its emissions, therefore, is crucial to slowing down global warming on the whole.Todd Stern, the chief United States negotiator at talks for the 2015 Paris Agreement, called the carbon neutrality target “big and important news.”“The closer to 2050 the better,” Mr. Stern said.The timing of the announcement was equally notable, coming so close to United States elections in which climate change has become increasingly important to voters.President Trump has pulled the United States out of an international agreement aimed at slowing down climate change. His challenger, Joseph R. Biden Jr., has pledged to rejoin the accord and promised to spend $2 trillion to slash emissions and address the effects of climate change.“It demonstrates Xi’s consistent interest in leveraging the climate agenda for geopolitical purposes,” said Li Shuo, a China analyst for Greenpeace.In his speech, Mr. Xi called on countries to “achieve a green recovery of the world economy in the post-Covid era.”“Humankind can no longer afford to ignore the repeated warnings of nature and go down the beaten path of extracting resources without investing in conservation, pursuing development at the expense of protection, and exploiting resources without restoration,” Mr. Xi said.Not only was that a sharp counterpoint to the Trump administration’s expansive rollbacks of environmental protections, but also a way to deflect criticism of China’s own handling of the coronavirus epidemic.“The contrast between Xi’s speech and Trump’s speech is stark,” said Joanna Lewis, a Georgetown University professor who follows China’s climate policies. “While Trump’s speech blames China for the world’s problems, Xi’s speech calls for global response and highlights China’s contributions.”But his remarks were less than precise on how and how quickly China would ratchet up its climate policies.First, while Mr. Xi said China would peak its emissions of greenhouse gases “before 2030,” he did not specify how soon. In the past, China had said its peak emissions would come “around” 2030, after which its total emissions would begin to decline. China is on track to reach peak emissions within the next decade.Second, by saying China would aim to achieve carbon neutrality before 2060, Mr. Xi left vague exactly when that key threshold would be reached. There is scientific consensus that the world must reach carbon neutrality, sometimes referred to as net-zero emissions, by 2050 in order to have a reasonable chance of averting the worst climate hazards.“This announcement therefore buys China some time,” Dr. Lewis said, “since the results of the U.S. presidential election are certainly one factor China is considering as it finalizes its climate plan.”China is the world’s largest consumer of coal, even as it dominates clean energy technology, producing more solar panels and wind turbines than any country in the world. It is also the world’s largest manufacturer of electric cars and buses. Whether and how China transitions away from fossil fuels to renewable energy could become clearer when it issues its next five-year economic plan, which will guide the country’s economic trajectory from 2021 through 2025.Climate change stands to affect the supply of food and water in China, while sea level rise threatens densely populated industrial cities along the country’s coast. Average temperatures have risen faster in China than the global average between 1951 and 2017.
862	3	"         (AP)Global warming skeptics are agog that President Obama is seeking to dramatically increase federal funding for global warming research in the wake of the Climate-gate scandals that have emerged during the last three months.The federal budget for 2011 proposes $2.6 billion for the Global Change Research Program, a  21 percent boost over 2010. It will bring funding to a level higher than under any administration dating back to 1989 -- when global warming first attracted federal budget funds.In fact, critics note, overall climate funding is approximately as large as the entire federal government's budget was in 1932 -- $3.994 billion. (Additional money for climate science is apportioned to a number of federal agencies, like the Environmental Protection Agency, the Department of Energy and the National Science Foundation.)Critics are lambasting the Obama administration, saying it remains unfazed by the revelations of Climate-gate: doctored research statistics by British environmental scientists, attempts to discredit skeptics of global warming science, and disclosures that the U.N.'s own Nobel-Prize-winning climate science research was based on faulty research about the Amazon rain forest and Himalayan ice caps.Some public policy experts are expressing outrage that the White House is seeking to boost global warming research funding. ""Spending more money on research does not necessarily lead to concrete results,"" Norm Rogers, a senior policy adviser at the Chicago think-tank The Heartland Institute, told FoxNews.com.He said tens of billions of dollars have been spent on climate research in the last 20 years, and there remains no consensus on the science.Another expert, Professor Don Easterbrook at Western Washington University's department of geology, said the federal money ""ought to be spent carrying out real research on the climate.""Easterbrook said most of the federal funds so far have been spent on what he terms ""political science,"" which aims to find a manmade cause of global warming when there are any number of ways to investigate the causes of temperature change. These are political motivations rather than purely scientific reasons, he said.""This is a travesty,"" he told FoxNews.com.But other scientists applauded the proposed boost in federal money for climate research.""Funding for neglected basic research in geophysics, climate, and allied sciences is welcome,"" said Dallas C. Kennedy, a physicist with a doctorate from Stanford University. Kennedy believes those fields have seen dwindling resources in recent years, and money spent on them will yield better science.The administration's proposed changes include the creation of a new federal agency that will serve as a clearinghouse for climate-change data and resources. U.S. Commerce Secretary Gary Locke explained the potential benefits, saying ""we'll discover new technologies, build new businesses and create new jobs.""Howard Hayden, a professor of physics at the University of Connecticut who runs a newsletter called The Energy Advocate, said he believes good data has been gleaned from 20 years of global warming research. ""The data collection is useful and necessary,"" he said.Another scientist, Dr. Mitchell Taylor of the department of geography at Lakehead University in Thunder Bay, Ont., said funding priorities for the federal government need to be reshaped. There should be an ""independent reconciliation"" of the climate-change data that has been researched by the government and private institutions, he told FoxNews.com. He is calling for an independent body of experts -- including critics of the global warming hypothesis -- to sort through all the conflicting research.What's more, he said, the government should re-frame research to look critically at the global warming hypothesis in light of the recent data and ""investigate in a fair and balanced manner alternative explanations for climate change.""What, exactly, will the American taxpayer get for its global warming research dollars? The EPA is spending $43 million to implement the greenhouse-gas reporting rule, to perform regulatory work for the largest stationary sources of greenhouse gases, and to develop new standards for cars and trucks.Research being funded at the National Science Foundation seeks to promote ""discoveries needed to inspire societal actions leading to environmental and economic sustainability,"" according to an agency statement. The NSF's portfolio for global warming will reach $766 million.NSF and EPA spokesmen in Washington did not return e-mails requesting additional comment on the increased spending. But a fact sheet from the White House Office of Management and Budget portrays the global warming funding as part of the Obama administration's new jobs-creation policy, which aims at making the U.S. ""the world leader in developing the clean energy technologies that will lead to the industries and jobs of tomorrow.""Last year's budget provided $2.0 billion for the climate science program, a figure that doesn't include the half a billion in stimulus money that the White House directed to global warming, as Obama's science adviser recently told Congress.""Investments in climate science over the past several decades have contributed to an improved understanding of the global climate,"" said John Holdren, director of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy, in testimony before a House committee.Bryan Murphy and Sueanne Lee contributed to this report."
790	4	Between 1900 and 2015, a staggering 3,000,000 whales were caught by the whaling industry, causing great whale populations to plummet by around 66 to 90 per cent. Little did we know the importance of these great whales in climate change mitigation and fisheries management, or we may have acted differently. WHALES ARE ECOSYSTEM ENGINEERS Whales are truly ecosystem engineers; able to modify the environment around them, maintaining the health of the oceans and providing services to humans. READ MORE: * My generation has failed young Kiwis, but the student climate strike gives me hope * Scientists set 30 per cent target for the protection of open ocean by 2030 * Climate change will even change the colour of oceans, research finds These impressive animals influence: * Global carbon storage * The health of commercial fisheries * The functioning of the oceans, buffering marine ecosystems from stresses such as climate change. HEALTHY FISHERIES NEED WHALES Whales were once thought to be the bane of fishermen, taking their catch, but are now known to increase the productivity of oceans and fisheries through their faecal cycle. Whale faeces are deposited wherever whales routinely congregate, fertilising the waters and encouraging the growth of phytoplankton. These microscopic plants form the base of marine food chains and allow other more complex life to grow – ensuring there are plenty of fish in the ocean and supporting the fisheries we rely upon. Without this fertiliser input from whales, such ecosystems would likely collapse as phytoplankton no longer bloomed. WHALES MINIMISE THE EFFECTS OF CLIMATE CHANGE Blooms of phytoplankton are also the basis of the ocean's ability to absorb greenhouse gases and store them away permanently – protecting us from the impacts of climate change. As much as a third of the carbon dioxide produced by burning fossil fuels is absorbed by the ocean but this may be declining. As whales migrate from their productive feeding areas to calving areas, they move nutrients thousands of miles and defecate in new areas such as the Pacific Islands; increasing the area's productivity and carbon absorption. This input of nutrients not only supports local fish stocks but ensures healthy and resilient areas where ecotourism and local communities can thrive. In remote places such as Antarctica where iron is limited, marine life is reliant upon whales to bring iron and nitrogen-rich faeces to the area, so that life can grow and flourish. The iron-limited Southern Ocean plays an important role in regulating the planet's atmospheric carbon dioxide levels, with the 12,000 sperm whales found there permanently remove 200,000 tonnes of carbon from the atmosphere each year. WHEN WHALES DIE, THEY TAKE CARBON WITH THEM When whales die, their huge bodies sink to the bottom of the ocean and perform another surprising climate management service. Their carcasses store a vast amount of carbon, which sinks to the deep ocean; providing food and habitat for other species. Dozens, if not hundreds, of species rely upon these whales. This deep ocean carbon storage removes carbon from the atmosphere produced by humans and further helps prevent the impacts of climate change. Added to this, the great whales bring nutrients up from the ocean floor during their lifetime when they dive and surface, which helps even more phytoplankton to grow and absorb carbon dioxide from our atmosphere. THREATS TO WHALES AND HOW YOU CAN HELP Whilst whaling has ended in most countries, whales are still threatened by human activities such as: * Entanglement in fishing gear * Changes in sea temperature * Chemicals and metals in food chains * Plastic pollution You can find out more about the threats to whales and discover how to protect them in this new ocean superhero infographic. SWIMMING WITH WHALES For the experience of a lifetime, you can dive or swim with whales at a variety of destinations around the world. Popular choices locally include swimming with humpback whales at Ningaloo Reef in Western Australia, dwarf minke safaris at the Great Barrier Reef and humpback whale swimming at Tonga. This article and infographic was provided by writers at LiveAboard.com
572	0	A prominent Swiss-American climate change expert has died after falling into a crevasse 'when a snow bridge collapsed beneath him' in Greenland.Geologist Konrad Steffen, director of the Swiss Federal Institute for Forest, Snow and Landscape Research (WSL), was reported missing on Saturday. Mr Steffen, known as Koni, is believed to have fallen into a crevasse while examining a glacier near Ilulissat in southwest Greenland, his research institute said today.Christoph Hegg, Deputy Director of WSL, said: 'His loss is very profound.'He was very much involved in the IPCC chapters on ice and oceans. There he was one of the leading scientists in his field.'Geologist Konrad Steffen, director of the Swiss Federal Institute for Forest, Snow and Landscape Research (WSL) has died after reportedly falling through a crevasse in the ice in GreenlandThe Swiss-American climate change expert was reported missing 100 metres from his camp in Ilulissat on the southwest of the countryAfter going missing on Saturday, police initiated a search operation and on Sunday found evidence that the 68-year-old researcher had suffered a fatal accident.Police spokesman Brian Thomsen told local newspaper Sermitsiaq: 'We have found signs that the person fell through a crack in the glacier.'An accident has probably occurred and it is highly probable that the person in question has passed away.'The search near Ilulissat in southwest Greenland was then abandoned, without the body being found.During his annual expeditions, Mr Steffen and his teams would examine the Arctic snowpack in particularMr Steffen was 'one of the leading scientists in his field' according to Christoph Hegg, Deputy Director of the Swiss Federal Institute for Forest, Snow and Landscape Research (WSL)The accident occurred a mere 100 metres from the camp - dubbed the 'Swiss Camp' - where Steffen was staying, according to a Twitter post by fellow scientist Kathy Riklin, who said it seemed a snow bridge had collapsed under him.In Greenland, Steffen, assisted by NASA and the US National Science Foundation, had been building a network of automatic weather stations since 1990.At the time of the accident he was doing maintenance on these stations, according to Hegg.During his annual expeditions, he and his teams would examine the Arctic snowpack in particular.The search for Mr Steffen near Ilulissat in southwest Greenland (pictured) was abandoned on Sunday without the body being foundThe Domain of the Swiss Federal Institutes of Technology (ETH) board president Michael Hengartner paid tribute to the scientist.He said: 'With Koni Steffen's death, we have lost a uniquely kind and committed colleague. Everyone in the ETH Domain is greatly saddened by this loss. 'Our thoughts are with his family and friends, to whom we send our heartfelt condolences.'Born in 1952, Konrad Steffen was a dual Swiss and American citizen. He had headed the WSL since 2012. Having studied natural sciences, he gained a doctorate from ETH Zurich in 1984. In 1990 he was appointed as Professor of Climatology at the University of Colorado in Boulder, USA, where he subsequently headed the Cooperative Institute for Research in Environmental Sciences (CIRES).Current CIRES Director Waleed Abdalati, who earned his Ph.D. under Konrad Steffen's mentorship, said Steffen's death is a huge loss for the polar science community, as it is for his family.
241	3	If you think your hayfever is getting worse and lasting longer, you might be right. Warmer, windier weather, and more carbon dioxide in the atmosphere due to climate change is not good news for hayfever sufferers. Local and international studies showed that plants which produced allergy-stimulating pollens are thriving in modern conditions. There is “mounting concern that the prevalence of allergy diseases will increase under climate change”, according to a recent paper by Professor Rewi Newnham​ of Victoria University of Wellington. READ MORE: * Covid-19: Military-grade camera shows risks of airborne coronavirus spread * Hay fever sufferers beware: The great yellow clouds of swirling dust are upon us  * How to tell if it’s a simple allergy rather than coronavirus  “Rising atmospheric CO2 levels, altered patterns of precipitation and greater interannual variability, are likely to impact upon pollen allergen levels in New Zealand in a variety of ways and across different timescales.” Newnham said other factors in New Zealand such as land-use change were contributing to more prevalence of species which produced wind borne pollen. “We are modifying our landscape all the time. We’re introducing new plants, we’re replacing native vegetation with other land uses and that all has an effect on the pollen loading in the atmosphere.” His research also highlighted the need for more pollen monitoring in New Zealand to get a better handle regional allergen distribution. “New Zealand is lagging well behind other regions... by failing to implement a programme of routine aeroallergen monitoring at major population centres.”  Spring and summer saw widespread dispersal of grass pollens, which were whipped up by seasonal winds and spread far and wide. More pine plantations also produced vast amounts of pollen in spring. The Centres of Disease Control and Prevention in the United States said climate change would potentially lead to both higher pollen concentrations and longer pollen seasons, causing more people to suffer more health effects from pollen and other allergens. Penny Jorgensen​ of Allergy New Zealand said grass pollen was a big driver of allergies across the country this time of year. “It’s a very fine pollen particle which is very easily airborne, so we have a big problem with it in New Zealand because we also have such windy conditions that it blows around.” She said pollen occurs earlier in the north than the southern regions of New Zealand. “There's about a month’s variation in the timing.” “There is research that’s showing the impact of climate change and higher temperatures are contributing to grass growing a lot faster and they actual pollen itself could be more allergenic.” The MetService includes a pollen forecast level monitor on its regional web pages and also highlights some of the plants that are pollinating at the time. Jorgensen said if people had problems with allergic rhinitis, which was the most common seasonal allergic reaction, they should talk to their GP or pharmacist about what may work best for them. A runny nose, sneezing, itchy eyes and difficulty sleeping could all be associated with allergies. She said the combination of antihistamines and intranasal corticoid spray was one of the most effective tools in the battle against allergic rhinitis.
992	3	Every February, Brett Adee joins a caravan of semi-trucks, bound for California’s Central Valley, loaded with millions upon millions of fragile, precious cargo: honeybees. In order for the state’s almond trees to bear fruit – and thus generate an $11bn industry supplying 80% of the world’s almonds – they must be pollinated during the brief window in which the trees flower, from late February through March. And that requires an army of pollinators: some 1.8m hives of honeybees, almost the entire commercial supply in the US, drafted into big agriculture and trucked into central California from as far as the Great Plains and the east coast.The almond enterprise is cutthroat and risky, reliant on honeybees sent not so much to work as to war, which makes the European honeybee “a keystone species for us in the United States, even though they’re not native to the US, because of the way that they’re used in agriculture”, Peter Nelson, a 30-year beekeeper, told the Guardian. Which is why Adee monitors his hives so closely – the bees are the difference between an almond crop and a bust year. And the bees face increasing risks of disaster; in Nelson’s film The Pollinators, a 90-minute documentary on commercial beekeeping and its linchpin role in the American food supply, Adee assesses a field in Kern county, California, which appears hazy and idyllic – rows of white-bursting almond trees, dotted every couple of lines or so by palettes of Adee’s hives. But up close, it’s a scene of carnage.Piles of dead honeybees pool around each hive like splotchy puddles; Adee reports a “mass die-off”, probably from acute pesticide or fungicide poisoning. It could have been a neighbor who sprayed their trees too soon, or used a legal chemical toxic to bees without knowing. Adee’s team inspects, collects samples, runs tests – for the bees, and because hundreds of thousands of dollars are on the line. “If we put the same economic value on a honeybee as cattle, we wouldn’t have a pesticide investigator out there for these kind of losses,” he says. “We’d have the FBI out there.”The precarious state of the honeybee is not a new phenomenon, nor an understudied one, but its implication for American agriculture – and therefore America’s supply of produce in its bountiful supermarkets – is vast and undervalued by the general public. “Most of us are three or four generations off of the farm … for many people there’s not a real connection to who grows their food and how food is grown,” said Nelson. Disconnected from the massive farms which supply produce, most Americans are unaware of the honeybee’s essential role. “The farmers are using these bees essentially as an insurance policy to make sure that they have pollination,” Nelson said, “because if there isn’t pollination of something, you have no crop. It’s a necessity.”The Pollinators follows the frenzied, relentless work of the commercial honeybees, whose biological stability is threatened by a host of interlocking factors, and the workers who ferry them across America’s ravenous agricultural expanse. These beekeepers, the “last of the cowboys” as Adee calls them, crisscross the country from bloom to bloom, lugging a cumulative 2m hives from the almond groves in California to blueberry patches in Maine to apple orchards in Virginia – some 22 moves a year, according to keeper Davey Hackenberg.As numerous beekeepers, scientists and farmers explain, such harried movement – along with the pesticide use demanded by the market and American consumers, bee immune systems weakened from monocultural habitats, invasive mite species, and of course the exacerbating effect of climate change – has cultivated a beekeeping crisis. Between 2007 and 2013, more than 10m hives were lost worldwide – twice the normal rate – many from Colony Collapse Disorder (CCD), a mysterious phenomenon with no known single cause in which a hive’s worker bees disappear. Where beekeepers used to expect about 5% hive losses a year, they now routinely see upwards of 30%. One survey found that commercial bee farmers lost 40% of their hives – some 50 billion bees – during the winter of 2018-2019. “People talk about the financial viability of the bee industry,” says Adee in The Pollinators. “But I think what I’m more concerned with is the biological viability of the bee industry.”The Pollinators argues that CCD as a term masks a network of threats to the honeybee exacerbated by several interconnecting, preventable factors. “It would be nice if there was a tidy answer, like ‘bees are dying because of X,’” Sally Roy, Nelson’s wife and a producer on the film, told the Guardian. “But it’s more than one thing that’s causing the losses for bees.” Individual factors such as Varroa mites or overwork in monocultural fields would be more manageable in isolation but are compounded by a staple of American agriculture: pesticides. From the Central Valley’s toxic soup of chemicals to apple orchards’ crop-beautifying sprays, America’s agricultural industry runs on chemicals. Since 1996, farmers have shifted from a class of chemicals called organophosphates, which were dangerous for humans, to neonicotinoids, which take years to decay naturally and ravage bee health. And in a cruel irony, the chemicals stick around best in fatty substances, such as honeycombs.America’s current pesticide model – spray everything preventively – is “kind of like taking an aspirin in the morning because you might have a headache in the afternoon”, said Nelson, “whereas a much better approach would be integrated pest management”, a more labor-intensive method that targets certain pests in limited populations as they appear. “I don’t think it’s realistic to think we can live in a world without pesticides,” he said. “But it’s how we use them and the type that we use that really makes a difference.”While it may seem daunting to think of taking on entrenched and, as farmers testify in the film, economically necessary pesticide use, much of beekeeping and apiary science and improvement is “completely actionable”, said Nelson. “There are some global issues that we’re facing that can sometimes seem overwhelming … but with this problem, we can all do something.” He proposed a “scale of actionable things that people can do, from supporting your local beekeeper and buying local honey, support local CFAs, farmers’ markets”, to political action, such as advocating ending pesticide use on local roadsides. Even growing a pollinator garden, with a window box in cities, or not using herbicides or pesticides on your lawn – “lawns in America are essentially a giant monoculture that is everywhere,” said Nelson – can improve a local ecosystem, itself a smaller web of America’s food ecosystem dependent on strained populations of pollinators.“You can really participate in making a change, through education, through action, through becoming a beekeeper, through gardening – all of those things are super important to this issue and really can make a difference,” said Nelson. After all, Roy added: “this film,” and the health of the honeybee, “is only important if you eat food.”The Pollinators is out in the US digitally with a UK date yet to be announced
788	5	"For years, scientists have warned that without shifting energy consumption from fossil fuels to renewable sources, the planet will experience potentially disastrous levels of global warming. But a new report shows that many of the world's governments are not heeding their calls, and it's jeopardizing global efforts to contain the climate crisis.In fact, countries are on track to produce far more fossil fuels than what scientists say is allowed in order to limit global warming to 1.5 or even 2 degrees Celsius, according to a major new United Nations' (UN) analysis titled ""The Production Gap.""""The discrepancy between national policies -- that is, climate change policies and fossil fuel production policies -- highlights that there is much more that needs to be done both at the country level and in international climate negotiations to pay a sharpened and increased focus on fossil fuels,"" said Niklas Hagelberg, the UN Environment Program's climate change coordinator.Exactly how far out of line is fossil fuel production with goals set to limit global warming?Right now, governments are expected to produce 120% more fossil fuels by 2030 than what scientists say is permissible to keep the planet from warming 1.5 degrees Celsius (2.7 degrees Fahrenheit), and 50% more than what we can burn to keep warming to 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 degrees Fahrenheit).Of the fossil fuels, the report found that coal production is the furthest off track -- the world is expected to produce 150% more coal in 2030 than is allowed to keep global warming to no more than 2 degrees.The United Nations Environment Program's previous annual reports have served as a report card showing whether countries are hitting their benchmarks for reducing emissions.This report is the first to look at the supply side of the energy and climate equation. It examines whether plans for future fossil fuel production are in line with global pledges to reduce the release of heat-trapping gases.The findings suggest the actions of many countries don't match their words: While some say they plan to decrease their emissions, many are still building and investing in new fossil fuel projects.The authors propose several policy options to rein in production, such as placing limits on exploration and extraction of new fuel sources and ending subsidies for fossil fuels.""A lot of extraction projects wouldn't be economical without government support, so phasing out this support will make oil and gas uneconomical, and will level the playing field for renewable energy,"" said Ivetta Gerasimchuk, a lead for sustainable energy supplies at the International Institute for Sustainable Development in Geneva and one of the authors of the report.The report highlights the initiatives of several countries -- such as Belize, Costa Rica, France, Denmark and New Zealand -- that have already enacted partial or total bans on new oil or gas projects.Others, such as Germany and Spain, have taken action to stop coal mining.These findings come at a pivotal time for the future of the planet.Under the rules of the landmark 2015 Paris climate accord, countries are supposed to increase their commitments to reduce emissions of planet-warming gases every five years. Countries are expected to submit the first of these updated pledges by the end of 2020.Early next month, delegates from around the world plan to gather in Madrid for the next round of UN climate talks, and these revised pledges, which are due next year, will be a key focus of the summit.So far, 68 countries have stated their intent to enhance their commitments, but those countries represent just 8% of global emissions.The Madrid summit also comes as one of the key contributors to climate change -- the United States -- has signaled it is stepping away from international efforts to stem the crisis.Earlier this month, the Trump administration announced it had begun the formal process of withdrawing from the Paris Agreement, despite reports produced by the US government showing climate change will shrink the economy and lead to thousands of deaths."
980	3	"Video: Older New Zealanders increasingly concerned about climate change - study. Credits: Video - Newshub; Image - ReutersFive million people die every year as a result of abnormal temperatures linked to climate change, a new study has found.But while that number would be even higher if the planet wasn't warming, scientists say climate change is nothing to celebrate. Scientists at Melbourne's Monash University analysed temperature and mortality data from dozens of countries across the world over the first 20 years of this century, which have seen the rate of warming speed up. The conclusion? More than 9 percent of all deaths around the world can be blamed on the temperature - most of them due to the cold. Cold-related deaths decreased 0.51 percent between 2000 and 2019, and heat deaths rose 0.21 percent - this led to a ""reduction in net mortality due to cold and hot temperatures"", the scientists said. The most deaths due to heat per capita happened in Europe, while sub-Saharan Africa had the worst mortality when it came to the cold. New Zealand and Australia were lumped together in the study, which said between them they experience about 19,000 excess deaths each year due to abnormal temperatures - only about one in seven of those due to excess heat. Overall, most deaths due to abnormal temperatures happen in Asia - 2.6 million each year, 2.4 million of them due to cold. According to NASA, 19 of the world's hottest years since records began have happened in the past 20 years. Every year in the past decade has been hotter than the 20th century's record-holder, 1998. Global mean temperatures are increasing about 0.26C a decade. ""As each new year is added to the historical record, it becomes one of the top 10 warmest on record at that time, but it is ultimately replaced as the 'top ten' window shifts forward in time,"" according to the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.Global warming may ""slightly reduce the number of temperature-related deaths, largely because of the lessening in cold-related mortality"" said Prof Yuming Guo, who led the research.But that doesn't mean we should stick with gas-guzzling cars and coal-burning power stations.""In the long run, climate change is expected to increase the mortality burden,"" the study, published in The Lancet Planetary Health, said. That's because, Dr Guo says, ""hot-related mortality would be continuing to increase"". "
498	3	"The US is a hotbed of climate science denial when compared with other countries, with international polling finding a significant number of Americans do not believe human-driven climate change is occurring.A total of 13% of Americans polled in a 23-country survey conducted by the YouGov-Cambridge Globalism Project agreed with the statement that the climate is changing “but human activity is not responsible at all”. A further 5% said the climate was not changing.Only Saudi Arabia (16%) and Indonesia (18%) had a higher proportion of people doubtful of manmade climate change.Americans were also more likely than any other western country polled to say they did not know whether the climate was changing or people were responsible – a total of 13% said this.But despite these views, the great majority of US citizens do accept the science of climate change, with nearly four in 10 saying human activity was at least partly responsible, potentially with other factors, and a further third taking the stronger view that human activity is the dominant cause.The project is a new annual survey of global attitudes in 23 of the world's biggest countries, covering almost 5 billion people. The 2019 survey canvassed 25,325 people online across much of Europe, the Americas, Africa and Asia in February and March. Questions about populist attitudes and convictions were inserted in order to derive a ""populist cohort"", and discover what this group of people think about major world issues from immigration to vaccination, social media and globalisation.The full methodology can be found here. Scientists overwhelmingly agree that people are causing climate change through the exponential increase of greenhouse gas emissions over the years. Global emissions are still rising, and the last four years have been the hottest since records began.Last October, the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, the body of the world’s leading climate scientists, warned of the dire consequences of continued global warming, indicating the window of opportunity for action had narrowed to as little as 12 years.A global movement of young people calling for action has sprung up as a result, spearheaded by the Swedish teenager Greta Thunberg, giving way in London to a more feisty display of street protest orchestrated by the Extinction Rebellion group.In the US, street protests have been less visible but the political landscape around climate change has been transformed by the Green New Deal, an effort by the Democratic congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez to spur a second world war-level mobilisation to stem the increasingly severe hurricanes and wildfires that are racking the country.This week a UN global assessment report, compiled over three years by more than 450 scientists and diplomats, warned that a million species are at risk, largely as a result of human actions that are accelerating the decline of the Earth’s natural life-support systems at an alarming rate.But wider denial of climate science is down to a concerted campaign of misinformation by fossil fuel interests and aspects of American character, according to Margaret Klein Salamon, a clinical psychologist who founded the advocacy group Climate Mobilization.“The Koch brothers and the fossil fuel industry have put billions of dollars into lying to the American public, even sending literature to science teachers in schools,” Salamon said. “They are so well organised and have managed to turn climate change into a controversial subject that gets shut down. It’s clearly working.“There is also the issue of American individualism, remnants of manifest destiny, that don’t set us up well for understanding that we are part of the web of life. The American dream is quite self-involved. We need a new American dream.”Americans also appear unusually prone to climate-related conspiracy theories, the YouGov data suggests. A total of 17% of those polled agreed that “the idea of manmade global warming is a hoax that was invented to deceive people”.Belief in this conspiracy theory, which was previously invoked by Donald Trump, who falsely claimed climate change was made up by China, increases with age and also conservative political ideology. A total of 52% of Americans who described themselves as “very rightwing” to YouGov insisted global warming was a hoax. In Europe, fewer than one in 10 people across the major countries surveyed thought the climate was not changing or not changing owing to human activity, with only Poland showing a slightly higher number, with 12% taking one of these views.In the UK, the public’s appetite for stronger action on climate change appears to have increased markedly in the past few weeks alone, after this polling was carried out. The Extinction Rebellion mass protests have met with broad support, and the youth activist Thunberg was greeted by senior politicians, including the Labour party leader, Jeremy Corbyn, and the environment secretary, Michael Gove.Last week the UK government’s statutory adviser, the Committee on Climate Change, recommended ways in which the UK could reduce its greenhouse gas emissions to net zero by mid-century, and the UK parliament voted that the world was in a state of “climate emergency” and that action must be taken accordingly.Individuals often shrug that there is little they can do on their own – but the YouGov survey found people are already examining their own shopping habits for environmental reasons.A clear majority of those surveyed across all countries took the view that it was fairly or very important to buy ethical goods made in socially and environmentally responsible ways.Perhaps surprisingly, support for ethical shopping was weakest in Germany, with only 54% of people regarding ethical shopping as important, while 40% of people in the UK and the US viewed it as unimportant.The YouGov polling data, published exclusively by the Guardian, shows a clear majority of people around the world think climate change is happening and that it is all or partly down to human actions.Though holdouts still remain, particularly among people with self-described very rightwing political views – a third of whom either took a sceptical stance or said they did not know when asked about climate change – there appears a mandate in this data for politicians to take a bolder approach to dealing with global warming, said Wendel Trio, the director of Climate Action Network Europe, a civil society group.“Poll after poll confirms that there is a large majority of citizens who recognise that climate change is happening and is manmade,” said Trio. “Citizens expect governments to act and reduce our negative impact on the climate. Governments have the obligation to drastically increase emission reductions and protect their citizens from climate disasters.”"
107	4	"Australian billionaires Mike and Annie Cannon-Brookes have devoted a huge portion of their worth to ensuring the country meets its climate change responsibilitiesAustralian billionaires Mike and Annie Cannon-Brookes have pledged a slice of their wealth to helping the country fight climate change.Mr Cannon-Brookes, third on the Rich List for 2021 with a net worth of $33.5 billion, said the government needed to do more to address the 'growing environmental crisis facing the world and Australia'.The couple are donating $1.5 billion, including $1 billion in financial investments towards cutting carbon emissions and $500 million in philanthropic endeavours, all aimed at limiting global warming to 1.5C.'The two things required here is the ambition, and the urgency,' Mr Cannon-Brookes told AFR.'The next decade is the time that really matters, not, not the next 30 years to 2050. And that's what I'd like to see more philanthropists and investments doing, looking at the now.'The billionaires are devoting the money to help ensure global warming is capped at a 1.5 degree increase, with the environment facing catastrophe if it exceeds that figureMr Cannon-Brookes, who has a net worth of $33.5billion, said the government need to do more to address the growing environmental crisis facing the world and AustraliaThe billionaire founder of software company Atlassian described the Australian Government's approach to climate change as 'shameful' ahead of the Glasgow UN Climate Change Conference.He noted the responsibility of corporate leaders taking a stand in addressing the world's climate, saying there needed to be significant resources moved towards preventing further environmental destruction.'Urgency, whether that's at the Australian Government policy level or whether that's at the philanthropic level, or whether it's the investment level, we need to do it now,' he said.Mr Cannon-Brookes set a target of 2030 for his $1.5 billion investment so he can ensure the money is making an impact, rather than the government target's of net-zero emissions by 2050.'What I really like about how we set up our own personal goal to do it by 2030. This isn't sort of, ""by the time we die we'd like to do this"", it's like ""no, no, no, the next eight years is critical"",' he told AFR.The billionaire described the Australian government's approach to climate change as 'shameful' ahead of key Glasgow UN Climate Change ConferenceAustralians are demanding the government place a higher priority on addressing the global climate crisis He hoped the investment would encourage inventors and forward thinkers to come through with ideas for using the money.Prime Minister Scott Morrison did not plan to attend the summit, but changed his mind after public backlash and encouragement from US President Joe Biden and British Prime Minister Boris Johnson.Mr Morrison said his plan was to push ahead towards net-zero by 2050 regardless of the stalling Nationals, who have backing from the mining sector.  "
767	5	The Green New Deal, spearheaded by New York Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and Sen. Ed Markey of Massachusetts, has garnered attention for its ambitious goal of completely shifting to renewable and zero-emission energy over a decade.  Given these research findings and calls for aggressive plans of action, it can be hard to feel at all positive about current efforts to address climate change. But there is good news. The progress we have made to replace coal and gas as our primary energy sources has already begun to take control of some of the greatest contributors of greenhouse gas emissions. What is even more remarkable is we are doing it at little to no increase to the cost of power, according to my calculations.  Take the United States as an example. Wind and solar power are now on average the least expensive ways of generating electricity. In some locations, wind and solar energy prices are as little as one-third  the cost of coal. Even without including the contribution of coal to global warming, it is simply no longer a cost-effective energy source. Wind and solar are now economically sounder investments. But what about the unreliability of renewable energy sources by comparison? The United States is working on that, too. Power from windy or sunny days can now be stored in batteries, which has been a tremendous contributing factor to the reduction in the price of renewable energy sources. In addition, there is hydropower, which is renewable, and nuclear energy, which is carbon-free. Both sources are not intermittent, meaning they can be relied upon for constant power, and can complement battery storage and provide backup to renewables. As the Green New Deal gains steam, there is also further hope for an even more concerted economic transition to clean energy jobs and infrastructure. The increasing sophistication of electric car technology is another mitigating factor. Indeed, several forecasters expect the majority of new cars to be electric by 2040. The two remaining sources of greenhouse gas emissions -- space, water and industrial process heating, and agriculture -- could prove challenging, but if there is a will, there is a way. Meat replacements are now available in many supermarkets, and their widespread adoption will reduce agriculture's contribution to changing the climate. So how much would it actually cost the United States to replace all fossil fuels as the Green New Deal recommends? Not nearly as much as you might think. I estimate it would take a gross investment in renewable power plants, extra grid capacity, and storage capacity of about $3.3 trillion over the next 20-30 years (US GDP is about $20 trillion). But the cost is not really all chargeable to the transition to renewables. All our coal plants are old and will have to be replaced well before 2050. This is also true of many of our gas and nuclear plants, regardless of the movement to go carbon-free. That would offset the cost associated with transitioning by about $1 trillion. In the process of transitioning to a clean energy economy, we would also progressively eliminate the huge cost of fuel, an additional savings of about $1 trillion, by my calculation. Putting those figures in context, after factoring in miscellaneous savings, we are only looking at adding an approximate $1.1 trillion to go carbon-free by 2050 on top of what we're already spending on outmoded forms of energy generation. That breaks down to $34.4 billion per year for the next 32 years -- less than 0.2% of the current GDP. Right now, the United States is spending roughly $50 billion per year on infrastructure for power generation and the grid. So, we do not have to spend more, we just have to spend smarter.  Green New Deal proponents suggest we aim to become carbon-free within a decade or so. Given the sheer volume of investment needed, this is implausible: Midcentury seems the earliest we could reasonably expect to approach this goal.  Of course, climate change is not just a US problem but a global one. My numbers relate to the United States, but the same analysis applies to most countries. Indeed, many other industrial nations are making more rapid progress toward decarbonization than we are. Fossil fuels are less expensive in the United States than most other countries because we produce so much and tax them so lightly -- so if renewables are competitive here, they will certainly be competitive with carbon fuels elsewhere, too.  While we still have quite a way to go, we have begun the journey to a stable climate and a more sustainable economy where we can generate all the electric power we need without fossil fuels. And it may cost less than continuing on our current path.
839	5	Earlier this summer, a report issued by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, a body of scientists convened by the United Nations, found that some devastating impacts of global warming were unavoidable. But there is still a short window to stop things from getting even worse.This report will be central at COP26, the international climate summit where about 20,000 heads of state, diplomats and activists are meeting in person this week to set new targets for cutting emissions from coal, oil and gas that are heating the planet.In this lesson, you will learn about seven ways we can slow down climate change and head off some of its most catastrophic consequences while we still have time. Using a jigsaw activity, you’ll become an expert in one of these strategies or technologies and share what you learn with your classmates. Then, you will develop your own climate plan and consider ways you can make a difference based on your new knowledge.What do you know about the ways the world can slow climate change? Start by making a list of strategies, technologies or policies that could help solve the climate crisis.Which of your ideas do you think could have the biggest impact on climate change? Circle what you think might be the top three.Now, test your knowledge by taking this 2017 interactive quiz:A new book presents 100 potential solutions. Can you figure out which ones are top ranked?After you’ve finished, reflect on your own in writing or in discussion with a partner:What solutions to climate change did you learn about that you didn’t know before?Were you surprised by any of the answers in the quiz? If so, which ones and why?What questions do you still have about solving climate change?As you learned in the warm-up, there are many possible ways to mitigate the worst effects of climate change. Below we’ve rounded up seven of the most effective solutions, many of which you may have been introduced to in the quiz above.In this jigsaw activity, you’ll become an expert in one of the climate solutions listed below and then present what you learned to your classmates. Teachers may assign a student or small group to each topic, or allow them to choose. Students, read at least one of the linked articles on your topic; you can also use that article as a jumping-off point for more research.Climate Change SolutionsRenewable energy: Scientists agree that to avoid the most catastrophic effects of climate change, countries must immediately move away from dirty energy sources like coal, oil and gas, and instead turn to renewable energy sources like wind, solar or nuclear power. Read about the potent possibilities of one of these producers, offshore wind farms, and see how they operate.Refrigerants: It’s not the most exciting solution to climate change, but it is one of the most effective. Read about how making refrigerants, like air-conditioners, more efficient could eliminate a full degree Celsius of warming by 2100.Transportation: Across the globe, governments are focused on limiting one of the world’s biggest sources of pollution: gasoline-powered cars. Read about the promises and challenges of electric vehicles or about how countries are rethinking their transit systems.Methane emissions: You hear a lot about the need to reduce carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, but what about its dangerous cousin, methane? Read about ideas to halt methane emissions and why doing so could be powerful in the short-term fight against climate change.Agriculture: Efforts to limit global warming often target fossil fuels, but cutting greenhouse gases from food production is urgent, too, research says. Read about four fixes to earth’s food supply that could go a long way.Nature conservation: Scientists agree that reversing biodiversity loss is a crucial way to slow climate change. Read about how protecting and restoring nature can help cool the planet or about how Indigenous communities could lead the way.Carbon capture: Eliminating emissions alone may not be enough to avoid some of the worst effects of climate change, so some companies are investing in technology that sucks carbon dioxide out of the air. Learn more about so-called engineered carbon removal.Questions to ConsiderAs you read about your climate solution, respond to the questions below. You can record your answers in this graphic organizer (PDF).1. What is the solution? How does it work?2. What problem related to climate change does this strategy address?3. What effect could it have on global warming?4. Compared with other ways to mitigate climate change, how effective is this one? Why?5. What are the limitations of this solution?6. What are some of the challenges or risks (political, social, economic or technical) of this idea?7. What further questions do you have about this strategy?When you’ve finished, you’ll meet in “teaching groups” with at least one expert in each of the other climate solutions. Share what you know about your topic with your classmates and record what you learn from them in your graphic organizer.Option 1: Develop a climate plan.Scientists say that in order to prevent the average global temperature from rising more than 1.5 degrees Celsius, the threshold beyond which the dangers of global warming grow immensely, we will need to enact all of the solutions you learned about — and more. However, the reality is that countries won’t be able to right away. They will have to consider which can have the biggest or fastest impact on climate change, which are the most cost-effective and which are the most politically and socially feasible.Imagine you have been asked to come up with a plan to address climate change. If you were in charge, which of these seven solutions would you prioritize and why? You might start by ranking the solutions you learned about from the most effective or urgent to the least.Then, write a proposal for your plan that responds to the following questions:What top three solutions are priorities? That is, which do you think are the most urgent to tackle right away and the most effective at slowing global warming?Explain your decisions. According to your research — the articles you read and the quiz you took in the beginning of the lesson — why should these solutions take precedence?How might you incentivize companies and citizens to embrace these changes? For some ideas, you might read more about the climate policies countries around the world have adopted to help reduce greenhouse gas emissions.Option 2: Take action.Thinking about climate change solutions on such a big scale can be overwhelming, but there are things you can do in your own life and in your community to make a difference. Choose one of the activities below to take action on, or come up with one of your own:Share climate solutions via media. Often, the news media focuses more on climate change problems than solutions. Counteract this narrative by creating something for publication related to one or more of the solutions you learned about. For example, you could submit a letter to the editor, write an article for your school newspaper, enter a piece in one of our upcoming student contests or create an infographic to share on social media.Make changes in your own life. How can you make good climate choices related to one or more of the topics you learned about? For example, you could eat less meat, take public transportation or turn off your air-conditioner. Write a plan, explaining what you will do (or what you are already doing) and how it could help mitigate climate change, according to the research.Join a movement. This guest essay urges people to focus on systems, not themselves. What groups could you get involved with that are working toward some of the solutions you learned about? Identify at least one group, either local, national or international, and one way you could support it. Or, if you’re old enough to vote, consider a local, state or federal politician you would like to support based on his or her climate policies.Want more Lessons of the Day? You can find them all here.
931	4	"New Zealand accounts for a fraction of the world's greenhouse gas emissions, about 0.17 per cent in 2014. But, on a per capita basis we have an out-sized carbon footprint, emitting 18 tonnes of greenhouse gasses per person, every year. That makes New Zealand the 21st biggest per capita contributor to climate change in the world. Amongst the OECD (other rich nations which we benchmark ourselves against) we have the fifth highest per capita emissions. READ MORE: * What's the beef with methane? * Climate change blame game only stalls progress * Climate change report a wake-up call for NZ farming That's because New Zealand has a small population (4.8 million) and a lot of cows (10m) and sheep (30m). Cows and sheep emit methane into the atmosphere and methane is considered 28 times worse for the planet than CO₂. Agriculture is responsible for about half of New Zealand's gross emissions. Not all greenhouse gasses have the same impact on the atmosphere, so in order to calculate a country's total carbon footprint, the impact of all the different gasses are expressed in terms of their CO₂ equivalent. One tonne of methane is 28 tonnes of CO₂-equivalent when it comes to calculating New Zealand's greenhouse gas emissions. Specifically, that means one tonne of methane has as much ""global warming potential"" over 100 years as 28 tonnes of CO₂. In the long-run (beyond 100 years) CO₂ persists in the atmosphere many centuries longer than methane and continues contributing to warming. While methane is very damaging in the short-term, it disappears relatively quickly. But with the deadline for reducing global emissions to avoid ""catastrophic climate change"" only decades away, it makes sense to heavily weight the short-term impact of gasses like methane.  "
300	5	"A HUNDRED years from now, looking back, the only question that will appear important about the historical moment in which we now live is the question of whether or not we did anything to arrest climate change. Everything else—the financial crisis, the life or death of the euro, authoritarianism or democracy in China and Russia, the Great Stagnation or the innovation renaissance, democratisation and/or political Islam in the Arab world, Newt or Mitt or another four years of Barack—all this will fade into insignificance beside the question of whether we managed to do anything about human industrial civilisation changing the climate of Planet Earth. It's extremely hard to focus on this, because environmentalism goes in and out of political fashion depending on the economy, war, and so forth. But from the perspective of our great-grandchildren, the only thing that's going to seem important is whether we burned all the fossil fuel on the planet and sent global temperatures up by at least 4 degrees Celsius in the next century, or whether we took collective action, shifted our energy sources, and held the global temperature rise to 2 degrees or less.Actually, I take that back: there are two possibilities. The first is that global warming will seem to have been the overwhelmingly important question, a hundred years on. The other possibility is more depressing, but I'll get to that later.So, the global climate change conference in Durban surprised most everyone and managed to pull out a deal at the last minute. I found this surprising because unlike other organised bodies that tend to swirl around in terrifyingly chaotic bickering before pulling out a deal at the last second, such as the United States Congress or the European Union, the global climate change conference doesn't have anything immediately at stake for any of the participants. No governments would have fallen if the negotiators in Durban had failed to reach an agreement (more's the pity). And yet they reached one. This seems to indicate that something in the politics of climate change may have shifted a bit.How good is it? Pilita Clark and Andrew England at the Financial Times have the consensus optimistic take: a European Union team ""prodded the conference to achieve what more than a decade of climate negotiations had never done before. Finally the world agreed that every country, no matter how rich or poor, would cut its greenhouse gas emissions under a global pact with 'legal force'"". Michael Levi at the Council on Foreign Relations has the pessimistic take: the actual phrase, ""a process to develop a protocol, another legal instrument or an outcome with legal force under the Convention applicable to all Parties"", was the result of a hard-fought battle by India to block any tight promise of a binding treaty, and ""an outcome with legal force"" might refer to almost anything with even a little bit of legal force.Dave Roberts is somewhere in between. As with every bit of climate-change progress, he says, the verdict is: ""compared to what's needed, a failure; compared to what's possible, decent."" His five takeaways are mostly negative: the world is still on track for more than 4 degrees in temperature hikes even if every country implements every carbon-emissions reduction it's planned; the promise to develop an agreement by 2015 which will become ""an outcome with legal force"" by 2020 will be just a scrap of paper for a President Romney. But on the bright side, he says, the reason an agreement was reached at all, and the reason it covers the rising economies of India and China, is that the politics of climate change in the developing world have changed. The island states and the Least Developed Countries (LDCs) squared off against India and forced the agreement: they face all the catastrophic results of climate change (desertification, submersion) with no promise of fossil-fuel-driven development. He cites Karl Hood of Grenada: ""While they develop, we die; and why should we accept this?"" As the impact of climate change hits home at the level of national politics, the issue may finally acquire a desperate, critical constituency. That's the missing ingredient.I haven't been to Grenada. When I think about the places where climate change hits hardest, the image that comes to mind is the long drive from Mali back through Burkina Faso to Togo, across the barely cultivable brown land of the sahel. These are countries where large portions of the population are still subsistence farmers, where simple habitability is already on a knife's edge, even at incomes and levels of water use a tiny fraction of those in developed countries, and where populations are growing at 2.5% a year or more. If the rest of Mali is buried by the Sahara, where do those millions of people go?Possibly, that threat will be enough to focus these countries' political interests on climate change as the critical issue of our time, and possibly, that will help lead to a global agreement with teeth by 2020. But there's another possibility, the one I alluded to at the top. Maybe a hundred years down the line, nobody will look back at climate change as the most important issue of the early 21st century, because the damage will have been done, and the idea that it might have been prevented will seem absurd. Maybe the idea that Mali and Burkina Faso were once inhabited countries rather than empty deserts will seem queer, and the immiseration of huge numbers of stateless refugees thronging against the borders of the rich northern countries will be taken for granted. The absence of the polar ice cap and the submersion of Venice will have been normalised; nobody will think of these as live issues, no one will spend their time reproaching their forefathers, there'll be no moral dimension at all. We will have wrecked the planet, but our great-grandchildren won't care much, because they'll have been born into a planet already wrecked."
386	4	New Zealand has declared a climate change emergency and committed to a carbon-neutral government by 2025, in what the prime minister Jacinda Ardern called “one of the greatest challenges of our time”.A motion tabled in parliament on Wednesday recognised “the devastating impact that volatile and extreme weather will have on New Zealand and the wellbeing of New Zealanders, on our primary industries, water availability, and public health through flooding, sea level rise, and wildfire”.Thirty-two other nations have formally acknowledged the global crisis by declaring a climate emergency.The motion acknowledged the “alarming trend in species decline and global biodiversity” including the decline in New Zealand’s indigenous biodiversity. The declaration of a climate emergency was supported by the Green Party and Māori Party and opposed by the National and Act parties.Speaking in parliament after its introduction, Ardern said the country must “act with urgency”.“This declaration is an acknowledgement of the next generation. An acknowledgement of the burden that they will carry if we do not get this right and do not take action now,” she said.“It is up to us to make sure we demonstrate a plan for action, and a reason for hope.”Ardern said the government sector will be required to buy only electric or hybrid vehicles, the fleet will be reduced over time by 20% and all 200 coal-fired boilers used in the public service’s buildings will be phased out.The motion also calls for recognition of the “significant progress on meeting the challenge” by the country through signing the Paris Agreement and passing the Zero Carbon Act 2019, which commits New Zealand to reducing emissions.That legislation – which sets up a Climate Change Commission tasked with putting the country on a path to net zero emissions by 2050 – made New Zealand one of few countries to have a zero-emissions goal enshrined in law.But experts says the country is well behind on changes needed. The lack of action was “embarrassing” and had become “untenable”, University of Canterbury political science professor Bronwyn Hayward said last week. “The irony is, even under [President] Trump, the US is going to have made better per-capita reductions than we have.”Writing in The Conversation, Robert McLachlan, a professor of applied mathematics at Massey University, said New Zealand was yet to make emissions reductions. Of 43 industrialised countries, New Zealand is among 12 that have seen net emissions increase between 1990 and 2018.This is despite strong statements from the prime minister, such as this when the Zero Carbon Act was passed in November last year: “[New Zealand is] on the right side of history. I absolutely believe and continue to stand by the statement that climate change is the biggest challenge of our time.”Wednesday’s declaration also said the government will “demonstrate what is possible to other sectors of the economy by reducing the government’s own emissions and becoming a carbon-neutral government by 2025”.But opposition parties have described the move as a publicity stunt, with the National Party leader, Judith Collins, calling it “virtue signalling”.“We think it’s all very well to declare an emergency but there’s no proper plan in place as to how to deal with it,” Collins told Radio New Zealand.As an example, she pointed to the government’s fleet of more than 15,000 vehicles, of which only about 10% are electric.New Zealand contributes just 0.17% of global emissions but that is high for its size, placing it 17th out of 32 OECD countries. Its net emissions have risen by 60% in the past two decades.The nation’s biggest source of CO2 emissions is road transport but most greenhouse gases stem from agriculture.New Zealand’s pledges have been seen internationally as less than required and the second-term Labour government is yet to introduce carbon-cutting policies that would put the country on track to meet its emission targets.
490	4	The chancellor of the exchequer must lay out urgent plans to realign government spending with the target to cut carbon emissions to net zero, or risk missing the target and fuelling high carbon emissions for years to come, Labour has urged.The warning comes as the Treasury prepares key policy announcements on the UK’s recovery from the coronavirus recession, which Rishi Sunak is expected to set out in his spending review next week.Environmental campaigners are pinning their hopes on the chancellor proving more receptive to a green recovery than the prime minister, after Boris Johnson set out his vision for a “new deal” this week in which the climate crisis merited barely a mention, but “newt counting” was singled out as “a drag on productivity”.Wes Streeting, Labour’s shadow exchequer secretary to the Treasury, said a key test for Sunak would be the Treasury’s Green Book, a set of guidelines that governs how ministers and civil servants appraise and evaluate policy, projects and programmes.Streeting wants to see sweeping reforms. “The Treasury really is crucial [and] should step up,” he told the Guardian in an interview. “A reform of the Green Book should have net zero writ large, so that the civil servants and ministers making appraisals of policy can take account of whether those policies help or hinder reaching net zero.”The Green Book matters because in the past many proposed green policies, such as incentives for low-carbon energy, or infrastructure building, have fallen foul of the Treasury’s criteria on value for money. But if the net zero target, enshrined in law last year, is to be reached then it must also be made a key criterion for the Treasury.“They are squandering this opportunity,” said Streeting. “The government approach to climate change reeks of complacency. But the Committee on Climate Change has warned that they’re not going far enough, fast enough. There is no plan for net zero.”Streeting also called for the chancellor to put in place a programme of energy efficiency improvements for Britain’s homes: the draughtiest in Europe and a leading source of greenhouse gas emissions. On electric vehicles, he said the government needed to provide more incentives to car-owners.He urged the chancellor to fund a new green infrastructure bank, that would provide public money and attract private sector investment for big projects such as improving the railways and public transport. The long-awaited national infrastructure strategy has been put off until this autumn, which will also delay net zero plans, he warned.“There is no shortage of ideas and recommendations [on how to ensure the economic recovery is in line with the net zero target] but what’s missing is leadership and action,” Streeting said.If the government were to bring forward plans for a green recovery, Labour would support them, he pledged. “We worked constructively with the government on the coronavirus crisis,” he pointed out. “Net zero is a cross-party issue.”The Liberal Democrats are also pushing for the government to ensure its spending plans lead to a green recovery, after Johnson’s “new deal” announcement held little new policy on cutting emissions. The party is hoping for wider backing for a new draft bill that would require the secretary of state to help the 2.6m households in England living in fuel poverty, making fuel bills cheaper and reducing the UK’s carbon footprint.The private member’s bill would require the government to ensure all fuel-poor households were brought up to energy performance band C by 2030 and all other households to the same band by 2035.The Liberal Democrat peer and former MP for Bath, Don Foster, told the Guardian that the government had promised such action on fuel poverty in 2017 but had failed to follow through. “The prime minister has promised a green recovery to help rescue our economy from the coronavirus crisis – however, we are yet to see any concrete action,” he said. “If this government is determined to prove their green recovery is more than just empty promises, they need to be more ambitious. Backing this bill would be a welcome start.”A Treasury spokesperson said: “The Green Book requires that environmental impacts – including the impact on our net zero target – are considered in all government investment decisions. We remain committed to tackling climate change and as our economy reopens following from the coronavirus outbreak we will seeks to drive clean, sustainable growth across all regions. This includes continuing the review of the Green Book and our processes for allocating funding.”Next week, after the chancellor’s announcement, the UK will be one of the leading participants in a key summit on the green recovery, to be held by the International Energy Agency with the US, China, India, Brazil and the EU participating. The UK will be in the spotlight as host of the next UN climate summit, Cop26, postponed to next year.Streeting said: “Cop26 is the last chance saloon. The UK has a huge responsibility to the rest of the world. But we are clearly behind on Cop26. We need to do more.”
918	5	"Eliminate fossil fuel pollution by 2050. Cut emissions in half by 2030. Expect sea level rise perhaps a meter or so by 2100 (or more than that in worst-case scenarios).Those years -- 2030, 2050, 2100 -- can seem a way-off future, beyond the gravity of this-second news cycles.  Who actually imagines, as part of daily life, what the year 2100 will look like? We're just trying to get through the US election cycle this year -- or through the coronavirus pandemic. We view the world through a right-now lens. The artist and philosopher Jonathon Keats, however, finds daily, yearly and even decadal timeframes to be incredibly myopic. To try to get us to think outside our own time, Keats has developed a ""Millennium Camera"" that now is taking a 1,000-year exposure of Lake Tahoe in California. Keats has installed two other thousand-year cameras, one in Massachusetts and another in Arizona. More are in the works. The aim of this long-duration photography is to trigger new thinking about the planetary crisis that's caused by humanity's inability to stop burning fossil fuels and chopping down forests. The Millennium Camera is of the pinhole variety. It contains an oil paint that bleaches slightly over time, capturing a time-lapse image of the landscape, which can be expected to shift -- perhaps becoming more arid -- beneath the forces of global warming. ""If the landscape changes over time, the photographic plate will show multiple overlapping scenes or the motion blur of a scene that gradually morphs,"" Keats told me.""It's like a whole movie compressed into a single frame.""The images from each camera won't be ready until the 31st Century.Yep, 3020-ish. ""In geological terms, that's practically next week,"" he said.In climate change terms, that's true, as well.Not that we usually think of it that way.""Pretty much all of the warming that we've seen will persist for 1,000 years,"" said Kirsten Zickfeld, an associate professor of geography at Simon Fraser University, who thinks about the year 3000 way more than most of us (which, outside sci-fi, is probably never). ""Almost none of the warming we're experiencing today will have vanished.""The reason? Something like 40% to 50% of the carbon dioxide we're pumping into the atmosphere now will still be traveling through atmospheric and oceanic systems in the year 3000, Zickfeld said, ensuring that temperatures remain elevated and sea level rise continues to accelerate. The carbon that's junking up the atmosphere will last even longer than that -- perhaps 10,000 years, she said -- if we really keep polluting at out-of-control rates.""Imagining that the decisions that we made in the past and that we make today will affect Earth and life on Earth for such a long period of time -- it's mind boggling,"" Zickfeld told me.Knowing today's pollution lasts at least 1,000 years is potentially paralyzing news. But look at the inverse: If and when we decide to end the fossil fuel era, stopping the pollution that's heating up the Earth, those actions will matter for a millennium, too. Our actions reverberate for thousands of years -- at least!Those of us who tell the story of the climate crisis rarely acknowledge that timescale.Maybe that's just as well, Zickfeld told me, because, from a policy perspective, we really do need to reach net-zero carbon emissions in the next few decades to have even the slightest glimmer of hope of meeting international targets set in the Paris Agreement. In other words, there truly is such an extreme urgency to the now-now, the next-10-years now, that a person could be forgiven for not engaging in 1,000-year thought experiments.But this is only part of the picture. Because without recognizing the intra-millennial consequences of our today-actions, we'll fail to see the urgency of this moment.I believe that's already happening. Activists love to say that the climate crisis is extremely urgent and fast-moving -- that momentum for change is building like never before.  I want this to be true. While it is true that we are able to see evidence of massive changes all around us -- fires, droughts, storms and so on -- this crisis is happening more slowly than our own human psychology can perceive. Academics call this ""shifting baseline syndrome"" or ""generational amnesia"" -- the idea that environmental change is happening slowly enough that we don't see it (or don't live long enough to see it). And we therefore unknowingly accept an increasingly degraded and dangerous planet as normal. Our very conception of ""normal"" shifts forward with us through time. We may always feel a little freaked out, but we rarely or never consciously see the scope of change.One example: Frances C. Moore, an assistant professor at the University of California, Davis, analyzed tweets about the weather and found that we only access a memory bank that's about two to eight years long when we decide whether today is ""hot."" That memory shifts forward with us through time, creating the prospect that the Earth will always ""feel"" about as hot as it does right now, even as temperatures increase dramatically. My documentary series, BASELINE, which is revisiting four communities on the frontlines of the climate crisis every five years, until 2050, is one attempt to make sense of the magnitude of change that is getting right past the alarm systems in our brains.Keats' 1,000-year camera is another take.He aims to show the climate crisis on its own timescale, not ours.Will it work? Well ... ""Although I've taken great care to make these cameras as durable and functional as possible, I think it's highly unlikely that any will survive the next millennium of wear and tear,"" he said. ""And even if a camera is still intact after 1,000 years, and somebody recovers it, I think it's unlikely that the image will be properly exposed.""Still, that's beside the point, and Keats knows it.He's not creating 1,000-year images for future people, not really.He's making them for us.To connect us to that future.And to help us realize that we're already living it."
49	4	Fed up with slow (or in some cases, backwards) progress on climate change, environmental advocates are mulling desperate measures. Emerging at the head of this pack is arguably the world’s most prominent climate scientist: James Hansen, a former NASA researcher turned activist.This article is from the archive of our partner .So it’s come to this.Last year, a researcher presented a paper on climate change at the American Geophysical Union’s meeting entitled ”Is Earth F**ked?” which advocated “environmental direct action, resistance taken from outside the dominant culture, as in protests, blockades and sabotage by indigenous peoples, workers, anarchists and other activist groups.”Last month, the Philippines climate commissioner and self-styled revolutionary Naderev “Yeb” Saño held a 13-day fast in the midst of an international climate summit, just hours after Typhoon Haiyan ravaged his home country. In a tearful speech quoting Gandhi, he said: “We cannot sit and stay helpless staring at this international climate stalemate. It is now time to take action. We need an emergency climate pathway.”And only last week, a conference of climate scientists in London explored the theme of “radical emissions reduction” after noting that “nothing that we’ve said or done to date about climate change has made any detectable dip whatsoever”. Via a weblink, author Naomi Klein compared the fight against climate change with the struggle against South African apartheid, and said, “an agenda capable of delivering radical emissions reductions will only advance if accompanied by a radical movement.”Fed up with slow (or in some cases, backwards) progress on climate change, environmental advocates are mulling desperate measures. Emerging at the head of this pack is arguably the world’s most prominent climate scientist: James Hansen, a former NASA researcher turned activist.In a provocative study published earlier this month, Hansen and a group of colleagues make the case for why radical action is needed. The now commonly embraced international target of keeping global warming at a maximum of 2°C above pre-industrial levels—a hard-won, but politically negotiated goal—is actually much too high, Hansen says, and we should instead aim for 1°C. That would be barely a blip higher than current levels of global warming (around 0.8°C), but still the highest level ever experienced over the 10,000-year course of human civilization. ”Our objective is to define what the science indicates is needed, not to assess political feasibility,” the paper says.Hansen’s main point is simple: If the Earth hasn’t experienced temperatures warmer than 1°C as a result of natural climate variability for at least the last 100,000 years, that’s probably about where we should draw our human-caused global warming line-in-the-sand. Beyond that point, things start to unravel pretty quickly. Environmentalists have dubbed this acceleration of warming “the wheelchair curve“:As warming approaches 2°C, it locks in an additional 10-20 meters of sea level rise over the next few hundred years—enough to flood every coastal city in the world. Ecosystem collapse would be virtually assured, as plants and animals that have evolved into precise niches over hundreds of thousands of years are forced to adapt to new conditions in just a decade or two. Even assuming we eventually stop emitting CO2 completely, reaching 2°C could, the study shows, mean we remain above 1°C for hundreds of years or more.And if warming goes over 2°C, Hansen and his colleagues present a familiar litany of climate impacts: mass extinctions, stronger storms, and increasingly severe effects for human health, along with “major dislocations for civilization.”The study’s key takeaway is that unless CO2 emissions peak right about now—which they are clearly not doing—in just a few more years we will lock in a 2°C rather than a 1°C temperature rise. That will set climate impacts in motion for the next thousand years or so, barring advances in technology that are currently largely discredited as either too expensive or too impractical on the scale necessary to reverse the warming that’s already baked into the system.As we reported recently, the UN has endorsed a carbon “budget”—a maximum of one trillion tonnes of carbon emitted into the atmosphere to keep warming below 2°C. To stay below 1°C, Hansen et al argue that the world can burn only half this amount.To achieve this, they say, global CO2 emissions would need to peak immediately and decline three times faster than the rate currently being discussed for inclusion into the next global climate treaty—a 90% reduction by 2030. The current UN plan (dotted line in the chart on the left below) won’t even be implemented until 2020 at the earliest. Even if by some miracle Hansen’s plan (the solid line in the chart on the left) took effect this week, he says we’d still have only a 50/50 shot at staying under 1°C.Basically, if we wait even a few years to implement anything less than a fossil-fuel starvation diet, momentum already built into the system nearly guarantees the climate is toast. To quote the study:The inertia of energy system infrastructure, (i.e., the time required to replace fossil fuel energy systems) will make it exceedingly difficult to avoid a level of CO2 that would have highly undesirable consequences.Hansen and his associates admonish the environmental community for doing the same things over and over again—advocating for renewable energy, recycling, and hybrid cars—and expecting different results. The change that is produced in this way is much, much too slow, they say. Their study concludes with what can only be characterized as a call to arms: a global challenge akin to the anti-slavery and civil rights movements, begging the world’s young people to disrupt their governments and demand immediate action on climate change.In short, we’re talkin’ ’bout a revolution—or in the words of the paper, “a human ‘tipping point’.”Are there no other options? Hansen and his co-authors argue there is a sliver of hope the world could stay near a 1°C goal if there were a bilateral agreement between the US and China—the world’s two biggest carbon emitters. Such a deal would need to immediately implement a gradually escalating carbon tax, rebate the revenue to its citizens equally per person, and place trade duties on any other country not willing to join in. That could quickly shift the world to a low-carbon economy, perhaps with enough cushion to prevent the most dangerous aspects of climate change. However, the authors dismiss this possibility as extremely unlikely.Another possible silver bullet, trusting technology to zap climate change via geoengineering (like sucking carbon dioxide directly from the air) is also a non-starter. Hansen et al calculate that the cost of immediately implementing free-air carbon capture, an unproven technology at large scale, would be around $50 trillion, though they admit that cost could come down a bit with future advances.In Hansen’s view, young people have the best reason to fight the system. He has said he quit his job at NASA so he could more fully embrace climate activism, including a plan to sue the government on behalf of younger generations for failing to act on climate change in time. (At least in the United States, trying to sue corporations would probably fail). He explained his strategy of helping youth fight climate change through the court system in a recent op-ed for CNN.And indeed, the US military already seems to be preparing for climate-induced mass protests, the Guardian reported in June, based on documents leaked by NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden.But as with all revolutions, the fight for the climate will need a catalyst. It’s unclear what that might be, especially when the very consumption culture that forms the bedrock of the present-day economic system is so ubiquitous—and also at the root of the climate problem itself. Young people growing up now contemplating their futures may have the biggest reason for alarm, but with a problem like climate change that feels complex, distant and abstract, it may be hard to make the urgency that Hansen expresses resonate broadly.And even if a “human tipping point” comes—an Arab Spring for the climate—will it sustain its momentum or, like most of the recent uprisings, burn out or collapse into factional bickering?This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire.We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
216	4	"A survey published Tuesday by the charity CDP suggest that growing demand for low-emission products and shifts in consumer preferences could generate over $2 trillion for leading businesses. CDP, which was formerly called the Carbon Disclosure Project, said that nearly 7,000 companies including Microsoft (MSFT), Apple (AAPL), JP Morgan Chase (JPM) and Visa (V) responded to its 2018 survey. The results show that while 80% of the largest companies expect climate change to result in major changes including extreme weather patterns, some firms have not yet studied the issue closely. ""Our collective response to climate change is more urgent than ever, and it is clear that corporate action cannot be delayed,"" Nicolette Bartlett, director of climate change at CDP, said in a statement. ""It is hugely encouraging that companies are reporting that the potential value of climate opportunities far outweigh the costs,"" she added. CDP encourages companies and governments to disclose information related to climate change. It's part of a coalition of advocacy groups and investors that have been pushing companies to reduce greenhouse emissions.Some 215 of the world's largest public companies responded to the group's survey questions on financial risks, identifying $970 billion in potential costs including asset write offs. Meanwhile, 225 large firms reported business opportunities related to climate worth $2.1 trillion. Nearly all of the opportunities for new revenues, including electric vehicles and renewable energy, were described as ""highly likely"" or ""virtually certain.""The gap between costs and opportunities means that investors should expect ""a significant shift in climate-friendly products and services from the world's largest companies,"" according to CDP.Financial services companies reported the largest costs (including to their clients) and opportunities, a trend that Bartlett attributed to increased awareness caused by scrutiny from regulators and stakeholders.""The potential gaps in awareness and disclosure elsewhere in the economy present real risks,"" she said. ""Regulators and investors should take note, and all companies from all industries need to step up."" Pressure has been mounting on large public companies to do more on climate change following the publication last year of a landmark report by the United Nations. The UN report warned that the world has only 12 years to avert a climate disaster and called for ""rapid, far-reaching and unprecedented changes in all aspects of society."""
887	3	Scientists are increasingly confident of the links between global warming and hurricanes.In a warming world, they say, hurricanes will be stronger, for a simple reason: Warmer water provides more energy that feeds them.Hurricanes and other extreme storms will also be wetter, for a simple reason: Warmer air holds more moisture.And, storm surges from hurricanes will be worse, for a simple reason that has nothing to do with the storms themselves: Sea levels are rising.Researchers cannot say, however, that global warming is to blame for the specifics of a particular  storm like Hurricane Michael, which grew to Category 4 with sustained winds of 155 miles an hour, and hit the Florida Panhandle on Wednesday. Such attribution may come later, when scientists compare the real-world storm to a fantasy-world computer simulation in which humans did not pump billions of tons of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere.There are already tantalizing suggestions, however, that the warming caused by all those greenhouse-gas emissions has had an impact on Michael. A 2013 study showed that sea-surface temperatures in the eastern Gulf of Mexico have warmed over the past century by more than what would be expected from natural variability. These are the waters that the hurricane churned across as it headed toward the Panhandle and its maximum wind speeds more than doubled.“That general region has been one where there has been long-term climate warming,” said Thomas R. Knutson, a climate scientist with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and lead author of the study. “We have reason to believe humans have made the water warmer.”While there is debate over whether global warming will lead to more frequent hurricanes — many models suggest there may actually be fewer in the future, although with a greater proportion of major ones — scientists are generally agreed about the effects of warming on intensity, as measured by wind speeds. “We have a very clear theory on how tropical cyclones intensify,” said Suzana J. Camargo, an ocean and climate physicist at Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory in Palisades, N.Y. The theory, largely the work of Kerry Emanuel, a scientist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, holds that the temperature difference between ocean and upper atmosphere determines how much a storm intensifies. A bigger temperature difference leads to the release of more energy into the storm.“The warmer you have the ocean, the bigger the difference,” Dr. Camargo said. The theory has been reinforced by computer simulations that produce more intense storms with rising ocean temperatures. “We understand the theory behind it, and we have seen it in the models,” Dr. Camargo said.As for storms producing more precipitation, the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change has concluded that human-caused warming has affected the amount of water vapor in the air, and that extreme precipitation events have already increased in many parts of the world. The group’s latest report, issued this week, found that such extreme precipitation will likely further increase if the world cannot limit overall warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius (about 2.7 degrees Fahrenheit).Dr. Knutson cautioned that while this increase in rain and snow amounts has been seen in extreme events in general, of which hurricanes are a subset, “we haven’t actually seen this in the data for hurricanes yet.” But if a given amount of air flowing into a hurricane carries more water vapor, he said, “that enhances the water supply to the storm so it can create higher rain rates.”As Hurricane Michael approached land on Wednesday, forecasters warned that the worst damage could come from a storm surge of as much as 13 feet. Florida, both along the Gulf and the Atlantic Ocean, is exceptionally vulnerable to storm surge, with strings of low-lying communities on the coasts and along waterways that are connected to the sea. Storm surge occurs when winds pile water up as it approaches land, and many factors — including the contours of the seafloor, topography of bays and inlets and the stage of the tide when the surge hits — can affect it. But rising sea levels can have an impact, too.“What’s not emphasized enough is the sea level-rise connection,” Dr. Camargo said. “Even if there weren’t changes in the hurricane itself, just because you have sea-level rise you end up having more flooding.”Seas are rising for two main reasons: water expands slightly as it warms, and glaciers and ice sheets add more water as they melt. But the rise can vary because of local factors like uplift or subsidence of the land.In the past four decades, global average sea levels have risen by about four inches. That may not seem like much, and in a 15-foot storm surge it may not add much to the destruction.“But we’re not talking about a few inches anymore by the end of the century,” Dr. Camargo said. “We’re talking about a foot or so. Then, it makes a difference.”For more news on climate and the environment, follow @NYTClimate on Twitter.
73	0	Writers and editors from around our newsroom pick ones worth revisiting.Every weekday evening, our editors guide you through the biggest stories of the day, help you discover new ideas, and surprise you with moments of delight. Subscribe to get this delivered to your inbox.Poems hold power. As my colleague Hannah Giorgis put it: “Whether by conveying the scale of national grief during a pandemic, or exposing the relentlessness of racism, poetry has already created new ways of experiencing, and surviving, life’s darkest chapters.”I asked writers and editors from around our newsroom to choose a poem worth revisiting in this fraught moment. Consider memorizing one. Or just let their selections fall over you, stanza by stanza, offering a little bit of solace and a little bit of wonder.“FROM BLOSSOMS” BY LI-YOUNG LEE“From Blossoms” is an ode to the small moments and the everyday objects that hold treasured memories. I love the idea that we, too, can carry within us an orchard to soothe our minds during times of crisis. In this heavy moment, Lee’s words remind me that days of sweetness, of joy, and of community still exist, and will one day bloom again.— Morgan Ome, assistant editor“LANDLESS ACKNOWLEDGEMENT” BY NATE MARSHALL What is a homeland for me? maybe a boat? certainly not a country, writes Nate Marshall in “landless acknowledgement,” which is also the opening poem of his new book, FINNA. I’ve been thinking a lot about lineage lately, about the stories we have that tell us who we are and where we come from. And I’ve been thinking about the limitations of tracing those stories for Black Americans whose ancestors were enslaved. I love how Marshall reimagines the idea of a homeland in this poem, such as when he writes, closest i got to a homeland is not never calling the police. closest i got to a homeland is my daddy’s laugh in a spades game. We’re in a moment that demands taking a history of violence and building something new, and that’s what Marshall does so beautifully in this poem.— Clint Smith, author of the poetry collection Counting Descent and incoming Atlantic staff writer“HELIOCENTRIC” BY KEITH S. WILSONKeith S. Wilson’s poem “Heliocentric” is ostensibly a love letter from an astronaut to someone back on Earth. But along the way, you realize it’s really more of a love letter to space itself—to the whole universe. I promise I still dream / of coming back to you, he says. But the moons over Jupiter. But / asteroids like gods. If someone sent me this letter from space, I’d be pissed. As a reader—especially now, stuck in quarantine and feeling dreamy—I’m enchanted.— Faith Hill, assistant editor who helps select our Atlantic weekly poem“ELEGY” BY ARACELIS GIRMAY I often turn to Aracelis Girmay’s poetry when the specter of death hangs especially heavy, whether because the news relays a steady stream of racist violence or tragedy makes itself known in my own life. Put differently, I think of her poems when I’m confronted by the mundane responsibility and the immense gift of being alive. “Elegy,” like much of Girmay’s work, collapses the barriers between reader and poet, human and animal, land and sky, briefly creating its own kingdom of touching.— Hannah Giorgis, staff writer covering culture“IN BLACKWATER WOODS” BY MARY OLIVERWhen we were 19, my best friend from college sent me the first poem I memorized by choice, outside of school assignments. Now a high-school English teacher, he calls certain poems and poets gateways, and this was mine. In middle age, it’s like an old shell I keep in my pocket, edges smoothed from the surf. Its well-worn lines serve as a talisman or a prayer for when grief, ineluctable as the tide, comes for us all.— Jennifer Adams, associate director of production“MOSES SUPPOSES HIS TOESES ARE ROSES” I’ve become completely obsessed with Linda Gregg’s work since she died last year. (“Arriving” is a pitch-perfect pandemic poem.) But dark times call for silliness too. Here’s an old favorite I recommend reciting to the next small child you encounter: Moses supposes his toeses are roses, but Moses supposes erroneously. For no one we knowses has roses for toeses as Moses supposes his toeses to be!— Adrienne LaFrance, executive editor“A LITANY FOR SURVIVAL” BY AUDRE LORDE This poem captures the heartbreaking frustration of a life led by fear and anxiety, particularly for marginalized folks. Audre declares that we were never meant to survive, which is not meant to be morbid, but rather releases us from the need for validation or security from the powers that be. She reminds us that we too are allowed to speak, love, and take up space in a world that challenges that right. Read this poem when you need reassurance and comfort.— Nesima Aberra, assistant editor who ran our #AtlanticPoetryChallenge“SIBLINGS” BY PATRICIA SMITHAugust marks the 15-year anniversary of Hurricane Katrina. According to meteorologists, this month also brings a hurricane season that could rival the 2005 one in terms of activity and violence. Patricia Smith’s poem “Siblings,” included in Blood Dazzler, her book of poems considering Katrina’s devastation, personifies the deadly storms of that deadly season, and bids us to be wary of the biggest sister, the blood dazzler.— Vann R. Newkirk II, staff writer and host of the podcast Floodlines, which explores the fallout from Katrina“EVERYTHING IS GOING TO BE ALL RIGHT” BY DEREK MAHON The first time I read the title of this poem, I thought I was being punked, and I raced ahead, eager for some Larkinesque acid. How could a serious poet—let alone a superb one, such as Mahon—offer an honest defense of this indefensible phrase? But when I read the poem, one astonishing line after another, I realized the title was sincere. (Sincerus: clean; pure.)As in a fairy tale, there is only one thing you must grant to have the wish come true—and, as in a fairy tale, it’s no small matter: There will be dying, there will be dying. But once you have made that concession, the world, in its infinite beauty, is yours.So here I am with cancer, in the midst of a pandemic, and with the world on fire in a hundred different ways—the rough beast a little late, but right on time—looking out my bedroom window as the magnolia tree comes in and out of bloom. Everything is going to be all right.— Caitlin Flanagan, staff writerDid someone forward you this newsletter? Sign up here.We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
125	3	"A New York constituent has told congresswoman and activist Alexandra Ocasio-Cortez ""we got to start eating babies"" to curb the effects of climate change during a town hall meeting.The hysterical woman claimed, ""Even if we bombed Russia, we have too many people. Too much pollution.""She thanked Ms Ocasio-Cortez for her Green New Deal but told her it was ""not enough.""""We need to eat the babies,"" she reaffirmed.Sky News contributor Daisy Cousens said, ""Given the scope of what she's saying - not only advocating cannibalism... it could be a far-right troll... to parody the regressive Left.""""The fact someone is feeling such profound terror over the issue of climate change... is representative of how sociopathic some of these alarmist-activists are,"" she said.The IPA's Gideon Rozner said, ""The fact this woman could be a real climate activist tells you everything you need to know about the utter derangement this debate has fallen into.""""This woman is not the only person to suggest cannibalism as a response to climate change,"" he said."
565	5	"John Doerr’s new book, Speed and Scale: An Action Plan for Solving Our Climate Crisis Now, is a checklist for global action.Every week, our lead climate reporter brings you the big ideas, expert analysis, and vital guidance that will help you flourish on a changing planet. Sign up to get The Weekly Planet, our guide to living through climate change, in your inbox.It’s not perfect, but sometimes I think about the computer and internet revolution as an analogy for the energy transition. Each shift required electrifying huge parts of society. Each saw the need for crucial minerals increase and changed the geopolitical balance of power. And each sped up productivity while putting many people—secretaries, bank tellers, and human computers—out of work.Even among the ranks of tech billionaires, John Doerr can claim to have had an unusually front-row view of that IT upheaval. Doerr began his career in 1975 selling semiconductors for a small and growing hardware start-up based in Santa Clara, California, called Intel. Five years later, he became a venture capitalist at the now-legendary firm Kleiner Perkins, where, over the next several decades, he provided early funding to Netscape, Amazon, and Google. He remains on Google’s board today, and he is a major Democratic donor.Like many others in Silicon Valley, he has recently refocused his attention on climate change. He has just published an interesting and unusual new book about it—Speed and Scale: An Action Plan for Solving Our Climate Crisis Now. (Much of the book is free to read on its website.) Where other climate books are exhortative or doom-laden, Doerr’s is straightforward. It is an airport business book about climate change in the form of a global checklist for climate action. It ticks through five top-line objectives that humanity must satisfy in order to limit global temperature rise to 1.5 degrees Celsius. These objectives are clear and deceptively simple—they include ""Decarbonize the power grid,” “Fix food,” and “Clean up industry.” Then the book lists four accelerants that will help humanity speed up its completion of those goals. These are deceptively simpler. They include “Win politics and policy,” “Turn movements into action,” and “Invest!”That exclamation point appears in the book, too. It’s no surprise that Doerr, who has capitalist in his job title, sees a prominent role for capitalism in the transition. That can give him unusual perspective and a strange myopia: His decades at Kleiner Perkins have led him to see investment flows as part of a system of power to be manipulated and not, as many climate activists approach them, as an obstacle to be overcome.“I don’t see how we solve this problem without harnessing the forces of capitalism,” he told me in an interview last month. “The best analogy I have in the book is what happened in World War II. The U.S. and Great Britain stopped manufacturing cars and appliances and for four years turned that capacity over to making, I think it was, 268,000 fighters and 20,000 battleships and a bazillion rounds of ammunition. We have to similarly make the right thing to do the profitable thing to do, so it becomes the probable outcome.”This is the second time Doerr has sought to lead on climate change. In 2006, he held a private screening of An Inconvenient Truth for his family and friends. Afterward, at dinner, “we went round the table and some of my Republican friends said, ‘Looks like global warming is real, but I'm not sure it's man-made,’” he told me. “When it came to [my daughter] Mary, she looked straight at me and she said, ‘Dad, I’m scared and I’m angry. Your generation created this problem. You better fix it.’”That call to action became Doerr’s calling card. He cited it in his 2007 TED Talk, in which he declared green technology to be “bigger than the internet … It could be the biggest economic opportunity of the 21st century.” He plowed $1 billion into the space, supporting more than 70 companies—many of which immediately proceeded to fail. Half a decade later, those clean-tech revolutionaries had been dwarfed by the very internet companies that Doerr had imagined they could overtake. Solar companies were hit particularly hard—Doerr supported eight of them, and seven went bankrupt—because China’s ability to manufacture low-quality solar panels at scale obviated demand for the more efficient but more expensive next-generation panels that the California start-ups had championed.Today, his original climate-tech investments are worth $3 billion, a minor recoupment. (They would have been worth far more had he backed Tesla and not the now-defunct electric-vehicle start-up Fisker, which he called “probably the worst investment decision of my life.”) The recent surge in concern for the climate seems to have inspired him to return to the issue.Although his top-line goals are extremely broad, if not simplistic—ah yes, all we have to do is fix food—that is by design: Doerr finds inspiration in Intel’s storied management culture, which set a broad objective for a business unit and then laid out the measurements-based key results needed to bring about that objective. And the book’s appeal lies in the directness of these goals—and in the research that Doerr and a small team led by his adviser, Ryan Panchadsaram, did in compiling them. (That team included the political strategist Alix Burns and the former New York Times reporter Justin Gillis. I should add that I know Panchadsaram; he was an adviser to the COVID Tracking Project at The Atlantic, which I co-founded.)So each of Doerr’s objectives is meant to eliminate a certain amount of emissions: The transportation sector is responsible for eight gigatons of climate pollution a year today, he says, but that number must shrink to two gigatons by 2050. This is essentially a more user-friendly version of the kind of economic-pathway modeling that the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change runs in its reports. Each objective is then associated with several “key results”: To electrify transportation, EVs must achieve price parity with combustion-engine cars in the United States by 2024, and in China and India by 2030. (In Doerr’s parlance, that is Key Result 1.1.) Then half of new cars purchased worldwide must be EVs by 2030 (Key Result 1.2), and all new buses worldwide must be electric by 2025 (Key Result 1.3).The regimented language of tech companies has suffused American workplaces, but now Doerr has applied it to a global political problem. And that is the book’s success and its mistake. Doerr and Panchadsaram have created a unified way of talking about solving climate change—for themselves, if no one else. Both will reference individual to-do items, such as “KR 4.2” or “KR 6.1,” in conversation. But the world is not a firm. Humanity cannot pursue initiatives single-mindedly like a company can, and Doerr’s “we”—the actor that is supposed to achieve EV price parity and ensure that all buses are electric by a certain year—does not actually exist.  It could exist, of course—that is an open political question. The book proposes several ways around this without describing the problem outright. One is the aforementioned “Invest!”: VC into private companies should swell from $13 billion a year to more than $50 billion a year, the book says. Its further idea to free up blocked policy routes is to elect more pro-climate officials (KR 8.2) and make the climate crisis a “top-two voting issue in the 20 top-emitting countries by 2025” (KR 8.1). And while the book cites encouraging case studies about how to achieve these political goals, the underlying issue—who is the political actor doing all this stuff?—isn’t a quibble; it is the central challenge of climate change. If we knew who the historical actor was, if we even had a “we” to solve the problem, then addressing climate change would be far more straightforward.So Doerr and his colleagues support a carbon tax. “​​We have failed in our capitalistic system to put a price on externalities that are real and that are measurable,” he said. Their plan for fighting political opposition “is Key Result 7.2: End direct and indirect subsidy to fossil-fuel companies and for harmful agricultural practices,” he said. “The independent International Energy Agency said we’re going to have to end the use of fossil fuels. Period. Stop them—coal, natural gas, done.” What if fossil-fuel companies protest their own demise? Then “we defeat them in the marketplace; we defeat them in the legislature; we defeat them in the boardroom.” The successful campaign to install activist investors on the board of ExxonMobil, he added, shows that it can be done.I mean, that is the plan: constant negotiation and political battle with opponents of decarbonization until the task is through. It’s not like I have a better idea how to do that—or who the “we” is either. And the book remains a useful guide: a systematic, holistic approach to thinking through the engineering problem of battling climate change, and a set of upgrades that should be achieved in order for us—whoever we are—to flourish."
262	3	It’s 96 degrees in downtown Beaufort, North Carolina, a place where I spent much of my childhood. The sidewalk is too hot for dogs to walk on. The iconic wild horses, visible on Shackleford Banks, wade in the marsh, munching cordgrass. I’ve been watching the horses since I was in elementary school, and now I’m sharing them with my elementary school-aged daughters on summer vacation.My girls love them, as I did. The legend is that the horses swam to safety from an old Spanish shipwreck. It’s moving to watch the small, strong horses grazing on the dunes. For now, they’ve survived the latest big hurricane, and they’re free.The 100 or so wild horses have one square kilometer of high ground on which to weather hurricanes and sea level rise, and a shortage of fresh water endangered by encroaching salt water and storm surge. Some scientists recommend that the Shackleford horses be relocated, although they have been there for centuries.The story is a familiar one that will be told in a thousand different ways as the atmosphere warms in the years to come: we must think creatively and quickly to save the things we love.I wrote my Climate Changed column between hurricane seasons, in the wake of Hurricane Florence and before the start of Hurricane Barry. I close the column from Beaufort, a place where Florence brought a record storm surge; it caused $17bn in damage to the state. As my daughters and I drive over the bridge into Morehead City, I see bulldozers still clearing the last of the Channel Marker restaurant, a fixture of Atlantic Beach flooded during Florence.I thought that Hurricane Florence might serve as a turning point in the conversation about the realities of climate change in a region still mired in a culture of denial and delay. After a year of research and reporting, I am not convinced that the conversation has changed fast enough, if much at all. Here in Beaufort, like Miami and Charleston, I encounter deniers, continued waterfront development, hurricane damage and blistering temperatures.If there is any part of the south where technology, tax dollars and public opinion are aligning to make changes, it’s Miami, even though new waterfront real estate is still being built. But for the most part, climate change discussions continue to fall along party lines in a divided nation. To many rural southerners, the bigger, well-funded environmental movements seem to be rooted in California and New England. The conversations appear to be taking place in the echo chamber of privileged believers.I saw more of the south while reporting for this column than I ever saw in my 30 years of living there. My travel reinforced what I already knew: there is no one south. In 2019 it is multitudinous, diverse and still reckoning with its plantation economy and cruel social history. It has PhDs, evangelicals, Trump enthusiasts, environmentalists, artists and activists. It’s this very tension that has often made the south the genesis of social movements; one hopes it might happen again, and soon.Social and environmental racism, income inequality and poverty are as present as they have ever been, and are only weaponized by climate change, as I reported from Virginia and Natchez, Mississippi.I found that in places like eastern North Carolina, the river parishes of Louisiana, Miami, and Mississippi’s Gulf coast, chronic exposure to natural disasters has resulted in psychological resilience, and created a desire in some to “go down with the ship”. In places like New Orleans, trauma strengthens the sense of community. As Tropical Storm Barry moved in to New Orleans, I emailed with former interviewees who shared forecasts and concerns. “I’m gritting my teeth,” one wrote. “But I’m not evacuating.” Home is sometimes more an emotional than a rational commitment.In eastern North Carolina, where I grew up and write from, climate change was never a polite topic of conversation. I was told the same in a coffee shop in Mississippi, and by a minister in Georgia. Too many southerners are still dancing around the reality of climate change, and the cost of avoiding the conversation is going to be steep.What does a better and more inclusive conversation look like? Non-traditional environmentalists can be critical allies in addressing the culture of climate change denial below the Mason-Dixon Line, like hunters in Arkansas and evangelical Christians in places like St Simons, Georgia. But too often, the perspectives and interests of frontline communities are ignored, further exacerbating the environmental racism so pervasive in the south.When it comes to climate change preparedness in this region, part of the continued challenge is that the power structures of the old south remain in place. A Pew survey indicated that white evangelical protestants are the least likely to profess a belief in climate change. Power companies, developers and conservative politicians have a vested interest in deregulation and maintaining the environmental status quo, and many paint environmental concerns as nothing but liberal pagan ideas.When I began this column, I felt more of a duty to listen to all sides, but frankly I do not believe that climate change is an issue of which one can pretend, or afford, to hear both sides. I believe that to deny climate change and delay productive action in 2019 is malicious and akin to governmental malpractice. A government that is not actively protecting its citizens from the future challenges of climate change (property loss, food system collapse, increased intensity of storms, flooded infrastructure, extreme heat, economic disruption) is not acting in the interests of its citizens. A politician who delays climate action is not acting in his or her constituents’ best interests, and may be going so far as to actually cause harm.We do not need to hear another word from deniers, or cater to their anti-science position. Something the progressive south has always struggled to do: take the megaphone away from the people who want to live in the past.Now that I’ve seen more of the south, I can’t help but feel losses and concerns in a specific way. As I began to write this final column, a fire raged through the Everglades, which I had driven through just months before. Storms threatened to challenge the already saturated Mississippi and its river control structures. I thought about the gators in the marsh, the last wild panthers darting to safety in the Everglades, the bartender who was kind to me in an ancient pub on Natchez-under-the-hill. The loss of life and landscape in climate change scenarios has always troubled me, but now it is real and urgent in a way it has never been before.When the wild horses of Shackleford Banks weather storms, the dominant male gathers his harem on high ground or in the deep parts of the maritime forest, and they turn their backs to the wind and rain. A researcher observed that while wild herds are typically divided into harems, the divisions break down in extreme weather. “The horses gave up their internal political dynamics,” he said, “staying together on the relatively highest ground of that site.” That is how they survive.To navigate the decades ahead, and save the places we love and call home, southerners will need to dismantle old political dynamics and build new, inclusive alliances.
717	5	"Watch: What plans does the Climate Commission have for slashing New Zealand's emissions?  Credits: NewshubWe came together as a nation to fight COVID-19 and now our challenge is battling emissions.While a lot of the heavy lifting will be done by central and local governments along with big business, there are lots of changes 'we' can make - alongside changes we will have to adapt to.Aotearoa has a goal to cut our net-emissions by 36 percent by the year 2035 and the Climate Change Commission has just released a blueprint on Monday detailing how to do it. Now we know how we can get there and what changes will be made that will affect our day-to-day lives.Planners Institute Deputy Luke O'Dwyer says there will be ""more of a transition to smaller houses, potentially more apartments, more townhouses.""New housing will be more efficient, smaller houses mean more people can live closer to shops, parks and work and it's cheaper to heat.Gas won't be allowed in any new builds if the Climate Change Commission's recommendations are adopted by the Government.If a household already has gas and doesn't make the switch, the annual power bill could increase by as much as $150 by 2035, as demand for cleaner energy increases.Petrol could also go up by about 30 cents a litre.But the commission calculates if you trade in your petrol car for an electric one, you'll be $1000 per year better off - if you can afford it in the first place.David Crawford from the Motor Industry Association says electric cars are a costly option. ""Pure electric vehicles are roughly about twice the price of a normal combustion engine vehicle, hybrid vehicles are about 5-10 percent more expensive, and plugged in hybrids are about 10-15 percent more expensive.""The commission recommends an electric fleet make up 40 percent of our cars by 2035.Sustainability professor Janet Stephenson says the main barrier is that alternative modes of transport aren't up to scratch. ""It is that we don't have very good buses or other public transport or that cycling is really dangerous.""That's where the report kicks in, allowing us to get the kinds of products and services we need to be able to live and work the way we want to. One in ten of us will work from home and more of us will be walking and cycling, with 15 percent of all trips being made by bike by 2050.We're encouraged to waste less and support the overall kaupapa by looking at investments.Stephenson says it's important to consider whether they support a low-carbon future or are they ""repeating the past?""You can't talk about climate change without mentioning the 'F' words - farming and forestry. Both sectors have been handed their instructions for the next 15 years and have quickly responded by dubbing them ""challenging"" but ""possible"". However, some scientists are questioning whether the commission has let our biggest emitters off lightly.  While agriculture makes up a whopping 90 percent of methane emissions, it is a short term gas. When it comes to those that last the longest in our atmosphere, farming is only responsible for 18 percent - it's transport, heat, industry and power that are the biggest emitters.  Because of this, the commission has set a separate goal for methane emissions, to lower them by 24-47 percent.Dr Tim Mackle from Dairy NZ is happy with the separate target.""The split gas approach is really important for us, it's great to see the commission acknowledging it as the right way to go."" Scientist Brownyn Hayward is not so convinced.""If we are asking people to make big sacrifices in transport, we have to make sure we are asking the same of other sectors, including agriculture.""For forestry the commission has a target of 300,000 hectares of native bush in the next 14 years.  The forestry industry is up for the challenge but it is a challenge. Compared to pine - which is currently used to offset our carbon emissions - natives are tough to grow and pricey.""The Government's policy settings around incentives to plant natives is going to have to be very focussed and in tune with the fact that natives do take significantly more time, effort and resources to establish and maintain,"" says Phil Taylor from the Forestry Association. "
596	3	Boris Johnson's climate change spokeswoman Allegra Stratton has suggested people should join the Green Party to save the planet.  The remark comes after the former Downing Street press secretary faced criticism for advising the public not to rinse their dishes before they put them into a dishwasher to help tackle climate change. Stratton said that joining the Green Party was another way in which Britons could help save the planet from rising carbon emissions. She told The Independent: 'When people say to me, 'What can they do?', the can do many things.'They can join Greenpeace, they can join the Green Party, they can join the Tory Party.' Boris Johnson's climate change spokeswoman Allegra Stratton has suggested people should join the Green Party to save the planetShe added: 'So there's lots of ways they can get involved in politics but for those people who wouldn't, how do you start to change your life in manageable, achievable, feasible, small ways.' Stratton, 41, who is the chief spokesperson for this year's climate change conference, hosted in Glasgow, was responding to criticism by the Green Party and Greenpeace of her advice for Britons to take 'micro-steps' in order to be environmentally friendly.A friend of Stratton told The Times that her quote about joining the Green Party was misleading. 'Allegra believes no government has done more for the environment and to deal with climate change in the UK than this one,' the source said. 'And no PM has given the issue such prominence and profile [as Boris Johnson].'She's proud to be working for the PM to make Cop26 a success, encouraging other countries to come to Glasgow with real movement on coal, cars and trees and to stand a chance to limit temperature increase to 1.5 degrees.'Green Party co-leader Jonathan Bartley welcomed Stratton's comments and told The Independent: 'After decades of inaction from both the Conservatives and Labour, we would absolutely agree with the government that joining the Green Party is the best thing people can do to help tackle climate change.'He added: 'As we witness the Conservatives waste time talking about loading dishwashers and fantasy projects such as Jet Zero, it is reassuring to see that they do understand it is only the Greens who can bring about the real change that is needed if we are to prevent climate catastrophe.' The remark comes after the former Downing Street press secretary faced criticism for advising the public not to rinse their dishes before they put them into a dishwasher to help tackle climate changeEarlier this week, Stratton said people should freeze leftover bread, order shampoo in cardboard packaging and not rinse plates before putting them in the dishwasher. Stratton said many British households are already taking the 'micro-steps' in order to be environmentally friendly. She admitted that the government is not pretending that the steps taken on their own will 'stop climate change', but says the suggestions are intended could still have a positive impact. Writing in The Telegraph, Ms Stratton said: 'Did you know, according to COP26 principal partner Reckitt, who make Finish, you don't really need to rinse your dishes before they go into the dishwasher? 'Does your brand of plastic bottle shower gel come as a bar in cardboard packaging? I bet it does. It might be freezing half a loaf of bread when you get it home, to get out later in the week, rather than throwing half of it away when it goes mouldy.'Her remarks come amid the government's 'One Step Greener' campaign, intended to improve awareness of tackling climate change across Britain.She also spoke ahead of the 2021 United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP26), set to take place in Glasgow in November. The UK is pushing for an agreement at the Glasgow climate conference to limit global warming to 1.5C.But Alok Sharma - appointed by the Prime Minister to lead the negotiations - said the target would be 'extremely difficult' to achieve without all the countries in the G20 signing up to a pledge to phase out coal.Addressing reporters earlier this week, the former business secretary said rain and flooding 'sweeping London' while ministers were engaged in talks had sharpened their focus.He added: 'I think it is a sober reminder on our own doorstep of the urgency of our task.'The UK was battered with almost a month's worth of rain in a day on Sunday, with homes, roads and Tube stations flooded in the south of England, while a flooded hospital had to cancel all surgery and outpatient appointments on Monday due to water getting into its basement and affecting its power supply.Mr Sharma used the unseasonal weather to push home the message for countries to switch their domestic power-producing methods.He said there remained 'significant differences' on some issues and it was 'very disappointing' not to come to an agreement on coal.Britons are set to be allowed up to five more years before a ban on sales of all new gas boilers comes into force, in a major row-back for Boris Johnson amid a backlash over the soaring cost of 'net zero' ahead of the COP26 climate conference in Glasgow later this year.The Prime Minister is looking at delaying the ban by five years to 2040, in a move which would give millions of UK households more time for new hydrogen boilers and heat-pumps to fall in price, and for businesses to pump more money into shifting people over gradually. The public is set to be incentivised to buy an eco-friendly heat-pump next time their boiler breaks down - but the delay to introducing the ban means working boilers could have to be taken out before 2050, or the UK could fail to hit its 'net zero' carbon emission targets.It comes amid a mounting backlash over the spiralling cost of Mr Johnson's so-called green revolution, with Government insiders fearful that the proposals could add another £400billion on top of the enormous sums accrued during the Covid pandemic.Hydrogen boilers are one of the possible replacements for gas boilers, with others including ground source or air source heat pumps, but these cost upwards of £14,000 or £11,000 respectively.Other options include solar photovoltaic panels or solar water heating which both come in at about £5,000 for a full fitting. A hydrogen-ready boiler is intended to be a like-for-like swap for an existing gas boiler, but the cost is unknown, with estimates ranging from £1,500 to £5,000.'We weren't able to get every country in the G20 to agree to language on unabated coal phase-out,' said Mr Sharma.'For me, it is very disappointing and it was very disappointing for those countries who are supportive of this policy.'The conference president said he 'completely accepted' that 'different countries start from different positions in terms of their energy mix' but pointed to the UK's own shift towards renewable energy.'In the UK, 40% of our electricity was coming from coal power back in 2012 - we are now at less than 2%; it is going to be phased out completely by 2024.'We've managed to grow the biggest offshore wind sector in the world and that's because we have put in place the right market mechanisms to allow the private sector to invest as well.'It is certainly the case that unless we are going to get all countries signed up to unabated coal phase-out, then keeping 1.5C within reach will be extremely difficult.'With the Covid-delayed Glasgow gathering less than 100 days away, Mr Sharma stressed that 'every day counts' and argued it was 'incumbent on every country to give their all to this process'.'Ultimately, there is not going to be anywhere to hide at Cop26, each of us will be in the spotlight and we will only deliver this by working together,' he said.Officials said yesterday that the first face-to-face climate talks among governments in over 18 months showed real engagement and possible areas of compromise ahead of the pivotal November summit.But the two-day ministerial meeting in London also laid bare differences, especially over the future of coal, that must be bridged before the COP26 summit in Glasgow, they added. The London talks came as nearly 200 nations started online negotiations yesterday to validate a UN science report that will anchor further meetings charged with preventing climate catastrophe ahead of Glasgow.The UN's climate chief, Patricia Espinosa. hailed the 'extremely positive' discussions in London and the 'extraordinary' turnout from more than 50 governments including key players China, India and the United States.'The dialogue has started, (but) there is a lot of homework to be done in the next 90-something days,' she said, arguing that 'landing zones' for compromise are becoming clearer in the runup to Glasgow.Ms Stratton wrote: 'Did you know, according to COP26 principal partner Reckitt, who make Finish, you don't really need to rinse your dishes before they go into the dishwasher?' (stock image) Mr Sharma stressed it was 'very disappointing' that G20 countries last week had failed to agree to phase out coal.And more work is needed to meet a target of raising $100billion a year to help poorer countries combat climate change, he said, announcing that Canada and Germany would steer a new dialogue to that end.
669	5	Alarming new research by the National Audubon Society finds two-thirds of North American bird species — 389 different species — are at risk of extinction from climate change. Many people were shocked by a recent, independent study that said nearly 3 billion birds have disappeared from the United States and Canada in the past half a century. And, if left unaddressed, Audubon's new research predicts an even more frightening future.The good news to come from Audubon's report is that there is still time to make a difference. If we take action now -- by passing laws to facilitate our investments in, and use of, renewable energy -- we can improve the chances for 76% of those at-risk species. Laws such as the Better Energy Storage Technology (BEST) Act have already been introduced by Congress. Now, the legislation must be passed so that we can start living as a more energy-conscientious society.Changes in precipitation and temperature, caused by climate change, disrupt places birds need to survive and thrive. We're seeing changes in the timing and growing pattern of plants, and that leads to wild fluctuations in insect and animal communities. That means birds could run out of places to live and food to eat. Climate change also intensifies existing threats for birds — and people — including extreme weather events that can wipe out entire nesting nurseries or winter flocks.As things stand, the iconic common loon could lose nearly 97% of the range it can occupy in the lower 48 states during the summer months. The Great gray owl could lose more than 97% of the places where it can survive. The piping plover could lose 87% of its habitable area in the summers, disappearing from most of the East Coast.Research shows that we must reach net-zero carbon released into the atmosphere by 2050 to slow and prevent the worst impacts of global warming. We know how to do that. Natural solutions like reforestation will absorb carbon pollution and restoring coastal wetlands will reduce the impact of storms and flooding. Supporting the research and development of technology for increasing energy efficiency-- such as large scale battery storage for backing up our energy sources-- and cutting down on emissions in the first place will also make a massive difference.Audubon's bird and climate models are the first to include a comprehensive assessment of North America's landscapes, including vegetation, agricultural land use and urbanization alongside a wealth of information on birds.Thanks to advances in big data, we created maps for 604 species of Northern American birds that show — down to one square kilometer -- where birds may have to move to find the conditions they need to survive. That' level of detail will allow for planners to make decisions about where to put buildings and infrastructure and where to invest in nature.We then looked at where birds are most at risk for dangers connected to climate change. We highlighted how threats like sea level rise and drought may compromise the birds' habitats, creating insights on climate change in more detail than we'd been able to observe before. Zip code by zip code, we can see how our communities and our birds could fare under various climate scenarios.We are already experiencing some of the signs of climate change: Sea levels have risen, causing more frequent flooding in Florida and other coastal areas. The seasons of fire in California and drought in the West are becoming more destructive. Humans and animals alike face the dangerous reality of stronger hurricanes in the Gulf and along the Atlantic coast.But there are thousands of smaller impacts related to climate change that are just as dangerous for individual species. For example, the glacier lily, a delicate yellow flower that blooms just after snowmelt in the Rocky Mountains, is an important food source for the broad-tailed hummingbird. Because of climate change, the lily is blooming earlier. The hummingbird is showing up at its usual time, exhausted and hungry from its spring migration, only to find one of its main foods has already finished blooming. Some birds will be able to adapt and colonize in new areas. Turkey Vultures and American Crows, for example, do well living among people and may be able to survive sharing our space. Others will not be able to adapt as quickly to the changes in their climate.Although birds may be able to fly somewhere else, landscapes cannot. As birds shift to find new locations, if the right habitat is not already established, they will not be able to thrive there. Birds like the bobolink, a grassland bird that nests in tall prairie grasses in Illinois and Minnesota, are predicted to move northward into the boreal forest. It's hard to tell if a grassland-dependent bird will be able to survive among trees. One of the most startling outcomes of Audubon's study is that many birds that are doing well today, such as the American goldfinch, are going to be threatened by climate change in the future.That's why any plan to address climate change must not only protect birds and human communities today, but protect them well into the future. We need legislation that aims to reduce emissions from every sector of the economy, and we must also begin to solve the technological problems that are obstacles to accomplishing that.Legislation like the BEST act would increase investments in research, development, and deployment of energy storage so renewable energy can be used regardless of when it is generated. It's an example of the kind of concrete, achievable action that is necessary to protect not only the homes of the birds we love, but the places we call home as well. The question is not can we do it, but rather: Will we do it?
309	3	"FEMA Administrator Deanne Criswell discusses the 'devastating path' of Hurricane Ida and frequency of more 'intense' storms, arguing the U.S. is beginning to see the 'impact' of climate change.Deanne Criswell, administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, said Sunday that climate change is the ""crisis of our generation"" after Hurricane Ida tore through the country and left at least 66 people dead nationwide.Appearing on ""Fox News Sunday"" with Chris Wallace, Criswell said the frequency and intensity of recent weather events point to the ""impacts of climate change"" and that the federal government needs to start investing in reducing the impacts of those events.""This storm in particular, it intensified so rapidly … in the Gulf, that emergency managers and emergency responders had an even shorter time to warn the public and help get them out of harm’s way,"" she said. ""This storm and some of the other weather events that we’ve seen, they’re just intensifying very rapidly and dropping a large amount of rain and tornadoes."" ""This is the crisis of our generation, these impacts we’re seeing from climate change, and we have to act now to try to protect against the future risks we’re going to face,"" she continued. ""I think this is going to be our new normal. We saw intense weather events in 2017. Last year was a record number of hurricanes and a record wildfire season. The U.N. had just put out their climate report and they said that this is the climate crisis that we’re facing and it’s only going to continue to get worse.""Wallace pressed Criswell on how climate change can be responsible for all weather extremes, including record heat and record cold, as well as drought and flooding, which seems to be ""contradictory.""""You know, I don’t know how climate impacts it specifically,"" Criswell responded. ""What I do know is that we are seeing more frequent storms, more intense storms.""Criswell praised President Biden for authorizing $5 billion in ""resilience funding"" last month for states and local communities to increase preparedness in advance of natural disasters. She also touted the bipartisan $1T infrastructure plan, the first phase of the president's infrastructure plan, that she said would help rebuild infrastructure to better withstand extreme weather conditions.""My understanding is there are parts of that plan that are going to also contribute and add additional funding to the mitigation efforts,"" she said. ""But the other part of that plan is helping to strengthen our infrastructure in general. We have a very old infrastructure across this country and we need to work on rebuilding that, building it back stronger so it can be more resilient to future threats."""
803	5	New York, US – No one can be sure just how many people will be displaced by climate change by the middle of this century. In fact, the estimates vary widely, with some putting the number at 25 million and others suggesting it could hit the one billion mark.What is clear, however, is that cementing a number is not the only hurdle facing those attempting to decipher the practical ramifications of climate change. Terms such as “climate refugee” and “environmental refugee” are still not classified as legal categorisations. And it’s difficult to determine whether a person is fleeing their home because of an environmental disaster, lack of work, or the established, long-term impacts of climate issues like drought or rising sea levels.However, one factor is increasingly clear: This amorphous, global population of refugees does not have any international legal protection or agency upholding their basic human rights and helping to keep them safe.READ MORE: Long Road to Paris“Yes, there is a protection gap involving climate change refugees, but we don’t call them climate refugees for the reason that they are not covered by the 1951 [Refugee] Convention,” said Marine Franck, a climate change officer at the UN’s refugee agency, UNHCR. That treaty extends only to people who have a well-founded fear of being persecuted because of race, religion, nationality, or membership of a social group or political opinion, and are unable, or unwilling to seek protection from their home countries.This means that the estimated 200,000 Bangladeshis who become homeless each year due to river erosion cannot easily appeal for resettlement in another country. It also means that the residents of the small islands of Kiribati, Nauru and Tuvalu, where one in 10 has migrated within the past decade, can’t be classified as refugees, even though those who remain are “trapped” in worsening environmental conditions. Displaced every secondThe latest figures from the Internal Displacement Monitoring Centre 2015 report show that more than 19 million people from 100 countries were forced to flee their homes in 2014 because of natural disasters. Within that, national responses to disasters have been fragmented and systems that pre-empt consequences of environmental phenomena, less than adequate.  “One part of the issue is how to prevent people from being displaced and that is very important … one person is displaced every second by a natural disaster. The numbers are huge,” Franck said.In the lead-up to the United Nations climate change conference in Paris, which concluded on December 12, climate change and human mobility activists, experts and academics worked to ensure that the connection between these issues is addressed appropriately. However, the two-week meeting largely centred on reducing greenhouse gas emissions, and the eventual agreements governments reached focused on the reduction in global temperatures by 2100. “We feel there is a need to recognise climate change and its impact on human mobility,” said Alice Thomas, the climate displacement programme manager at the Washington, DC-based advocacy group Refugees International. “Our approach has been this needs to be supported through adaptation, which means that countries need to be prepared for this.”The consensus among scientific organisations, including those represented on the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (ICC), is that the impact of human-induced greenhouse gas emissions visible today is unprecedented. Oceans have warmed and risen, massive glaciers and ice sheets have diminished and extreme events, like drought and tropical cyclones, some scientists say, have become more intense or more frequent in certain regions.  Sea level could creep to anywhere between about one metre, or three feet, up to three metres, or nearly 10 feet, by the year 2100, depending on CO2 concentrations in the air and the rate of melting that occurs in the Polar regions, among other factors.This means that the melting of ice sheets in West Antarctica and Greenland could lead to a potentially two-metre – six-foot – sea level rise in major cities such as New York. Increases in temperature could make places like Abu Dhabi, Dubai and Qatar uninhabitable by 2071. And the list goes on.These anticipated environmental changes will have enormous effects on many populations, especially those in coastal and low-lying areas like Vietnam, the Netherlands and certain parts of the US. Already, people are now twice as likely to be displaced than they were in the 1970s, according to Justin Ginnetti, the head of data and analysis at the Geneva-based Internal Displacement Monitoring Centre. This is due to the combined effect of rapid population growth, urbanisation and exposure to natural disasters. “The reason is pretty simple. There are more people on the planet today living in hazard prone areas, vulnerable to natural hazards than there were in the 1970s,” Ginnetti said in a phone interview. “There is a lot that is unknown but we do need to take action now and the best action we can take is to make sure that our thinking and planning is adaptive.”However climate refugees were not central to the talks this time around in Paris. The Paris COP21 conclusion agreement reportedly received a mixed welcome from participants and observers alike. The document does not mention “refugees” or other terms like “migration” and “mobility”. It does, however, call for a task force to “develop recommendations for integrated approaches to avert, minimise and address displacement related to the adverse impacts of climate change”. This recommendation did touch upon previous calls by various organisations, including the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC), for the establishment of a climate change displacement coordination facility solely devoted to climate-induced displacement.RELATED – Extreme weather: Coincidence or climate change?The details have yet to be formally ironed out, but the facility – not designed as an actual physical centre to house the displaced – could help arrange emergency relief and provide relocation support. It could also assess the risk of internal and cross-border environmental displacement and provide technical assistance to national governments.However, it is not clear how the facility will be funded, who will govern it, or how it will be affiliated with the UN system.The Nasen InitiativeThe Nansen Initiative, a three-year-old state-led, consultative process aimed at building a consensus on a protection agenda for displaced people impacted by environmental disasters or climate change, supported the inclusion of human mobility challenges in the Paris agreement. It has not taken a formal stance on the climate displacement facility.Headquartered in Geneva, The Nansen Initiative is among the champions of a multipronged way to approaching human mobility and climate change. More than 100 nations approved a non-legally binding agenda this October at a Nansen global consultation that prioritises protecting cross-border displaced persons and linking different national policies. This could extend to helping new arrivals stay in a country that admitted them, if they are unable to return to their homes because of prolonged environmental issues. One important finding from the coalition’s series of consultations in places as far apart as the Pacific Islands and the Greater Horn of Africa is the impact climate change is already having on people’s ability to withstand disaster, said Atle Solberg, the head of the Nansen Initiative Secretariat.“There is much more states can do to prevent displacement, compared to a conflict situation, when it comes to natural hazards and disasters,” Solberg explained.He emphasised the role development initiatives can play in the case of earthquakes, using the 2010 examples of Haiti and Chile. The Chile earthquake was an 8.8 on the moment magnitude scale while the Haiti earthquake was a 7.0. But the Haiti earthquake killed more than 230,000 people, while 525 died in the Chilean disaster.“It’s an issue of preparedness and the level of development related to urban planning and evacuation centres,” Solberg said.Beyond wordsPolitical concern surrounding displaced people and climate change has been present, bubbling under the surface for more than a decade. In the early and mid-2000s, Anwarul Chowdhury, the former UN High Commissioner for Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States, advocated for an expansion of the international legal definition of a refugee to include those forced out of their homes because of climate change. But Chowdhury, who also served as Bangladesh’s ambassador to the UN, was met with a tepid response from other diplomats. But it seems that support for this has now materialised beyond academic circles to some degree, particularly since the Nansen Initiative was founded, according to Refugees International’s Alice Thomas.Experts are moving beyond the singular approach of expanding the Refugee Convention to include those impacted by climate change or environmental disasters, suggesting that to address such a large issue, states must focus on more than just terminology.READ MORE: Has the climate change deal really averted catastrophe?“No one – scholars or anyone – thinks changing the convention is the way to do it, so if the convention is not the correct place to address the issue, what does the phrase really mean?” said Alex Randall, the head of the UK Climate Change and Migration Coalition. “Some people think it could take decades to negotiate this further and there is also an emerging consensus that it could be addressed using a whole new international agreement.” Ultimately, there are many options floating around, and it is “unclear which is going to be the ticket”, Randall explained.As of now, people who intend to declare themselves a refugee because of an environmental disaster or climate change have no opportunity for recourse, said Michael Gerrard, an environmental law professor at Columbia University in New York. A New Zealand court recently shot down the case of a Kiribati man who fought to become recognised as a climate change refugee. He was deported back to his home country.Gerrard first stumbled across the question of legal rights for climate refugees in 2005, when the Marshall Islands’ UN ambassador approached him seeking legal guidance. The Marshall Islands, Palau and Kiribati all have a special arrangement with the US that allows citizens to migrate freely.However, there is generally a lack of national policies to prevent displacement, according to Franck, of UNHCR. She stressed the importance of including citizens in this process, as displaced people in the Philippines were not consulted on their relocation following the typhoon a few years ago.Identifying people affected by climate change can be difficult, warn experts like Franck. One season of severe drought can knock out someone’s crops, but farmers and scientists alike are unlikely to immediately attribute the resulting food shortage to extreme weather caused by climate change. For example, multiple studies linked Australia’s record-setting heat wave in 2013, stretching into 2014, to climate change. But typically, connecting climate change to extreme weather is not easy, given the complexity of the events.FURTHER READING: The psychology behind dealing with climate change“Even when you ask people from Pacific Nations why they moved they will give you similar answers about livelihood and work and being able to get a visa for some countries and not others,” said Randall. “It is difficult if we cannot isolate this group, how do we create a legal framework for them?”UNHCR’s communication officer Andreas Needham said he has observed this during his work, with some Somalis arriving in Kenyan refugee camps following periods of drought citing livelihood as their prime reason for migrating.As such, ambiguities remain and a devastating drought or a massive tropical cyclone might not push a person into the unofficial category of an environmental or climate refugee.However, there is still a strong likelihood that extreme events like these may become even more intense and more frequent. These erratic weather patterns and warming temperatures could essentially make areas of the world uninhabitable, possibly displacing millions, and may make hopes many have of establishing a home, a virtual impossibility.
877	0	Rain is expected to fall heavily in the west of the lower South Island on Monday and early on Tuesday, the MetService has warned. The rain is forecast to arrive in an active front from the Tasman Sea on Monday morning. The front will be followed by a cold southwest change. Parts of the West Coast, areas around the main divide, and the South Canterbury and Otago headwaters are expected to be affected. MetService is advising people to keep up to date with the latest forecasts.  READ MORE: * 'It will be extensive and expensive': Civil Defence surveys Northland's clean-up job after flooding and slips * Northland businesses begin clean up after floods wash out shops * More rain in West Coast set to cause flooding and road closures * Torrential rain causes chaos on the West Coast  Between 120 millimetres and 180mm of rain is forecast for Westland south of Harihari. Heavy rain is expected to start in the Canterbury headwaters south of the Rakaia River about 9am on Monday, and in the Otago headwaters about 11am. It is expected to continue until about 6am Tuesday. In Fiordland north of Doubtful Sound, heavy rain is forecast from 11am Monday until 4am Tuesday, with thunderstorms and downpours possible from Monday afternoon.
848	4	"Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com.The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) announced two initiatives on Thursday to advance climate change resilience.The initiatives are the formation of a Climate Adaptation Enterprise Steering Group and a robust stakeholder engagement process established to help develop the agency’s 2022–2026 Strategic Plan. In a release, the agency said that the actions were critical first steps in its efforts to address the crisis. ""Climate change is the crisis of this generation. Combating it requires mitigating future risks and reducing impacts,"" FEMA Administrator Deanne Criswell said in a statement. ""In partnership with federal science agencies, we are analyzing how climate change will increase the frequency and severity across all hazards and what next steps are necessary to protect communities nationwide. FEMA is also advancing sustainability through our facilities, operations and programs, including lowering emissions and promoting nature-based solutions.""According to FEMA, the Climate Adaption Steering Group is focused on developing a unified agency approach to address the impacts of climate change across all agency programs and operations. The group will be co-chaired by leadership from FEMA’s Office of Response and Recovery, Office of Resilience and FEMA Regions. FEMA's 2022–2026 Strategic Plan is also being developed through input from both internal and external stakeholders.      Federal Emergency Management (FEMA) Administrator Deanne Criswell discusses hurricane preparedness amid surging coronavirus disease (COVID-19) infections and the impact of climate change on severe weather during an interview with Reuters Aug. 18, 2021.       (REUTERS/Gabrielle Crockett)Following recent Biden administration executive orders on climate change, equity and environmental justice, FEMA said it would increase climate literacy among emergency managers, build climate-resilient communities and empower risk-informed decision making using a ""whole-of-community approach."" ""As our nation confronts the impacts of climate change, the challenge is clear. It is imperative that we invest in building a more resilient nation. Our programs and policies must protect communities and the economy from the worst impacts of climate-related disasters before they occur,"" Criswell said.The administration has issued several climate change-related executive orders since taking office in January, including an ""Executive Order on Tackling the Climate Crisis at Home and Abroad,"" an ""Executive Order on Climate-Related Financial Risk"" and an ""Executive Order on Protecting Public Health and the Environment and Restoring Science to Tackle the Climate Crisis.""The White House has also rolled back tens of Trump-era environmental policies with the intention to take on many more.This weekend, President Biden will meet with world leaders in Rome for the G-20 Summit and will later attend the United Nations (UN) Climate Change Conference in Glasgow, Scotland.All of this comes amidst continued haggling in Congress over legislation to advance U.S. climate goals and as scientists continue to provide dire messages on the future of planet Earth.In a list of additional resilience measures, FEMA said it would continue to develop new initiatives to respond to the climate crisis through its existing authorities and responsibilities. For example, FEMA is developing its National Risk Index, announcing funding opportunities to aid states and communities in disaster preparation via FEMA’s Hazard Mitigation Assistance grant programs, implementing the Federal Flood Risk Management Standard, funding mitigation efforts in FEMA’s Individuals and Households Program to help homeowners rebuild after disasters, fixing flood insurance inequities and updating the National Flood Insurance Program's pricing methodology, updating the ""Building Codes Toolkit For Building Owners and Occupants"" and hosting the sixth annual Resilient Nation Partnership Network Forum virtually throughout the month of October with NASA. ""Communities across the country continue to witness the devastating and increasing impacts of hurricanes, floods, wildfires, droughts and other weather events,"" FEMA said in a statement. ""The increase and severity of disasters burden our emergency management partners and disproportionately impact historically underserved communities. FEMA is working across the agency and with partners to identify a path forward.""In an August report, UN climate scientists warned that the Earth is getting so hot that temperatures in about a decade will probably blow past a level of warming that world leaders have sought to prevent, calling it a ""code red for humanity,""  though easing back a bit on the likelihood of the absolute worst climate catastrophes.Over the past 60 years, the Earth has been warmed by 1.7 degrees Fahrenheit due to the impact of human-caused climate change.Scientists say that the number and intensity of weather and climate-related events will increase in the coming years due to the impacts of human-caused climate change.The Associated Press contributed to this report."
580	5	Antarctic ice has revealed that pre-industrial air pollution was worse than thought, suggesting climate models have overstated the warming from greenhouse gases.Key to modelling the climate of the future is understanding how the rate at which surface temperatures are likely to rise in response to greenhouse gas levels.To do this, modern climate models start by looking at how temperatures responded to known changes in the past — and then extrapolating from there.The problem is that while past greenhouse gas levels are well documented, they are not the only things in the atmosphere that can affect surface temperatures.Aerosols, as released by volcanoes and fires, have a cooling effect — but, unlike greenhouse gases, their levels before the Industrial era are poorly understood.A team led from Harvard University analysed cores of Antarctic ice, trapped in which were soot particles from Africa, Australia and South America dating back to 1750.Analysing this suggested that — in the southern hemisphere at least — pre-industrial times were more fiery than was previously anticipated, with four times the soot.This means that, before 1780, the atmosphere was being cooled by soot more than expected — with implications for atmospheric models based on this assumption.Specifically, in order to account for the observed increase in surface temperatures since then, models may have overestimated the warming from greenhouse gases.While the world is 'clearly' warming, as the team put it, the new findings suggest that it might not be heating up at quite the rate that was previously feared.Antarctic ice has revealed that pre-industrial air pollution was worse than thought, suggesting climate models have overstated the warming from greenhouse gases. Pictured: the historical burning of biomass as recorded by the ice cores (black) and predicted by two models — a traditional one (blue) the team's new model based on fire emissions (yellow)'Up till now, the magnitude of past fire activity, and thus the amount of smoke in the preindustrial atmosphere, has not been well characterized,' explained paper author and atmospheric chemist Pengfei Liu of Massachussets' Harvard University.'These results have importance for understanding the evolution of climate change from the 1750s until today, and for predicting future climate.'In total, Dr Liu and colleagues analysed the content of 14 different ice cores, each bored up from a different location across the southernmost continent.'Soot deposited in glacier ice directly reflects past atmospheric concentrations so well-dated ice cores provide the most reliable long-term records,' explained hydrologist Joseph McConnell of the Desert Research Institute in Nevada.The researchers were surprised to find that the pre-industrial (here defined as 1750–1780) soot levels were considerably higher than was long thought.'While most studies have assumed less fire took place in the preindustrial era, the ice cores suggested a much fierier past, at least in the Southern Hemisphere,' said atmospheric chemist Loretta Mickley, also of Harvard University. In total, Dr Liu and colleagues analysed the content of 14 different ice cores, each bored up from a different location across the southernmost continent — as pictured, with graphs showing the changing soot concentrations from 1750 to the present day'While most studies have assumed less fire took place in the preindustrial era, the ice cores suggested a much fierier past, at least in the Southern Hemisphere,' said paper author and atmospheric chemist Loretta Mickley, also of Harvard UniversityTo account for these surprising levels of soot, the team ran computer simulations which explored both the impact of wildfires and the burning practices of indigenous peoples in the southern hemisphere.'The computer simulations of fire show that the atmosphere of the Southern Hemisphere could have been very smoky in the century before the Industrial Revolution,' said earth scientist Jed Kaplan of the University of Hong Kong.'Soot concentrations in the atmosphere were up to four times greater than previous studies suggested,' he added.'Most of this was caused by widespread and regular burning practiced by indigenous peoples in the pre-colonial period.'Indeed the smelting of copper is known to have taken place in South America from as early as 1400 BC, with the Incas smelting silver ore later that century and air pollution increasing when the conquistadors invaded the century after. Both the ice core data and the models conclude that soot levels were abundant before the industrial era and remained relatively constant across the 20th century.As land use changed — and fire activity decreased — emissions from industry increased instead, the models suggest.To account for the surprising levels of soot found in the ice cores, the team ran computer simulations which explored both the impact of wildfires and the burning practices of indigenous peoples in the southern hemisphere. Pictured: black carbon (soot) emissions during pre-industry (left), the present day (middle) and in comparison (right) as predicted by an old model (top) and the new fire model (middle). From the two right-most plots, it can be seen that more soot is being emitted in the researcher's new model than the older one'Climate scientists have known that the most recent generation of climate models have been over-estimating surface temperature sensitivity to greenhouse gasses, but we haven't known why or by how much,' explained Dr Liu.'This research offers a possible explanation', he noted.The new finding, added Dr Mickley, 'allows us to refine our predictions moving forward.''Clearly the world is warming but the key question is how fast will it warm as greenhouse gas emissions continue to rise, she added. The full findings of the study were published in the journal Science Advances. Sir David urged action against global warming and called it a man-made disaster that poses 'our greatest threat in thousands of years'Your excellencies, ladies and gentlemen.'We the peoples of the United Nations'.These are the opening words of the UN Charter.A charter that puts people at the centre.A pledge to give every person in the world a voice on its future.A promise to help protect the weakest and the strongest from war, famine and other man-made disasters.Right now, we are facing a man-made disaster of global scale.Our greatest threat in thousands of years. Climate Change.If we don't take action the collapse of our civilisations and the extinction of much of the natural world is on the horizon.The United Nations provides a unique platform that can unite the whole world.And as the Paris agreement proved, together we can make real change happen.At this crucial moment, the United Nations has invited the world's people to have their voice heard, by giving them a seat.The People's Seat; giving everyone the opportunity to join us here today, virtually, and speak directly to you the decision makers.In the last two weeks, the world's people have taken part in building this address, answering polls, sending video messages and voicing their opinions.I am only here to represent the 'Voice of the People': to deliver our collective thoughts, concerns, ideas and suggestions.This is our 'We the peoples' message. The world's people have spoken. Their message is clear.Time is running out.They want you, the decision makers, to act now.They are behind you, along with civil society represented here today. Supporting you in making tough decisions but also willing to make sacrifices in their daily lives.To help make change happen, the UN is launching the Act Now bot.Helping people to discover simple everyday actions that they can take, because they recognize that they too must play their part.The People have spoken.Leaders of the world, you must lead.
864	5	“What is your opinion about global warming?” We ask this question of political candidates, Supreme Court nominees and ourselves. But there is something more fundamental we should ask first, because it changes the framing of the discussion. The more fundamental question is: “If the climate were changing and expected to produce problems like sea level rise, floods and droughts, would you want a warning?”As a professor of atmospheric sciences, I have researched weather and weather forecasting for 40 years. Forecasters issue warnings for hazardous weather because people answer yes to questions such as: “If you live in Key West and a hurricane might hit, would you want a warning?” Weather and climate are closely related, characterizing things like temperatures, winds and rainfall on an hour-by-hour (weather) or a season-by-season (climate) basis.Turning from weather to climate, the analogous question becomes: “If you live in Key West and climate change is expected to produce sea level rise, would you want a warning?”Weather forecasters weigh three concerns when deciding to issue a warning. They don’t want to miss an event; they don’t want to issue false alarms; and they need to issue the warning with enough lead time for the public to take action.The later forecasters wait to issue a warning, the easier it is both to detect a developing event and to avoid a false alarm — but having an earlier warning can save lives and protect property. That’s why increasing the lead time for warnings has been a priority in the weather forecasting community. From 2008 to 2019, the average lead time for high-wind warnings issued by the National Weather Service increased from 6 to 12 hours, while the rate at which forecasters missed real events or issued false alarms stayed essentially constant.As an illustration of potential responses to long-lead-time forecasts, evacuation orders for the Florida Keys were issued four days before devastating Hurricane Irma came ashore in 2017. Major changes in hurricane intensity can easily occur over four days and are very difficult to forecast, but the Hurricane Irma warnings needed to go out in time for people to evacuate along the sole escape route, U.S. Highway 1.We also need long-lead-time warnings about climate change because our extensive existing investments in cars, power plants and similar infrastructure cannot be changed to quickly reduce the emissions from burning fossil fuels such as coal, gas and oil. Meanwhile, most carbon dioxide (CO2) added to the atmosphere each year by new emissions remains there for hundreds to thousands of years. Each day of business as usual allows more emissions to accumulate.Can we rely on new technologies to solve the problem of climate change, as some might be hoping, eliminating the need for long-lead-time warnings? Geoengineering technologies proposed to remove CO2 from the atmosphere have not demonstrated practical viability to significantly reverse our current emissions. There is no guarantee they will ever develop into anything more useful than the futile geoengineering effort to weaken hurricanes.Project Stormfury was launched in the 1960s with great optimism. Stormfury appeared to score an initial success when a fleet of Navy aircraft seeded the eyewall of Hurricane Debbie, and the winds decreased. Yet subsequent studies showed the working hypothesis behind Stormfury was incorrect, and the changes observed in Debbie occur spontaneously in many hurricanes. Today, we still have no way to reduce the intensity of a hurricane barreling down upon our coastal cities and towns. Warnings remain our best tool to survive hurricanes — not weather modification.Since we can’t count on having practical tools to remove CO2, delaying efforts to reduce current emissions amounts to placing an irreversible bet against our scientific understanding that releasing more heat-trapping gases will cause more global warming. Even if some are not entirely convinced that human emissions are warming and disrupting the climate, it’s worth returning to the fundamental question: Do we want advanced warning about global warming and its impacts? As with hurricanes, our response to the warnings will be far more effective if we act before the storm is fully upon us.We know that global average temperatures are increasing. The past six years were the six hottest years in recorded history; two of the three hottest years were 2019 and 2020. The observational and theoretical evidence that this temperature rise will continue and is driven by the emission of CO2 and other greenhouse gases is very strong. Even if we can’t be 100 percent sure of the precise timing of global-warming impacts, the available information is well above the threshold for conscientious scientists to issue warnings.The question for those of us planning for the future is: Do we want any warning?Dale Durran is a professor and past chair of the Department of Atmospheric Sciences at the University of Washington and a fellow of the American Meteorological Society.
447	5	"Meeting the UK's world-leading climate change target will be a ""colossal challenge"", a government spending watchdog has warned.The National Audit Office says it will affect the way we work, travel, heat our homes - even how much meat we eat.In a report it says the cost of cutting CO2 is highly uncertain, but the cost of allowing temperatures to rise would probably be greater.The PM has vowed to cut emissions by 68% by 2030 based on 1990 levels.Making the new pledge, Boris Johnson urged other world leaders to follow with ambitious targets at the virtual climate summit he is hosting on 12 December.The announcement has been broadly welcomed, although scientists say it does not guarantee dangerous climate change will be avoided.They urged Mr Johnson to impose policies to back up his ambitions - currently the UK is slipping behind its existing targets.The PM said: âWe have proven we can reduce our emissions and create hundreds of thousands of jobs in the process â uniting businesses, academics, NGOs and local communities in a common goal to go further and faster to tackle climate change.âToday, we are taking the lead with an ambitious new target to reduce our emissions by 2030 faster than any major economy.âBut this is a global effort, which is why the UK is urging world leaders to bring forward their own ambitious plans to cut emissions and set net zero targets.âOne of the UKâs leading climate scientists, Prof Sir Brian Hoskins, told BBC News: âMr Johnsonâs target is ambitious â but we need action to back it up, right now. He noted that Chancellor Rishi Sunak recently committed Â£127bn to the HS2 rail link and new roads - which will both increase emissions - while offering just Â£1bn to home insulation, which would reduce emissions.Prof Hoskins remarked: âThe actions of the chancellor don't measure up. Every single department has to wear climate change glasses when they think of new policies, and the Treasury clearly hasnât got that message.âHe and other scientists said even if the UK and other nations keep their promises on cutting emissions there was no guarantee the world would avoid serious heating.âThe world will be increasingly difficult and dangerous with every percentage point of temperature rise,â he said. âThere are important things we donât know for sure. How much more does it take to destabilise Antarctica, for instance? We don't knowâ¦ and the impact could be devastating.âProf Corinne Le QuÃ©rÃ© from the University of East Anglia said if nations matched the UKâs lead âit wonât be a safe climate â but it will be a safer climate than weâd get based on current levels of ambition.âIn 2019, total UK greenhouse gas emissions were 45% per cent lower than in 1990. Achieving the new target, a 68% cut, will require the UK working 50% harder than it currently is. Between 2008 and 2018 the energy sector saw the biggest fall in emissions (-62%) as the UK abandoned coal burning. It's followed by the waste sector (-46%) which started capturing methane emissions, and industry (29%) where efficiency improved. Emissions from transport have barely fallen (-3%). Farm emissions are almost static (-2%).A coalition of green groups is urging the government to reach a 75% cut by 2030. And more radical groups such as Extinction Rebellion say the UK should stop emissions almost completely within a few years to be confident of avoiding climate disaster.Research by the London School of Economics (LSE) found that it is economically feasible for UK emissions to be cut by 72%. The government has not costed the range of measures that would be needed, but experts say more homes will need to switch to low-carbon heating. Gas-guzzling SUVs might also be forced off the roads â and frequent fliers taxed more.The Committee on Climate Change (CCC), which advises government, welcomed the 68% cut, but warned: âThis is more than just a number. âIt should be accompanied by wider climate commitments, including the development of a policy package and net zero strategy to deliver against the UK goal; clear commitments to reduce international aviation and shipping emissions; and greater support for climate finance, particularly for developing countries.â Net zero refers to cutting greenhouse gas emissions as far as possible and balancing any further releases by removing an equivalent amount from the atmosphere.More policies will be revealed if the long-delayed Energy White Paper is published, as expected, before Christmas.The prime ministerâs 68% target represents the UKâs NDC â its nationally determined contribution towards meeting the Paris Agreement. NDCs represent the commitments by each country - under the Paris pact - to reduce their own national emissions and adapt to the impacts of climate change.The Paris deal, signed in 2016, is aimed at keeping global temperature rise well under 2C, preferably with a maximum rise of 1.5C.The virtual event Mr Johnson is hosting next week is in place of annual UN climate talks scheduled for Glasgow in November but postponed by a year because of Covid-19.The UK will hold the presidency of next yearâs meeting in partnership with Italy. It is known as COP26 - the 26th Conference of the Parties. Laurence Tubiana, an architect of the Paris Agreement, said: ""This commitment from the prime minister can underpin his personal efforts to seek similar moves from counterparts in the run-up to the Glasgow Summit next year. â(It will need) investments in areas ranging from greener steel production to farming and clean heating technologies, but other countries can draw confidence from Britain's leadership.""The RSPBâs Martin Harper said: âThe UK governmentâs new 2030 climate target will enhance the UKâs leadership credentials.  âBut we need to go further and faster, in particular by investing in protecting and restoring habitats such as our peatlands which are so important for locking up carbon.â A UK strategy on conserving peat is long-delayed.Ed Miliband, the shadow business secretary, said: ""We welcome the important strengthening of the 2030 UK target. But this is the minimum we should aim for.""Peter Simpson, from Anglian Water and co-chair of the Prince of Wales's Corporate Leaders Group, said: âCredible plans matter in the race to zero, so todayâs announcement is welcomed. The spotlight is on.â Meg Hillier, chairwoman of the Public Accounts Committee, said the net zero target was ""daunting"".""The government hasn't put its own house in order yet or done enough to put the UK on course to meet older, easier targets. It's time to lead by example and shift its efforts up a gear,"" she said."
484	5	"AMSTERDAM -- Nature's way is best for controlling the gases responsible for climate change, the U.N. Environment Program said in a report Friday.The report said better management of forests, more careful agricultural practices and the restoration of peatlands could soak up significant amounts of carbon dioxide, the most common of the gases blamed for global warming.""We need to move toward a comprehensive policy framework for addressing ecosystems,"" said co-author Barney Dickson, releasing the report at the U.N. climate negotiations in Bonn, Germany. The event was Webcast worldwide.Millions of dollars are being invested in research on capturing and burying carbon emissions from power stations, but investing in ecosystems could achieve cheaper results, the report said.It also would have the added effects of preserving biodiversity, improving water supplies and boosting livelihoods.Halving deforestation by mid-century and maintaining that lower rate for another 50 years would save the equivalent of five years of carbon emissions at the current level, said Dickson, the agency's head of climate change and biodiversity.The loss of peatlands, mainly drained for palm oil and pulp wood plantations in Southeast Asia, contributes 8 percent of global carbon emissions. China could capture about 5 percent of its carbon emissions from burning fossil fuels by returning straw to croplands, it said.Agriculture has the largest potential for storing carbon if farmers use better techniques, such as avoiding turning over the soil and using natural compost and manure rather than chemical fertilizers, it said."
418	4	"The British monarch made the remarks on Thursday during a conversation at the opening of the Welsh Parliament in Cardiff.The Queen was chatting with the Duchess of Cornwall and Elin Jones, the parliament's presiding officer, when her remarks were captured on video.At one point, the Queen appears to be talking about the COP26 climate conference in Glasgow, saying: ""I've been hearing all about COP ... I still don't know who's coming."" In a separate clip, the Queen appears to say it is ""irritating"" when ""they talk, but they don't do."" Parts of the two clips were inaudible.In her reply, Jones appears to reference Prince William's remarks from earlier Thursday, saying she had been watching him ""on television this morning saying there's no point going into space, we need to save the earth,"" the PA Media news agency reported.The Duke of Cambridge spoke about the ongoing rush for space travel in an interview with the BBC's Newscast podcast, which aired on Thursday.""We need some of the world's greatest brains and minds fixed on trying to repair this planet, not trying to find the next place to go and live,"" he said.His comments aired the day after ""Star Trek"" actor William Shatner, 90, made history by becoming the oldest person to go to space aboard a New Shepard spacecraft, developed by Jeff Bezos' Blue Origin."
147	4	THREE years ago the world agreed in Paris to keep global warming below 2°C relative to pre-industrial levels, and preferably no higher than 1.5°C. Scientists expecting a fuzzier climate-friendly commitment were astonished by the inclusion of the lower target, inserted at the insistence of low-lying island nations for which an additional half a degree could spell doom because of rising sea-levels. Since then researchers have explored the difference between the two scenarios in other areas, from biodiversity to frequency of natural disasters, as well as what it would take to achieve them. On October 8th the UN-backed Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change published a survey of that literature. The much-anticipated report concludes that letting Earth warm beyond 1.5°C presents a serious danger to humans and other species. It also presents four different possible routes to achieving this more ambitious aim (see chart), three of which require removing considerable amounts of carbon from the atmosphere using technology like Bioenergy with Carbon Capture and Storage (BECCS)—burning crops and storing the resulting emissions deep underground (see our briefing on carbon capture). Governments, whose present Paris pledges put the planet on course for 3°C of warming, had better read it carefully.
556	5	It tries to find hope against a backdrop of failure.People must be burned out on major climate reports, and can you really blame them? Every year, it seems, yet another group of scientists compiles what we know about climate change. And every year, with few exceptions, the broad outlines of that knowledge seem worrying. But nothing ever really changes—and so our ongoing apocalypse becomes not only all the more terrifying, but also all the more tedious.That burnout is understandable, but I urge you to pay attention to—yes—a new report released this week by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, the UN-convened coalition of climate scientists from around the world. Whereas previous assessments have warned of our hideous overheated future, this one does something different: It tries to sketch a better one.The report articulates what seems, from the vantage point of 2018, like a best-case scenario for climate change. It describes what the world will look like if it warms by only 2.7 degrees Fahrenheit, or 1.5 degrees Celsius, by the end of this century. Meeting that target would require humanity to abandon coal and other fossil fuels in the next decade or two—an economic transition so abrupt that, in the IPCC’s words, it “has no documented historic precedents.”This lukewarm world would still suffer many of the consequences of climate change. There would be more deadly heat waves, more heavy rainstorms, and more intense and frequent droughts. Yet some of the phenomenon’s most catastrophic symptoms, including dozens of feet of sea-level rise and planet-wracking extinctions, might be averted.The report, in other words, lays out humanity’s last best hope for managing climate change. But it does so against a backdrop of generational failure.More than a quarter century ago, the countries of the world hammered out the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change. In language signed by President George H. W. Bush and ratified by the Senate, that document—which later gave rise to both the IPCC’s reports and the Paris Agreement—laid out the goal for all of the UN’s future work on climate change. “The ultimate objective,” it said, was to cut greenhouse-gas emissions so as to “prevent dangerous anthropogenic interference with the climate system.”“Climate scientists have made it abundantly clear, over the past few years, that we’ve already passed that goal. We’ve already dangerously interfered,” says Christopher Field, the director of the Stanford Woods Institute for the Environment, who has worked on previous UN reports but was not involved in this one.The new report confirms his contention. It finds that the world has already warmed by 1.8 degrees Fahrenheit, or 1 degree Celsius, since humans began sending industrial pollution into the atmosphere. The costs of this warmth can be seen around the world: This decade alone, sweltering heat waves have killed thousands; engorged floods have ravaged cities from Houston to North Carolina; and half of the coral in the Great Barrier Reef has died.The question is what happens next. “The international community is struggling with how to address the climate challenge … [while] not being able to meet the ultimate objective,” Field told me. “We’ve already seen dangerous interference. Now the question is, How do we deal as effectively as we can with that?”The new 2.7-degree plan tries to lay out such a strategy. Written by 91 researchers from around the world, it summarizes the findings of more than 6,000 different scientific studies. It argues that humanity must begin rapidly switching away from fossil fuels if it hopes to avoid ecological upheaval. But almost every step of its prescription sits at odds with current policy.Under the plan, the level of carbon pollution released into the atmosphere every year must begin to fall immediately. (Instead, it hit a record high last year.) By 2030, the world would need to have cut its annual emissions by about half. (Even the Obama administration’s now-canceled climate policies would have cut U.S. emissions only by about a quarter by that year.) By 2050, the world must get 80 percent of its electricity from renewable or nuclear power. (Today, only about 20 percent of electricity comes from those sources.)Avoiding two degrees of warming “is now totally unrealistic.”Additionally, humanity would need to start removing more carbon dioxide from the atmosphere than it emitted by 2050. But even in that world, humanity would probably overshoot the 1.5-degree target for a few decades.Nowhere are the report’s prescriptions more glaring than around coal. By 2050, it warns that coal must generate no more than 7 percent of global electricity. Today coal generates about 40 percent of the world’s power. But more than 1,600 new coal plants are due to come online worldwide in the next few decades, most under contract from Chinese companies. The Trump administration, meanwhile, has tried to create new subsidies for coal companies. It has also moved to weaken or repeal pollution regulations limiting airborne neurotoxins, as well those reducing greenhouse-gas emissions—rules that attracted the ire of coal companies. “Many will dismiss the [2.7-degree] target as unrealistic, if not laughable,” said Kim Cobb, a professor of climate science at Georgia Tech, in an email. “It is not our job as scientists to give the world a ‘pass’ in the face of damaging delays in tackling climate change.”She added that the report’s authors “spent months of their lives outlining a path that is entirely justified, from a cost perspective, and urgently needed.”The report marks the first time the IPCC has examined a 2.7-degree warming “target.” For more than a decade, every nation on the planet has pledged to limit warming to 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit, or 2 degrees Celsius. This goal remains as notional as its newer and more ambitious peer: Even if every country met its obligations as they stand today under the Paris Agreement, the world would emit too much carbon dioxide and shoot past the goal.But that less ambitious target of 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit has started to look more and more dangerous. In particular, increasing Earth’s temperature by that amount seems like it might greatly increase the risk of destabilizing ice sheets in Antarctica and Greenland.“We know there’s a threshold somewhere—probably in the vicinity of [3.6 degrees Fahrenheit]—where we’re very likely committed to more than [30 feet of sea-level rise] over centuries,” Field told me. It may be possible to preserve those large stores of ice at 2.7 degrees, scientists have found.Katharine Hayhoe, a climate scientist at Texas Tech, told me that the report as a whole should be seen as a reappraisal of where we’re heading as a planet. “It’s like we had a medical issue. The physician had diagnosed it. But now they’re worried it might be worse than we thought,” she said. “So we go back and do a complete work over, every type of test we can imagine.”The new prognosis is stirring. A world that warms by 3.6 degrees—and not 2.7 degrees—will find that its problems metastasize out of scale with that seemingly small difference. In the hotter world, the number of people affected by water scarcity will double. Twice as many corn crops will perish in the tropics. The size of global fisheries will drop by 50 percent. And 99 percent of the world’s coral reefs will perish.No ecosystem on Earth is safe from climate change.Plants and animals will also have a much harder time. If the world warms 3.6 degrees, the number of species projected to lose half their habitat will double as compared with the 2.7-degree world. These effects are particularly acute for the Arctic. In the 2.7-degree world, the sea ice in the Arctic Ocean will entirely melt about once a century. In the 3.6-degree world, the Arctic Ocean will go ice-free about once a decade—a potentially cataclysmic moment for polar bears, seals, and other high-latitude mammals.“A lot of the reason it’s been so challenging to turn the corner on climate change is it will mean that some of the folks who are in positions of power and privilege won’t maintain that privilege,” Field said. “We have a huge number of special interests that benefit from making the transition slower rather than faster.”Even lacking that clause, the new report might set the stage for the next stage of the climate challenge. As every climate scientist will tell you, the battle to prevent climate change entirely has already been lost. But the battle to blunt its effects—to manage it, as humanity manages the threats of hunger, poverty, war, disease, and other afflictions, and to choose a better, cooler future—has just begun.
323	5	"The activists, many dressed in white overalls, evaded police officers as they crossed fields and roads, before descending into the vast Garzweiler lignite mine, located south-west of Düsseldorf. The mine, which covers 48 square kilometers, is operated by German electricity giant RWE (Rheinisch-Westfälisches Elektrizitätswerk AG) and produces raw materials used in coal-fired power stations. Organized by the Ende Gelände (EG) alliance, a German environmental protest movement, the activists staged a blockade against the police, sitting down in the center of the mine, covered with reflective blankets to protect themselves from the sun. ""We still have hope, the door is still open to a future within the 1.5 degrees C limit,"" Sina Reisch, a spokeswoman for the EG alliance, said in a statement. ""But we will miss this last chance if we don't act immediately. ""Today, we set out with thousands of people towards a future without fossil fuels, without exploitation and without this destructive quest for infinite economic growth."" Nike Malhaus, a fellow EG spokesman, added: ""Nothing less than our future is at stake. We will definitely not wait until 2038 to phase out coal, we are acting now. ""If we keep burning coal for another 20 years, it is impossible to stay within the 1.5 degrees C limit. Today we are taking the coal phase out into our own hands because the government is failing to protect the climate."" The protesters were quickly surrounded by police and many were forcibly removed. Kathrin Henneberger, an EG representative, reported that the final protesters were removed from the mine Sunday morning. ""It will continue all over Europe this summer,"" she wrote on Twitter. ""Our resistance has only just begun."" Saturday's protest came just a day after EG protesters blockaded the railway tracks leading to the Neurath power station, one of Germany's main coal-fired plants, halting the supply of coal. ""This weekend, we have completely shut down the CO2 source in Europe, the Rhineland lignite mining area,"" Henneberger wrote on Twitter. ""No coal train goes to the power plants anymore. No excavator works anymore in the opencast mines. It is amazing. Thanks to all the thousands of brave people.""The Aachen Police force, which is responsible for the region in which the power plant is located, reported that individuals were detained during the blockade. They noted that protesters were given multiple opportunities to leave the tracks freely on being asked, but failed to comply with the order. The force also noted that a number of officers were injured as protesters attempted to break through police chains and avoid security measures. Saturday's blockade was not the first time that the EG alliance has staged large-scale protests; in October 2018, approximately 6,000 activists blocked the tracks leading to a coal mine near the Hambach forest for 24 hours. As many as 8,000 protesters also took to the streets Saturday in the town of Keyenberg, located next to the Garzweiler mine, which is threatened with destruction by plans to expand the mine.Despite Germany's decision to abandon nuclear energy following the 2011 Fukushima nuclear power plant disaster in Japan, coal still plays a central role in its energy mix. The government committed in January 2019 to close all of Germany's coal-fired power plants by 2038, but coal still accounted for around 40% of the country's electricity in 2018."
37	4	Hundreds of scientists and bureaucrats have been editing the new report, which must be unanimously approved by the panel, during closed-door meetings in Paris.AgreementThe panel, which includes 2,500 scientists from 130 countries, is also expected to say that ocean levels will continue to rise for more than 1,000 years even if governments stabilise greenhouse gas emissions.The report will be the first of four this year by the panel that will outline the danger of global warming.Delegates said the Paris meeting later agreed a “best estimate” that temperatures will rise by between 1.8 and 4.0C by 2100 over pre-industrial levels, the biggest change in a century for thousands of years.Shrinking iceThe draft accord projects that Arctic ice will shrink, and perhaps disappear in summers by 2100, while heat waves and downpours would get more frequent. In advance of the report’s release, the lights on the Eiffel Tower in Paris were turned off as part of a campaign to highlight the threat of global warming.
586	4	The eco-warriors behind a 'shameful' Extinction Rebellion protest at the Cenotaph this morning have been unmasked as a former private in the British Army and a Buddhist NHS nurse.Widower Donald Bell, 64, and mother-of-two Anne White, 53, were blasted by furious veterans, MPs and the families of fallen soldiers for the climate change stunt that went unchallenged by police.The demonstrators, who were joined by two others, trampled over wreaths and unveiled a banner reading 'Honour Their Sacrifice, Climate Change Means War' on the 100th anniversary of the memorial in central London.Mr Bell led the protest at 8am and held a two-minute silence before hanging his own wreath above ones laid by senior military figures, Royals and politicians at the weekend.But it took the Metropolitan Police at least half an hour to take his down, despite one of their cars being parked within sight of the monument.This was in stark contrast to Sunday when officers pushed Scots Guard veteran bagpiper Ben Buckland to the ground when he marched at the police barricade guarding the memorial.It comes as homes across the UK fell silent in remembrance of the nation's war dead on Armistice Day, as the coronavirus pandemic limited public commemorations.People were asked not to gather at the Cenotaph for Remembrance Day - to stop the spread of Covid-19 - but the brazen XR demonstrators ignored the request.A spokesman for Prime Minister Boris Johnson said the incident 'on today of all days' was 'profoundly disrespectful' while Sir Keir Starmer branded the protest as 'wrong', 'in bad taste and we do not support them'.Tobias Ellwood, who served with the Royal Green Jackets before becoming an MP, said the group was going to 'alienate' people and the Royal British Legion said the day was 'not for political protest'.Donald Bell (right, with Anne White) said: 'I took action today knowing that I would be criticised. I knew that I would be accused of being disrespectful and hated by many for speaking out in this way'Mr Bell is pictured left during an Extinction Rebellion protest in Cambridge and Ms White is pictured right on the city's XR Instagram pageThe eco-warriors trampled over wreaths and unveiled a banner reading 'Honour Their Sacrifice, Climate Change Means War' on the 100th anniversary of the memorial on Whitehall, central London Former soldier Donald Bell (right) and NHS nurse Anne White, 53, led the protest at 8am and held a two-minute silence before hanging his own wreath with the words 'climate change means war, act now' But it took the Metropolitan Police up to half an hour to take it down despite one of their cars being parked within sight of the monumentMr Bell, a 64-year-old former private (left, saluting the Cenotaph), said he wanted to highlight how climate change could cause more wars'The Metropolitan Police later swooped in and removed the protest from the monument in Whitehall, but it reportedly took them up to half an hourMr Bell went to The Netherhall School in Cambridge before studying archaeology at York. As a young infantryman in the British Army, he was hit by shrapnel from an IRA car bomb that killed two soldiers in Stewartstown in 1974.Mr Bell says he completed four tours of duty with the Royal Anglian Regiment. These days, he is fighting climate change.Former infantryman Donald BellAs a young infantryman in the British Army, he was hit by shrapnel from an IRA car bomb that killed two other soldiers in Stewartstown in 1974.Mr Bell completed four tours of duty with the Royal Anglian Regiment.These days, he is fighting climate change.In February, he was seen digging up the lawn at Cambridge's Trinity College and was later arrested after gluing himself to a police van, telling reporters he had been writing letters to the Government for nearly 50 years but was always ignored.He said: 'We had to be more disruptive. I just felt compelled to do something for my children and grandchildren.'NHS nurse Anne White, 53, has 30 years experience as a health professionalNHS nurse Anne White, 53, has 30 years experience as a health professional and a member of Extinction Rebellion. Today she compared the climate change emergency to being called to save a patient's life while on duty.  'This is important to me as a nurse because it's my job to promote health and save lives and climate change is already causing deaths all around the world,' she said. 'Many of these are a result of conflict over land, food and resources.'In February, he was seen digging up the lawn at Cambridge's Trinity College and was later arrested after gluing himself to a police van, telling reporters he had been writing letters to the Government for nearly 50 years but was always ignored.He said: 'We had to be more disruptive. I just felt compelled to do something for my children and grandchildren.'There was no response at Mr Bell's ground-floor council flat in Cherry Hinton, on the outskirts of Cambridge, today.But there were multiple signs of his support for the climate change extremists, with XR stickers on the front door, on the walls in common areas, and a poster of a skull with 'Extinction Rebellion' written on it, in one of the windows.Even the washing line had a banner sporting the distinctive XR logo.One neighbour, who asked not to be named, said the widowed soldier was 'a nice chap who would say hello.''I knew he was into this kind of activity because I'd seen him in the local paper,' said the neighbour, 'but I don't have a problem with what he believes in, as long as no-one gets hurt.'Mr Bell lives alone after the death of his wife Heather a few years ago. The neighbour did not know what he did for a living after leaving the Army.After the Cenotaph incident, Mr Bell said that he wanted to highlight how climate change could cause more wars in the future.He said: 'I took action today knowing that I would be criticised. I knew that I would be accused of being disrespectful and hated by many for speaking out in this way.'Remembrance Day is never an easy time for veterans and this was not an easy decision for me to make. But I served this country, I served the people of this country and the action I took today is about just that.'Unchecked climate change means a return to a world at war. I cannot stand by and let that happen. It is my duty to act.'This government's own climate advisors, the committee on climate change, said last year that they have a 'Dad's Army' approach to protecting British people from the impacts of climate change.'Their report in June this year showed that the government has failed to meet all but two of the 31 milestones it set itself for reducing emissions.'This government is criminally negligent and young people today will pay the price for their failure. I did four tours in Northern Ireland. I have been in conflict. I saw good friends – my comrades, who I served with – die.'Many of the people who attend the Remembrance Day Service have never seen the horrors of war. I hope they never have to.'However you feel about the action today, I want people to take this message – if we don't deal with this climate emergency, now, it will lead to war.'Ms White, who has 30 years experience as a health professional, said she had no regrets when quizzed about her actions today.In the centre of Cambridge, her home is an upmarket £600,000 maisonette in a private road within walking distance of the rail station.A man who poked his head out of the first floor window told journalists 'It's nothing to do with me,' -- then threatened to call the police.Ms White said of the protest today: 'Our action today was respectful to those who have lost their lives in past conflicts and aiming to prevent further loss of life in the future.'She compared the climate change emergency as similar to being called to save a patient's life while on duty.She added: 'This is important to me as a nurse because it's my job to promote health and save lives and climate change is already causing deaths all around the world. Many of these are a result of conflict over land, food and resources.'Climate change is causing wars. By neglecting to recognise that climate change is already causing conflict, we are dishonouring the lives of the soldiers and civilians who lost their lives for the future of humanity in previous wars.'It's my professional responsibility to raise the alarm in a life threatening emergency and this is happening now. I hope to draw the public's attention to the fact that our own ministry of defence is preparing for conflict as a result of climate change.'Ms White was pictured on Extinction Rebellion Cambridge's Instagram feed, holding one of the group's leaflets titled: 'Power in Truth.'The picture caption added: 'My name is Annie, I'm a Buddhist, a nurse in the NHS with over 30 years service and a mother to my son and daughter.'The post continued: 'I have campaigned about climate change for many years but have seen very few positive changes.'As a nurse, I am acutely aware of the worsening health effects of climate heating so when Extinction Rebellion started up I chose to join because I believe that non-violent direct action is the only way to raise the alarm about the climate and ecological emergency.'XR said in a post on its website after today's incident: 'The action aims to highlight the connection between rising global temperatures and an increase in the incidence of conflict and war.'Research commissioned by the Ministry of Defence published in June this year points to a ''growing recognition that climate change may aggravate existing threats to international peace and security''.'It added: 'The action today calls on the government to act to avert the increase in unrest, conflict and war anticipated by the Ministry of Defence report.'The Committee on Climate Change – which advises the government on emissions reduction and reports on their progress – revealed in June this year that the government had reached only two of it's 31 milestones and was on track with only four of the 21 indicators identified on the path to zero emissions.'The action makes the point that, in this context, speaking up about consequences of unchecked warning is an act of remembrance.' The three-strong protesters bow their heads during their demonstration at the Cenotaph todayA troop of the Household Cavalry pay their respects in the early morning at the CenotaphDefence Secretary Ben Wallace said: 'The centenary of the unveiling of the Cenotaph and the burial of the Unknown Warrior are a poignant reminder of the scale of loss suffered in the First World War and the continued importance of coming together as a nation to remember all those who have sacrificed their lives for this country'Elsewhere on Wednesday, more than 100 poppy wreaths will be placed on board early-morning train services heading to LondonWednesday also marks 100 years since the inauguration of the permanent version of Cenotaph memorial on Whitehall in central LondonMounted police officers pass the Cenotaph with wreaths on it in Whitehall, in central London, todayA troop of the Household Cavalry pay their respects in the early morning today at the CenotaphA large police presence around Parliament Square, Westminster on Armistice Day as the centenary of the Unknown Warrior was commemoratedVeterans pay their respects at the Cenotaph on Whitehall in remembrance to Britain's war dead in central LondonA large police presence was in Parliament Square today during the service, with two officers pictured here guarding the statue to Britain's greatest Prime Minister Sir Winston ChurchillThe XR protesters put up the banner and wreath without being challenged by police.It was in stark contrast to Remembrance Sunday when Scots Guard veteran bagpiper Mr Buckland, 47, a veteran from Romford, East London, was filmed being pushed to the ground when he marched at the police barricade guarding the Cenotaph.APRIL 1, 2019Around 12 protesters were arrested after undressing and gluing themselves to the glass in the House of Commons viewing gallery during a debate on Brexit. APRIL 15, 2019Thousands gathered in Oxford Circus, Marble Arch, Waterloo Bridge and the area around Parliament Square.Five activists, including XR co-founder Simon Bramwell, were arrested for criminal damage when they targeted Shell's headquarters, near Waterloo.APRIL 16, 2019On the second day of actions on Waterloo Bridge police started arresting people at 12.40 pm, but stopped a few hours later when the force ran out of holding cells.By the end of the day an estimated 500,000 people had been affected by the disruptions and 290 activists had been arrested in London.APRIL 17, 2019Two activists climbed onto the roof of a Docklands Light Railway train at Canary Wharf station whilst another glued himself to the side, spreading disruption to railway services. A large force of police marched on the camp at Parliament Square, arresting people and partially removing roadblocks before it was retaken later the same night by protesters.APRIL 18, 2019Some 428 people had been arrested at this point. APRIL 19, 2019A dozen teenagers, some aged 13 and 14, walked to the Healthrow access road holding a banner which read 'Are we the last generation?' They were surrounded by police.By late that evening 682 people had so far been arrested in London during the course of the demonstrations.APRIL 25, 2019London Stock Exchange is blockaded by protestors who glued themselved to the entrance while wearing LED signs.Four protesters climbed on to a Docklands Light Railway train at Canary Wharf.Activists gathered at Hyde Park to mark an end to the 11-day protest.JULY 13 - 14, 2019A weekend of protest in east London included a mass bike ride, traffic blockades and talks at London Fields.SEPTEMBER 14, 2019London Fashion Week was targetted with Victoria Beckham's show interupted by a swarm of demonstrators. SEPTEMBER 15, 2019200 people gathered for a 'funeral march' from a H&M in Trafalgar Square to a fashion week venue in The Strand.SEPTEMBER 21, 2019Tried to blockade the Port of Dover by marching on the A20. OCTOBER 3, 2019Fire engine was used to spray fake blood around HM Treasury in central London.OCTOBER 6, 2019Opening ceremony held at Marble Arch was attended by a thousand protesters.OCTOBER 7, 2019Thousands of people blocked central London with various demonstrations.DECEMBER 4, 2019Half a dozen activists dressed in yellow-and-black bee outfits held an action during the Liberal Democrats election campaign in Streatham, south London.DECEMBER 9, 2019Activists blockaded a central London road to demand the next government tackles air pollution in London. FEBRUARY 17, 2020Extinction Rebellion members of the University of Cambridge assembled to dig up a patch of lawn outside of Trinity College.He was seen stumbling backwards before falling to the ground and provoking uproar among other members of the public who were in front of the police line with him.But a separate video has since emerged showing the piper bragging, 'sometimes you have to sometimes create to get what you want' as he admits that 'I actually did it. I provoked them.'Met Police confirmed Mr Buckland, who has worked in security and runs an anti-poaching unit, was arrested on suspicion of common assault on an emergency worker.XR's latest stunt came as homes across the UK fell silent in remembrance of the nation's war dead on Armistice Day, as the coronavirus pandemic limits public commemorations.People were encouraged to pause on their doorsteps or by windows for the traditional two minutes silence at 11am on Wednesday.Covid-19 related-restrictions on gatherings and travel have disrupted remembrance events this year, forcing last weekend's Remembrance Sunday service at the Cenotaph to be scaled back.XR was met with fury among veterans and online as social media users branded the group 'truly shameful'.The PM's spokesman said: 'The Cenotaph is a memorial to those who fought and died to preserve all our freedoms.'On today, of all days, when we join together to pay tribute to our war dead, this action was profoundly disrespectful.'Asked whether officers should have prevented the stunt, the spokesman said: 'These are operational matters for the police.'A spokesman for The Royal British Legion told MailOnline: 'War memorials and graves honour the memory of every member of the Armed Forces who has made the ultimate sacrifice and deserve to be treated with the utmost respect.'The Armed Forces community, past and present, have made sacrifices in defence of the freedoms we have today, including the freedom of speech.'Whilst we respect the right of others to express their opinions within the law, we believe the Poppy Appeal is a time for Remembrance, and not for political protest.'Armistice Day is a poignant time when millions of people choose to reflect on the human cost of conflict and recognise the service and sacrifice of every member of the Armed Forces, and today in particular we mark 100 years since the return of The Unknown Warrior and all that this act of Remembrance symbolises.'Veterans Minister Johnny Mercer tweeted: 'Climate change matters, but the Cenotaph on Armistice day should be about one thing only - showing our respect for the sacrifice of the fallen who died to protect our freedoms today.'A spokesman for Sir Keir said: 'Today is Armistice Day when the whole country is remembering the sacrifices of those men and women who have fought for our freedoms.'No one can doubt how serious the climate emergency is.'But the protests at the cenotaph are wrong, they're in bad taste and we do not support them.'Victoria Cross holder Johnson Beharry told the Sun: 'Today of all days? It is the 11th of the 11th. It is Remembrance Day. They are really disrespecting our fallen.'If we hadn't sacrificed our lives they would not be able to go and protest today. They should remember that.'Trevor Coult was awarded a Military Cross for his actions during a complex ambush involving a suicide bomber and a machine gun position in Baghdad.The veteran, who was a section Commander during the Iraq invasion 2003 and was  deployed four times to Afghanistan, told MailOnline: 'The police are under pressure but I think part of the problem is they are not treating everyone the same.'I speak to quite a few people about this... but the Met Police have lost their way. The Met do not have the support of the veterans anymore. It is quite sad it's happened because they are usually behind the police.'The former squaddie, who was involved in 178 engagements with enemy forces during his time on the front line and survived three IED explosions, added: 'The vets get treated as second class citizens compared to BLM and Extinction Rebellion.'MP Tobias Ellwood, who served with Royal Green Jackets told the Telegraph: 'They will alienate the very people they want to persuade by choosing to target the Cenotaph on today of all days.'While many will support their cause, their tactics deployed here could easily backfire, which is a shame, given it is something that all nations including Britain will turn their attention to with us hosting COP26 [the climate forum].'The importance of what the Cenotaph stands for is that pivotal and iconic representation of the sacrifice that has been given for the freedoms we enjoy today.'Brexit campaigner Darren Grimes wrote: 'Truly shameful: Extinction Rebellion have placed a 'climate change means war' wreath upon the Cenotaph.'These privileged prats seem to be doing all they can to turn public opinion against them.'Another person wrote: 'Truly shameful: Extinction Rebellion have placed a 'climate change means war' wreath upon the Cenotaph.'These privileged prats seem to be doing all they can to turn public opinion against them.'Another added: 'There is a place and a time....and THIS ISN'T IT.'Were it not for those who fought & died....these self righteous 'woke' extinction rebellion lot wouldn't even see light or day!'IT'S THAT SIMPLE! Hence....'NO RESPECT'.'One man commented: 'Extinction Rebellion really know how to lose support for their cause.'Their members are now designated to the rank of scum. They need a new PR representative.'Twitter user Jake Wright posted: 'I bet London police will do nothing at all about the disgusting behaviour extinction rebellion are doing today with there protest at the cenotaph in London, London protests.'One woman put: 'Extinction Rebellion activists hijack the Cenotaph on Remembrance Day in climate change protest. Are you serious. No Remembrance Day for the rest of us but this is allowed?? You disgust me, shame on you.'Another said: 'Can't believe that bourgeois Extinction Rebellion group hung this 'Climate Change is War' banner on the Cenotaph on Remembrance Day. No respect at all. They should be ashamed.'One account commented: 'Cowardly Scum. Extinction Rebellion activists hijack the Cenotaph on Remembrance Day in climate change protest.'Another said online: 'Can you think of more insult to the nation & to the sacrifices of the dead than the action by those spoilt brats?))Extinction Rebellion activists hijack the Cenotaph on Remembrance Day in climate change protest.'Brian Higginson added: 'Truly shameful: Extinction Rebellion have placed a 'climate change means war' wreath upon the Cenotaph. Pure scum.'The Metropolitan Police said: 'The MPS are aware of a protest at the Cenotaph on Whitehall which occurred at approximately 8am on 11 November. During this, a banner was put up by demonstrators.'This banner was removed by officers as soon as they became aware of it, within approximately half an hour of it being erected.'Officers are investigating any breaches of the regulations designed to prevent further spread of Coronavirus. A policing plan is in place throughout London for events to mark Armistice Day.'Veterans were reduced to spending Armistice Day at home today due to coronavirus restrictions across the country.An invitation-only service due to be held at London's Westminster Abbey on Wednesday marked the centenary of the burial of the Unknown Warrior.Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall were among a slimmed-down congregation at the Abbey this morning, where they marked the 100th anniversary of the burial of the Unknown Warrior on Armistice Day.Prime Minister Boris Johnson and Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer were also seen arriving at the service before the country fell silent at 11am to pay their respects to Britain's war dead.The Household Cavalry had earlier paid their respects to the fallen at the Cenotaph. Because of the threat posed by Covid-19, Britons were encouraged to pause on their doorsteps to observe the traditional two-minute silence.The restrictions on gatherings and travel have disrupted remembrance events this year, forcing last weekend's Remembrance Sunday service at the Cenotaph to be scaled back.Today's televised service is being held to commemorate the funeral of an unknown British serviceman whose body was brought back from Northern France.Laurence Binyon's poem 'For the Fallen', which was first published in 1914, remembers soldiers who lost their lives in the First World War and includes the much-quoted line, 'They shall not grow old as we that are left grow old.'  The Prime Minister and Prince Charles were among those pictured arriving at Westminster Abbey this morning to observe a two-minute silence as Britain marked Armistice DayVeterans observe a two-minute silence in front of a commemorative war mural in Redcar, North Yorkshire, to remember the war dead on Armistice DaySoldiers from the Yorkshire Regiment observe a two-minute silence to mark Remembrance Day at Liverpool Exhibition CentreVeterans and members of the public mark a two-minute silence at 11am for Armistice Day, at the War Memorial in Manchester's St Peter's SquareHomes across the UK will fall silent in remembrance of the nation's war dead on Armistice Day, as the coronavirus pandemic limits public commemorations. An invitation-only service due to be held at London's Westminster Abbey on Wednesday will mark the centenary of the burial of the Unknown Warrior. Pictured: Laurel is arranged around the warrior's tomb ahead of today's serviceThe Unknown Warrior was buried at the west end of the abbey's nave on November 11 1920 to represent all those who lost their lives in the First World War but whose place of death was unknown or body never found.The First World War killed around 745,000 British soldiers, around 12 per cent of those who enlisted.The Daily Mail's 1920 coverage of the day of the Unknown Warrior's burial describes how King George V first unveiled the Cenotaph in Whitehall and 'placed a wreath on it'.The coverage adds that the 'ritual was 'thrilling in its solemnity.' The laying to rest of the soldier was 'the fist time in history that such homage had been rendered to the humble fighting man.' It then continues, 'and none present at the ceremony will ever forget its mingled note of sorrow and triumph' and describes how 'thousands of bereaved mothers and wives' lined the route to the Abbey. The grave was inspired by Reverend David Railton who served as a chaplain on the Western Front during the First World War.During that time he saw a grave marked by a rough cross which bore a note reading, 'An Unknown British Soldier'. He then proposed to the Dean of Westminster, Robert Ryle, that a memorial be created to the fallen who had no known grave.His idea was supported by King George V and the then Prime Minister David Lloyd George.  The inscription on the warrior's tomb reads:'Beneath this stone rests the body Of a British warrior Unknown by name or rank Brought from France to lie among The most illustrious of the land And buried here on Armistice Day 11 Nov: 1920, in the presence of His Majesty King George V His Ministers of State The Chiefs of his forces And a vast concourse of the nation Thus are commemorated the many Multitudes who during the Great War of 1914 – 1918 gave the most that Man can give life itself For God For King and country For loved ones home and empire Victoria Cross recipient Johnson Beharry arrives at Westminster Abbey in London, to attend a service to mark Armistice Day and the centenary of the burial of the unknown warriorUnited States Ambassador to the United Kingdom Woody Johnson arrives at the Abbey for today's serviceEach year the two minutes Armistice Day silence marks the end of the First World War, after an agreement between Germany and the Allies took effect at the '11th hour of the 11th day of the 11th month' of 1918. Pictured: King George V (shown front), arriving for the burial ceremony of the Unknown WarriorFor the sacred cause of justice and The freedom of the world They buried him among the kings because he Had done good toward God and toward His house.' Each year the two minutes Armistice Day silence marks the end of that four-year conflict, after an agreement between Germany and the Allies took effect at the '11th hour of the 11th day of the 11th month' of 1918.The service and silence is being broadcast live on BBC One from 10:30am and will be lead by the Dean of Westminster, The Very Reverend Dr David Hoyle. It will also feature an address from the Archbishop of Canterbury, The Most Reverend and Rt Hon Justin Welby.Chief of the defence staff, the professional head of the armed forces, General Sir Nick Carter said: 'The burial one hundred years ago of the Unknown Warrior was a seminal moment for the British people.'To many of those who stood in silence or who made the pilgrimage to Westminster, he was not unknown at all.'His very anonymity meant that he was the father, husband, son or brother who never came home from the war.Floral tributes were pictured being arranged around the warrior's grave on Tuesday ahead of Wednesday's solemn serviceThe inscription on the warrior's grave reads: 'Beneath this stone rests the body Of a British warrior Unknown by name or rank Brought from France to lie among The most illustrious of the land And buried here on Armistice Day 11 Nov: 1920, in the presence of His Majesty King George V His Ministers of State The Chiefs of his forces And a vast concourse of the nation Thus are commemorated the many Multitudes who during the Great War of 1914 – 1918 gave the most that Man can give life itself For God For King and country For loved ones home and empire For the sacred cause of justice and The freedom of the world They buried him among the kings because he Had done good toward God and toward His housePoet Laureate Simon Armitage has written a moving tribute to mark the 100th anniversary of the burial of the Unknown Warrior. He will read the poem at today's service 'Today the Tomb of the Unknown Warrior reminds us all that war has a cost and that we should never forget those who sacrificed their lives for our free and open way of life.'The Queen's wedding bouquet of orchids laying on The Tomb of the Unknown Warrior in November 1947The Grave of the Unknown Warrior was inspired by the Reverend David Railton, who, while serving as a chaplain on the Western Front during the First World War, saw a grave marked by a rough cross and a pencil-written note saying: 'An Unknown British Soldier.'After that devastating conflict, he wrote to the then Dean of Westminster, Herbert Ryle, with a proposal for a memorial to the fallen with no known grave to lie among the kings and national heroes in the Abbey. His idea drew support from King George V and the Prime Minister David Lloyd George.The body was chosen from four unknown British servicemen who had been exhumed from four battle areas and transported back to Britain.On November 11, 1920, the coffin was draped with a Union Flag and taken on a gun carriage to the Cenotaph (from the Greek 'kenos' and 'taphos', meaning empty tomb), where the Queen's grandfather, George V, placed a wreath upon it.The King, who was there with his son, the future King George VI, watched as the warrior was buried at the Abbey and he dropped a handful of earth from France on to his coffin. It was then topped with an engraved tombstone in black Belgian marble.Wednesday also marks 100 years since the inauguration of the permanent version of Cenotaph memorial on Whitehall in central London.Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said: 'The centenary of the unveiling of the Cenotaph and the burial of the Unknown Warrior are a poignant reminder of the scale of loss suffered in the First World War and the continued importance of coming together as a nation to remember all those who have sacrificed their lives for this country.'Elsewhere on Wednesday, more than 100 poppy wreaths will be placed on board early-morning train services heading to London.Great Western Railway has joined forces with military charities, local authorities and military bases for the 'Poppies to Paddington' operation which will involve nine train services and more than 60 stations on its network.On arrival to Paddington station, the wreaths will be placed at its war memorial on platform one in time for 11am.Towards the end of the day, people are also being encouraged to look to the night sky from their homes in another collective moment of remembrance.The Commonwealth War Graves Commission (CWGC), which cares for war memorials and cemeteries around the world, is calling on the public to take a moment to look up at the stars at 7pm.CWGC has launched a free online tool on its website allowing people to 'name a star' in tribute to someone who died or served during the two world wars.Powerful searchlights will also be shone into the night sky at 7pm as a symbolic lights of remembrance beamed from the CWGC's Plymouth Naval Memorial, the Brookwood Military Cemetery in Surrey, as well as war grave plots at Cardiff Cathays Cemetery and Edinburgh Rosebank Cemetery.To mark Armistice Day, more than 130 war memorials honouring fallen soldiers are being given listed status. The Department for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport has added 132 memorials to the National Heritage List on the advice of Historic England.Among the memorials is one marking 25 local men in Basingstoke, including two brothers who died on the same day.Another on the Isle of Wight was raised in memory of the air raid wardens and ambulance workers who worked to protect the island during the Second World War. Wednesday's service comes after the Queen, Prince Charles and Prime Minister Boris Johnson led politicians and royals who paid their respects to Britain's war dead at the Cenotaph on Sunday. Strict social distancing was in place to allow the ceremony to go ahead as the country remains under a blanket second lockdown amid a second wave of coronavirus.   Millions of people across the UK instead privately paid their respects from home, while others did head to their local war memorials for socially-distanced ceremonies.Eric Howden BEM, 76, chairman of the Redcar British Legion who served with the Royal Ordnance Corps, in front of a commemorative war mural in Redcar, North Yorkshire, ahead of Wednesday's two-minute silenceOn Tuesday, florists were hard at work to ensure the Unknown Warrior's tomb was adorned with flowers ahead of today's serviceThe solemn burial ceremony was held two years after the Armistice was signed in 1918. Members of the public were able to file past the tombThe Unknown Warrior's coffin resting in Westminster Abbey, in London, before the burial ceremonyThe Daily Mail's coverage the day after the Unknown Warrior's burial described how 'thousands of bereaved mothers and wives' lined the tomb's route to Westminster AbbeyWith proud thanksgiving, a mother for her children,England mourns for her dead across the sea.Flesh of her flesh they were, spirit of her spirit,Fallen in the cause of the free.Solemn the drums thrill; Death august and royalSings sorrow up into immortal spheres,There is music in the midst of desolationAnd a glory that shines upon our tears.They went with songs to the battle, they were young,Straight of limb, true of eye, steady and aglow.They were staunch to the end against odds uncounted;They fell with their faces to the foe.They shall grow not old, as we that are left grow old:Age shall not weary them, nor the years condemn.At the going down of the sun and in the morningWe will remember them.They mingle not with their laughing comrades again;They sit no more at familiar tables of home;They have no lot in our labour of the day-time;They sleep beyond England's foam.But where our desires are and our hopes profound,Felt as a well-spring that is hidden from sight,To the innermost heart of their own land they are knownAs the stars are known to the Night;As the stars that shall be bright when we are dust,Moving in marches upon the heavenly plain;As the stars that are starry in the time of our darkness,To the end, to the end, they remain. At the Cenotaph, around 10,000 veterans would normally pay their respects, but this year there were just 26 because of the risks presented by Covid-19.  As well as Mr Johnson and Labour leader Sir Keir, former Prime Ministers David Cameron, Tony Blair and Theresa May, Chancellor Rishi Sunak, Home Secretary Priti Patel and Liberal Democrat leader Sir Ed Davey were among the politicians in attendance.As the clock struck 11am, Mr Johnson, Prince Charles, Prince William and other members of Britain's elite marked the two-minute silence before laying their wreaths.The Queen watched on from the royal box at the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office as Prince Charles laid a wreath on her behalf.The Duchess of Cambridge, Prince Edward and his wife the Countess of Wessex, along with Princess Anne, the Princess Royale, were also in attendance. Last week, the Queen made an unannounced visit to Westminster Abbey to commemorate the the centenary of the burial of the Unknown Warrior   According to the Court Circular, she was greeted by the Dean of Westminster Abbey, The Very Reverend David Hoyle. The monarch looked sombre in a black ensemble, typically only worn while in mourning, attending a funeral, or for Remembrance Day and Remembrance Sunday services. The Court Circular for November 4 read: 'The Queen this morning commemorated the Centenary of the burial of the Unknown Warrior at Westminster Abbey, London SW1, and was received at the Great West Door by the Dean of Westminster (the Very Reverend Dr David Hoyle).' The Queen has carried out only a handful of engagements since March and is expected to keep a low profile over the next month as she and the Duke of Edinburgh, 99, spend lockdown together at Windsor Castle.  The Duchess of Cornwall also carried out an engagement at Westminster Abbey before the Queen, standing in for Prince Harry to visit the Field of Remembrance.She then stood in front of crosses from the Graves of the Unknown as the Dean offered prayers, before solemnly laying her own cross of remembrance and bowing her head in reflection.A bugler played the Last Post, followed by a two-minute silence, and then Exhortation to Remembrance, as Big Ben chimed at 2pm.Afterwards the duchess toured the 308 plots filled with more than 60,000 crosses and symbols of all faiths, laid by staff and volunteers, with Surgeon Rear Admiral Lionel Jarvis, President of The Poppy Factory.Remembrance Sunday services, which are traditionally part of communal worship, cannot go ahead as planned on November 8 due to lockdown restrictions.However, rather than being banned entirely the Government has set out a series of guidelines for local authorities and faith leaders hoping to hold the services.Last month XR were blasted for going to Sir David Attenborough's home before being turned away by his daughter who said they were shielding from Covid-19.Premier Gladys Berejiklian announces new face mask rule for NSWTwo Australian surf star siblings rescue woman in pounding surfPlane deboards because MAGA hat-wearing women won't wear masksPreviously dormant Caribbean island volcano eruptsMark Latham slams changes to the National Anthem's lyricsFamily celebrate New Year's Eve with a Dan Andrews themed partyGladys Berijiklian gives COVID updates as three new cases emergeHeroic dog saves blind 14-year-old pooch from drowning in poolTwo brothers and two sisters merge their nuptials due to pandemicAustralia welcomes New Year 2021 with grandiose fireworks'Scaled back' firework display takes place in Sydney to see in 2021What color is this?? Sweater changes from purple to grayEco-warriors delivered a letter and 'gifts' including an olive tree to the naturalist's home in Richmond last month after he warned protesters not to break the lawExtinction Rebellion protestors block access of a printing house in Broxbourne, Hertfordshire, leaving some newsagents' shelves empty in SeptemberThey delivered a 'starter pack on how to engage in civil disobedience' to his house in Richmond, west London, after he warned them not to break the law.They said the 94-year-old's influence and comments 'are contributing to the erasure of the voices and sacrifices of front-line earth protectors around the world'.The four women and two men said they hoped to drop off the delivery in person so it came across 'like a friend to a friend wanting to reach him where he lives'.But they were told by Sir David's daughter Susan he would not open the door amid the coronavirus pandemic.  In September protesters blockaded printworks for national newspapers, with one of the demonstrators claiming the British media was worse than the Nazis.More than 100 protesters targeted Newsprinters printing works at Broxbourne, Hertfordshire, and Knowsley, near Liverpool, blocking newspapers from leaving.Donnachadh McCarthy, 61, emerged as one of the leading figures in the group, and justified the attack by saying: 'This is like World War Two and you guys [the newspapers] are on the other side. That is how we see it.'It puts you on the side of the existential threat. It is a different existential threat but it is a bigger one than the Nazis.'   'Extinction Rebellion is an international movement that uses non-violent civil disobedience in an attempt to halt mass extinction and the risk of social collapse,' according to its website's 'about' page.The environmentalist protest group held its first demonstration in Parliament Square on October 31, 2018.The worldwide group want to change the structure of power to take authority away from central governments. Its website reads: 'We understand that we must self-organise to meet our own needs, which in the context of Extinction Rebellion means that we are working to equalise power by disrupting the usual pillars of power that govern our lives.'The environmentalist protest group held its first demonstration in Parliament Square on October 31, 2018Since 2018 members of the group have gathered at London Fashion Week, the House of Commons and various other locations around central London.On the morning of Wednesday, April 17, 2019, two activists climbed onto the roof of a Docklands Light Railway train at Canary Wharf station whilst another glued himself to the side, spreading disruption to railway services.The following day the three activists were charged with obstructing trains. After pleading not guilty they were sent to jail for four weeks, with no bail, whilst awaiting their next hearing.
438	3	"Mountaineering in some parts of the world is becoming riskier because of climate change, climbing experts and scientists warn.They say warming in the Alps has thinned ice and snow cover, resulting into frequent rock-falls and landslides.Their concerns were voiced at a meeting of the International Climbing and Mountaineering Federation this week.Melting glaciers have also added challenges for mountaineers.Climbing routes have either had to be abandoned or changed because of the increased risks.In some places, climbing seasons have had to be brought forward.A study of mountaineering plans for climbers in the Mont Blanc massif showed numerous changes. Almost all climbing ""itineraries"" for the region had been affected since the 1970s and a few routes no longer existed.In the journal Arctic, Antarctic and Alpine Research, Jacques Mourey from the University of Grenoble Alpes and colleagues wrote: ""Moreover, periods during which these itineraries can be climbed in good conditions in summer have tended to become less predictable and periods of optimal conditions have shifted toward spring and fall, because the itineraries have become more dangerous and technically more challenging.""A 2017 study of several summits in the Mont Blanc massif by a French team showed significant degradation of permafrost between 1850 and 2015.This led to the slopes becoming unstable, causing rockfalls.Findings from a study in the Austrian Alps have been similar.""Many of these routes have become extremely dangerous,"" Florian Ritter, from the University of Natural Resources and Life Sciences in Vienna, and colleagues wrote recently in the journal BioOne Complete.""Numerous classical ice climbs in the Eastern Alps have become heavily affected by rockfall and falling stones, as well due to rocks melting out at the ice margins... during late summer and autumn.""The Austrian research also pointed to other factors. ""While the described processes related to global warming might increase the potential, events are generally triggered by other processes that are less linked to global warming, such as extreme rain events,"" it said.Analysis of guidebooks written for those climbing in the Bernese Alps, Switzerland, confirms the changes.""In the climbing guides, multiple generations of climbers noted the climbing dangers for whole mountain ranges,"" said co-author Arnaud Tremme, a geographer with Wageningen University in the Netherlands.""The oldest guide out of the dozens of guides used in the research was written 146 years ago, this allowed us to record the changes for a longer period and link these with climate change.""For the past 10 years, a network of wireless sensors on Mount Matterhorn in the Alps has been streaming data on the condition of steep rock faces, permafrost and prevailing climate.""Based on the data we have received, we see that the rate of change is quite fast,"" said Jan Beutel, a Zurich-based researcher, who leads the monitoring project.""As a result, some of the places can't be visited anymore.""A study on Aoraki Mount Cook in New Zealand also highlighted difficulties for climbers.Climbers here have to navigate the Tasman Glacier, but this is now becoming more difficult because it's melting.""One of the interesting results of our study was the spatial variability associated with climate change - the impacts are greater at lower elevations, but much higher on the mountains. Because of the large seasonal snowfall, the effects are somewhat buffered,"" Heather Purdie, one of the authors of a study on the mountain told the BBC.Mountain guides say routes are now becoming more challenging and they have had to adapt.""Rockfalls are becoming the biggest challenge,"" says Christian Trommsdorff, president of the International Federation of Mountain Guides Associations.""Although impacts of the changing climate differ; on some mountains they are massive, while on others they are not.""Professional mountaineers in the US say some peaks in the Pacific Northwest that still have glaciated terrain have become increasingly hazardous. In some cases, it is no longer possible for mountaineers to climb them.""The combination of crevasses becoming un-crossable, overhead icefall hazard increasing and rockfall events occurring regularly has made many classic routes more dangerous and less predictable,"" said Angela Hawse, president of the American Mountain Guides Association.   Although few studies along these lines have been conducted in the Himalayas, mountain guides in the region say climbing is becoming riskier.They say wearing crampons on thin ice and exposed rocks is particularly dangerous.""It becomes like wearing (ladies') high heels on a marble surface,"" says Tshering Pande Bhote, vice president with the Nepal Mountain Guides Association.""When there is enough snow and ice, the crampons get their grip but now that is becoming less and less available.""Nepalese mountain guides say that widening crevasses are also becoming a threat.""We have noticed that the gaping of crevasses, mainly underneath the surface, are increasing and it appears that is happening because of accelerated melting,"" said Mr Bhote.A number of studies in the Himalayas, mainly in the Everest region, have shown that glaciers there are fast retreating.The Khumbu glacier, that Everest climbers must cross before their ascent, has seen several ponds forming on it and joining up because of its rapid melt.The annual meeting of the International Federation of Climbing and Mountaineering in Cyprus will also be discussing how to operate in the changing circumstances.Mr Trommsdorff agreed that the changing nature of different routes needed to be included in training mountain guides.""We are starting to do something in this regard but we need more of research and development support,"" he said.""But we also adapt very well to such changes."""
409	3	"Newlight Technologies hopes to speed up that process with a biodegradable material that can be molded like plastic. The California-based company has spent more than a decade developing a material it calls AirCarbon, which it says functions exactly like plastic but is completely biodegradable.Newlight developed the material using microorganisms found in the ocean that feed on methane and carbon dioxide — two greenhouse gases among the biggest contributors to climate change. The organisms turn those gasses into a natural polymer that can be shaped or molded just like plastic. ""We call that AirCarbon because it's air and carbon dissolved in water,"" CEO Mark Herrema told CNN's Rachel Crane. ""We have this pure white powder that we can then melt and form in all kinds of parts and pieces.""The company's new production facility in Huntington Beach is filled with large saltwater tanks that recreate ocean conditions, allowing the organisms to replicate the process of making the polymer from which AirCarbon can be extracted. Food and fashionNewlight recently began rolling out its first set of products made from the material, launching two retail brands aimed at two of the world's most polluting industries. Its foodware brand, Restore, sells biodegradable straws and cutlery, while its fashion brand Covalent sells handbags, wallets and sunglasses. And because the process of developing AirCarbon uses gasses from the atmosphere, the products are carbon negative, meaning they take out more pollutants than they use. Newlight has received carbon negative certifications for its products from independent third parties, including the UK-based Carbon Trust and environmental certification firm SCS Global Services. It has also been recognized for environmentally friendly innovations by US regulators such as the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the Food and Drug Administration (FDA). Newlight is also trying to let customers know exactly how much carbon the product they just bought is eliminating. The company has partnered with IBM to use its blockchain technology to track every step of the manufacturing process and its carbon footprint. ""Most people want to do something good, right? And the problem has been a lack of information,"" Herrema said. ""When you go up and you look at buying that t-shirt, you don't know that there's 700 liters of water that was used just to make that t-shirt. If you knew that this one was 700 liters and this one was seven, that may impact your decision making. So we want to do the same thing on the carbon side.""Scaling upNewlight's biggest challenge will likely be scaling up production fast enough to keep prices down. Its current product offerings range from a cutlery set for $6.99 to a handbag for $520 — a little costlier than some traditional equivalents currently available on the market.The company has just the one facility, which makes enough AirCarbon products to remove the equivalent of 100 million pounds of carbon dioxide per year — which Herrema says is roughly equivalent to taking 6,000 cars off the road. But his goal is to build more facilities as quickly as possible and eventually increase that number to 20 billion pounds, which he says is how much plastic ends up in the ocean each year. ""If you really want to have a massive impact on the environment, you have to focus on performance and you have to focus on price and you have to focus on scalability,"" he said. ""Otherwise, it's just a good idea, and that's not good enough.""The retail brands are only a small part of Newlight's strategy. Replacing virtually all the plastic in the world will involve getting the multinational companies that use it to sign on. Herrema says the company is in talks to partner with other brands.""What we hear from brands is: 'Hey, if there's a solution, we want to adopt it,' because they want to get rid of plastics as badly as anybody else,"" he added.Correction: A previous version of this story misstated AirCarbon's characteristics. It biodegrades in the ocean."
52	3	"What a new report on theology and global warming means for public policySnowmageddon, snowpocalypse, snowzilla, just snow. Superstorm Sandy, receding shorelines, and more. Hurricanes Isaac, Ivan, and Irene, with cousins Rammasun, Bopha, and Haiyan.The parade of geological changes and extreme weather events around the world since 2011 has been stunning. Perhaps that's part of why, as the Public Religion Research Institute reported on Friday, ""The number of Americans who believethat natural disasters are evidence of the apocalypse has increased somewhat over the past couple years.""As of 2014, it's estimated that nearly half of Americans—49 percent—say natural disasters are a sign of ""the end times,"" as described in the Bible. That's up from an estimated 44 percent in 2011.This belief is more prevalent in some religious communities than others. White evangelical Protestants, for example, are more likely than any other group to believe that natural disasters are a sign of the end times, and they're least likely to assign some of the blame to climate change (participants were allowed to select both options if they wanted). Black Protestants were close behind white evangelicals in terms of apprehending the apocalypse, but they were also the group most likely to believe in climate change, too. Predictably, the religiously unaffiliated were the least likely to believe superstorms are apocalyptic—but even so, a third of that group said they see signs of the end times in the weather.Americans' Explanations for Recent Natural Disasters, by Religious AffiliationThis is an interesting study in how religious beliefs affect thinking on science and current events, but it also may have implications for how people view public policy and their responsibility for the natural world. If God will intercede to stop humans from destroying the earth—which 39 percent of respondents believed to be true—why legislate limits on carbon emissions? Or, for that matter, why drive less, or eat fewer steaks, or change any behavior that affects the environment?Plus, a large portion of Americans don't think humans are responsible for changes in the earth's temperature or weather, whether or not they think God's involved. A majority of respondents said they either don't believe the earth's temperature is rising, or they believe it but think it's happening for a reason other than human activity. Less than a third of respondents said they are ""very concerned"" about climate change, and half said they're ""somewhat unconcerned"" or ""unconcerned."" A 2014 survey by Pew Research Center yielded slightly different results: In it, 61 percent of Americans agreed that the earth's temperature is rising, and of that group, 40 percent attributed the warming to human activity.But in general, this just isn't an topic Americans seem to prioritize. In the new PRRI survey, participants rated climate change as less important than many other issues, including unemployment, income inequality, healthcare, the deficit, immigration, and education reform.To be fair, people's views on the existence and importance of climate change aren't the same as their views on environmentalism, and this is reflected across the religious communities that were included in the survey. Significant majorities of Jews, mainline Protestants, white and Hispanic Catholics, and the religiously unaffiliated agreed that God expects people to care for animals, plants, and the planet. But 43 percent of black Protestants and 46 percent of white evangelicals said the opposite: The earth, they say, was made for the use of humankind.Stewardship of the earth is a complex topic, theologically. The Bible has many beautiful passages on the wonders of creation, from the Psalms to the Book of Job. But even at the very beginning of Genesis, other passages stand in tension with the idea that humans should shape their civilizations with a concern for the environment. “Be fruitful and multiply,"" it reads. ""Fill the earth and subdue it and have dominion over the fish of the sea and over the birds of the heavens and over every living thing that moves on the earth.” This could be interpreted to mean that humans should be able to use the earth's resources limitlessly—or that ""dominion"" comes with the responsibility of stewardship. Either reading might theoretically shape the way someone things about climate change.If someone sees humans as the natural rulers of the earth, it makes sense that he or she wouldn't prioritize renewable energy production or environmentally friendly oil drilling. But maybe some evangelicals and others who see signs of the end times just believe that today's events have already been written:The nations were angry; and your wrath has come. The time has come for judging the dead, and for rewarding your servants the prophets and your saints and those who reverence your name, both small and great—and for destroying those who destroy the earth."
599	5	"Focus: Global Warming and Climate Change causes and effects. Video / AP / NASAEvery aspect of our lives has been affected by the coronavirus. The global economy has slowed, people have retreated to their homes and thousands have died or become seriously ill.At this frightening stage of the crisis, it's difficult to focus on anything else. But as the International Agency has said, the effects of coronavirus are likely to be temporary but the other global emergency – climate change – is not.Stopping the spread of coronavirus is paramount, but climate action must also continue. And we can draw many lessons and opportunities from the current health crisis when tackling planetary warming.S&P Global Ratings this week said measures to contain Covid-19 have pushed the global economy into recession.Economic analyst Lauri Myllyvirta estimates the pandemic may have reduced global emissions by 200 megatonnes of carbon dioxide to date, as air travel grinds to a halt, factories close down and energy demand falls.In the first four weeks of the pandemic, coal consumption in China alone fell by 36 per cent, and oil refining capacity reduced by 34 per cent.In many ways, what we're seeing now is a rapid and unplanned version of economic ""degrowth"" – the transition some academics and activists have for decades said is necessary to address climate change, and leave a habitable planet for future generations.Degrowth is a proposed slowing of growth in sectors that damage the environment, such as fossil fuel industries, until the economy operates within Earth's limits. It is a voluntary, planned and equitable transition in developed nations which necessarily involves an increased focus on the environment, human wellbeing, and capabilities (good health, decent work, education, and a safe and healthy environment).Such a transformation would be profound, and so far no nation has shown the will to implement it. It would require global economies to ""decouple"" from carbon to prevent climate-related crises. But the current unintended economic slowdown opens the door to such a transition, which would bring myriad benefits to the climate.The idea of sustainable degrowth is very different to a recession. It involves scaling back environmentally damaging sectors of the economy, and strengthening others.Climate change has been declared a global emergency, yet to date the world has largely failed to address it. In contrast, the global policy response to the coronavirus emergency has been fast and furious.There are several reasons for this dramatic difference. Climate change is a relatively slow-moving crisis, whereas coronavirus visibly escalates over days, even hours, increasing our perception of the risks involved. One thing that history teaches us about politics and the human condition in times of peril, we often take a ""crisis management"" approach to dealing with serious threats.As others have observed, the slow increase in global temperatures means humans can psychologically adjust as the situation worsens, making the problem seem less urgent and meaning people are less willing to accept drastic policy measures.The global response to the coronavirus crisis shows that governments can take immediate, radical emergency measures, which go beyond purely economic concerns, to protect the wellbeing of all.Specifically, there are practical lessons and opportunities we can take away from the coronavirus emergency as we seek to tackle climate change:Act early: The coronavirus pandemic shows the crucial importance of early action to prevent catastrophic consequences. Governments in Taiwan, South Korea and Singapore acted quickly to implement quarantine and screening measures, and have seen relatively small numbers of infections. Italy, on the other hand, whose government waited too long to act, is now the epicentre of the virus.Go slow, go local: Coronavirus has forced an immediate scale-down of how we travel and live. People are forging local connections, shopping locally, working from home and limiting consumption to what they need.Researchers have identified that fears about personal well-being represent a major barrier to political support for the degrowth movement to date. However with social distancing expected to be in place for months, our scaled-down lives may become the ""new normal"". Many people may realise that consumption and personal wellbeing are not inextricably linked.New economic thinking is needed. A transition to sustainable degrowth can help. We need to shift global attention from GDP as an indicator of wellbeing, towards other measures that put people and the environment first, such as New Zealand's well-being budget, Bhutan's gross national happiness index, or Ecuador's social philosophy of buen vivir (good living).Spend on clean energy: The International Energy Agency (IEA) says clean energy should be ""at the heart of stimulus plans to counter the coronavirus crisis"".The IEA has called on governments to launch sustainable stimulus packages focused on clean energy technologies. It says hydrogen and carbon-capture also need major investment to bring them to scale, which could be helped by the current low interest rates.Governments could also use coronavirus stimulus packages to reskill workers to service the new ""green"" economy, and address challenges in healthcare, sanitation, aged care, food security and education.As climate scientist Katharine Hayhoe said this month:What really matters is the same for all of us. It's the health and safety of our friends, our family, our loved ones, our communities, our cities and our country. That's what the coronavirus threatens, and that's exactly what climate change does, too.The coronavirus crisis is devastating, but failing to tackle climate change because of the pandemic only compounds the tragedy. Instead, we must draw on the lessons of coronavirus to address the climate challenge.The Conversation"
687	5	Canada is warming twice as fast as the rest of the world, a landmark government report has found, warning that drastic action is the only way to avoid catastrophic outcomes.“The science is clear – Canada’s climate is warming more rapidly than the global average, and this level of warming effectively cannot be changed,” Nancy Hamzawi, assistant deputy minister for science and technology at Environment and Climate Change Canada, told reporters on Monday.The report, released late on Monday by Environment and Climate Change Canada, paints a grim picture of Canada’s future, in which deadly heatwaves and heavy rainstorms become a common occurrence. Forty-three government scientists and academics authored the peer-reviewed report.While global temperatures have increased 0.8C since 1948, Canada has seen an increase of 1.7C – more than double the global average.And in the Arctic, the warming is happening at a much faster rate of 2.3C, the report says.While the increased warming in the Arctic is not yet fully understood, snow and ice play a critical role in reflecting the sun’s radiation and heat. But scientists say the retreat of glaciers and disappearing sea ice both contribute to a feedback loop of warming, which is one of the factors contributing to Canada’s disproportionate temperature increase.The report suggests the majority of warming felt in Canada and around the globe is the result of burning fossil fuels.Canada has already pledged to cut emissions by 200m tonnes by 2030 – a cornerstone of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau’s national climate strategy – largely through a federally mandated carbon tax and shuttering coal-fired plants.Despite the urgency of the report, Canada remains mired in a political battle over climate policy.Trudeau has pushed for a national carbon pricing strategy, and on Monday the federal government imposed the tax on four provinces that refuse to implement one. Conservative politicians have pledged to remove the tax if they win this fall’s general election, arguing that it is too much of a burden for Canadians.But under the current plan, households will receive rebate cheques from the federal government to offset any added expenses from the tax – meaning costs to the average consumer are negligible.The report makes clear that Canada faces markedly different outcomes, depending on the policies it chooses to reduce emissions.Under a scenario in which global emissions are dramatically reduced, average temperatures will rise only 3C across the country by 2100, including the Arctic region.But if countries – including Canada – fail to act aggressively, increases of 7-9 degrees are likely, and the Arctic faces the prospect of 11 degrees of warming.Under the report’s worst-case scenario, the risk of deadly heatwaves increases tenfold bring with it droughts and forest fires. Western Canada has already grappled with two years of record forest fire seasons. The risk of major rain events also doubles, meaning cities will be inundated with catastrophic urban flooding.Access to critical sources of fresh water will also be constrained, due in large part to reduced winter snowfall, which in turn becomes a source of clean water when the snowpack melts.Many of the previously documented effects – melting permafrost, disappearing sea ice and glacial retreat – are only set to intensify in the coming years.“We are already seeing the effects of widespread warming in Canada,” said Elizabeth Bush, a climate science adviser at Environment Canada, told reporters. “It’s clear, the science supports the fact that adapting to climate change is an imperative. Urgent action is needed to reduce emissions.”
879	2	"        Researchers from Princeton University and the University of California-Berkeley suggest that more human conflict is a likely outcome of climate change. The researchers found that even one standard-deviation shift -- the amount of change from the local norm -- in temperature and precipitation greatly increase the risk of personal violence and social upheaval. Climate-change models predict an average of 2 to 4 standard-deviation shifts in global climate conditions by 2050 (shown here with darker colors), with 4 representing the greatest change in normal conditions. (Science/AAA)WASHINGTON – Feeling hot under the collar? It may not be all in your head.A new study connects rising world temperatures with aggressive acts of violence and even war -- but experts in the causes of war gave the report a chilly reception.For the paper, researchers analyzed 60 studies on historic empire collapses, recent wars, violent crime rates in the United States, lab simulations that tested police decisions on when to shoot and even cases where pitchers threw deliberately at batters in baseball. They found a common thread over centuries: Extreme weather — very hot or dry — means more violence.The authors say the results show strong evidence that climate can promote conflict.[pullquote]""When the weather gets bad we tend to be more willing to hurt other people,"" said economist Solomon Hsiang of the University of California, Berkeley.He is the lead author of the study, published online Thursday by the journal Science. Experts in the causes of war gave it a mixed reception.Joshua Goldstein, a professor of international relations at American University and author of ""Winning the War on War,"" found faults with the way the study measured conflicts. He said the idea of connecting hotter tempers with hotter temperatures is only one factor in conflict, and that it runs counter to a long and large trend to less violence.""To read this you get the impression, if climate change unfolds as we all fear it will, that the world will be beset by violent conflict and that's probably not true,"" Goldstein said.In the paper, the team of economists came up with a formula that predicts how much the risk of different types of violence should increase with extreme weather. In war-torn parts of equatorial Africa, it says, every added degree Fahrenheit or so increases the chance of conflict between groups — rebellion, war, civil unrest — by 11 percent to 14 percent. For the United States, the formula says that for every increase of 5.4 degrees Fahrenheit, the likelihood of violent crime goes up 2 percent to 4 percent.Temperatures in much of North America and Eurasia are likely to go up by that 5.4 degrees by about 2065 because of increases in carbon dioxide pollution, according to a separate paper published in Science on Thursday -- although many scientists take issue with that conclusion as well.The same paper sees global averages increasing by about 3.6 degrees in the next half-century. So that implies essentially about 40 percent to 50 percent more chance for African wars than it would be without global warming, said Edward Miguel, another Berkeley economist and study co-author.When the U.N.'s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) updates its report next year on the impacts of global warming, it will address the issue of impacts on war for the first time, said Carnegie Institution scientist Chris Field, who heads that worldwide study group. The new study is likely to play a big role, he said.Hsiang said that whenever the analyzed studies looked at temperature and conflict, the link was clear, no matter where or when. His analysis examines about a dozen studies on collapses of empires or dynasties, about 15 studies on crime and aggression and more than 30 studies on wars, civil strife or intergroup conflicts.Goldstein noted a wide array of factors beyond climate that lead to the growth of war -- or cause hot heads to cool down.""Because of positive changes in technology, economics, politics and health"" conflict is likely to continue to drop, he said, although maybe not as much as it would without climate change.There's a good reason why people get more aggressive in warmer weather, said Ohio State University psychology professor Brad Bushman, who wasn't part of the study but whose work on crime and heat was analyzed by Hsiang. Although people say they feel sluggish when they are hot, their heart rate and other physical responses are aroused and elevated. They think they are not agitated, when in fact they are, and ""that's a recipe for disaster,"" Bushman said.Miguel acknowledges that many other factors play a role in conflict and said it's too soon to see whether conflict from warming will outweigh peace from prosperity: ""It's a race against time.""The Associated Press contributed to this report."
716	5	Climate Change Commission (CCC) chairman Dr Rod Carr admits he was a latecomer to the zero emissions debate. The former University of Canterbury vice chancellor knew very little about climate science policy before he took on the role, he said during a visit to Taranaki on Friday. My kids said: “where have you been in the past 30 years, this is knowable stuff you should have known.” One of the first things he did was to buy a Nissan Leaf for the family car. “We’re not big on expensive cars, but it seemed the logical thing to do.” READ MORE: * Get moving or pay the cost, says Climate Change Commission's advice to Government * The Climate Change Commission's model is under fire * National Portrait: Rod Carr, climate tsar  * 'Not transformational': climate commission's blueprint disappoints green activists  Carr's son “arm twisted” him into buying it. “He now drives it but he does park it at our place to charge it, because he has nowhere to charge it near his own place,” Carr said. The next step was to replace the fossil gas space heating in the family’s Christchurch house with a heat pump. “It’s brilliant, and a substantial improvement to having gas burning away.” The final alteration was to check out the cost of solar panels. “Fortunately we were among a third of New Zealand house owners who have a north facing roof.” The figures were laid out and the rate of return for spending $15,000 to instal the panels, with a seven-year payback period, came to 15 per cent. “That was better than the banks offering me one per cent on my term deposit.” Carr decided “to push the boat out” and instead installed $25,000 worth of panels over a nine-year pay back period. As a result of the adjustments the family has now halved the previous monthly electricity bill of $800, and saved $100 a month in gas, he said. While in Taranaki, Carr, with CCC scientist Phil Wiles, met oil and gas industry heads, regenerative farmers and local politicians, among others, during the two-day visit. The questioning from people was not unlike the questions Carr has received elsewhere, he said. “We got all the questions we normally get from well-connected audiences – asking us to explain why it is happening now, and why so fast. “Why does NZ, which is such a small part of what is happening, have to do anything, and what happens if we don’t? “They're not specifically Taranaki questions, they’re general questions the public have.” Many told Carr they were busy looking after themselves, they know climate is changing, and human activity is causing it, he said. “They know they should do something about it, but they are far more worried about getting the kids to school, paying the mortgage and buying a house. “They say ‘get back to me on this other stuff because I know it is important but not as urgent as living my daily life’.” Carr said owners of small, and medium-sized businesses gave the same response. “They say ‘How do I pay payroll next month – it’s dominating my life more than what the climate will be like in 30 years, and quite frankly, will I have a business by Christmas?’ “It is necessary for our leaders to lead, and help business and society to understand this [climate change] is not going away,” he said. “You might be able to outmanoeuvre local politicians for another couple of years but this is not going away. “It’s happening sooner, it’s bigger then we thought, we’ve got less time than we believed. “We need to get on and do this stuff and stop pursuing perfection as an extension as an excuse for delaying action.”
243	5	How long does the world have left to act before an irreversible climate emergency alters human existence as we know it? A new digital clock unveiled in Manhattan’s Union Square over the weekend promises to tell you — down to the very second.The Climate Clock unveiled by artists Gan Golan and Andrew Boyd warned at 1:30 p.m. Monday that there were 7 years, 101 days, 17 hours, 29 minutes and 22 seconds until Earth’s carbon budget is depleted, based on current emission rates. A total depletion would thrust the world into further turmoil and suffering through more flooding, more wildfires, worsening famine and extensive human displacement, according to the artists.The display, plastered onto the side of a glass building for Climate Week, shows two numbers. The first, displayed in red, is what the creators refer to as a “deadline.” The timer counts down how long it will take for the world to burn through its carbon budget if swift action isn’t taken to keep warming under 1.5 degrees Celsius above preindustrial levels.If Earth’s temperatures increase by 1.5 degrees Celsius, the planet will fall victim to extreme heat waves, fires, droughts and limited water availability, a 2019 NASA report on global climate change warns. Under the Paris agreement, more than 180 countries have pledged to work together to keep Earth’s temperature below a rise of two degrees Celsius (3.6 degrees Fahrenheit) — and if possible, 1.5 degrees. (President Trump announced in November that the United States was withdrawing from the climate accord.)The clock’s second figure, displayed in green, is labeled a “lifeline.” It tracks the percentage of available energy being supplied from renewable sources.“Simply put, we need to get our lifeline to 100% before our deadline reaches 0,” the clock’s official website notes.The installation, which was unveiled Saturday, replaces the astronomical clock that was first erected at Metronome, New York City’s public art wall that was constructed in 1999.The original 60-foot-wide monument at 1 Union Square South was designed by Kristin Jones and Andrew Ginzel, who wanted to explore “the relationship between the city and time,” according to the Public Art Fund website. The string of numbers known as “The Passage” showed how much time had passed since midnight and how much time was left until midnight.But the somewhat peculiar design, with its brickwork, bursts of smoke and perplexing LED display, sparked major confusion over the years, with many unsure as to what the numbers actually represented; some people falsely believed the digits were an indicator of national debt.For Golan and Boyd, the message behind the new numbers is simple: For Earth to survive, carbon emissions must be reduced — and time is running out.“Our planet has a deadline. But we can turn it into a lifeline,” Boyd told The Washington Post on Monday.Golan explained that the idea to create a Climate Clock was inspired by the birth of his first child a week before the United Nations’ Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) “released its devastating report on how little remaining time we had left to make progress on climate change, before the catastrophic effects became irreversible.”He added that the arrival of his daughter dramatically changed his view of the world:“What we did in the next few years would determine the world my daughter would live in, that all of us would live in, and I felt that timeline needed to be understood by everyone, everywhere.”This isn’t the first time Golan and Boyd have joined forces to make a statement about global warming.In September 2019, just days before Greta Thunberg addressed the U.N. General Assembly, the teen climate activist asked Boyd and Golan to build her a handheld climate clock. At the time, she said she wanted to show it to the U.N. secretary general — and had found the artists after they had offered to work with the IPCC on a clock to accompany its scathing 2018 climate report.In what they describe as a “lightning-speed effort,” Golan and Boyd pulled together a team of climate science experts, programmers, electrical engineers and designers to create the clock Thunberg wanted — battery-powered and synchronized to the Climate Clock.Thunberg’s bespoke device was hand-delivered to her hotel the night before her speech. She has since carried it around the world on her travels.The New York climate clock will be on display until Sept. 27, although the creators say it may one day become a permanent fixture of the Manhattan landscape.The artists are now calling on people to create their own clocks and say they are working with cities around the world to install their own versions.“Different countries and different communities may have different roles, but we all have to be on the same timeline,” Golan said, calling for “global unity.”While some may draw parallels between the climate clock and the Doomsday Clock — a symbolic timepiece intended to signal how close the world is to ending, based on a variety of threats — Golan insists that there’s a sliver of optimism to be had.“This is not a doomsday clock; the number is not zero. It’s telling us there is still time, but we can’t waste it,” he said.But as the world continues to grapple with the coronavirus pandemic that has killed nearly 1 million people worldwide, the artists are urging the public not to lose sight of the threat of climate change. Together they hope that the project will remind people to “flatten the climate curve” to protect the planet.As he unveiled the clock Saturday, Golan encouraged onlookers to reflect on their own carbon footprint and to come together to create change. “The world is literally counting on us,” he said. “Every hour, every minute, every second, counts.”Read more:Dangerous new hot zones are spreading around the worldThe world’s climate emergency is getting harder to ignoreHurricane Sally sits in the Gulf, but along the coast deadly floodwaters are rising
131	3	"Sky News host Chris Smith says international celebrities need to stop using Australia’s bushfire crisis to “solidify their views on the Armageddon of climate change”. On Monday, Australian actor Russell Crowe  used his platform at the Golden Globes to call for greater climate change action.While on Tuesday, Piers Morgan told Liberal MP Craig Kelly to ""wake up"" on climate change in a car crash interview on British television. The Good Morning Britain host called Mr Kelly ""disgraceful"" when he said there were many reasons for the current bushfire crisis including the ongoing drought. Mr Smith said “global warming alarmists” needed to stop “using the crisis to score points”. However, the Sky host did praise the “incredible” donations made by some “big name celebrities” towards bushfire relief efforts in recent days. Image: Getty "
562	4	Introducing Atlantic PlanetI’ve been covering climate change for The Atlantic for five years, or nearly a sixth of the time I’ve been alive. That’s long enough to watch the world change around me. I covered America’s adoption of the Paris Agreement and our plan to depart it; in 2017, I warned that Democrats were shockingly unprepared to pass climate policy, then I watched the party unite around a new agenda.Today, The Atlantic is launching Planet, a new section devoted to climate change, along with The Weekly Planet, a new newsletter. We’ve made them because we recognize—as you might too—that climate change is the backdrop of our lives and one of the moral crises of the century, a globe-spanning force reshaping how we work, how we play, how we shop, and how we vote. We hope to be your guide to living through climate change, a source of expert information and thoughtful analysis that’s less angel-on-your-shoulder and more friend-at-your-side.Sign up for The Weekly PlanetHere’s what you can expect from Planet in the days and months to come:First: We will cover climate change in the present tense—not as a distant threat, but as a force that is already reconfiguring business, culture, society, and life on Earth. This outlook doesn’t reflect our prediction about where the world is heading; we think a detached assessment of the facts allows for no other conclusion.Second: We will recognize that the economy is made of real stuff—purring servers, fields of alfalfa, wind-spun turbines, muscle and bone. So we’ll also recognize that solving climate change and zeroing out carbon pollution requires getting elbow-deep in reality. A gallon of gasoline isn’t a price by the side of the road; it’s a physical reserve of fossilized sunlight, the refined residue of what was once 25 metric tons of ancient sea life. To leave fossil fuels behind, we must find a new source of energy to replace that prehistoric sun.Finally: We will understand that climate change is too serious to be taken seriously all the time. When Justin Bieber plays a laid-off oil-rig worker in a music video, it isn’t just an entertainment story; it’s a climate story. When one in four childless adults says that climate change shaped their reproductive decisions, it is of course a climate story, but it’s also a sex story. And when the government of Tulsa, Oklahoma, repaints its giant downtown statue of an oil driller to look like Elon Musk, and then doesn’t even get the Tesla factory it was angling for, it is very funny, in addition to being a scandalously pathetic use of tax dollars.Planet might be new, but its approach to climate coverage has long been at home at The Atlantic. Our writers have covered aspiring mammoth cloners and would-be geo-engineers. Nearly 40 years ago, Tracy Kidder wrote in our pages that scientists were studying difficult questions raised by “the greenhouse effect.”And in our first issue, in 1857, our founders wrote that the magazine would be of “no party or clique.” That famous line has appeared in our table of contents, off and on, for the past century and a half.Read: The heat gapBut another sentence followed it. The founders did not reject partisanship because they wished to avoid taking sides, or out of some faith in the journalistic “view from nowhere.” Instead, their dislike for clannishness flowed from their concern for nuance and a higher kind of truth. The Atlantic, the founders wrote, should “deal frankly” with people and parties—and it should always “keep in view that moral element which transcends all persons and parties, and which alone makes the basis of a true and lasting national prosperity.”For the past few years, I’ve had those words taped to my desk on an index card. They paint a marvelous picture—of an invisible substance that molds each of us, permeates all our politics, hums with morality, and somehow implicates our abundance.It’s just a metaphor, of course. And yet—in one of those gasps of historical foresight—the image suggests what we now call the climate.
219	5	"Climate was a major theme in Davos, where panel discussions on everything from global warming to ocean sustainability and biodiversity drew large crowds.Naturalist and broadcaster David Attenborough was given top billing and primatologist Jane Goodall appeared on a panel. A dinner hosted by climate and environmental groups was one of the hottest tickets of the week. The focus on climate reflects developments that have been hard to miss even for profit-obsessed CEOs. Damaging storms have in recent years resulted in major financial losses and a California utility company has been brought to its knees by billions of dollars in claims related to wildfires. Companies have also seen how easy it is for their reputations to be tarnished over environmental issues — and how easy it can be to change.""Things change instantly because of the power of social media,"" Burberry (BBRYF) board member Orna Ni-Chionna said during a panel discussion in Davos.Ni-Chionna knows what she's talking about. Burberry was caught in a PR firestorm when it emerged last year that unsold clothes were being destroyed.""When this was discovered, the social media theme that rocketed to the top was 'Burberry burns.' It took me about five minutes to send an email to our chief executive and ... it took our chief executive three weeks to have a completely new policy,"" she said.Call to actionTalk is well and good, but there was widespread recognition in Davos that real change won't happen without action. For experts here, that means corporate and government policy reforms. Many speakers acknowledged progress won't be made until the economics change. ""There are still fossil fuel subsidies from G7 countries — that's ridiculous,"" said Rachel Kyte, special representative of the UN Secretary-General for Sustainable Energy.""Why we are subsidizing something we know is killing our children, poisoning them and affecting their ability to learn? That's beyond me,"" she added.There were new initiatives too. Procter & Gamble (PG), PepsiCo (PEP), Nestlé (NSRGY) and Unilever (UL) joined forces with waste management company TerraCycle to launch Loop, a project that will allow people to reuse containers for some of the world's most popular household products.'Feel the fear' The spirit of the event was reflected in two attendees with little  in common: One is a former vice president of the United States; the other a 16-year-old Swedish schoolgirl. What Al Gore and Greta Thunberg share is anger at corporate executives who aren't moving quickly enough to address climate change.""I don't want you to be hopeful, I want you to panic, I want you to feel the fear I feel every day,"" Thunberg told attendees.Gore participated in a friendly panel discussion with David Attenborough on Tuesday, where he warned that politicians are in denial about environmental risks.  The former Democratic presidential candidate was downright fired up by the end of the week. On Thursday, he stood before a room packed with CEOs and climate change experts and warned that humanity's survival is at stake.""Who is with me?"" he yelled into the microphone as the crowd roared their approval. The question everyone was asking: what will follow that roar?"
95	4	The world has seen an average of a six percent drop in greenhouse gases amid the coronavirus pandemic due to lockdowns and industry shutdowns.Although levels rose to new records this time last year, the decrease is still not significant enough to halt climate change, the United Nation's weather agency warns.Experts say that once the global economy starts to recover, emissions will return to normal and continue to contribute to climate change.They also foresee a boost in emissions, as many industries have stopped production altogether during the outbreak.Experts say that once the global economy starts to recover, emissions will return to normal and continue to contribute to climate change. They also foresee a boost in emissions, as many industries have stopped production altogether during the outbreak, such as those in ChinaThe coronavirus began in Wuhan, China in December 2019 and has since spread to nearly every country in the world.As of Thursday there are more than 2.5 million cases and the death toll has surpassed 174,000.Since the outbreak, many countries have implemented stay-at-home orders and the shutdown of numerous businesses.The decrease in human activity has caused a drop in carbon dioxide levels across the globe, including major creators of the gas like India, parts of Europe and China.But Professor Petteri Taalas, World Meteorological Organization (WMO) Secretary-General, said 'This drop of emissions of six per cent, that's unfortunately (only) short-term good news.''There might even be a boost in emissions because some of the industries have been stopped.'Since the outbreak, many countries have implemented stay-at-home orders and the shutdown of numerous businesses. As of Thursday there are more than 2.5 million cases and the death toll has surpassed 174,000 worldwideWMO recently published data to coincide with the 50th anniversary of Earth Day, which was held Wednesday.The data shows that from 2015 to 2019, levels of carbon dioxide were 18 percent higher than the previous five years.The report notes that greenhouse gases remain 'in the atmosphere and oceans for centuries. This means that the world is committed to continued climate change regardless of any temporary fall in emissions due to the Coronavirus epidemic.'The forecasted fall in carbon emissions is mirrored by decreases in levels of common air pollutants from car exhausts and fossil fuel energy, such as nitrous oxide (N2O) particles.'Their lifetime is typically from days to weeks, so the impact is seen more rapidly', Taalas said. 'But these changes in the carbon emissions, they haven't had any impact on climate so far.'He also noted that air quality dramatically improved in industrial cities.'In China, in India and also here close to us in the Po Valley in northern Italy, which is one of the most polluted areas in Europe. And we have seen that also in individual cities like Paris.'The report notes that greenhouse gases remain 'in the atmosphere and oceans for centuries. This means that the world is committed to continued climate change regardless of any temporary fall in emissions due to the Coronavirus epidemic'The WMO Secretary-General insisted that unless the world can mitigate climate change, it will lead to 'persistent health problems, especially hunger and inability to feed the growing population of the world and there would be also more massive impact on economics'.Since the first Earth Day in 1970, carbon dioxide levels have gone up 26 percent, and the world's average temperature has increased by 33.5 degrees Fahrenheit.The planet is also nearly 34 degrees warmer than the pre-industrial era - a trend that is expected to continue.In its latest report warning of the impacts of climate change, the UN agency confirmed that the last five years were the hottest on record.However, the warming has been uneven across the globe.Europe experienced its hottest temperatures in the last 10 years, which were around 32.9 degrees higher than the average, but South America saw the least change.There are other key indicators that showed an acceleration of climate change in the past five years.These include ocean heat and acidification, rising sea level glacier melt and Arctic and Antarctic sea ice shedding (with ice loss five times higher in last five years, compared to the 1970s).
808	5	"Signing up to the Paris Climate Agreement in 2015, world leaders agreed to limit global warming by the end of the century to 1.5 degrees Celsius, ideally, and certainly no higher than 2 degrees C.But a United Nations report published today says either goal is a long way off.Instead of cutting emissions, humans released more CO2 in 2018 than ever before, according to the annual Global Emissions Gap Report. Last year, 55.3 gigatons of global CO2 were pumped into the atmosphere, up from 53.5 gigatons in 2017.Global temperatures are set to rise about 3.2 degrees C by 2100, the report says, bringing catastrophic weather including hotter, deadlier heatwaves and more frequent floods and drought.Little change from big polluters""Our collective failure to act early and hard on climate change means we now must deliver deep cuts to emissions — over 7 per cent each year, if we break it down evenly over the next decade,"" said Inger Andersen, Executive Director of the UN Environment Programme (UNEP). From 2030, 15 gigatons of CO2 would have to be cut each year, she added. This is roughly the annual emissions of the EU, India, Russia and Japan combined.Efforts to reduce CO2 emissions would have to increase five-fold to reach the 1.5 degrees C target — a projection already made in a previous version of the report. The difference, however, said Anne Ohlhoff, a co-author of the 2019 report, is that time is slowly running out.Most responsible for the continually increasing emissions is the G20, a group of 20 of the world's biggest economies, who emit the equivalent of 43 gigatons of CO2 — 78% of global greenhouse gas emissions.Fast-growing, developing countries also contribute to high emissions, said John Christensen, director of UNEP DTU Partnership, an international climate research group, but can't be expected to be the first to cut emissions. ""Industrialized countries must take the lead here.""Despite few concrete results, some things have changed politically in the last few years, said Ohlhoff. ""We know what we need to do.""How to close the emissions gapThe report names five key areas that will be decisive in the future:1. At least €1.45 billion ($1.59 billion) annual investment in renewables and more efficient energy use2. Coal phaseout3. Decarbonization of transport4. Decarbonization of industry5. Increased access to electricity for 3.5 billion peopleThe number of countries, regions and cities setting goals to go carbon-neutral has risen since September last year from just a handful to about 65. The European Union, for example, aims to be carbon neutral by 2050. Individual countries including Germany, the UK and France have also set zero-emissions goals.But how exactly they will achieve this — and how soon — is uncertain. Only a few of the 65 have laid out a timeline for reaching net-zero, according to the report, none of which are countries in the G20.Fossil fuel production grows globallyEager to cut out carbon, but unwilling to give up fossil fuels, countries are struggling to rein in emissions.Production of coal, gas and crude oil is rising, and reached its highest level in 2018 at around 37 gigatons. Some environmental economists have called for a tax on CO2 emissions to incentivize companies to produce energy more sustainably. But the comprehensive introduction of a CO2 price has so far been unsuccessful.One strategy for closing the emissions gap would see renewable sources make up 85% of the world's electricity mix by 2050.Major turnaround still possibleOn the one hand it's a matter of having greater ambitions, said Christensen, and on the other hand of implementing them faster. ""Energy and transport will be the most important areas.""The report states that technologies for rapid and cost-effective emission reduction have improved, such as the price of solar energy, which can compete with coal on cost. ""We can create this change without sacrificing prosperity,"" said Christensen.If the world is to slow down and adapt to global warming, it must acknowledge that ""fundamental changes in values, norms, consumer culture and worldviews are inevitable parts of the great sustainability transformation,"" the report concludes."
82	3	Mont Blanc — Europe's second highest peak — has shrunk by 3 feet (1 metre) since 2017 thanks to climate change, French geographical experts announced yesterday.The Alpine peak, which sits on the border of France and Italy, was measured during mid-September at 15,773.65 feet, down from 15,776.64 feet four years ago.In fact, the team noted, the mountain has been losing an average of 5.1 inches (13 cm) in height each year since precise measurements began being taken in 2001.The highest reading, taken in 2001, had Mont Blanc standing at 15,783.79 feet.These findings come amid growing concerns worldwide over the loss of glacial ice, with Mont Blanc not the only peak being diminished by a changing climate.Last month, for example, experts from Stockholm University reported that Kebnekaise, Sweden's highest peak, lost almost 6.5 feet of height in the last year.The tallest and most prominent mountain in Europe is Mount Elbrus, which lies in the Caucasus. Its western summit reaches 18,510 feet.Mont Blanc — Europe's second highest peak, pictured — has shrunk by 3 feet (1 metre) since 2017 thanks to climate change, French geographical experts announced yesterdayMont Blanc is the highest mountain in Western Europe and the eleventh tallest summit in the world.It lies on the border between Italy and France and ownership of the summit was long a subject of dispute. The peak forms part of the larger 'Mont Blanc Massif', a range which is popular among walkers, climbers, skiers and snowboarders alike. Mont Blanc is measured every two years in order to help create a model of the ice sheet and to provide data to various specialists for analysis. 'Now it's up to climatologists, glaciologists and other scientists to look at all the data collected and put forward all the theories to explain this phenomenon,' the experts said in a press conference held in Saint-Gervais-les-Bains, at the foot of Mont Blanc.According to the researchers, the height of the mountain varies from year-to-year because the summit is covered with a layer of permanent snow, one whose depth varies with wind intensities and precipitation levels. Exceptional weather conditions during this year's excursion mean that this latest measurement is the most accurate taken to-date.'Since the dawn of time, the altitude of Mont Blanc has varied continuously,' the geographers explained.The rock that makes up the mountain, they added, peaks at 15,721.78 feet (4,792 metres) above sea-level.Mont Blanc (pictured), the team noted, has been losing an average of 5.1 inches (13 cm) in height each year since precise measurements began being taken in 2001Although the measurements of Mont Blanc are taken biennially, officials revealed yesterday that they had opted not to publish the 'exceptionally low' figure of 15,767.81 feet (4,806.03 metres) they previously reached back in 2019.This reading, they explained, was felt should be taken with 'a pinch of salt', leading them to decide to wait for the 2021 measurement 'for more scientific explanations.'Furthermore, the team said they are wary of rushing to any quick interpretation of their dataset. 'We should not draw hasty conclusions about measurements which have been carried out only since 2001 with this kind of precision,' said the team's Denis Borel.The Alpine peak (inset), which sits on the border of France and Italy (depicted), was measured during mid-September at 15,773.65 feet — down from 15,776.64 feet four years agoIn 2013, the European Academies' Science Advisory Council (EASAC) published a report which looked at the frequency of extreme weather events. Since then, there has been a continued rise in how common these events occur. In order to cope when such adverse weather conditions strike, they made recommendations as to how the EU can better protect its citizens from climate change. 1. InformationThe report claimed that in order to best deal with the issues, it is necessary to understand them first. To understand how global warming will affect the extremes of weather, it is necessary to study and model them. 2. Heat wavesAcross the European continent, heatwaves can vary massively and have vastly different impacts. Understanding the nuances of these phenomena is key to weathering the storm. 3. Flood defence and early warningGood practice in flood preparedness and for flood defence across Europe should be shared, including information about different responses to flood preparedness and flood warnings.4. AgricultureThe report stated that the agriculture sector as a whole needed to improve.Vulnerability to extreme weather and possible measures to increase resilience should be produced.5. Strengthen the knowledge of climate change The research found that it was crucial that we viewed climate change adaptation as a continuous process. In order to do this sustained observations, analysis and climate modelling about the Earth are integral parts of a robust and flexible climate-change adaptation strategy.It claims knowledge dissemination, innovation and building international relationships is key.6. Changes in policies
696	3	From Bruce Springsteen to Billy Bragg, The Cranberries to Pussy Riot – there’s a rich history of protest music. Now a group of Christchurch singers and poets will come together to lend their voices to the fight against climate change. Nga Reo o te Ao Mārama: Voices of the Earth will be held on Saturday evening at Aldersgate Centre, in Durham St, Central Christchurch. The free concert brings together activists “in a bid to inspire action to care for the environment and one another,” said Christopher Musgrave, co-director of the activist singers group Singing For Our Lives.  READ MORE: * Lucy Gray - leader, climate change activist, schoolgirl * Rise Up: Young climate change activist's anthem for student strikes * Christchurch pupils to strike as part of global climate change action * Pitch Perfect musical director sings praises of Christchurch choir Vocal Collective  “This event is something we do in protest of the status quo. We want to raise awareness of the small things we can each be doing every day to make a difference for our planet.” The evening was “a chance to fall in love with nature all over again”, he said. “We’ll also consider the seriousness of the climate and ecological emergency and of social justice issues we face, and be inspired by words and music to care for ourselves and the climate.” Among those taking to the stage will be Christchurch student Lucy Gray, singer/songwriter and a leader of the School Strike 4 Climate Change protests. There will be poetry from 9-year-old environmentalist activist Evangeline Casey and co-director Valerie Wycoff said the lineup would also include Lisa Tui, Global Voices and Women in Harmony. Local poets, including Erik Kennedy, will appear, along with filmmaker Kathleen Gallagher, and music from Geoff Low, who plays taonga puoro, and cellist Nicole Reddington. “Singing really empowers us and connects us with what’s important to us [...] like caring for the climate, social justice issues and a lot of the problems that we face. “That gives me courage to make changes in my life and courage to work with others for the sorts of things we need at this time”. The event will be held from 7pm and free tickets are available at Eventfinda.
306	4	Climate change made the stifling heat that enveloped parts of Europe last week much more likely and hotter, researchers said Friday.The heat wave, the second to hit Europe since late June, set temperature records in Paris, as well as in Germany, the Netherlands and other countries. Nuclear reactors in France and Germany were forced to reduce output or shut down because the water used to cool them was too warm.The hot air, which was trapped over Europe after traveling from northern Africa, lingered for about four days. It has since moved north over Greenland, causing the surface of the island’s vast ice sheet to melt at near-record levels.Want climate news in your inbox? Sign up here for Climate Fwd:, our email newsletter.World Weather Attribution, a group that conducts rapid analyses of weather events to see if they are influenced by climate change, said that for France and the Netherlands, the four days of extreme heat last week were a rare event even for a warming world. But it said climate change had made the heat wave at least 10 times more likely. In Germany, the heat wave was at least eight times more likely because of climate change, the group found, and in Britain, where the heat did not linger as long, it was at least two times more likely.Looked at another way, the researchers said, the heat wave was hotter by about 2.5 to 5 degrees Fahrenheit,  because of climate change.“European summer heat waves are absolutely one of the hot spots of climate change,” said Friederike Otto, a member of the group and a climate researcher at the University of Oxford in England. “We’ve had two of these this summer alone, and the summer is only halfway through. We also had a massive heat wave last summer.”World Weather Attribution, with researchers in Britain, France, the Netherlands and elsewhere, uses computer simulations of the climate as it is now and as it would be if human activity had not pumped hundreds of billions of tons of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere. The group’s goal is to bring legitimate scientific analysis to the public quickly after an event to help counter any potential misinformation.The group said that every European heat wave that has been analyzed, dating back to 2003 and including the earlier one this summer, had been found to have been influenced by climate change, although the degree of impact has varied depending on location, intensity and other factors. While they have analyzed other weather events, including floods, droughts, cold spells and extreme rainfall, Dr. Otto said, European heat waves have shown the greatest climate change influence. With the hot air moving north this week, Greenland was experiencing its own version of a heat wave. On the southwestern coast, Nuuk, the capital, reported temperatures in the high 50s Fahrenheit, about 10 degrees higher than average for this time of year (55 Fahrenheit is the equivalent of roughly 13 Celsius). The warmth increased the surface melting of Greenland’s vast ice sheet, which covers about 80 percent of the island. Analysis of satellite data by the National Snow and Ice Data Center in Boulder, Colo., showed that melting on Wednesday extended across 380,000 square miles, or about 60 percent of the total ice area.That is about four times the median extent for the end of July over the past four decades. But while the extent of melting has been higher than average this year — including a day in June that set an early-season record — it is less than the record 2012 melt season, when warm temperatures persisted for much of the summer and at one point nearly 100 percent of the ice sheet was melting.Greenland’s ice sheet is nearly two miles thick in places, and if all of it were to melt, global sea levels would rise about 24 feet. Melting  has increased in recent decades because of climate change and has been outstripping accumulation from snow, resulting in a net loss of ice. Estimates vary, but a 2018 study found that the ice sheet has been losing an average of nearly 300 billion tons of ice per year this decade, contributing a total of about one-quarter of an inch to global sea level rise over that time.For more news on climate and the environment, follow @NYTClimate on Twitter.
956	4	SAKHALIN ISLAND, Russia — Sixteen wind turbines are slated to go up amid the winding coast and wooded hills of this Russian island in the Pacific, creating a wind park bigger than any that currently exists in the vast reaches of the country’s Far East.The clean energy generated by the new wind park will go toward mining more coal.Russia is scrambling to retain the wealth and power that come from selling fossil fuels to the world, even as the Kremlin increasingly acknowledges climate change to be a human-made crisis that the country needs to do more to address.Last week, President Vladimir V. Putin said Russia would stop adding carbon dioxide to the atmosphere by 2060. It was a remarkable reversal since Mr. Putin has long dismissed climate science and many in his country see international efforts to combat global warming as part of a Western plot to weaken Russia. His announcement comes two weeks before world leaders are set to converge in Glasgow for a pivotal U.N. climate summit.But it’s unclear if Russia is sincere in its new pledge. Russian energy experts and government officials acknowledge the moves are largely driven by economics, with the European Union’s plans for tariffs on heavily polluting countries threatening exports from Russia, the fourth biggest among nations in terms of greenhouse gas emissions. Some elements of Russia’s plans have prompted skepticism, including a heavy reliance on forests as a tool to absorb carbon dioxide.And the country continues to invest in producing more oil, gas and coal, doubling down on an industry that has allowed the Kremlin to reap profits during a global energy crunch and wield leverage over Europe, its main customer.Russia’s climate contradictions are on display on the 600-mile-long island of Sakhalin, just north of Japan. The relatively wealthy region of 500,000 people is rich in hydrocarbons, the backbone of its economy. But the regional government last year pledged to make Sakhalin Russia’s first “carbon neutral” region by 2025 — one that absorbs as much carbon out of the air as it emits.Sakhalin’s plan shows that natural gas — which is less polluting than coal — and its carbon-absorbing forests will be key to Russia’s approach to reducing its net emissions.“We don’t want to do anything that would stop the development of your companies,” Sakhalin’s governor, Valery Limarenko, said at a recent oil-and-gas conference on the island, toasting a hotel ballroom full of Russian energy executives snacking on sushi and raw mollusks. “We are going out to sea together, we can see the harbor, and we know where we are going.”For now, Sakhalin’s plans to meet its goal of going carbon-neutral — which also include emissions trading, hydrogen power, renewable-energy plants and developing carbon “sinks” — exist mainly on paper. But they are indicative of the changing dynamics in a country where temperatures are rising more than twice as fast as the global average.“Probably the most important thing now happening in Russia is that a certain consensus is coming together around climate change,” Dmitri N. Peskov, Mr. Putin’s special envoy for technological development, said in an interview. “In the last half year, it has become clear that Russia is at the center of changes to the climate.”Much of Sakhalin is covered by majestic forests of spruce and fir. They tell the story of Russia’s role in fighting climate change, and of its vulnerability to it.In Sakhalin, according to the government, forests already absorb 11 million of the 12 million metric tons of the carbon emitted by human activity — making the goal of carbon neutrality achievable with relatively minor reductions in emissions.Nationwide, Russia plans to more than double the amount of carbon counted as being absorbed by its vast forests and other ecosystems by 2050, according to a draft government strategy seen by The New York Times. Some of that increase would come from fighting forest fires and by changing forestry practices. But it would also result from changing how that absorption is calculated using “modern mathematical models based on neural networks and artificial intelligence,” provoking skepticism from environmentalists.“The problem is these numbers are not based on any reliable data or studies,” Vasily Yablokov, a climate specialist at Greenpeace Russia, said.In Sakhalin’s woods, there are more and more patches of bleak lifelessness. The bark of gray, dead, towering trees is punctured by tiny pinpricks: traces of the European spruce bark beetle.The beetle’s population exploded in recent years. Pacific typhoons have increasingly been hitting farther north, reaching Sakhalin, where they knock over huge swaths of trees that, lacking live trees’ natural defenses, become fodder for bark beetles. Warmer temperatures have helped the beetles multiply.Already, at least 30,000 acres of spruce have been killed by insects in Sakhalin, according to Kirill Korznikov, a botanist at the Far Eastern Branch of the Russian Academy of Sciences. Dying forests in turn damage Sakhalin’s fragile river ecosystems, threatening future salmon stocks — and reducing the amount of carbon absorbed from the atmosphere.“We’ve never had such storms, we’ve never had so many bugs,” said Mr. Korznikov. “But people don’t have a full understanding that these phenomena are connected to changes in the climate.”Mr. Putin long dismissed the scientific consensus that human activity was to blame for the warming of the planet. Rather, he said in 2018, climate change could be caused by “cosmic changes, shifts of some kind in the galaxy that are invisible to us.”Then, last year, a devastating oil spill in Siberia caused by thawing permafrost toppling a diesel tank underscored the particular danger that global warming poses to infrastructure in Russia. Two-thirds of the nation’s territory is covered by frozen ground. This year, for the third summer in a row, Siberians faced the worst wildfires they could remember, stoking their anger at the government.“Why has nature gone mad?” a television viewer asked Mr. Putin on his annual call-in show in June.“Many believe, with good reason, that this is connected primarily to human activity, to emissions of pollutants into the atmosphere,” Mr. Putin responded.Two weeks later, the European Union announced plans for a carbon border tax on imports from countries that are not taking steps it deems sufficient to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Imports from Russia, analysts predicted, would be hardest hit.Dinara Gershinkova, a former Kremlin official who oversees Sakhalin’s climate efforts, said that international pressure has been “a real lever” forcing Russia to reduce emissions. The past two years, she said, have been “totally crazy” as companies with foreign investors sought advice on how to meet international environmental standards.Under its existing plans, Russia will meet the pledge it made as part of the Paris climate agreement to reduce its emissions by 30 percent by 2030 compared to 1990 levels, even though its emissions could still rise in the coming years.But there are signs that Russia will revise its plans to be more ambitious. The government’s draft climate strategy calls for Russia to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 79 percent by 2050. Making a meaningful contribution to the global fight against climate change, the document notes, would foster “a positive image of Russia in the world, stimulating the development of foreign trade relationships.”Russia will likely bring its own demands to the climate summit in Glasgow. They include international recognition of carbon-capture projects done in Russia and treatment of nuclear and hydropower as “green” on par with wind and solar energy, officials have said. There is even hope that Western countries might relax sanctions to reward Russia for taking a more constructive position.“A mutual enemy unites,” Mr. Peskov, the Kremlin envoy, said. “Russia possesses a series of keys to solving the problem of global warming, which is very hard to solve without us.”Yet there is also a harder edge to Russia’s emerging stance: the idea that Europe and the United States, with their low-lying coastal cities, have more to lose than Russia, which sees benefits to trade and agriculture in the thawing Arctic and warmer temperatures.“In the long term, there’s no question we are the beneficiaries when it comes to climate change,” Mr. Peskov said. (He has no relation to Dmitri S. Peskov, the Kremlin spokesman.)In Sakhalin, the regional government’s plan for carbon neutrality shows that officials will try to maintain their existing fossil fuel industries for as long as possible. The island is one of the Pacific’s biggest hubs for oil and gas production, with investors that include Royal Dutch Shell and ExxonMobil.Aleksandr Medvedev, an executive at the state-owned energy giant Gazprom, pledged at the Sakhalin conference last month that natural gas would hold “key significance in the global energy mix even at the end of this century.”Natural gas emits about half the carbon dioxide of coal but still generates pollution that is warming the planet, and its pipelines are vulnerable to leaks of methane, a potent greenhouse gas.Still, as part of their push for lower emissions, the Sakhalin authorities are encouraging car owners to convert their engines to be able to run on natural gas. The government covers as much as $2,000 in costs and touts the fuel to be more than twice as cheap as regular gasoline. At Gazprom-run natural gas filling stations, customers have to step a few yards away from their car, for their own safety, after affixing the hissing nozzle to a makeshift valve under the hood.“Environmentally friendly fuel means caring about the future!” advertisements on public transport in Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk say.Natural gas is also slated to replace the scores of coal-burning municipal heating plants scattered across the island.And Sakhalin’s thriving coal industry is not going anywhere, either.East Mining Company, Sakhalin’s major coal miner, says it has tripled its annual extraction to 12 million tons in the past five years and promises to keep growing. Coal prices in the company’s Asian export markets are skyrocketing amid the global energy crunch.The company’s chairman, Oleg Misevra, has said that the threat of climate change is “forcing humanity to unite and take radical measures.” In East Mining’s case, that means putting up a 67-megawatt wind farm to power its open-pit coal mining operations; it erected wind-monitoring equipment to find a suitable spot last month. Mr. Yablokov, of Greenpeace, called the plans “totally surreal.”“Wind turbines are supposed to replace fossil fuels, rather than support them,” Mr. Yablokov said.East Mining declined interview requests. In Uglegorsk, the mining town near the company’s main operations, there is little faith in its environmental pledges. The debris from its coal quarry collapsed in July in a massive landslide that, activists say, polluted the area’s water supply. After the municipal newspaper reported on the disaster, the mayor tried to fire the editor in chief.“They’ve learned to say the right words,” said Vladimir Avdeyev, a 61-year-old Uglegorsk activist, as he surveyed the gray expanse of landslide debris stretching across a valley outside town. “We see deeds of an opposite character.”Alina Lobzina and Oleg Matsnev contributed reporting.
144	2	"When it comes to working towards “mitigating” climate change, it must be done in an “economically rational” manner that does not come at the expense of both the economy and the people, according to Sky News contributor Caleb Bond.“When it comes to climate change and doing things that might mitigate climate change – in the front of our minds needs to be whether what we do is economically advantageous to our country,” he told Sky News Host Peter Gleeson.“Now if what Scott Morrison is looking at is a system whereby we invest in technology that has the benefit of creating jobs and creating industry at the same time as perhaps working towards this target – that would make sense.“We have to do things in an economically rational manner.“There is nothing wrong with moving towards renewable energy and things that might benefit the environment but we can’t do it at the expense of our own people and we can’t do it at the expense of our own economy."""
999	2	He became a household name in New Zealand less than two months ago. Todd Muller had aspirations of being the next Prime Minister when he usurped Simon Bridges in a coup to become the new leader of the National Party. On Tuesday, he stunned the country by resigning from that role. “It has become clear to me that I am not the best person to be leader of the Opposition and leader of the New Zealand National Party at this critical time for New Zealand,” Muller said in a statement. READ MORE: * National's leaks fiasco reveals an ethical weakness  * Todd Muller's cautious reshuffle reveals deep tensions within National Party * Winston, it's Todd here. We should talk  * Todd Muller elected National leader, Simon Bridges ends two-year reign  “The role has taken a heavy toll on me personally, and on my family, and this has become untenable from a health perspective.” This piece backgrounding Muller’s political and business career was first published by Stuff in May. ANALYSIS: Todd Muller is ambitious. That much is obvious. While most Kiwis have never heard of him, the 51-year-old second-term National MP is exceedingly well known around Parliament. Ask anyone to name a future National leader (a question that’s illuminated many a whiskey-drenched conversation between MPs in the past three years), and Muller’s name inevitably lands somewhere near the top. He’s been near the top of this list for longer than most people realise. A former staffer in the office of prime minister Jim Bolger, Muller was always slated for big things – his colleagues speculated then that he may have taken the well-trodden route from staffer to MP. Bolger himself remains a big fan of Muller. “He's always been capable. Otherwise I wouldn’t have hired him for the prime minister’s office,” Bolger tells Stuff. To the surprise of many, Muller chose to go into the private sector after working for Bolger, instead of straight into politics. He swiftly worked his way up the ranks at Zespri, before stints at the University of Waikato and as a director of Plant and Food Research. Before coming to Parliament in 2014, Muller worked at high levels within Fonterra, before quitting to make a run in Bay of Plenty – a safe National seat – in 2014. That decision to finally have a go at politics would not have been easy. As group director of co-operative affairs at Fonterra, Muller would have been on a solid wicket, and had to move to Bay of Plenty from Auckland to make the run. MPs are well-paid in New Zealand, but Muller’s position at Fonterra meant he took a substantial pay cut to get into politics. You don’t make a move like that unless you think you’re destined for the big time. Indeed, Muller had turned down the opportunity to have a punt at another seat way back in 2008 – Tauranga, the seat Simon Bridges eventually won. But once he arrived in Parliament, the ambition was hard to hide. In his maiden speech, Muller noted it was the “realisation of a childhood dream” to represent his childhood home the Bay of Plenty in Parliament. “He's been quite clear about his ambitions. He’s been upfront,” a National MP firmly on the side of Bridges told Stuff. It wasn’t until National came into Opposition after the 2017 election that Muller’s public profile really grew. Bridges began his leadership of the party promising some new thinking on the environment and climate change. He gave Muller the task of liaising with the Government on its Zero Carbon Bill – an overarching piece of emissions-reduction legislation that Climate Change Minister James Shaw desperately wanted the National Party to support. These negotiations took a long time – although NZ First are as much to blame for that as National is – but ended up with National supporting the bill, with some caveats. This was a big win for Shaw, but also for a lot of people in the National Party who felt that the party needed to look responsive on the issue, which was becoming increasingly important to voters. It earned Muller a lot of respect from across the House. Holding the climate change portfolio is not easy within the National Party. At a standing-room-only meeting at the National Party conference in 2019, Muller faced a hostile question that queried the existence of human-made climate change. His response was a lesson in political communication – he made absolutely clear for the journalists in the room that he disagreed on a factual level with the question, but emotionally understood and shared the sense of aggrievement the rural sector was feeling. His old boss Bolger was very pleased with Muller’s work here, and said it showed a commitment to “what works” over ideology. “He's a bit like me. What works is important. I think the world has seen enough of ideologues who believe if you repeat and chant the same slogans everything will work,” Bolger says. But Muller resists easy characterisation as a leftie within National. He voted against the decriminalisation of abortion and is proud of his rural roots. After Nathan Guy’s announcement that he would stand down from Parliament at the 2020 election, Muller gained the agriculture portfolio, a big get in a party that likes to think of itself as proudly rural. The swiftness with which Muller shed the climate change portfolio after negotiations on the zero carbon legislation wrapped up appeared to confirm that he was as ambitious for himself as he was for the planet. Holding the climate change portfolio didn't rule Muller out of contention for the leadership, but it wasn't going to propel him to the front like agriculture. Muller adjusted his style to suit the agriculture portfolio, becoming much more of an Opposition MP than he had been earlier – most memorably when he picked a fight with a Te Papa exhibit on water quality. His slow but methodical ascension, potentially to the ninth floor is often used as a counterfactual to the promising career of MP and Bolger government minister Simon Upton. Only a decade Muller’s senior, Upton rapidly rose up the National ranks, becoming the youngest MP in Parliament in 1981 and a minister under Bolger, taking the coveted health portfolio from Helen Clark, who had held it in the last days of the fourth Labour government. He was talked about often as potential PM. But he hit a political ceiling and retired in 2001. People who put Upton and Muller together say they’re similar people who chose very different paths: one, straight into politics and early ministerial responsibility, the other, a back-room guy who decided the best way to the ninth floor was to take the circuitous route through the private sector. Muller is held up as having made the right call. The National Party left by John Key places a high value on private-sector experience. If being prime minister was the goal, it’s too early to tell who made the right call. Upton was a minister – Muller hasn’t even served a second full term as MP, let alone held a ministerial warrant. He didn’t just vanish into the private sector. Zespri and Fonterra are no ordinary private-sector companies, Zespri is a monopsony and Fonterra is effectively a monopsony, meaning a single buyer for multiple sellers. Both are corporate jewels, enjoying a privileged position in the New Zealand economy. They’re private companies sure, but knowing your way around the corridors of power helps a lot. Muller's backers will say it’s given him an insight into the engine room of the economy and, certainly, he held forth on the organisational tension within Fonterra between delivering high milk prices to farmers, and maximising margin for its value-add products. The private sector was good to Muller. Auckland life was lucrative, but the call of the Beehive never went away. Indeed, the National Party made several overt attempts to parachute Muller into a safe seat during his years in the wilderness. Accounts of Muller’s decision to take up the seat in 2014 differ. Some versions have it that he was told if he didn’t give it a crack, National would stop ringing, but others say the party wouldn’t just let someone like Muller go. Detractors lash Muller as a return to the “pale, stale, male” era of big business and bigger egos the party should have left behind. But Muller backers equally make the point that if National plans to torch Labour for a lack of private-sector experience, Crown prosecutor-cum-MP Bridges might not be the man to do it. Both men are known to be very hard-working – as is prospective deputy Kaye. But there are lots of hard workers in Parliament. Leading a party, and leading the country, requires more than that.
415	3	"The Earth's climate has fluctuated throughout its history, with both warmer and colder phases than those we experience now. These past climatic changes were caused by natural ""forcings"" – things such as changes in solar activity, Earth's position relative to the sun, changes in atmospheric CO2 driven by emissions from volcanoes and ecosystems, and natural fluctuations within the climate system such as the El Niño Southern Oscillation or the Arctic Oscillation.The recent rise in temperature over the last century of around 0.75C is different to previous climatic change because it involves a new forcing: greenhouse gas emissions from human activity, which have driven atmospheric CO2 to its highest level for 15m years. Using climate models, scientists have shown that natural forcings alone can't account for the rise in average global temperature. But the temperature rise does fit with what scientists would expect from a mixture of natural and human forcings.The rate at which humans are releasing CO2 into the atmosphere is exceptional. Over the last 15m years atmospheric CO2 has regularly risen and fallen – due to natural processes – between 180 and 280 parts per million (ppm). Each time carbon dioxide increased by 100ppm it took between 5,000 and 20,000 years. In contrast, it has taken only 120 years since the Industrial Revolution for atmospheric carbon dioxide to increase by around 100ppm due to human activity.The closest match to present-day climate change in the geological past is an episode known as the Palaeo-Eocene Thermal Maximum (PETM), around 55 million years ago. During the PETM the average global temperature rose by between 5 and 8°C in just a few thousand years – but even this relatively rapid change is slower than the current rate of global warming. Like today's warming, the PETM is thought to have been caused by greenhouse gases being released into the atmosphere – but from natural sources and at only a tenth of the rate of our current greenhouse gas emissions.• This article was written by Carbon Brief in conjunction with the Guardian and partners• This answer last updated: 01.03.2012• Read about the project and suggest a question• Report an error in this answer• Browse all questions and answersRelated questions• Are humans definitely causing global warming?• How much warmer will the planet get?• What are climate change feedback loops?This post by The Guardian is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-No Derivative Works 2.0 UK: England & Wales License.Based on a work at theguardian.com"
548	3	When Avery McRae decided to take on the government’s environmental policies, she had no idea who she’d be up against.It was supposed to be Avery McRae’s first day back at school after winter break, but fat snowflakes were falling outside and class was canceled. Her horseback-riding lesson wasn’t happening either. At lunch with her mom and dad at Hot Mama’s Wings, in Eugene, Oregon, Avery slumped in her seat and stuck out her lip, disappointed the way 11-year-olds are when they’ve been waiting for something forever.“I haven’t seen the horses in three weeks,” she cried. “I’m going to die.”Avery had been in Denver for the holiday visiting family, but now she was back home, eager to return to sixth grade and afternoons stacked with extracurricular activities. She plays piano and has practiced Bhangra, a Punjabi folk dance, since she was two. Each morning, she feeds chickens she’s named after flowers, and each evening, she makes sure they’re tucked in their coop. In the spring, she runs a backyard business raising chicks for customers.And, sometimes, she goes to court. Unlike most tweens, Avery is suing the federal government.She’s the second-youngest of 21 plaintiffs, ages 9 to 20, in Juliana v. United States, a case filed in Eugene in 2015 on the grounds that the federal government has knowingly endangered them by promoting the burning of fossil fuels. If climate change threatens their future, they reason, the government has violated their constitutional right to due process. There are roughly the same number of defendants as plaintiffs in the case, including the Environmental Protection Agency, the Office of the President and the president himself. Until January 20, that was Barack Obama. Now it’s Donald Trump.“You’re suing Trump!” Avery recalls her classmates said when they flocked her at school on November 9. “I’m like, ‘Yep.’ What did I get myself into?”* * *When Avery and I spoke on the phone for the first time, about six months before the election, I asked her why people should care about the lawsuit. She became breathless as she described the stakes. In short, she said, the case will decide how future generations will survive on earth: “If they’re going to have to wear air masks every time they go outside or if they’re going to live in pristine environments where they can swim in cold water in the summer and fish and hike in old-growth forests and not worry about climate change.”Avery started caring about the environment around the age of 5, when she read a book about snow leopards. Finding out they were endangered made her “super heartbroken.” Her mom suggested they raise money for the animals, so one day in December, Avery threw a party with a small suggested donation. She and some friends made leopard Christmas ornaments and decorated cupcakes with spots. By the end, she had raised $200 that she donated to the Snow Leopard Trust.The following year, Avery and friends made more ornaments and raised money for wolves and, more recently, for salmon. Avery had seen some spawning in nearby Whittaker Creek and marveled over how they were swimming the same water as the previous generation of the fish had done, and the next generation would. It was a blow when her parents told her on the drive home that some salmon, too, are endangered.It wasn’t long after that she became involved with Our Children’s Trust, the legal heft behind the lawsuit that works on climate cases with young people, lawyers, and scientists around the world. The organization is based in Eugene, Avery’s hometown. When she signed up for a summer camp the group organized one year, she spent a week learning how to testify at city council meetings, painting a mural on the building of a bicycle shop downtown, and screen-printing shirts with polar bears.Avery was especially inspired by Kelsey Cascadia Rose Juliana, who volunteered with the camp before becoming the lawsuit’s namesake. “She’s insane,” Avery says—a compliment. Our Children’s Trust was clearly impressed by Avery, too. The group asked her to join the lawsuit, and after considering the commitment—years—she was onboard. In a photo taken on the federal courthouse steps after the first hearing of oral arguments in March, Avery and the other plaintiffs are standing in front of a sign that says “Our future is a constitutional right.” Avery, who still isn’t tall enough to sit in the front seat of her parents’ car, looks tiny next to Julia Olson, one of the lawyers representing the group, in the first row.* * *Avery’s mom, Holly McRae, admits Eugene can be a bubble. The city is surrounded by natural wonder: Whittaker Creek, where Avery watched salmon chug upstream, is less than an hour from the McRae’s house; Willamette National Forest and the Oregon coast are both less than two hours away. In Eugene, the McRaes have found a community of likeminded people who care deeply about the environment and social justice. Holly works as an events coordinator for the McKenzie River Trust, and Our Children’s Trust recently hired Avery’s dad, Matt, as a climate-policy strategist. Before that, Matt worked for the city as a climate and energy analyst.“I’m surrounded by local activists working on so many things. It gives me hope,” Holly says. “But it’s also easy to kind of lose sight of the fact that we are not necessarily the entire country.”In November, more than 1.5 times as many residents in Lane County, where Eugene is the seat, voted for Hillary Clinton than for Donald Trump, according to the local paper. When Trump supporters flocked to a Eugene fairground for a rally in May, it felt like a different town to the McRaes. Avery recalled “lots of confederate flags.” There were really only a couple, Holly told me later, but that’s still more than Avery had seen before.Immediately after Trump took office, all mentions of climate change were purged from the White House website except for a promise to kill Obama’s policies. EPA staff were temporarily instructed not to issue press releases or post on social media without prior approval. Even before the inauguration, Trump’s transition team unsettled many at the Department of Energy by requesting the names of employees who had worked on climate change within the agency.“He’s put his cards on the table,” Olson, the lawyer, says. “He wants to renew development of coal in the United States. He wants to open up and authorize every pipeline he can for oil and gas development. He’s pushing heavily towards increasing our fossil fuel-based energy system.”Avery was 3 years old when Obama was first elected, so Trump’s charge into office was the first presidential transition she has ever really been attuned to. Up to this point, she has only known a president who was actively concerned about climate change, even if she and the other plaintiffs in Juliana v. United States believed his administration didn’t do enough to prevent it. Now, it seems she’s up against something else entirely.* * *In some ways, the new administration’s stance on climate change actually could work to the lawsuit’s advantage, Olson contends. If Trump and his team deny that global warming is happening and continue to contribute to “the destabilization of our climate,” Our Children’s Trust’s case will be stronger, she says. And she thinks that unlike during the Obama administration, policies that hurt the environment will be more transparent under Trump. (Trump did not respond to questions about the lawsuit. The Department of Justice also did not respond to a request for comment about the case.)The suit has already cleared a couple legal hurdles. Last April, the U.S. Magistrate Judge Thomas Coffin denied a motion to dismiss the case, and then in November, the U.S. District Court Judge Ann Aiken affirmed that ruling, and paved the way for the case to proceed to trial. On Tuesday, Coffin instructed the parties to prioritize expert discovery on the scientific components of the case, and scheduled another meeting for March 8, according to Our Children’s Trust. The plaintiffs want the trial to start in the fall, but according to the organization, the federal government has indicated it’s considering appealing the earlier rulings that denied motions to dismiss.Aiken’s decision that there might be a constitutional right to a sound environment is the first ever from a federal court, notes Michael Gerrard, the director of the Sabin Center for Climate Change Law at Columbia University. But even if the plaintiffs prevail, Gerrard doesn’t think the decision would survive a Supreme Court review—especially with one or two justices tapped by Trump. The justices have shown reluctance to legislate in lieu of Congress on environmental issues in the past, and they don’t often declare new rights, he says. In American Electric Power Co. v Connecticut, several states asked the federal court to require electric utility companies to reduce emissions for coal-fired power plants. The court found that Congress gave EPA the job of setting the appropriate level of air pollution and so it wasn’t for the courts to decide.“I wouldn’t be surprised to see a similar feeling expressed here,” Gerrard says.At one court hearing last year, Avery says she listened to arguments that she and the other plaintiffs didn’t have a constitutional right to public lands, or a clean atmosphere. It was “super, super maddening,” she says. But when her mom pulled her out of class in April and told her that the case was moving forward, Avery started screaming at the top of her lungs. When she told her classmates what had happened, they started screaming, too.   * * *At Hot Mama’s Wings, the waitress knew Holly wanted chicken tenders before she could order. Avery has lived in the same home since she was born, and her room reflects a short lifetime of collecting treasures—rocks, fossils, and horse figurines on display with a warning to please not touch. An entire wall is covered with posters of horses and a few donkeys (she calls “equines” her favorite animal so she doesn’t leave them out). Another poster, of a snow leopard, is a reminder of her early entrée into environmentalism.As Avery fights to protect her future, Matt and Holly have tried to ensure that she savors her childhood as well. They shield her from comments on stories about the suit so that she doesn’t absorb the online vitriol: A third of the plaintiffs are minorities, and Holly says she regularly sees derogatory racial posts about the case on social media. Since the inauguration, they’ve tried to keep the radio off more often, too.Avery was in court on Tuesday and she expects she’ll appear there again this year. In the meantime, she’s following the case and anticipating the depositions of heavy-hitters like Rex Tillerson, the former ExxonMobil CEO and new secretary of state. But she’s also practicing songs on guitar and is in the middle of new fantasy series that’s piled by her bedside. She’s working on the classic Peanuts song “Linus and Lucy” on the piano.The lawsuit is important, sure, but it doesn’t monopolize her time. She’d rank it third among the activities that occupy her days, after school and dance. She knows she could be in high school by the time it’s resolved. By then, she can sit shotgun.
4	5	"The island village of Kivalina, an Alaska Native community of 400 people already receding into the ocean as a result of rising sea levels. Photo / APReporterClimate change is predicted to bring us higher sea levels, more extreme weather and a world of other catastrophic consequences - but when it comes making people act, the answer may lie in accentuating the positive rather than the negative.In a comprehensive study published today in major journal Nature Climate Change, 28 researchers from around the world examined which factors were most likely to result in people taking action.More than 6000 people across the 24 participating countries were surveyed about their climate change beliefs and pro-environmental actions, and also whether climate change actions would result in co-benefits such as reduced pollution, increased economic development or a more caring and ethical community.The team found that co-benefits were a powerful motivator for people, even for those unconcerned or unconvinced about climate change.If people believed that addressing climate change would result in a more caring and moral community, the study found, they were more likely to act.People were also more motivated to act on climate change if they thought it would produce economic and scientific development, although this was more likely to be true in the case of richer countries taking part in the survey.However, they also found that some of the most commonly cited co-benefits, such as reducing pollution or disease, had no significant impact.""While talking about the reality of climate change is important, we want people to act - and by talking about benefits, this might create more engagement,"" said Victoria University psychologist Dr Taciano Milfont, who co-ordinated the study alongside Dr Paul Bain of the Queensland University of Technology and Professor Yoshihisa Kashima from the University of Melbourne.""We know that just talking about the negative consequences might not engage people to act, because it becomes such a big problem that people don't feel like it.""We also knew that a positive message could be much more interesting, but this is the first large scale study looking at the co-benefits.""Dr Bain also said the traditional approach to convince people to care about climate change by emphasising its devastating consequences had so far failed.""Governments and individuals have not yet taken widespread meaningful action, so we wanted to find alternative ways to encourage people to make a difference.""Dr Milfont believed the findings could have implications not only for communicating climate change initiatives, but also for designing climate change policies.""It provides guidance for creating policies that not only address climate change, but which also produce the social benefits that people want.""The research team believes the results will be particularly valuable for the upcoming UN climate change summit in Paris.New Zealand is taking to the Paris talks a new target of reducing its greenhouse gas emissions by 30 per cent from 2005 levels and 11 per cent from 1990 levels by 2030.This commitment has been criticised by some climate scientists and environmental groups, and a recent Oxfam report described it as falling ""well short"" of a fair contribution towards limiting the global temperature rise to 2C, let alone the 1.5C limit Pacific Island nations were calling for.Paul Young, co-founder of the youth-led organisation Generation Zero, which has been lobbying the Government for action, saw the study as a ""very helpful piece of research"" for anyone trying to motivate greater action on climate change.""I do think it's important we keep building understanding of the huge threat climate change poses to our future, but as this study shows, just talking about the bad stuff we need to avoid is not enough,"" he said.""We've certainly seen in our work with Generation Zero that there's widespread support for climate change solutions, because of the range of benefits they bring.""One example where we have seen some good action from the Government is on urban cycleways - as Simon Bridges has said, 'Put simply, cycling is good for our cities, it's good for the environment and it's good for our health'.""The good news, Mr Young said, was that progressive climate change action could build a better, more compassionate society and unleash a new wave of innovation to power our economies.""This study highlights that more needs to be done to tell this story.""The study findings follow a recent Motu Economic and Public Policy Research survey which found that 87 per cent of New Zealanders are at least somewhat concerned about the effects of climate change on society in general.Sixty-three per cent were concerned or very concerned about the societal effects of climate change and 58 per cent were concerned or very concerned about the personal effects.Cost saving was identified as a key action trigger - of those surveyed, 66 per cent said they would use less energy and 59 per cent said they would be motivated to generate their own renewable energy if there was financial support for products that helped them do so.A strong majority of the survey's 2200 respondents intented to take common household actions that reduce emissions, ranging from installing low-emission household products to conserving water and reducing their home energy use.Fewer reported intentions to reduce car or air travel or avoid or reduce consumption of meat and dairy products, activities which together account for about 56 per cent of New Zealanders' household consumption emissions.About 42 per cent agreed their actions could make a difference to reduce climate change, and 37 per cent were undecided.More women than men are concerned about the impact of climate change on themselves (66 per cent versus 50 per cent) and society (71 per cent versus 55 per cent).More women believed their actions could make a difference (48 per cent versus 35 per cent of men) and influence others to act (50 per cent versus 39 per cent of men).People below age 55 generally showed higher levels of concern about climate change and have a greater belief in their ability to help.• Under present projections, the mean temperature in New Zealand could be 2C higher by the end of the century - and even between 3C and 4C higher if no action is taken to curb the world's carbon emissions.• Within the same period, sea level is expected to rise between 50cm and 100cm, leaving populations to adapt by either abandoning coasts and islands, changing infrastructure and coastal zones, or protecting areas with barriers or dykes.• A recent report on sea level rise by Parliamentary Commissioner for the Environment Dr Jan Wright said the impact of even a small rise in sea level would be significant and very costly for some landowners.• Large storms occurring on top of a higher sea level - of which an increased number were predicted - would affect public infrastructure such as roads, railways and stormwater systems, as well as private homes and other buildings.• Horticulture production in some regions may become uneconomic due to a lack of winter chilling, while sub-tropical crops such as avocados and citrus may benefit from a trend towards warmer average conditions.• Rising ocean temperatures and ocean acidification may alter marine life, moving fisheries southward, threatening shell fisheries, and changing life cycles."
704	5	"Watch: Jacinda Ardern declares climate emergency in New Zealand after decades of rising greenhouse gas emissions. Credits: Video - Newshub; Image - GettyThis year is on track to be the second-hottest on record, behind 2016, the World Meteorological Organization (WMO) said on Wednesday.Five data sets currently place 2020, a year characterised by heatwaves, droughts, wildfires and raging hurricanes, as the second-warmest since records began in 1850.""2020 is very likely to be one of the three warmest years on record globally,"" the Geneva-based UN agency said in its State of the Global Climate in 2020 report. Stoked by extreme heat, wildfires flared across Australia, Siberia and the United States this year, sending smoke plumes around the globe.UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said in a speech at Columbia University in New York that human-caused greenhouse gas emissions are to blame and policies have yet to rise to the challenge.""To put it simply the state of the planet is broken,"" Guterres said. ""Humanity is waging war on nature. This is suicidal,"" he said.A less visible sign of change was a surge in marine heat to record levels, with more than 80 percent of the global ocean experiencing a marine heatwave, the WMO said.""2020 has, unfortunately, been yet another extraordinary year for our climate,"" said WMO Secretary-General Petteri Taalas, urging more efforts to curb the emissions.Greenhouse gas concentrations climbed to a new record in 2019 and have risen so far this year despite an expected drop in emissions due to COVID-19 lockdowns, the WMO said last month.The latest WMO report said the global mean temperature was around 1.2C above the 1850-1900 baseline between January and October this year, placing it second behind 2016 and marginally ahead of 2019. Hot years have typically been associated with El Niño,  a natural event that releases heat from the Pacific Ocean. However, this year coincides with La Niña which has the opposite effect and cools temperatures.The WMO will confirm the data in March 2021.A climate pact agreed in Paris five years ago compels countries to make efforts to limit warming to 1.5C, above which scientists warn of catastrophic climate change.While it is not the same as crossing that long-term warming threshold, the WMO says there is at least a one in five chance of temperatures temporarily, on an annual basis, exceeding that level by 2024.Guterres said that last year natural disasters related to climate change cost the world US$150 billion, and that air and water pollution are killing 9 million people annually. He urged world leaders to align global finance behind the Paris pact, to commit to reaching net zero emissions, and to fund efforts to adapt to climate change."
707	5	The most telling item in Donald Trump’s State of the Union address may have been what wasn’t there: any mention of climate change, the greatest problem the world faces. And just as telling was the fact that official Washington seemed barely to notice.Understandably preoccupied with his vile attacks on immigrants (or cheering his ability to actually stay with one task for one hour), press, pundits, and other politicians treated the omission as not even worthy of note. The Democratic response from Representative Joe Kennedy didn’t touch on global warming, either, though it did avoid Trump’s oddly intimate ode to “beautiful clean coal”. This means many things, but for climate campaigners one of them should be patently clear: if we’re going to make progress on climate change it’s not going to come through Washington DC – not any time soon. Even if Democrats manage to take back the House and Senate in the midterm elections, they wouldn’t be able to get meaningful legislation past Trump – and there’s nothing much to suggest they’d try very hard. Winning those elections is crucial in other ways – it will help the effort to play defense on issues including the environment – but since global warming is an immediate battle with enormous consequences, we dare not wait for Washington to return to sanity. And happily, we don’t have to. The strategy that’s been evolving for US climate action – and for action in many other parts of the planet – bypasses the central governments as much as possible. That’s because the oil industry is strongest in national capitols – that’s where its money is most toxically powerful. But if frontal attack is therefore hard, its flanks are wide open. Consider what happened in mid-January, for instance, when New York City declared war on the oil industry, pledging to divest its $200bn pension funds of fossil fuel stocks and announcing that it would sue the five biggest energy majors for the damage they knowingly inflicted by not ’fessing up to their knowledge of climate change. This fight is going aggressively local, and fastNew York City is not as big as the federal government, but it’s big enough: it’s got lawyers aplenty, and the resources to do real damage. And it won’t be alone. We’ve just launched a huge Fossil Free US campaign, designed to make sure there are a thousand New Yorks working on a thousand fronts. It has three main components.The first – joining in work pioneered by groups like the Sierra Club – is to persuade towns, cities, counties, and states to pledge to make the transition to 100% renewable energy. This is now easy and affordable enough that it doesn’t scare politicians – cities from San Diego to Atlanta have joined in, and they will help maintain the momentum towards clean energy that the Trump administration is trying so hard to blunt. Job two is to block new fossil fuel infrastructure. In some places, that will be by law: Portland, Oregon, recently passed a bill banning new pipes and such, over the strenuous objections of the industry. In other places it will take bodies – tens of thousands have already pledged to journey to the upper midwest if and when TransCanada decides to build out the Keystone XL pipeline that Trump has permitted. And third is to cut off the money that fuels this industry – by divestment, which has now begun to take a real and telling toll ($6tn worth of endowments and portfolios have joined the fight, and studies show it is cutting the capital companies need to keep exploring for oil we don’t), and by the kinds of lawsuits that New York, San Francisco and a host of other cities have already filed. Those actions keep the industry off balance, affecting its future plans and weakening its balance sheet even as solar and wind get cheaper all the time. If you want a shorthand version: Sun, Sit (in) and Sell/Sue. Yes, it would be easier if the country, and the planet, were acting together – if Washington were leading the fight the way the planet’s superpower obviously should. But since it isn’t, the pressure will find other outlets. This fight is going aggressively local, and fast.
143	3	Sky News host Rowan Dean says he was sickened by US Climate Envoy John Kerry “grovelling to the world” on climate change.Mr Kerry said the United States was humbled to be rejoining the Paris Climate Agreement after President Joe Biden overturned Donald Trump’s decision to leave the key global climate change agreement.Sky News host Rita Panahi said John Kerry was one of the “great climate hypocrites” given his ownership of a private jet and a “fleet of cars”.
269	3	The Australia Letter is a weekly newsletter from our Australia bureau. Sign up to get it by email. This week’s issue is written by Isabella Kwai, a reporter with the Australia bureau.The marchers in the climate change strikes gathered in tens of thousands last Friday; first here in this region, then the rest of the world as the earth spun. It heralded a week of intense scrutiny over climate change as the United Nations hosted its climate action summit and a grim report emerged warning that sea level rise is accelerating, putting low-level coastal cities at risk.For Australia, an island continent where over 80 percent of people live within 50 kilometers, or around 30 miles, of the coast, and the country’s way of life depends on the ocean, the implications are heavy. And yet, rather than debate the substance of the risks, we’ve instead seen an intense back and forth about who is carrying the message. With young people coming to the fore of the climate change movement in recent months, most notably the 16-year-old Swedish activist Greta Thunberg, some have wondered: are the kids alright? Much has been made by some commentators of the anxiety some children now feel. Adults, they argued, are poisoning children with panic. “I think we’ve got to caution against raising the anxieties of children in our country,” said Prime Minister Scott Morrison earlier this week.But is it really anxiety, or is it something else?It’s worth noting that climate change activism in young people is not new: as a teenager 10 years ago, I remember campaigns and flash mobs aimed at raising awareness. The fact that those protests led to so little change, especially in Australia, suggests that what’s bursting forth now is not so much anxiety as frustration and outrage. The dissonance between slow action by politicians and increasing urgency from scientists has meant that young people are not speaking in the language of anxiety as much as forceful anger. “You all came to us young people for hope,” Ms. Thunberg said, her voice emotional, in an instantly viral speech at the climate action summit. “How dare you? You have stolen my childhood and my dreams with your empty words — and yet I’m one of the lucky ones.”It was a sentiment found also in some of the young protesters here in Australia. “It’s unfair that we pretend we own the planet but we won’t take actual responsibility for any of the actions we’re having that are affecting other things that live here,” said Jemima Grimmer, 13, at the climate strike in Sydney last Friday. “I’m angry that I have to be here.”Mr. Morrison did not attend the climate action summit, or the protests he criticized. But in a speech to the United Nations on Wednesday, he said Australia was on track to surpass its Kyoto commitment by 2020 and was doing its part to address climate change. Children, he added, had a right to optimism.But again, we have to ask: Is optimism really the right emotion based on the facts at hand? The Climate Council said Australia’s targets were among the weakest of developed nations and that given greenhouse emissions have risen for the last four years, the government was trailing on the global stage, leaving local and state governments to take up the cause. (Something we’ll keep reporting on.)Mr. Morrison’s call for optimism also comes at a time when scientists are expressing even more urgency in their warnings about climate change — and as flooding, drought and bushfires have pushed Australia to the brink of a “penny-dropping moment” about climate change, said Amanda McKenzie, the chief executive of the Climate Council. “Perhaps children would feel more optimistic if he started to take the problem of climate change seriously,” Ms. McKenzie added.Over the last year, she said, concern has deepened: thousands of people have written in to the Climate Council asking,“what can I do?” For many, protesting is one of the answers. “Organizers estimated the turnout to be around four million in thousands of cities and towns worldwide,” we wrote in our front-page article about the global protests. “It was the first time that children and young people had demonstrated to demand climate action in so many places and in such numbers around the world.”So what comes next?Tell us, what emotion (or emotions) are you or your children feeling about climate change? And what if anything are you compelled to do about it? Write to us at nytaustralia@nytimes.com or join the discussion in our NYT Australia Facebook group.Tacey Rychter contributed reporting.The Concussion Crisis in Australian Rules Football: It’s a brutal game, and retired players are suffering the consequences of hits to the head. But the league is following a familiar playbook, one used by the N.F.L.Sydney Is for the Birds. The Bigger and Bolder, the Better: It’s easy to take Sydney’s still-growing population of large and colorful native birds for granted — it’s actually highly unusual. “It’s quite different in other cities around the world.” In a First for Australia, the Capital Legalizes Recreational Marijuana: The Australian Capital Territory on Wednesday became the first jurisdiction in the country to legalize the recreational possession and cultivation of cannabis. Facebook Tests Hiding ‘Likes’ on Social Media Posts: The social network, which has been under fire for extreme content on its site, said it was testing making Likes to posts private in Australia.To Feed a Hot Planet, They’re Making More Efficient Plants: Australian scientists are part of a worldwide effort to boost agricultural output to meet the growing global food demand.Australia’s Most Populous State Decriminalizes Abortion: The measure, which was approved in New South Wales after days of debate, overturned a 119-year-old law.Labradoodle Creator Says the Breed Is His Life’s Regret: The Australian dog breeder, who has been credited with sparking a crossbreeding frenzy resulting in cockapoos, shih poos and puggles, said the labradoodle was originally intended as a guide dog, not a fashion accessory.‘How Did We Miss Him?’: Student Death Prompts Inquiries in New Zealand: The body of a student was discovered Monday evening at a campus residence in Christchurch, reportedly weeks after his death.Opinion | Why a Trump Impeachment Should Terrify You: What’s just and what’s wise aren’t always the same, columnist Frank Bruni writes. Live Updates: Trump Impeachment Inquiry: A whistle-blower’s complaint accused President Trump of using his office to try to get Ukraine to help him in 2020. The acting intelligence chief told Congress that the controversy is “unprecedented.”What is Impeachment and How Would it Work? The inquiry into President Trump has the potential to reshape his presidency. Here’s an impeachment explainer.Jonathan Van Ness of ‘Queer Eye’ Comes Out: The reality-show star says he’s living with H.I.V., and speaks about being an addict and a sexual abuse survivor.Closing My Curtains for Xi Jinping and His Grand Parade: Beijing is banning kites and balloons as it celebrates the 70th birthday of modern China. I, too, would have to go, writes one China correspondent.The World’s Oceans Are in Danger, Major Climate Change Report Warns: Climate change is severely straining the world’s oceans, creating profound risks for coastal cities and food supplies, a U.N. report finds.She Quit Her Job. He Got Night Goggles. They Searched 57 Days for Their Dog: A couple combed a rural Montana community for their Border collie, Katie.Last week, our correspondent Jamie Tarabay wrote about how rugby became a touchstone for her while living abroad. Other readers felt the same way: “I was in Hong Kong watching the Rugby World Cup in 2003 with my son, then six years old. When Jonny Wilkinson kicked that drop goal in extra time to put England ahead, I jumped up, hands on my head, screamed: “Oh no!” I crashed back into the sofa and it smashed to pieces! We had to get a new sofa.Luckily the new sofa is much better quality and I’m sitting in it now as I watch Japan beat Russia in the opening game of the Rugby World Cup 2019. My son, now 22, thinks it’s All Blacks, England or South Africa. I like Oz …”— Peter ForsytheEnjoying the Australia Letter? Sign up here or forward to a friend.For more Australia coverage and discussion, start your day with your local Morning Briefing and join us in our Facebook group.
926	5	" Credits: NewshubThe new Climate Change Commissioner, former Reserve Bank Chair Dr Rod Carr, has the potential to drastically reshape greenhouse-gas emitting industries in New Zealand - if the Government allows it.The new Climate Change Commission will have the role of advising the Government and recommending carbon limits - just how much greenhouse gas can be pumped into the atmosphere.""We've just had the next bunch of grandchildren... they are going to live with the consequences of these choices,"" the former University of Canterbury vice-chancellor told Newshub.""That's a pretty compelling burden to carry, and we all carry it together.""Dr Carr said it is ""pretty clear that we have benefited enormously from harnessing fossil fuels to create an industrial society, which is unsustainable"".The Government's progress on climate change has been slow. The Zero Carbon Bill is not expected to pass until the end of the year, and activists are calling for a climate emergency to be declared.They've got global momentum. Swedish teenage climate activist Greta Thunberg joined marchers in South Dakota on Tuesday, and in London Extinction Rebellion protesters chained themselves to cars.But Dr Carr is not ready to make that ""emergency"" call just yet, telling Newshub: ""The first thing we have to do is set up the evidence-based budgets.""The Greens attempted and failed to get Parliament to declare an emergency in May, and have no immediate plans to try again.The Government also wants farmers to start paying for some of their emissions. It's consulting on how that would work, including the possibility of having producers like Fonterra enter the emissions trading scheme (ETS) before farmers pay at an individual level.Dr Carr says bringing farmers into the ETS before 2025 would need to be weighed up against the cost to the industry. ""There's no point in imposing a change which alienates those who must make the change.""The Climate Change Commission will make decisions that could dramatically reshape every greenhouse gas emitting industry in New Zealand, but it will only be as powerful as the Government allows it to be. Parliament will still have the say whether to act on its recommendations.""Of course Parliament remains sovereign,"" Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern said. ""We've set up the independent Climate Commission to give us advice.""Opposition leader Simon Bridges said the idea of an independent Climate Commission is something National has ""been on the record as supporting"".The UK has had a Climate Commission for 10 years now."
479	5	WASHINGTON — A federal report released on Tuesday found the Trump administration set a rock-bottom price on the damages done by greenhouse gas emissions, enabling the government to justify the costs of repealing or weakening dozens of climate change regulations.The report by the Government Accountability Office, Congress’s nonpartisan investigative arm, said the Trump administration estimated the harm that global warming will cause future generations to be seven times lower than previous federal estimates. Reducing that metric, known as the “social cost of carbon,” has helped the administration massage cost-benefit analyses, particularly for rules that allow power plants and automobiles to emit more planet-warming carbon dioxide.Critics described the Trump administration’s move as turning a deliberate blind eye to the dangers of climate change. Some critics likened it to President Trump downplaying the risks of the coronavirus, hoping it would “go away” but instead leaving the country unprepared for the pandemic.“Climate change is a massive threat to our economy. That threat will only grow in years to come, even if we take the action necessary to avoid the worst effects of climate change,” said Senator Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island, one of eight Democrats who requested the review.The White House did not respond to a request for comment on the report.Every ton of carbon dioxide released into the atmosphere imposes a cost on the economy, whether from damage to infrastructure from sea level rise and heat waves or harm to public health. But calculating the price of that damage has been economically challenging and politically contentious.Conservatives have argued that the valuation serves to make big energy projects look bad and lays the foundation for burdensome and costly industry regulations. Many Republicans said that the Obama administration’s estimates — which in 2016 determined the social cost of carbon to be about $50 a ton by 2020 — were unrealistic and intentionally onerous.The Trump administration has overhauled not just the regulations governing the economy but also the economic foundations that underpin those regulations. One of President Trump’s earliest moves was to order agencies to unwind Mr. Obama’s climate policies, and with them the social cost of carbon he had set.When the Trump administration put forward its own rules to regulate emissions from power plants and vehicles, it estimated the cost of climate damages between $1 and $7 per ton of carbon.The G.A.O. found the administration used two main avenues to push the numbers down. It only factored in damages that would occur within the United States rather than around the globe. It also used an economic calculation, known as the discount rate, in a way that assumes society should not pay much now to prevent harm from climate change to future generations.“As a result, the current federal estimates, based on domestic climate damages, are about seven times lower than the prior federal estimates that were based on global damages,” the report found.Michael Greenstone, an economist at the University of Chicago, said the Trump administration’s calculations were not done in good faith.“It was entirely a political act. I don’t think anyone pretended that those moves were justified,” he said.Some agencies have defended using the significantly lower figure by saying they are awaiting new federal estimates recommended by the National Academies of Sciences. But the White House disbanded the working group that was devising them and has acknowledged it actually has no plans to update the calculations.Without them, the G.A.O. found, the federal government “may not be well positioned to ensure agencies’ future regulatory analyses are using the best available science.”By 2050, under the estimates developed by the Obama administration, the social cost of carbon should be about $82 a ton, the report found. Under the Trump administration’s calculations, the damages would be around $11 a ton.“This really parallels the mismanagement of coronavirus,” said Michael K. Dorsey, a limited partner with IberSun, a renewable energy company, and a climate expert who has testified before Congress on the social cost of carbon. “There’s this belief that by doing this you will have some effect of helping the fossil fuel industry,” he said of the administration’s low carbon cost. “The only thing it does, unfortunately, is undermine the ability of the government to make prudent decisions about moving critical resources to communities that are experiencing the unfolding climate crisis.”
284	0	"It all began in July when Delaney received a private message on Twitter from ""Alex Lacusta,"" who introduced himself as an editor with Peace Data, an independent leftwing online magazine.The editor said he had seen some of Delaney's pieces on other independent, mostly left-leaning sites and wanted to offer him a regular, paid column. Delaney, who had lost his day-job at a restaurant early in the Covid-19 pandemic, thought this could be his big break. He began writing for the site, producing three articles over a few months for $100 a piece.His articles could have appeared on any independent leftwing site, with headlines including ""QAnon Is Meant to Spread Fascist Mythology and Distract From U.S. Failures"" and ""Overfunding of U.S. Military Is Driving Climate Change and White Supremacist Culture of War Crimes."" But Peace Data and ""Alex Lacusta"" were not what they presented themselves to be.On Tuesday, Facebook, acting on a tip from the FBI, said Peace Data was part of a covert Russian campaign — tied to the same Russian group that used social media to interfere in the 2016 US presidential election.In a post on the website after Facebook's announcement, Peace Data maintained it was an independent site and disputed the company's findings. The Russian government has not commented.The smiling man in Lacusta's profile picture on Twitter, the account that had offered Delaney work, did not exist, according to experts. Though realistic looking, the picture was computer-generated, using new artificial intelligence techniques. Peace Data had recruited and paid Americans to write stories on a host of issues, including American politics and racial inequality in the US.While it has a modern, digital twist, the scheme comes straight from a playbook Russia has been using since at least the Cold War: tap unwitting Americans to help highlight cracks in American society and elevate dissenting voices. It's all part of a campaign the US government says is designed to exacerbate divisions in American life. Delaney, and others like him, are by all accounts acting in good faith, simply writing articles and opinion pieces they would for any other outlet. Voices that challenge conventional wisdom are all good things, says Delaney, but not at the behest of a foreign (or any) government. The writer was shocked, appalled, and embarrassed on Tuesday when he came to the realization he had been co-opted by an apparent Russian influence operation.""I'm obviously no fan of Putin or the Russian government,"" he told CNN in an interview on Thursday. ""I don't want to have any association with an authoritarian regime.""Delaney wasn't the only one — some other Americans were also unwittingly coopted to write for the website.In 2016, the same Russian troll group that Facebook said was tied to Peace Data, ran a network of fake sites and social media accounts posing as everything from Black Lives Matter activists to pro-Second Amendment groups. CNN has previously documented how, as part of that effort, unwitting Americans were recruited to organize protests and stage stunts. Special Counsel Robert Mueller's investigation in 2018 identified the persona ""Alice Donovan"" as being run by the GRU, Russian military intelligence. The persona was used to plant articles in a real US publication, the independent leftwing magazine CounterPunch.CounterPunch's  managing editor Joshua Frank outlined at the time how his publication had been duped. And it appears CounterPunch remains a target of Russian influence operations.Frank shared emails with CNN this week that had been sent over the past few months to CounterPunch from ""Alex Lacusta.""The person posing as Lacusta pitched all three of Delaney's stories to CounterPunch, in an apparent attempt to have a real American publication publish Russian-commissioned pieces written by real Americans.""We would really appreciate if you could share this story on your platform. Looking forward to your reply and fruitful cooperation,"" one email read.CounterPunch did not run the pieces.Frank told CNN Wednesday, ""This sort of thing ultimately hurts real journalists caught up in it and independent media more broadly, especially outlets that are critical of the United States government, by casting doubt about our authenticity.""Delaney, meanwhile, is hoping he'll be able to find work with a genuine publication.""I'm more mad at myself for letting this happen than at Vladimir  Putin or Russia or anything like I should have, I should have my guard up a little bit more,"" he said."
889	4	" Encroaching desert and Boko Haram extremists. A punishing drought in Syria, pushing 1 million people to flee the countryside to cities already choked with war refugees. Scarce rains and sandstorms in China, forcing the country to import massive amounts of wheat…and sparking a spike in global prices that fed Egypt's 2011 revolution. Just weeks before a key climate change conference in Paris, experts and defense ministers from more than a dozen nations gathered Wednesday for a rare meeting in the French capital to confront the toxic effects of climate change on world security. ""Climate change is a threat to peace,"" said French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius, describing a world where floods, desertification and droughts will intensify conflicts over ever-scarcer resources and spark a massive wave of environmental refugees. The meeting included ministers from Chad, Niger, Haiti and the Seychelles, countries that are experiencing firsthand the threats and fallout of conflicts and climate-influenced catastrophes. Benjamin Bewa-Nyog Kunbuor, Ghana's defense minister, spoke of forests where he used to play as a child now reduced to desert, rivers drying up and the country's tree cover shrinking to just a fraction of its size compared with half a century ago. ""Terrorism is significant, but naked hunger is as significant as terrorism,"" he said. ""And the relationship between terrorist activities and naked hunger are obvious. If you look at the vectors of recruitment into terrorist cells, most of the most vulnerable are hunger-prone areas."" Scare resources Nearly 150 nations have pledged to curb greenhouse gas emissions ahead of December's climate change summit in Paris. If carried through, experts say those cuts could limit global warming to 3 degrees Celsius (5.4 degrees Fahrenheit) - 1 degree beyond the limit at which they warn the planet could face catastrophic weather events.Also addressing Wednesday's meeting at the Military School in Paris, Niger's Defense Minister Mahamadou Karidjo described the nexus between climate change and the tangle of militant groups threatening the country, including Boko Haram, al-Qaida and the ""Islamic State"" group. All are directly linked to ever-scarcer resources, he said, as a creeping desert and vanishing arable land threaten the lives of millions of people. The surface area of Lake Chad - a lifeline that provides water to the four Sahel countries it straddles, including Niger - has shrunk 90 percent from its size in 1962 due to drying conditions. Scarce water has helped to intensify poverty, poverty, hunger and insecurity, Karidjo said - making people living on its shores more vulnerable to Boko Haram extremists. ""The youth no longer listen to their parents. Increasingly, they become targets for Boko Haram terrorists,"" he said. ""They become drugged, indoctrinated and return to their own villages to sow terror and insecurity."" For his part, Defense Minister Lener Renauld of Haiti, which is threatened by massive deforestation and rising sea levels as temperatures warm, said he was convinced ""there's no plan B"" to fighting climate change. 'Urgent and growing threat' Even as experts say climate change is likely to intensify conflicts over increasingly scarce resources, they suggest mechanisms to fight global warming can help foster peace. ""Reducing our greenhouse gasses, developing renewable energy that's accessible to all countries, decarbonising our economies: engaging in energy transition is less a constraint than a chance to seize,"" said French Environment Minister Segolene Royal. Officials described Wednesday's meeting in Paris as a first, but it comes as security risks are being increasingly factored into the climate change debate. In July, a report by the US Defense Department called climate change an ""urgent and growing threat"" to national security, and this week NATO's parliament demanded stronger action by member states to tackle a warming planet. In France, EELV Green Party Senator Leila Aichi organized a meeting this week between top military brass and environmentalists. French defense officials are lagging behind the Pentagon in confronting the risks and implications of climate change, she said, but they're heading in the right direction. ""They're much more responsive on the question than politicians because they think in the long-term,"" she said. ""The army is also in much closer contact with nature."" But, she added, security risks are not fully factored into climate change talks taking place ahead the Paris summit. Nor has the French military formally incorporated climate change into its defense strategy. Olivier Dobbels, co-founder of Polarisk, a London-based consulting group that explores future risks in the Arctic and Antarctica, said he was doubtful about the military's ability to provide answers to climate change. ""They're prepared from an operational standpoint,"" Dobbels said, drawing parallels between the military's response to climate change and peacekeeping operations in Africa and elsewhere. ""Peace enforcement, civilian protection, yes. But from a strategic standpoint, they don't have a strategy to bring solutions to climate change."""
951	4	It’s been a long time coming, but some Republicans seem to have finally gotten serious about climate change. In June, a handful of senators rolled out a bipartisan climate change bill. It is co-sponsored by Debbie Stabenow, Democrat of Michigan, and Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina.The bill, the Growing Climate Solutions Act, makes it easier to pay farmers to capture carbon. It is the latest in a series of actions Republicans have taken in the past year to combat climate change.In March, Kevin McCarthy, the House minority leader, unveiled the first in a series of three original proposals to help slow the earth’s warming. The bills aim to help cut emissions by expanding a tax credit for carbon-capture technology and draw on federal funds for research and development.With a growing majority of Americans concerned about the effects of climate change — 67 percent say the government isn’t doing enough to combat it — Republicans may have had a politically expedient change of heart. Better late than never. The latest legislation offers the parties a common ground where meaningful change can flourish.As a conservative Christian environmentalist, I’ve witnessed how the Republican base of Christian voters has helped push its leaders in this direction. The faith-based world is an overlooked source of activism for climate policy. When it comes to theology, a growing number of them are taking the Bible’s Genesis call to care for Creation very seriously, and younger Christians increasingly seek policies that speak to this. Republicans have cultivated options that don’t negate the conservative values they hold dear.Mr. McCarthy’s approach bypasses government mandates and regulations. Instead, it focuses on clean energy, carbon capture and conservation. Conservatives have historically opposed expensive, large-scale federal policy, but these innovative solutions provide tangible steps without sacrificing conservative principles. This is the Republican Party’s bread and butter: creative concepts that don’t require significant mandates or regulations to meet societal needs.Other Republicans have followed in his footsteps. This summer, Senator Mike Braun of Indiana joined Mr. Graham on the Growing Climate Solutions Act, and Senator Lisa Murkoswki of Alaska offered a bipartisan bill (with Sheldon Whitehouse, Democrat of Rhode Island) addressing the impact of oceans in capturing carbon. These proposals come as hunting and fishing groups rally Congress to pursue bipartisan efforts that can pass the House and the Senate.There is also an opportunity for new partnerships, both with younger Republicans and Christian communities engaged in the climate fight. Because about 80 percent of Republicans identify as Christian, political focus on climate policy will draw new interest from this characteristically passionate, activated group.“By focusing on mobilizing Christians on this issue, other Christians will begin to see people like them engaging, and begin to recognize themselves in that movement,” said Kyle Meyaard-Schaap, a representative for Young Evangelicals for Climate Action, in a phone interview.Most churchgoing Christians view scripture as holy. Therefore, earthcare becomes a sacred act of worship. For the younger generation, environmental responsibility and combating climate change is both personal and spiritual.“We, as Christians, have a responsibility to steward the earth we’ve been given, and we can’t do that without practical solutions,” Bethany Bowra, a conservative Christian in her 20s, wrote in an email. “God gave us a beautiful world that reflects Him at every turn, and my faith plays a role in the way I view our responsibility to engage on environmental issues.”Young Evangelicals for Climate Action is just one of a growing number of faith-based organizations focused on the environment. Interfaith Power and Light exists to mobilize “a religious response to global warming,” and the Evangelical Environmental Network aims to “to be faithful stewards of God’s provision.”Later this year, a Creation Care Prayer Breakfast, hosted by a group of evangelical environmental organizations, is scheduled to take place in Washington and feature a keynote address from Walter Kim, the president of the National Association of Evangelicals.The Yale Program on Climate Change Communication concluded that Christians cite “protecting God’s creation” as their primary concern. They also found that presenting environmental concerns in a biblical, “stewardship frame” revealed “significant increases in pro-environmental and climate change beliefs.”Not everyone is welcoming of the conservative plans for the environment. A writer at The New Republic called Mr. McCarthy’s approach “a package only a fossil fuel executive could love.” The Sierra Club balked at a proposal from the Trump administration related to logging, denouncing it as “cynical exploitation” and “greenwashing.”A purity standard on climate action may lead only to more gridlock. Progressive climate activists might consider the upside of these new Republican policies: They give environmentalists an “in” with churchgoers, who are a very powerfully activated demographic. And it’s something Joe Biden and his Democratic colleagues could work with if they take the presidency in November.It might be difficult for progressives to believe in the environmental transformation of Republicans or the religious. Indeed, conservatives have generally shunned taking action on climate change. But that is changing. In 2019, Senator Graham said Republicans needed to “up our game” on climate change, and the party didn’t wait long to move on that.If polling on what Americans care about is any measure, they won’t be letting up the fight for conservative climate change policy anytime soon. It demonstrates that a vocal group of concerned citizens really can lead their political leaders on the issues they care about.Democrats have led the way on environmental policy issues before this, but it’s time for a longer table. Friends from the other side of the aisle are asking to join.Ericka Andersen (@ErickaAndersen), a freelance writer in Indianapolis, worked in communications for National Review, the Heritage Foundation and, from 2009-11, the Republican House Conference.The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.
294	5	The United Nation’s latest report on climate change, published on October 10, was yet another warning about the reality the world will soon be facing if we don’t very rapidly switch to renewable energy.The United Nations’ Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) has warned that global warming is set to exceed the Paris agreement’s 1.5C limit by 2040, with catastrophic consequences. The report emphasised that “small island states and economically disadvantaged populations are particularly at risk”.Scattered across the Indian Ocean, Pacific, Mediterranean, Caribbean and the South China Sea, more than 48 island nations are at risk globally. And one of these nations at risk is my home country, the Maldives, which is made up of 12,000 coral islands stretching across the equator in the Indian Ocean.A couple of months ago, I went to Thulhaadhoo, a Maldivian island where I spent many of my school vacations, with my six-year-old son and dozens of relatives. During our journey to the island, the sea was relatively rough, though we did, briefly, have an escort of dolphins swimming alongside us. As we approached Thulhaadhoo, I was happy to see the turquoise blue lagoon, white sandy beaches, and lush green trees that I remembered from my childhood. Relatives and close friends were gathered at the jetty to welcome us. We spent the next few days visiting old friends, teaching my son how to fish, snorkelling, and island-hopping to nearby uninhabited islands where my parents took us as kids. Nights were spent sitting on the “joli”, traditional chairs made of coconut husks, chatting with family and friends. All of it was a reminder of the island life we dearly treasure. But amid this island bliss, my thoughts were often interrupted with anxiety about what lurks around the corner, threatening our homes.Like many others, this island – indeed, an entire culture – is threatened by climate change.Next to Thulhaadhoo is my grandfather’s island, Hithaadhoo, which is experiencing severe beach erosion and a freshwater aquifer contaminated with salt water due to climate change. Some of the reefs around another island, Muthaafushi, that were once bustling with life are already dead.Yet, people living here haven’t given up hope. They stack sandbags to protect their homes from the tidal waves that are becoming more frequent. They are also trying to harvest rainwater, although this is becoming a less reliable water source as monsoons are getting more unpredictable.Alongside these practical efforts by locals, we are also working tirelessly to persuade the international community to help us preserve our country, adapt to the challenges we face and take ambitious emission reduction measures to combat climate change. If urgent, dramatic action is not taken our islands will disappear. The current rate of global warming could raise sea levels by several metres over the coming century, according to a paper published in 2016 by James Hansen, the former NASA scientist who is considered to be the father of modern climate change awareness.Many low-lying island nations and coastal communities are already experiencing the slow-onset impacts of climate change, ranging from land loss due to beach erosion, saltwater contamination of freshwater supplies, and challenges to agriculture, commercial fisheries and infrastructure which are forcing people to move. For some, this may mean moving to a place at a higher elevation within the same country. But for others, including us in the Maldives, it means we will lose our homes, identity, our culture, our islands, and our country.The Paris Accord set an aspirational goal of limiting the temperature rise to 1.5 degrees which is necessary for small island states to survive, but that goal is getting harder and harder to reach every passing hour. According to the new IPCC report, we will soon cross a point of no return, following which it will be impossible to keep the earth’s temperature from rising above two degrees. These may seem like only numbers or benchmarks to most, but to those who are in danger of losing their country because of climate change, they represent an existential threat.However, there is hope. Remarkable gains have been made in renewable and clean energy technology. Innovative finance mechanisms have been created to fight climate change. Nevertheless, all this is not enough. We need political will, not just know-how, to win this race against time. The IPCC report also says if the global community doesn’t transition to clean energy sources by 2030, growing the share of renewables by two percent a year, we will be on an irreversible trajectory that will see the temperatures rise beyond two degrees. The transition to renewables will have to be even faster if we are to keep to only a 1.5-degree increase in temperature. This is what we need to do to ensure the survival of small island states like mine and avoid the displacement of millions of people.All peoples of the world, including the peoples of Thulhaadhoo, Hithaadhoo, and every single island in the Maldives are entitled to a dignified life. This is a right guaranteed under the Universal Declaration of Human Rights to all peoples of the world – big and small, rich and poor including those of island nations. Climate change is a fundamental threat to that right for many. It is heartening to know that we have a window of opportunity to avert climate disaster and save the lives and homes of millions of people. But at the same time, it’s heartbreaking to see that chances of success are slim, time is limited and the action needed increasingly dramatic. Millions of people across the world, many of whom will be affected by the detrimental effects of global warming, are passionate about climate change awareness and prevention, but their leaders and governments we have failed to reflect that passion to their actions. We need to make climate change an election issue and we need grassroots organizations to put pressure on politicians to do that. I want to be able to keep taking my son, and one day my grandchildren, to where I grew up and to where my grandparents’ graves are. I want my son and his future children to have the chance to enjoy our beautiful country.It is not too late. But we need to take action now. The views expressed in this article are the author’s own and do not necessarily reflect Al Jazeera’s editorial stance.
950	4	The world’s run of record-breaking hottest years is extremely unlikely to have happened without the global warming caused by human activities, according to new calculations.Thirteen of the 15 hottest years in the 150-year-long record occurred between 2000-14 and the researchers found there is a just a 0.01% chance that this happened due to natural variations in the planet’s climate.2015 was revealed to have smashed all earlier records on Wednesday, after the new study had been completed, meaning the odds that the record run of heat is a fluke are now even lower.“Natural climate variations just can’t explain the observed recent global heat records, but manmade global warming can,” said Prof Stefan Rahmstorf, at the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research in Germany and one of the research team.He said the record heat brought substantial impacts: “It has led to unprecedented local heatwaves across the world, sadly resulting in loss of life and aggravating droughts and wildfires. The risk of heat extremes has been multiplied due to our interference with the Earth system, as our analysis shows.”The UN World Meteorological Organization (WMO) confirmed on Monday that the global average surface temperature in 2015 shattered all previous records and said 15 of the 16 hottest years on record have all occurred since 2000. “We have reached for the first time the threshold of 1C above pre-industrial temperatures. It is a sobering moment in the history of our planet,” said WMO secretary-general Petteri Taalas. The new research by Rahmstorf and colleagues, published in the journal Scientific Reports, is based on a statistical analysis that combines real-world measurements with comprehensive computer simulations of the climate system. This allowed natural climate variability to be better separated from human-caused climate change. The results did not vary significantly when UK Met Office temperature data was used instead of Nasa data.The research was prompted by earlier claims that the run of record-breaking years was vanishing unlikely, a one in 650m shot, according to one report.However, the average global surface temperature of the planet each year is influenced by the warmth of the previous year, meaning that a record broken one year is not independent of the year before. The UK Met Office expects 2016 to break the record set in 2015, partly because of the continuing El Niño weather phenomenon.“Natural climate variability causes temperatures to wax and wane over a period of several years, rather than varying erratically from one year to the next,” said Prof Michael Mann at Penn State university in the US, who led the new study. “That makes it more challenging to accurately assess the likelihood of temperature records. Given the press interest, it seemed important to do this right, and address the interesting and worthwhile question of how unlikely it is that the recent run of record temperatures might have arisen by chance alone.”The study concludes: “While considerably greater than cited in some media reports, the odds are low enough to suggest that recent observed runs of record temperatures are extremely unlikely to have occurred in the absence of human-caused global warming.”In 2013, the UN’s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change concluded with 95% certainty that humans are the main cause of global warming.
13	3	COMMENT:Your planet needs you.We must do better. Recycle more. Take public transport. Use hemp bags when we go shopping. Drive less. Have fewer children. Buy electric cars. Haven't you heard? Climate change is our nuclear-free moment!All of these platitudes are lovely but until we understand that an economic model of capitalism actually provides incentives to pollute, not much is going to change. Over 70 per cent of all harmful emissions worldwide come from just 100 fossil fuel companiesA report released two months ago by the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) said that as a planet we have just 12 years to keep climate change to only a fairly terrible level instead of a calamitous one.Just a few weeks later and the IPCC report was backed up by a study put together by several US federal agencies. That report was biblical in its forecasts, with literal famine and pestilence a by-product of climate change.The 2016 Paris Agreement committed most of the world's countries to enacting policies that would reduce emissions and keep the temperature increase to 1.5 degrees - 2oc above the pre-industrial revolution temperature. Two years later and C02 emissions are increasing for the first time since 2014. Nailed it guys.So with this in mind we should be super grateful to the good folks managing Countdown. It became the first supermarket chain in New Zealand to stop using single-use plastic carrier bags. Thanks Countdown! And in August this year the Government announced that New Zealand as a whole would be phasing out this scourge of the environment throughout the nation. It was the single most common thing that children wrote to Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern about she said. Let's do this!Except, what are we actually doing? We're shovelling the burden of responsibility onto the individual consumer for something that is not their responsibility. Sure, it's definitely better to phase out something like single-use plastic carrier bags, but let's not pretend it's some environmental panacea.And for people who are struggling financially, those single-use bags are actually multi-use bags. They're rubbish bin liners, lunch boxes and school bags. So now with those bags being phased out we're placing a burden of cost onto poorer people to help clean up the environment.Under capitalism, the private sector own the means of production and it is very much driven by profit. Economists say that cost is a great incentive for all sorts of behaviours, however it seems that fear of a destroyed earth is not, so let's make it more expensive to live in a way that could damage the environment.Great idea, Dave! Let's do that! Except can we maybe reprioritise it a bit? How about, instead of the people who contribute next to nothing to climate change - the family of four who shop at Countdown and now have to spend money on shopping bags - we get to the heart of the problem.Those 100 fossil fuel companies that are responsible for nearly three quarters of all harmful emissions became aware of the risks of human induced climate change all the way back in the 1950s. They chose to do nothing.Actually that's not true, they did do something. They organised strategic disinformation campaigns that delayed any effective policy response or decarbonisation for at least three decades. They set out to actively mislead so they could continue to pollute knowing they were inflicting massive harm onto the planet. Nice work big corporate. You guys are tops!And not only that, but fossil fuels enjoy some serious subsidies. An IMF paper in 2015 estimated that these subsidies amounted to US$4.9 trillion - just a casual 6.5 per cent of global GDP.On the flipside, 3.5 billion people worldwide have contributed just 10% of the emissions due to individual consumption. That's nearly half the world's population responsible for a tenth of the problem.When your primary driver is money - which for these huge multinational fossil fuel companies it is - there is a stronger incentive to pollute and get bigger profits than not pollute and have reduced profits. We've chosen money over existence.The immediate solution is to make it incredibly expensive for these polluters to pollute - there's a growing world-wide movement in support of a carbon tax, which was actually proposed by Helen Clark's Labour Government in 2005, however its coalition partners, New Zealand First and United Future, nixed it. Cool.But of course a Carbon Tax would just get passed onto the consumer via higher costs they say, making it a regressive tax disproportionately hurting lower-income families. You know, like making them spend money on shopping bags, or putting up the tax on petrol. So instead we'll make the people think it's their fault, all the while big business gets away with it. We are Nero. We fiddle as the world literally burns.
705	4	"The world's getting hotter, the sea's rising and there's increasing evidence neither are naturally occurring phenomena.So says a report from the U.N. International Panel on Climate Change, a document released every six years that is considered the benchmark on the topic. More than 800 authors and 50 editors from dozens of countries took part in its creation. The summary for policymakers was released early Friday, while the full report, which bills itself as ""a comprehensive assessment of the physical science basis of climate change,"" will be distributed Monday. Other reports, including those dealing with vulnerability and mitigation, will be released next year.Here are the highlights from Friday's summary:Man-made climate change is almost certainClimate scientists are 95% confident -- that is to say, surer than ever -- that humans are responsible for at least ""half of the observed increase in global average surface temperatures since the 1950s.""This is the major headline from the report, as it marks a stark spike in confidence over the last 12 years, as scientists were 90% confident in 2007 and 66% confident in 2001 of the same conclusion.An increase in carbon dioxide concentrations that is ""unprecedented"" in the last 20,000 years, along with increases in other emissions, have driven up average temperatures by about 0.6 degrees Celsius (1 degree Fahrenheit) since 1950, the report states. Worst-case predictions are that by 2100, temperatures could increase by as much as 3.7 degrees Celsius (6.6 Fahrenheit), the report says.Climate change is already affecting extreme weatherSince 1950 we've seen a dramatic increase in extreme weather. This is especially true of record heat and heavier precipitation events.While it's difficult to determine the exact role climate change plays in an individual event, such as Hurricane Sandy or the EF-5 tornado that struck Moore, Oklahoma, because there are so many ingredients necessary to brew a single storm, the links are clearer when you look at overall patterns. According to a study released this month in the Bulletin of the American Meteorological Society, scientists found strong links between global warming and extreme weather around the globe in 2012. Among the 2012 events were the July heat wave in the northeastern and north-central United States, the spring heat wave in the eastern United States, the Great Plains drought, the winter drought in Spain and Portugal and the heavy rains and flooding in Europe.According to a paper in the journal Nature, this year, weather events that have previously been classified as ""storms of the century"" could become the storm of ""every 20 years or less.""""Climate change will probably increase storm intensity and size simultaneously, resulting in a significant intensification of storm surges,"" the paper said. The last 30-year period is ""very likely"" the warmest in the last 800 yearsScientists are 90% sure that 1981-2010 was the warmest such span in the last eight centuries, and there's a 66% chance that it was the warmest 30-year period in the last 1,400 years. While the last 15 years have not warmed as quickly, we've seen steady warming over most of the globe, and we haven't seen a below-average temperature month since February 1985. Scientists are also 99% certain that we will see more hot days and nights -- and fewer chilly ones -- as the 21st century progresses. ""Each of the last three decades has been significantly warmer than all preceding decades since 1850,"" according to the IPCC report.To give you an idea of how the Earth has heated up, the combined land and ocean temperature increased by about 0.8 degrees Celsius between 1901 and 2010, yet between 1979 and 2010, the temperature spiked about 0.5 degrees Celsius. Sea level rise will increase due to warming oceans and loss of iceBetter climate models give scientists more confidence that sea level rise will accelerate in the 21st century.Scientists are 99% sure that sea level rise has accelerated over the last 2 centuries at a rate higher than at any time in the last 2,000 years.  They're also highly confident that if the global surface temperature increases by more than 2 degrees Celsius over present temperatures we could see ""a nearly ice-free Arctic Ocean in late summer.""The report further notes that there is increasing evidence that ice sheets are losing mass, glaciers are shrinking, Arctic sea ice cover is diminishing, snow cover is decreasing and permafrost is thawing in the Northern Hemisphere. As for the rise in sea level, scientists asserted in the IPCC report that tide gauges and satellite data make it ""unequivocal"" that the world's mean sea level is on the upswing.Even if we end emission tomorrow, climate change could continue for centuriesThis may be one of the more harrowing findings in the report, as it suggests we're too far gone to effect any meaningful change in our lifetimes. Even if we end carbon dioxide emissions today, effects could linger for hundreds, if not thousands, of years. And certain changes may already be irreversible.""Many aspects of climate change will persist for centuries even if concentrations of greenhouse gases are stabilized. This represents a multicentury commitment created by human activities today,"" the report states."
515	5	"Photo / FileSetting stringent climate change targets without understanding their cost or feasibility risks placing an unfair burden on some sectors, climate change professor David Frame says.Moving New Zealand to a net-zero carbon economy will have benefits but also real costs and it is important both are shared across the community.That will probably require creative approaches from region to region and from sector to sector, he said at the New Zealand Minerals Forum in Dunedin last week.Policymakers need to focus on emissions - rather than the resources they come from - and find a way to broaden the discussion beyond electorally-easy targets like heavy industry and coal.Agriculture also receives a lot of pressure that ""isn't really justified,"" he said.""I think they've got the process wrong,"" Frame said in a panel discussion on coal use and climate change.""Making a big ask is a good way of interrogating good questions, but I also think choosing things that are feasible and that have public support over many decades is really important,"" he said by video link from Wellington.""The setting of stringent targets before we have really investigated much in the mitigation potential, or figuring out paths for sectors, is a wrong-headed way of approaching the problem.""We should have had a much better idea of what is possible before we start making very strong promises.""READ MORE• Converting farmland to forestry will 'impact all rural areas'• Comment: Climate change - it's fossil fuels not farming that's the problemThe government has introduced its Zero Carbon legislation to parliament but may struggle to advance it.National believes the methane targets - seeking a 10 per cent reduction by 2030 and at least a 24 per cent reduction by 2050 - are too severe and should have been left to the yet-to-be-formed Climate Change Commission to advise on.The government is also yet to respond to the advice of the Interim Climate Change Committee on how agriculture should be treated in the emissions trading scheme and how the government's 100 per cent renewable electricity target should be advanced.The group's April report is yet to be released, but the committee believed the 100 per cent target was unnecessarily expensive when the sector was already on track for 90 per cent-plus renewable generation.It also favoured an interim levy be placed on agricultural processors while a system of farm environment plan targets was established, possibly also levy-based rather than operating through the ETS.Early last month, the committee told the government it will start preparing ""high-quality and credible"" emissions budgets the commission can pick up.They will be built up at a sectoral and economy-wide level and its priority will be on land use and transport, given they make up about 70 per cent of the country's gross emissions.Frame, based at Victoria University's school of geography, environment and earth sciences, noted that some of the focus on agricultural emissions seems to be driven more by a desire for ""victory over the dairy farmers"" than sensible climate policy.In terms of priority, he said he would be more focused on reducing emissions from dairy processing than reducing the national herd.Frame said that, globally, coal contributes a lot to climate change and that means users here will remain under political and social pressure to stop.He doesn't see much of a future for coal unless users can reduce their emissions by using biomass or carbon capture and storage.But he says there needs to be a greater focus on transport here, even though that will be politically harder than letting voters point the finger at other ""upstream"" players like coal mining, oil and gas, or steel making.""Going after our transport emissions - which are a real problem, a bigger problem than just about any other sector in my view - on the other hand would annoy voters and that would struggle to get electoral support. But it's really important that we do that.""Fonterra energy manager Tony Oosten told the panel that electrification of cheese plants is relatively easy given their lower heat requirements and that blending coal and wood waste is a viable way to reduce emissions at milk powder plants.But he said there may need to be a national plan for wood stocks given a large dairy plant could consume all the available wood waste in a region and would be competing with existing users like board makers.Pioneer Energy, which operates hydro dams, windfarms and uses coal and wood blends at its industrial heat plants, said coal was likely to be needed for another 20 years.It may be possible to replace 10 per cent of the coal use on the South Island - where there is no piped gas supply - within 10 to 15 years, chief executive Fraser Jonker said.John Kidd, head of research at energy consultancy Enerlytica, warned that people seem to have lost sight of the industries that would shut if carbon prices rose high enough to deliver projected ""hockey stick"" growth in electrification of transport and industry.The country doesn't have to operate an aluminium smelter, a methanol plant, a steel mill, or an oil refinery, and could import their products instead.""If they are no longer economic here then we will achieve our carbon objectives, but the economic price for that will be enormous,"" he said. ""Be careful what you wish for."""
751	5	"I'm scared. For 15 years I've watched international progress on climate change get slower and slower, even while the pace of global warming seems to get ever more rapid. With time running out for the global climate, your meeting in Montreal represents a last chance for action. Here are a few suggestions I would urge you to consider as you gather to debate the future of the planet.BE AFRAIDAs the politicians dither, whole nations and ecosystems are shifting from the ""still time"" file to the ""too late"" file as vital climatic tipping points are crossed. There's now a good chance that 2005 will beat 1998 as the warmest year on record, the high temperatures undeniably giving a boost to the devastating hurricanes that battered the US coast this summer. With northern polar sea ice also declining to record lows this year, it looks too as if some kind of polar tipping point has already been crossed, making further rapid Arctic warming unstoppable.TWO DEGREES IS 'DANGEROUS'Agree first principles. The 1992 UN Framework Convention on Climate Change, father to Kyoto, stated the need to avoid ""dangerous anthropogenic interference with the climate system"". No one made it clear what this might mean. Now is the time for you to agree on what constitutes ""dangerous"". In my opinion, this means raising the planet's temperature past two degrees above pre-industrial levels. In order to avoid crossing this critical threshold, you must agree to stabilise concentrations of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere at 400 parts per million, giving us only a decade before time runs out.Cross the two degrees threshold, and we'll likely lose the Greenland ice sheet - flooding coastal cities across the world - as well as coral reefs, the Amazon rainforest, and many of the world's major breadbaskets, as deserts sweep across continental interiors.WE NEED GLOBAL EQUALITYRead our full mailing list consent terms hereRead our full mailing list consent terms hereGlobal temperatures will rocket past the two degrees limit unless rapidly developing nations such as Brazil, India and China agree to their own emissions targets, just as industrialised nations have done for Kyoto's first phase (due to end in 2012). In order to get the developing world to come to the table, rich countries' governments must offer a reasonable deal. Poor countries must be able to grow as rich countries contract towards a common goal of per capita emissions equality between nations. This is the contraction and convergence principle, surely the basic starting point for any post-2012 framework.BOYCOTT AMERICAHaving refused to ratify Kyoto, America will be officially exiled to the sidelines in Montreal, giving it much less power to subvert and undermine the negotiations than has been the case in past years. But expect to see representatives from the American delegation huddled in corners with the Chinese and Indians, gently urging them not to agree to European suggestions that it is now time for developing countries to consider taking on their own post-Kyoto targets.Don't listen to them. Instead, give the Americans an ultimatum: either they agree to rejoin the Kyoto process and cut their own emissions or face ostracism from the world community. Countries that have taken on emissions cuts can't afford to see their efforts undermined by free-riders like the US, so it's time to consider economic and trade sanctions if the US won't play fair. This also goes for Australia, which follows America's lead on global warming.COMPENSATE CLIMATE VICTIMSSerious cash needs to be put aside for an adaptation fund to compensate countries and regions left uninhabitable by global warming. This will include atoll nations such as Tuvalu, soon to be flooded by sea-level rise, and drought-stricken areas such as northern China, where hundreds of thousands of people are already environmental refugees.If you had met Ye Yinxin, the only remaining inhabitant of what is now a crumbling ghost town in Gansu province, northern China, you would see the importance of this. I met Ye while researching my book High Tide. Ye's life is a solitary one of fetching brackish water for her few animals and trying to scratch a living from the sandy soil.Spending all day alone in her abandoned village, she has plenty of time to remember the better years gone by, when neighbours would gather to swap stories - before the weather changed and drought reigned supreme. Minutes after I left her one-room, mud-brick house, a terrible dust storm turned day into twilight as blood-red clouds swept overhead. There's no compensation fund to pay Ye or her displaced fellow villagers for the climatic ravages they've already suffered.Also in line for compensation will be water-stressed countries such as Peru. When I visited in 2002, I was armed with pictures of how the glaciers of the Andes had looked when my geologist father worked in them, in 1980. To my surprise and shock, entire glaciers have already disappeared, in the space of just two decades. Peru's glaciers aren't just beautiful to look at: they're crucial natural reservoirs keeping rivers running all year round to the arid Pacific coast where most of the country's population lives. Once the glaciers disappear from entire mountain ranges, millions of people face the loss of their freshwater supplies. This situation is replicated across Asia, where rivers originating in the Himalayas also face the loss of glacial-origin water.PUT YOUR OWN HOUSES IN ORDERThe EU and other Kyoto-ratifying countries need to get their act together and ensure they actually meet the protocol's targets. It's no good being self-righteous about the Bush administration while doing precious little at home to cut emissions. The EU, Canada and Japan are on course to miss their targets.Margaret Beckett announced recently, without a trace of shame, that Britain wouldn't meet its self-declared target of cutting carbon dioxide emissions by 20 per cent by 2010. Then Tony Blair, the man who has done so much to put climate change on the international agenda, seemed to stab Kyoto in the back by questioning whether setting targets for greenhouse gas emissions is any longer the best way forward.And as if to emphasise our Government's moral collapse on the climate change issue, the UK is now taking the EU to court in order to force it to allow an extra 20 million tonnes of CO2 emissions from British industry. This is all the more disappointing, given that the UK has presidency of the EU at the moment and therefore leads the powerful European delegation. Unfortunately, it looks as if the tough and visionary leadership we need in Montreal may have to come from elsewhere.LISTEN TO THE PROTESTSListen to the noise on the streets outside your tightly sealed conference centre and hotel rooms. All over the world people are mobilising to demand stronger action from governments on climate change. Rather than feeling scared and despairing about global warming, people are getting angry about the lack of progress we've seen over 15 years of lengthy negotiations.Major demonstrations are planned everywhere from Istanbul to Moscow on 3 December. In London, thousands are expected to attend a Campaign Against Climate Change march, via Downing Street to the American Embassy, making it the biggest climate change demonstration ever on British soil.The marchers will demand leadership from the politicians on what is increasingly acknowledged as being a survival challenge to the entire human species. The protesters will want to see action. Now is the time to deliver."
356	4	"Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern used her moment on the world stage to ask world leaders to join New Zealand in reducing the impacts of climate change.Speaking at Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) in Vietnam, Ms Ardern said climate change was ""the biggest challenge of our generation"" and said she wanted to take politics out of the issue.""It is my responsibility to take a lead role on climate change,"" she said. ""My challenge to you all is to join us on that journey and leave a legacy we can all be proud of,"" she said.Ms Ardern said while there would be trade-off for all, ""we owe it to ourselves, our children and future generations"" to mitigate the effects of climate change.She offered a few concrete examples of the new Government's plans, including a phase-out of fossil fuel subsidies, eliminating fishery subsidies and planting trees on ""marginal land"". Labour's list of 100-day priorities includes just one climate-related goal - a target of zero-carbon net emissions and the establishment of an independent climate commission.But several other environment-focused goals form part of Labour's confidence-and-supply arrangement with the Greens and its coalition deal with New Zealand First, including a requirement that all new legislation have a climate-impact assessment and the creation of a Government-backed Green Investment Fund.Ms Ardern said Governments were limited in the impact they could have without bringing society on board."
121	0	Three climate change protestors have been denied bail after pleading not guilty to charges over their alleged involvement in obstructing trains in central London.More than 400 arrests have been made, with the group 'Extinction Rebellion' leading a campaign of what it calls 'non-violent civil disobedience'.The group is calling for the government to bring in legislation to reduce carbon emissions to zero by 2025.
621	4	Thousands of students have staged a huge protest on the doorstep of New Zealand's Parliament House, demanding action on climate change.It's one of more than 30 events taking place around the country as part of the global Strike 4 Climate campaign.
909	4	"WATCH: As Dairy NZ's Tim Mackle explains, the Owl Farm farm project is helping dairy farmers address issues around climate change.  Credits: Video: Newshub  Image: GettyNew research shows farmers are focused on sustainability and the impacts of climate change more than ever.The research is from a survey by Nielsen Research, commissioned by the Ministry for Primary Industries through the Sustainable Land Management and Climate Change Research programme.The results show that 92 percent of farmers are focused on making their farm more environmentally sustainable, up from 78 percent in the last survey of 2009.Agriculture Minister Damien O'Connor said the result was heartening.""Some of the specific actions farmers mentioned were riparian/shelter planting, waterway control, improved fertiliser management and more efficient irrigation systems,"" he said.""This gives us a really valuable understanding of what is front of mind for farmers,"" said O'Connor.He said it was however, slightly disheartening that only 23 percent of farmers anticipate an increased focus on reducing their greenhouse gas emissions in the next five years.""That us something for us all to work on.""Minister for Climate Change James Shaw said that the results of the survey are consistent with expectations.""The survey shows that farmers have a better understanding of what they are able to do on-farm to be more environmentally sustainable, with the exception of greenhouse gas emissions reduction  an area where we know farmers feel they need more information and advice,"" he said.He said a Biological Emissions Reference Group (BERG) report suggested that there were a number of solutions emerging, but that the situation varies from farm-to-farm, so solutions need to be tailored.""That's why we are now investing in developing that advice and integrated farm planning tools,"" Shaw said. ""We need to support farmers and growers to transition to sustainable land-use through planning and informed decision-making.""-92 percent of farmers focus on making their farms more environmentally sustainable. Specific actions mentioned show an increase, notably riparian/shelter planting, waterway control, improved fertiliser management and more efficient irrigation systems (up from 78 percent in 2009).- 63 percent of farmers express interest in further information or advice about improving resilience to climate change. Managing severe weather events such as droughts, floods, and harsh winters is most commonly mentioned.- Half of farmers think their farm and business is moderately or majorly impacted by current climate or severe weather patterns  this has not changed since 2009 (52 percent vs 51 percent). But the proportion of farmers reporting no impact at all has halved, from 19% to 10%.-59 percent anticipate a moderate or major impact over the next 20 years.-46 percent saying that clear government policy guidelines will help them take action.-27 pecent of farmers have placed a moderate or major focus on reducing their GHG emissions in the past 5 years (compared with 31 percent doing so in 2009).    -46 percent of farmers have actively sought information about land management practices or climate change issues in the last 12 months than in 2009 (down from 62 percent).  -58 percent said financial assistance, incentives or subsidies are most likely to encourage action to make their farms more environmentally sustainable. Seeing initiatives work on other farms/businesses similar to theirs increases farmer confidence that actions will be effective. "
895	2	"Ardern was on The AM Show. Credits: Video - The AM Show; Image - Supplied.Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern has defended not telling US President Donald Trump to remain committed to the climate change Paris Agreement.Last week, Ardern spoke at the UN Climate Action Summit in New York, where she said no one had the ""luxury of copping out"" of acting to combat climate change.""Not those who deny climate change, nor those who believe it’s too far gone,"" she said.She was subsequently criticised by National Party leader Simon Bridges for only making a brief mention of climate change during her meeting with Trump.""If you say, climate change, well she said that this is something no one has the luxury of copping out on, yet she did. When she had the chance to put things to the most powerful person in the world, the leader of the free world, who could make a difference, she didn't,"" he told The AM Show last week.After being elected, Trump promised to withdraw the United States from the landmark 2015 Paris Agreement, which commits nations to keeping global average temperatures below 2C and pursuing 1.5C. The earliest formal withdrawal that could happen would be in November 2020.Ardern defended not making climate change and the agreement a significant part of the meeting, saying raising it would have essentially been pointless.""I could have spent half of that bilateral on climate change. I am pretty sure that the President of the United States knows the position of the world, we are all in the Paris Agreement [excluding the US],"" she told The AM Show.Asked whether she told Trump to stay committed to the Paris Agreement, Ardern said she did not. ""Do you think me, from New Zealand, telling President Trump to rejoin the Paris Agreement would have made President Trump rejoin the Paris Agreement?""Most of the meeting between the two world leaders instead focussed on trade - with New Zealand continuing to desire a free trade agreement with the US - and the aftermath of the Christchurch attacks.Ardern described it as an ""excellent meeting"" with Trump viewing New Zealand ""warmly"" - something he confirmed in a tweet."
983	5	"As a third-grader, for instance, the now-34-year-old's family took him on a road trip across the Rocky Mountains. He had to know: Why did the trees stop growing at a certain elevation? Why were there plants on one side of a mountain and desert on the other?In fifth grade, he heard a radio broadcast. A weatherman predicted that a drought in Northern California, where he grew up, would last for five more years. How did he know that? What sort of magical person was this who could somehow see into the future? It's perfectly fitting, then, that Williams, who now is a mussy-haired, unassuming climatologist at the Tree Ring Lab of Columbia University's Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory, would be among a group of pioneering climate change sleuths who are trying to answer a critical and, until recently, unanswerable question: Was that climate change?Think of it as detective work for the fossil fuel era. It's climate forensics.Breakthrough?While the broad trends of climate change, and our role in causing it primarily by burning fossil fuels, have been clear for decades, it was impossible until recently to tie a particular storm, drought, flood or heat wave to the long-term warming trend. Thankfully, that's changing.""The days of saying no single weather event can be linked to climate change are over,"" said Heidi Cullen, chief scientist at the nonprofit Climate Central and a thought leader on this issue. ""For many extreme weather events, the link is now strong.""Take the heat record that the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration confirmed Thursday, for example. February 2016 was the most abnormally hot month in the history of weather records, which date back to 1880.But it's just one month, right? Could it be a fluke? Well, there's actually an answer. Talk to Geert Jan van Oldenborgh, a climate researcher at the Royal Netherlands Meteorological Institute, and he'll tell you that, based on preliminary data from NASA, 0.9 to 1 degree Celsius of the abnormal warming seen in February came from global warming. Far less than that -- 0.2 to 0.3 degrees -- is the fault of El Nino.  So, yes. That was mainly us. And that's a relatively easy mystery to solve. Harder is pinning a specific weather event in a specific location on fossil fuel pollution. That's where Williams comes in. His focus: drought.Tree ring labI visited him at Columbia's Tree Ring Lab, which is upriver from Manhattan on a beautiful and wooded stretch of the Hudson River, to try to figure out how this works. The answer has something to do with the slivers of tree trunks that are packed into a closet in the lab. They're thinner than a pencil and much longer, drilled from tree trunks from places as far-flung as Pakistan, Indonesia and Alaska. They're filed into tiny drawers.Tree rings are a ""tool to travel back in time and understand how bad droughts can get,"" Williams told me. Each ring is an annual weather record. Wet years are fat rings; dry years thin. Researchers at the Tree Ring Lab are working to create an ""atlas"" of droughts around the world -- when and where they happened, and how bad they were. This context helps climate sleuths like Williams decide how current droughts fit into the historical record. The more we know, the better we can say what's normal or abnormal now.(Other ""climate attribution"" researchers use computer models to simulate events with and without the presence of human-produced carbon dioxide in the atmosphere).One of Williams' most recent cases: The 2012-to-2015 California drought. That drought, which cost the state $2.7 billion last year alone, was about a fifth more severe because of global warming, he found. You can do a little math and put that another way: About 17% of the drought was our fault.To get those numbers, Williams used computers and the historical climate record to ""dissect"" the drought into components like temperature, wind, precipitation and evaporation. A lack of precipitation -- which he doesn't blame on humans -- was the main driver of drought. But climate models show that California was hotter than it otherwise would have been during that period because we've polluted the atmosphere with carbon dioxide. So that extra heat didn't cause the drought, but it was enough to increase its severity.Sitting on a bouncy ball in front of his office computer, Williams pulled up two maps of California to make his point. On the left was reality: 39% of the state saw record-breaking drought, the worst of it represented with a wine-colored blob on screen.On the right, the ""counterfactual"" case, without carbon pollution. Only 29% of the state would have seen record drought.The wine-colored blob was slightly smaller.Among the areas hit harder because of global warming was the San Joaquin Valley, which produces much of the nation's food crop (and in which I spent a lot of time in 2014). That small difference in temperature matters a lot out there.From lake to puddleWilliams grew up just north of that valley, near Folsom Lake, which became a symbol of the Western drought when it was reduced to just a ""puddle,"" as he described it to me. He told me he remembers driving across that lake's dam to get to elementary school as a child. He saw lake levels that were crazy-low then. Drought long has been a reality in the American West. But he's always curious: Are things different now? Why? How much?Science hasn't answered these questions with perfect precision. These findings, including Williams' assessment of the drought, are the subject of debate. (The science of long-term climate change at the global level, meanwhile, is not; 97% of climate scientists agree we're causing it, and our understanding is solid). But better computing power and knowledge of the historical climate are helping advance this type of ""climate attribution"" research.There's, of course, a chance that lawyers will grab hold of these concepts and try to sue polluters over the effects of climate change. Yet that might not be such a bad idea. There's ample blame when it comes to global warming. All of us in the industrialized world are at fault.But the more powerful concept may be the one that also seems to drive Williams: understanding. If we use climate forensics to understand how we're changing the planet, then we might also wake up to the fact that there are proven and simple fixes to this crisis. Our fingerprints are all over the weather these days.I'm thankful science is starting to show us exactly where. Add John D. Sutter on Snapchat.Follow his Facebook posts.Subscribe to Sutter's newsletter."
472	4	If thousands of young climate marchers across the globe can teach us anything, it’s that the face of environmental leadership is changing. The new leaders want young people, who will have to deal with the fallout of the climate catastrophe, to have a say on what we do to prevent it. They want indigenous communities, who will be some of the most profoundly impacted, to be heard. That change is being echoed in New Zealand too. Law student Erana Riddell, 23, is one of a growing number of young Kiwis getting involved with local government to make a difference for the planet. READ MORE: * 'Doing nothing isn’t an option': Cataclysmic climate change projections spark action * Youth-led kaitiakitanga project delivers everything from hands-on conservation training to live music * Eeling stops in poisonous Canterbury lake as new agreement signed  She is a member of Environment Canterbury’s (ECan) Youth Rōpū, and is the first youth member to be co-opted into one of the region’s water zone committees. While Riddell says she stumbled into local government work, growing up close to her whakapapa – Ngāi Tahu on her dad’s side, and Ngāti Porou on her mum’s – has always steered her towards a connection with the land. She started out as a member of the Selwyn District’s Youth Council as a “time filler”. Then she saw ECan advertising its Youth Rōpū. “I am mana whenua, [but] I didn’t know anything about the environmental decision-making process. I didn’t know anything about ECan.” The rōpū has done some important work. When the time came to make submissions on ECan’s long-term plan, it ran hui for young people across Canterbury to make sure they understood the plan and that their voices were heard. Possibly their biggest achievement was getting youth members full representation and voting rights on water zone committees. When Riddell joined the Banks Peninsula Water Zone Committee she was the youngest by at least 15 years. Her new colleagues were welcoming, but that didn’t mean there weren’t barriers to young environmentalists getting involved. “I had this preconceived idea I’d have to know everything about everything in order to have a value-based opinion on it.”  Riddell says passionate young Kiwis still run up against unsupportive and sometimes aggressive adults, often stuck in old ways of thinking.  “We need to look at how to make these spaces more accessible.” While ECan was making progress, young people still lacked a voice around a lot of political tables nationally, and their frustration was growing. “We ... are growing up in a different world than our nanas and koros and parents. We know the consequences, and if we don’t act we’re going to be the ones who reap the rewards.”  Riddell says mana whenua are also left out of environmental conversations too often. “People are always saying, oh we have no clue how to live sustainably, but Māori actually do. They have 700 years of knowledge. “Really, it’s recognising what’s good for Māori is good for the world. We all want the same thing.” Using that knowledge could go a long way towards better biodiversity, sustainability, and climate outcomes, she says. “Water is an ancestor to us. For Wairewa Rūnanga at Little River, catching tuna [eels] is a big thing for us, and harvesting saltwater fisheries. “For a farmer, that water feeds his stock, his family. We lose a lot by going head to head.” The environment should never suffer for profit though, she says. “If there’s no planet, there’s no people.” “If Arowhenua in Timaru can only eat one tuna per month from their ancestral waterway … the system’s not good enough. For Pasifika people, sea level rise means their homes will be underwater.” Both the Crown and councils around New Zealand use the concept of kaitiakitanga – or guardianship of the land – liberally, but in many cases downgrade mana whenua to just stakeholders. “What if we all really knew our history? That’d be awesome in these governing bodies. For a lot [of them], it’s going to be a really confronting process that they’re going to have to go through. “Really, it’s recognising what’s good for Māori is good for the world. We all want the same thing.”
477	5	"The findings published in The Cryosphere journal show the ocean floor is deeper than previously thought, with more deep channels leading towards the grounding line, where the ice meets the bed.Ice draining from the gigantic Thwaites Glacier into the Amundsen Sea in West Antarctica already accounts for about 4% of global sea-level rise, and scientists say it is highly susceptible to climate change.Over the past three decades, the rate of ice loss from Thwaites, which is about the size of Great Britain or the US state of Florida, and its neighboring glaciers has increased more than five-fold.If Thwaites were to collapse, it could lead to an increase in sea levels of around 25 inches (64 centimeters) -- and the researchers are trying to find out how soon this is likely to happen.Scientists from the International Thwaites Glacier Collaboration (ITGC) collected data by flying over the glacier in a British Antarctic Survey (BAS) Twin Otter aircraft and mapping the sea floor from the US Antarctic Program icebreaker RV Nathaniel B. Palmer.The cavities hidden beneath the ice shelf are likely to be the route through which warm ocean water passes underneath the ice shelf up to the grounding line, they said.""Thwaites Glacier itself is probably one of the most significant glaciers in West Antarctica, because it's so large, because we can see it's changing today,"" Dr. Tom Jordan, an aero-geophysicist at BAS who led the airborne survey, told CNN.""And also, we know that its bed dips down, and it gets deeper and deeper underneath the ice sheet, which means that, theoretically, you can get a process called marine ice sheet instability. And once it starts to retreat, it will just keep retreating.""Jordan said the next phase was to incorporate the data from the channels, some of them 2,600 feet (800 meters) deep, into simulations of how the ice sheet will respond into the future.Before now, he said, the ITGC has not been able to precisely quantify sea-level rise in West Antarctica ""because there was so much uncertainty about understanding the ice sheet processes and how the glaciers will over time respond."" ""I think this is a big step towards helping understand that,"" he added.Jordan said that suggestions of geoengineering and blocking the channels is not logistically feasible at such a remote site. A simpler solution would be to ""tackle climate change.""""At the end, we will be able to say to governments and policy-makers, this is what's going to happen ... we will actually have a proper, well-constrained estimate of what's going to happen to Thwaites Glacier,"" said Jordan.Once scientists can demonstrate the expected sea-level rise relating to West Antarctica, he said, they will have more evidence when calling for action to mitigate climate change. The team collected data from the glacier and adjoining Dotson and Crosson ice shelves from January to March 2019. Exceptional sea-ice break up in early 2019 enabled the icebreaker to survey more than 2,000 square kilometers of sea floor at the glacier's ice front. The area surveyed had been hidden beneath part of the floating ice shelf extending from Thwaites Glacier, which broke off in 2002, and was then often inaccessible due to thick sea-ice cover. "
863	4	Current predictions of climate change may significantly underestimate the speed and severity of global warming, according to a new study.Reappraisal of the models climate scientists use to determine future warming has revealed that less optimistic estimates are more realistic.The results suggest that the Paris Climate Agreement, which aims to keep global average temperatures from rising by 2C, may be overly ambitious.“Our study indicates that if emissions follow a commonly used business-as-usual scenario, there is a 93 per cent chance that global warming will exceed 4C by the end of this century,” said Dr Ken Caldeira, an atmospheric scientist at the Carnegie Institution for Science, who co-authored the new study.This likelihood is an increase on past estimates, which placed it at 62 per cent.Climate models are vital tools for scientists attempting to understand the impacts of greenhouse-gas emissions. They are constructed using fundamental knowledge of physics and the world’s climate.But the climate system is incredibly complex, and as a result there is disagreement about how best to model key aspects of it.Read our full mailing list consent terms hereRead our full mailing list consent terms hereThis means scientists have produced dozens of climate models predicting a range of different global warming outcomes resulting from greenhouse-gas emissions.Based on a “business-as-usual” scenario in which emissions continue at the same rate, climate models range in their predictions from a 3.2C increase in global temperatures to a 5.9C increaseThe new study, published in the journal Nature, sought to resolve this situation and establish whether the upper or lower estimates are more accurate.To do this, Dr Caldeira and his collaborator Dr Patrick Brown reasoned that the most accurate models would be the ones that were best at simulating climate patterns in the recent past.“It makes sense that the models that do the best job at simulating today’s observations might be the models with the most reliable predictions,” said Dr Caldeira.Their conclusion was that models with higher estimates were more likely to be accurate, with the most likely degree of warming 0.5C higher than previous best estimates. Other climate scientists have responded favourably to the new research.“There have been many previous studies trying to compare climate models with measurements of past surface-temperature, but these have not proved very conclusive in reducing the uncertainty in the range of future temperature projections,” said Professor William Collins, a meteorologist at the University of Reading who was not involved in the study.According to Professor Collins, this work “breaks the issue down into the fundamental building blocks of climate change”.The research by Dr Brown and Dr Caldeira focuses specifically on models of energy flow from Earth to space, as measured by satellites. They suggest that the amount of sunlight reflected away from the planet by clouds will decrease as the world gets warmer, increasing the magnitude of climate change.“So we are now more certain about the future climate, but the bad news is that it will be warmer than we thought,” said Professor Collins.According to Professor Mark Maslin, a climatologist at University College London who was not involved in the study, these results could mean “cutting carbon emissions deeper and faster than previously thought”.“To achieve these targets the climate negotiations must ensure that the global emissions-cuts start as planned in 2020 and continue every single year thereafter,” said Professor Maslin.However, experts also warn that there is need for caution when predicting such complex phenomena as climate change.“This is only one line of evidence,” said Professor Piers Forster, a climate-change specialist at the University of Leeds who was not involved in the study.“Other lines of evidence based on the historically observed warming suggest the simulations with slightly cooler projections may fit best. We need to consider all the lines of evidence before we jump to conclusions.”
955	4	"Watch: Kids explain why climate change matters. Credits: Video - Newshub; Images - GettyRoger Federer has responded to criticism from teenage climate change activist Greta Thunberg, saying he is ""happy to be reminded"" of his responsibilities.The Swiss 20-times Grand Slam champion came under fire from Swede Thunberg last week when she criticised bank Credit Suisse for its record of loans to fossil fuel industries.Federer, who has a sponsorship deal with Credit Suisse, was urged to ""wake up"" in a Twitter post by Thunberg last week.The 38-year-old, preparing for the Australian Open, issued a statement saying he had a ""great deal of respect and admiration"" for the youth climate movement inspired by Thunberg.""I take the impacts and threat of climate change very seriously, particularly as my family and I arrive in Australia amidst devastation from the bushfires,"" Federer said.""As the father of four young children and a fervent supporter of universal education, I have a great deal of respect and admiration for the youth climate movement, and I am grateful to young climate activists for pushing us all to examine our behaviours and act on innovative solutions.""We owe it to them and ourselves to listen. I appreciate reminders of my responsibility as a private individual, as an athlete and as an entrepreneur, and I'm committed to using this privileged position to dialogue on important issues with my sponsors.""Federer will join other top players including Serena Williams at charity event Rally for Relief in Melbourne next week, raising funds for the efforts to tackle the devastating bushfires that have killed at least 28 people, destroyed hundreds of homes and decimated wildlife.Credit Suisse says it is committed to leading the way in supporting its clients in the transition to low- carbon and climate- resilient business models and recently announced in the context of its global climate strategy that it will no longer invest in new coal-fired power plants.Reuters"
295	1	"Days after the question was first posed, the White House still will not answer if Trump believes that climate change is a hoax. Trump's personal views on climate change have been in the spotlight since the President opted to leave the sweeping, multi-national Paris climate agreement during a Rose Garden ceremony on Thursday. But a series of top Trump aides have dodged, spun and obfuscated when asked whether the President believes climate change is happening.White House press secretary Sean Spicer said earlier this week he didn't know whether Trump believes climate change is happening.""Honestly, I haven't asked him that,"" Spicer said. ""I can get back to you.""On Friday, Spicer was asked again. ""I have not had the opportunity to specifically talk to the President about that,"" he said.Scott Pruitt, Trump's administrator at the Environmental Protection Agency, said Thursday on CNN that the debate over the Paris agreement is ""not about whether climate change is occurring or not.""He did not answer whether Trump, as he has said before, believes climate change is a hoax.Pruitt again would not answer when asked twice in Friday's White House briefing, saying that was not what the decision was focused on.Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke told CNN's ""New Day"" on Friday that while he doesn't ""believe (climate change) is a hoax,"" he was unable to answer whether Trump agrees.""I do not speak for the President,"" Zinke said, later adding that he had not asked him.At no point was Zinke able to shed light on Trump's climate change views.""You should ask him that and I hope you have a chance,"" Kellyanne Conway, a top Trump confidante and White House adviser, said Friday on ABC. When pressed, Conway said Trump ""believes in clean air, clean water, a clean environment and believes we have to negotiate better deals for this country.""And Gary Cohn, Trump's top economic adviser, deflected when asked the same question by CNN on Thursday.""I am answering what the President is committed to,"" he said, later adding, ""You are going to have to ask him. You are going to have to actually ask him.""Journalists would love to. But Trump has largely avoided answering questions in recent weeks. The last formal questions the President took were when he met with Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos on May 18.His last -- and only -- full news conference as president was in February.Trump, long before he was president, said that climate change was a hoax perpetrated by the Chinese. He has also long cast himself as someone who doesn't ""believe"" in global warming, suggesting that the scientific fact is a belief, not a fact.""I'm not a believer in man-made global warming,"" he told Hugh Hewitt in 2015. ""But the problem we have, and if you look at our energy costs, and all of the things that we're doing to solve a problem that I don't think in any major fashion exists.""But his own White House aides have suggested that his view on climate change are irrelevant when talking about the Paris climate agreement, an accord meant to combat rising temperatures and carbon emissions.""Can we stay on topic please,"" a White House official said during a background briefing after Trump's announcement.""I have not talked to the President about his personal views on whether -- I was not with the President on his trip,"" the official added. ""I did not talk to the President about his personal views on what is contributing to climate change."""
729	4	"World leaders are meeting for the 26th time to address the causes and effects of climate change. These five questions and answers show how much our planet has already changed.Governments are increasingly pledging to transform their economies to become carbon neutral within the next 10 to 30 years. With emissions stabilizing in Europe and the Americas and rising in Asia and Africa, the following chart shows how much of an economic turnaround carbon neutrality would need.Absolute emissions, however, only tell half the story. Countries in Asia have seen immense population growth over the last decades, and more people leads to greater consumption of resources.Seen from a CO2 per capita perspective, the picture is very different. Factoring in population size puts the spotlight on both Western countries like the US and Australia, as well as nations in other parts of the world, including Russia, Saudi Arabia, Oman, Qatar and Mongolia.In the discussion about who should contribute most to emissions reductions, experts argue that not all nations can be held equally responsible, and that economic power and wealth should be taken into account.Clustering countries in terms of income groups (see below) shows a connection between higher levels of income and higher median emissions per capita. It also reveals how countries within each group vary widely, and that the higher the income group, the wider the spread across the emissions spectrum.High income countries with elevated emissions, such as Qatar, emit much more CO2 per capita than countries like Germany and France, although they are in the same income group.And although countries like India and China rank low on per capita emissions, their decisions still have a big impact, given their huge population numbers (bubble size).Given the correlation between economic strength and CO2 emissions, it's no surprise that the industrial sector is responsible for the lion's share (35%) of overall greenhouse gases (GHG) — including methane and nitrous oxide — released into the atmosphere. At 20%, agriculture, forestry and change in land use collectively account for the second greatest source of GHG emissions.Over the last two decades, the annual amount of tree cover lost has gradually increased. Russia, Brazil and the United States were the world's biggest drivers of deforestation in 2020.Compared to the decade from 1990-2000, however, the rate of deforestation has slowed.Deforestation is not only problematic because the CO2 previously stored in the ground and the trees themselves is released into the atmosphere, but also because forests and soils are ""carbon sinks"" that absorb atmospheric CO2 — making them a valuable tool in the fight against climate change.CO2 emissions from burning fossil fuels have been on the rise since the early days of industrialization. However, as humans produced higher levels of carbon dioxide, Earth absorbed it in natural ""carbon sinks,"" such as forests and oceans.But as humanity began to produce more CO2 and other greenhouse gases than the planet's ecosystem could naturally absorb, more of those emissions became trapped in the atmosphere (red area in the following chart).An increasing volume of CO2 particles traps the sunlight's warmth in the atmosphere, acting like a greenhouse in which it gets warmer and warmer. Compared to the 20th century — and the past five years in particular — the average global temperature has increased by almost 1 degree Celsius (1.8 degrees Fahrenheit). This change is measured by calculating the difference between temperatures observed at a specific time and place and the historical average for that same spot. The 1 degree increase in temperature is the global average of those variations. The difference can be much greater on a local level.In a more concrete example, the average August temperature in the northwestern US city of Portland was around 20 C from 1991 to 2020. With global warming, Portland is seeing hotter-than-average days. On August 13, for example, the daily average reached 30 C, which was an extreme temperature anomaly.In the same week, unusual temperatures were recorded in Spain, Tunisia, Russia, India, Cambodia, Australia and Argentina, to name just a few countries.Such temperature increases push Earth's temperature anomaly up and will have potentially wide-ranging effects — from pockets of impossible heat to failing harvests and an increase in dangerous events like storms and floods. A rise in sea levels is among the most noticeable impacts. Hotter temperatures are melting ice caps and glaciers and increasing the total amount of water in the oceans.According to data compiled by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), the United States government climate research agency, sea levels have risen nearly 25 centimeters (9.8 inches) in the last 140 years. Around one third of that increase happened in the last 25 years alone.Sea levels are rising worldwide, but the trend is accentuated in the Arctic, which is heating faster than other regions.The thermal property of water that allows it to expand when warmer is also contributing to rising sea levels.As usual, there is a caveat to the absolute numbers. While most of the world's oceans and seas are indeed higher their historical levels, some areas are more affected than others.Tide gauges in western Canada and northern Chile, for example, detect steady or even receding seas, whereas island countries in the southern Pacific and Indian oceans are witnessing alarming increases in levels — threats that could  lead to them literally disappearing beneath the waves."
378	3	Halim Sbai says an oasis really is a paradise. But drought and desertification are now taking their toll on oases like M'hamid El Ghizlane in southeastern Morocco where he grew up. The survival of a whole region is at stake. Over hundreds of kilometers between the Anti-Atlas mountains and the Sahara desert there is one palm-fringed oasis after the next. Close to two million people live in these settlements. Up to now, many earned their living by harvesting dates from the palm trees. But this is proving more and more difficult. Decreasing and irregular rainfall is having a devastating impact on the trees and their yields. Halim Sbai is planting new palm trees and preserving as much precious water as he can in a bid to keep the oasis of M'hamid El Ghizlane and the region’s traditional way of life alive. Up to now, he has also been supplementing his income with earnings from tourism. Global warming could put an end to all this.
641	3	"A proposed ABC “staff climate crisis advisory group” dismissed by ABC chair Ita Buttrose last year has been revealed to have “pressed ahead regardless” says Sky News host Chris Kenny. A freedom of information request by the Institute of Public Affairs has revealed hundreds of emails showing ABC Radio producer Barbara Heggen “still organizing meetings for this group and still getting plenty of support.""The group was planning to frequently report to management  about how the ABC could “tackle climate change internally and externally” while also informing the public of the “climate crisis through ‘solutions journalism,’ effectively activism”.“It seems the trouble here is that too many at the ABC are getting their climate change information from the ABC”. Image: News Corp Australia"
753	5	"But there have also been acts of craven selfishness. Cyberattacks on Spanish hospitals, where thousands are in intensive care. Profiteering and hoarding of life-saving medical supplies. World leaders who put their citizens in danger by denying the gravity of the situation.What this shows is that as individuals and as communities, we have a choice in how to respond to global threats. For the greater good we can accept restrictions on how we live, even at a cost to incomes and livelihoods -- as 20% of the global population is doing right now, as The Guardian wrote -- or we can respond selfishly, seeking only what is right for us, rather than the collective good of humanity.These choices will continue to be important once Covid-19 is tamed. Because what should be clear is that other threats, most notably our ongoing climate emergency, have not gone away during the pandemic.Many experts see a link between the two. Inger Andersen, head of the United Nations Environment Programme, says Covid-19 is a ""clear warning shot"" given that 75% of all infectious diseases come from wildlife, and climate change and the destruction of natural habitats are putting humans into ever-closer proximity to animals.""Nature is sending us a message,"" she says, as The Guardian reported. Gernot Wagner, a climate economist at New York University, tweeted that the virus is ""climate change on warp speed.""Pope Francis, meanwhile, praying in a deserted St. Peter's Square on March 28, said: ""nor did we listen to the cry of the poor or of our ailing planet. We carried on regardless, thinking we would stay healthy in a world that was sick.""If nature is sending us a message, what is it saying?It is telling us that we need to heal the planet if we want to heal ourselves. That we must be respectful of the boundaries between humans and other species; that we need to adapt and alter our behavior. And while we make these changes, we need to build our societies' resilience to emergencies of all kinds, because our current planning and preparation for viruses, for rising seas and other effects of climate change, are not enough.Whether you are dealing with a deadly virus or extreme weather, prevention is always better than cure. It makes economic sense to build greater resilience against climate change now, in the same way that we must strengthen our health care systems before the next pathogen strikes.The Global Commission on Adaptation estimates that investing just $1.8 trillion in building resilience against climate change over the next decade could generate $7.1 trillion in total net benefits. Investment in green technology and resilient infrastructure could help put our coronavirus-shattered world back together again. Renewable energy instead of coal; natural drainage systems instead of more concrete to soak up water and avert floods; reforestation instead of land clearances.Around the world, governments are launching gigantic stimulus packages to prop up their economies. But these are being targeted exclusively within national borders; more attention must be paid to helping those around the world who need it most.It is also clear to us that to avert disaster, countries will need to help each other. World governments urgently need to mobilize a global fund to help the world's poorest countries cope with Covid-19. The precedent is there: In the aftermath of the Ebola epidemic, the United Nations established a trust fund and led the international community to support recovery priorities. We believe the whole UN system, the World Bank, the International Monetary Fund and all regional development banks should come together again to address the aftershocks of the pandemic, including the global economic fallout.If the virus is a shared global challenge, so too should be the need to build resilience against future shocks. Emerging and developing countries are the least prepared for the arrival of Covid-19, just as they are most vulnerable to the effects of climate change.To avoid a protracted global recession, Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development Secretary-General Angel Gurría has called for a response ""akin to the last century's Marshall Plan and New Deal -- combined."" If it does come about, we hope it will not forget those in the developing world. For how these vast sums are invested will determine our future.Governments could opt for business as usual, perpetuating our old way of life, or they could heed nature's Covid-19 warning and kick-start the transition to a low-carbon future. This means investing in life-supporting systems such as a stable climate, fresh air and clean water, and the preservation of natural habitats.The lifesaving benefits of building climate resilience are already evident in countries that have invested in early-warning systems against cyclones and hurricanes. Tropical cyclones killed hundreds of thousands of people in Bangladesh, a low-lying delta country, throughout the 20th century, but thanks to investment in warning systems, evacuation drills and strong shelters, millions of people can now shelter in safety before cyclones strike.This pandemic is far from over, but it has already brought certain truths (which should have been evident) into stark relief: that viruses do not respect borders; that without solidarity, we will not defeat this pandemic, because we are only as safe as our most vulnerable people; that scientific knowledge and advice matter; and that delay is deadly. The same lessons hold true for our climate emergency.If we are wise, we will start acting on these lessons now."
58	4	Meet the “eco-right.”Not everyone interested in curbing climate change is tearing their hair out about Donald Trump's election. Though the president-elect seems to be packing his administration with climate deniers and fossil fuel industry veterans, a small, unconventional band of environmentalists sees potential.“We hope,” says Bob Inglis, “that Donald Trump sees an opportunity to complete the sentence this way: Richard Nixon went to China, Bill Clinton signed welfare reform, and Donald Trump did climate change.”In the last several years, Inglis—a former Congressman from South Carolina—has emerged as a spokesperson of sorts for “the eco-right,” a suite of think tanks, activists and politicos making the case for a free-market approach to environmentalism, grounded in conservative values. He now serves as the Executive Director of RepublicEn, a small advocacy outfit of self-described “energy optimists,” keen to dispel rumors that the GOP is the province of climate denialism.Inglis’s optimism notwithstanding, climate-change activists have ample reason to fear a Trump administration. The president-elect’s pick to run the EPA has spent years challenging the agency in court. And his Secretary of State nominee, the former ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson, could green light new cross-border pipelines like the Keystone XL, along with new partnerships between oil companies from Houston to Moscow. A previously squashed $500 billion Arctic oil deal between Exxon and Rosneft, a state-run Russian oil firm, might well be on the table again if Trump lifts Obama-era sanctions against the country.For Inglis and his colleagues at RepublicEN, though, the cabinet picks causing other greens to lose sleep have been welcome additions.“If Rex Tillerson led Exxon Mobil away from the disputation of climate science, perhaps he can lead the Administration away from disputation too,” Inglis says, and he takes Tillerson's support for a carbon tax as an encouraging sign. When it comes to climate action, Inglis adds, the “environmental left”—encompassing everyone from Al Gore to anti-fracking activists—have been steering the conversation about climate change for too long. It’s time to “let ExxonMobil drive,” he says.Inglis might seem out of step with the climate movement’s increasingly anti-corporate bent, defined by efforts like fossil-fuel divestment and the battle against the Dakota Access pipeline. But members of the eco-right see little contradiction between fossil-fuel companies’ bottom-lines and a low-carbon future.Like other members of the eco-right, Inglis believes that efficient markets are the ultimate problem solver, and he has a general skepticism about all but the most basic of regulations. “The essence of [the eco-right] is all about internalizing negative externalities,” Inglis says, referencing the hidden expenses of carbon’s seepage into the atmosphere. He says that polluters are “socializing their soot and climate costs.” By making them pay and stripping out all energy subsidies, the thinking goes, firms will shift their business models accordingly, weeding out wasteful fuels, making the Paris Agreement and Obama’s Clean Power Plan superfluous.“Our view of the Clean Power Plan is that it’s precisely the worst way to deal with climate change,” Inglis explains. UN agreements and regulatory pushes, Inglis argues, represent the kind of policies which keep conservatives out of the conversation on climate, because they are both too complicated and too confrontational. “I think the path in is mostly through the business community, where unlikely partners could really step forward and say, ‘There’s a free enterprise solution to this. Don’t give us regulations. Don’t try to tell us how to run our business. Just internalize the negative externality and we will deal with it,’” he says.The holy grail of Inglis’s brand of eco-conservatism is a “revenue-neutral, border-adjustable” carbon tax. This kind of pricing mechanism offers a more elegant solution to the eco-right than the patchwork of regulations involved in Obama’s landmark climate rule, wherein each state arrives at its own plan.Greens across the political spectrum have long backed versions of a carbon tax as part of a broader slate of emissions-cutting policies, some proposals for which would see dividends given out directly to taxpayers or put toward investments in clean energy. What’s unique about the eco-right position on the tax is their view that it should act as the centerpiece of a climate plan, as opposed to one component among many market-based and regulatory measures. In contrast, when Bernie Sanders and his “environmental left” ilk advocate for pricing carbon, they tend also to favor putting hard limits on polluters’ ability to spit greenhouse gases into the air.Key, too, to the eco-right is swapping a carbon tax out for others—say income or corporate taxes—rather than adding the revenue to government coffers. “You put a tax on things that you want less of,” Inglis says, while allowing the price signal to drive carbon-intensive firms toward natural gas and renewable energy. Importers to the U.S. would also be forced to account for the carbon costs of goods produced abroad.Carbon taxes don’t have the best track record. Norway set a reasonably high carbon tax way back in 1991, yet the country’s emissions fell by just 2.3 percent from 1990 to 1999. In British Columbia, where a tax was implemented in 2008, modest emissions reductions have been traced back to the fallout from the Great Recession rather than the tax itself.It’s not clear how a new tax would affect corporate behavior. Oil majors have been factoring the likelihood of a price on carbon into their long-term financial planning for some time. Exxon first started accounting for a tax in 2007, setting its estimations for a price as high as $80 per ton in some regions. The company’s own spokesperson told the Houston Chronicle in 2016 that curbing warming to a 1.6 degree target—“well below two degrees,” per the Paris Agreement’s text—would drive the cost of carbon up to $2000 per ton, far beyond the level set out in any proposal currently on the table. A failed carbon tax measure in Washington state, for example, would have started the tax at just $10 per ton in 2017, and gradually scaled up to $100 by mid-century. Among the countries already taxing carbon, Australia’s fee is the equivalent of $23 per metric ton. Chile’s will be set at just $5 per ton when it takes effect in 2018, and apply to just 55 percent of emissions. Sweden has one of the highest carbon prices at $150 per ton. It doesn't apply, however, to the country’s electric power providers, and major industries pay about half of the standard tax.Exxon’s Alan Jeffers affirmed the company’s commitment to a revenue-neutral carbon tax in an email to The Atlantic. Among the state and federal proposals the company had studied, Jeffers wrote, “The most significant common shortcoming is their failure to pre-empt existing greenhouse gas regulations. The pre-emption issue is important because a properly-designed carbon tax that replaces the existing regime of emissions regulations would be a beneficial policy rationalization.” In simpler terms, an Exxon-friendly carbon tax shouldn’t just avoid regulations. It should dismantle them, and place as little strain as possible on the company’s operations.Exxon has gone so far as to back the Paris Agreement and its ambitious warming target. Even so, regulatory caps on warming—and strict ones at that—may be the only path to meeting them. A recent study from Oil Change International estimates that nearly 70 percent of already-developed coal, oil and natural gas reserves—not counting the ones fossil-fuel firms are keen to start mining—have to stay buried in perpetuity for a reasonable chance of limiting warming to 2 degrees celsius, the “guardrail” of acceptable warming that the international community agreed to in Paris. To do that, the historical record seems to favor regulatory action over price signals alone.In contrast to British Columbia’s 5.3 percent reduction post-tax, Ontario’s climate plan was able to scale down emissions by nearly twenty percent over a similar time frame. In large part, they did it by phasing out and then banning coal-fired power plants.Asked if climate policy might need to pose a threat to oil industry profits at some point, Inglis suggested that threat would come instead from Tesla, Elon Musk’s luxury electric car company. Inglis reasons that if fossil fuels truly are inefficient, the better product will win out on an open market. But it’s not clear that Tesla will win in the mass market any time soon. The Model 3, the company’s first “mass market” car, intended to be more affordable than its others, will be released next year and start at $35,000. More than 56 percent of American families, meanwhile, have less than $1000 in the bank.Eli Lehrer is another member of the eco-right looking to harness the power of the free market to save the planet. Back in 2012, Lehrer helped lead an exodus of insurance wonks out of the conservative and notoriously climate change-skeptical Heartland Institute. The final straw for him at Heartland was their sponsorship of a series of billboards likening those who believe in climate change to the likes of Charles Manson and Osama bin Laden. As an insurance analyst trained to assess risk, Lehrer could no longer square his research interests with his employer’s aggressive stance against climate science. He now heads R Street, another think tank produced out of the spin-off. Even if a carbon tax fails to bring down emissions, he says, “it’s still good tax policy.”In 2016, the GOP’s climate politics are more complicated than they might look at first glance, with growing divides between voters and elected officials. Along with Inglis and Lehrer, 54 percent of Republicans now believe that the climate is changing and that humankind has played a hand in it. By contrast, just 14 of the 247 Republicans in the House of Representatives signed on to the Gibson Resolution, stating the urgency of climate change and the body’s commitment to addressing it.As Lehrer notes, even if Republicans’ base is starting to believe in climate change, it is still a long way off from becoming a top line issue. For Republicans, in fact, climate change was this year’s least important issue, according to Gallup.In spite of the polling, Lehrer sees state-level efforts at a carbon tax as “very likely in the next four to eight years.” If there is to be progress in bringing down emissions under Trump at the federal level, though, Lehrer predicts it will come via policies that have very little to do with the climate outright. “Some of the things that the administration seems to have said it will do seem to be pretty good from a climate change perspective,” Lehrer says, “in particular…increased natural gas development, support for nuclear power and pipelines.”Natural gas development, he and the American Petroleum Institute argue, has been key to bringing down emissions in the United States. Yet while natural gas emits relatively little CO2, scientists say that fracking’s low carbon cost is overshadowed by the amount of methane the process spews into the atmosphere. (As a greenhouse gas, methane is about twenty times as potent as carbon dioxide.) As for pipelines, Lehrer contends they are a safer and more carbon-efficient means of transporting fossil fuels, as compared to train lines. Still, building pipelines in the first place requires that there be fresh batches of oil to flow through them, which means more greenhouse gases.“Can I predict what he’s going to do? No, I don’t think anybody can,” Lehrer wrote of the president-elect in an email to The Atlantic. “I would not be totally surprised if he were to give some speech announcing that [climate change] was a major crisis, announcing a new Manhattan Project to deal with it. And I’d be equally unsurprised if he reiterated his comment that it’s a hoax perpetrated by the Chinese.”
798	5	"A clock that activists in New York recently turned into a countdown for catastrophic climate change serves as a ticking reminder of how long it will take the Earth to warm by 1.5 degrees Celsius — the level to which world leaders agreed to limit global warming when they met in Paris in 2015.Just seven years and about 100 days remain.Government representatives, business leaders and members of climate and environmental protection organizations descended on New York this week to discuss how to better protect the climate. What needs to change, however, is no secret: Humanity must drastically reduce its greenhouse gas emissions.""Basically, all countries are doing far too little for climate protection,"" said Niklas Höhne, a climate scientist and co-founder of non-profit NewClimate Institute, which together with research organization Climate Analytics, published a report on Wednesday into the response to the coronavirus crisis. The analysis of its Climate Action Tracker (CAT) found ""just a hint of green"" in pandemic recovery plans.""The corona pandemic poses particular challenges to the global community,"" said Höhne. ""Unfortunately, many states are using it as an excuse to abandon their climate protection efforts even further.""Read more: Opinion: Global climate strikers take on inactive leadersThe United States, he said, has made almost no provision for investment in climate or environmental protection in its reconstruction program, and is unconditionally supporting polluting industries like airlines. The CAT details how Russia's new energy strategy also continues to promote fossil fuels while its stimulus package is completely free of climate-related measures. Mexico, meanwhile, is cited as using the pandemic as an excuse to stop the expansion of renewable energies and instead promote fossil fuels, while Brazil is doing little to combat rising deforestation and emissions from agriculture. Environmental regulations there are instead being relaxed or even withdrawn.The report focuses on the investment plans of five countries: China, the US, the EU, India and South Korea. ""In addition to the EU, South Korea has deliberately put a green focus on coronavirus aid with its Korean Green New Deal,"" said Höhne. But it is not yet possible to predict exactly how India's plans will affect the climate.Until now, China has not looked set to become climate-friendly. But Chinese President Xi Jinping threw predictions into confusion at the UN General Assembly this week when he unveiled plans to strive for CO2 neutrality before 2060.""This is the most important announcement in global climate policy in at least five years,"" said Höhne. ""If China, which is responsible for a quarter of the world's greenhouse gas emissions, were actually to be CO2-neutral before 2060, this would reduce the forecasts for global warming by around 0.2 to 0.3 degrees Celsius"".But even with China's new climate protection plans, the Earth will warm by an average of 2.4 to 2.5 degrees Celsius by the end of the century, according to CAT. Even this year's global CO2 emissions, which have fallen by about 5% to 9% due to coronavirus lockdowns, would not change the direction.Signatories to the 2015 Paris Agreement committed to announce their self-set ""ambitious climate targets"" for 2030. But so far only 12 countries have done so, according to the CAT.Smaller countries, such as Chile and Norway, are more ambitious. Rwanda is also setting the pace in climate protection. In May, the East African country became the first on the continent to announce that it would tighten its climate targets and reduce its greenhouse gas emissions by at least 16% by 2030.""Rwanda is demonstrating the kind of leadership that the world needs right now,"" said Helen Mountford, vice president for climate and economics at the World Resources Institute, adding that it was ""an inspiration for other countries looking to step up their climate action.""Mountford said the pandemic could have a positive effect in the long-term despite the lack of progress so far. Industrialized countries depend on the global south, for example in food production. To maintain the flow of goods and keep migration movements to a minimum, said Mountford, there is a growing interest in doing more for the well-being of these countries — including limiting negative climate impacts.Rixa Schwarz, team leader for international climate policy at the NGO Germanwatch, said the pandemic illustrates the importance of resilience: the ability of societies to deal with crises.""Lessons must now be learned for the climate crisis and the global community must be made resilient to shocks such as pandemics and climate impacts,"" Schwarz said. The Climate Protection Index — published once a year by Germanwatch, NewClimate Institute and the nonprofit Climate Action Network International — shows how far the world is from this goal. No country reaches first to third place because no country is doing enough to avoid dangerous climate change, the authors wrote.China's announcement should improve its ranking in next year's Climate Protection Index. But there is a long way till 2060. And the clock keeps ticking towards 1.5 degrees Celsius — seven years and almost 100 days.Adaptation: Ajit Niranjan"
371	3	"Lower Hutt residents can from next week have their say on the city's future – including proposals to double spending on infrastructure and increase rates – but some locals have already raised concerns about the action it’s taking against climate change. On Wednesday, Hutt City councillors voted unanimously in favour of beginning public consultation on the council’s draft long-term plan next Tuesday. It has budgeted to invest $582 million between 2021 and 2031 on its water network and $353 million on transport projects and increase rates revenue by 5.9 per cent during the next year. However, the hot topic at Wednesday's meeting, appeared to be climate change, with councillors hearing two submissions from members of the public on the issue. READ MORE: * Stoush brewing over Lower Hutt museum's promotion of graffiti exhibition  * Upper Hutt Council increasing debt to pay for infrastructure  * Some Hutt City councillors face $6500 pay cut, in a move labelled as seeming 'petty'  Active transport advocate Matt Young​ questioned why the council intended to spend millions on a new road linking Wainuiomata and the eastern bays to State Highway 2 through an alternative route to the one that runs along the Petone waterfront, when it purported to take climate change seriously. He said the council acknowledged it needed to act now against climate change: “When I look at your plan and your budget I don’t see that urgency.” Duncan Ballinger​, of Lawyers for Climate Action, said the council had a legal responsibility to address climate change. He could not confirm whether the council was meeting those obligations as he was yet to read the draft long-term plan in detail, but said the organisation would be making a submission. Councillor Simon Edwards​ said he also had some questions about whether investing so much money in another road was the right decision. However, he said the route, known as the Cross Valley Transport Connections, would be used by cyclists and buses as well as cars, and he was interested in hearing residents’ views on the project. Deputy mayor Tui Lewis​ said the council was doing its bit to mitigate climate change and residents needed to do theirs. If they wanted more action on the issue they would say so in their submissions. Mayor Campbell Barry​ said the long-term plan was for the community, so it was important the council received “upfront and honest"" feedback.  Population growth was putting the city's ageing infrastructure under pressure, and without significant investment its infrastructure was at risk of failing, he said.  People can make submissions on the plan between April 6 and May 6."
271	4	OPINION: Climate change is going to cost us. About 1 per cent of gross domestic product per year, according to the Climate Change Commission. For anyone working in climate change policy, that will come as no surprise, and the numbers maybe even look a little low. Judith Collins for her part yesterday was sceptical of the 1 per cent figure, meaning that she thought it would be more expensive than that estimate. The guts of the Commission's draft proposals are now pretty well known: The country has to emit 5.6 per cent less than in 2018 each year between 2022 and 2025, increasing to 14.7 per cent less each year between 2026 and 2030 and 25.9 per cent less each year between 2031 and 2035. To do this the Commission recommends loads of new things, but the most headline-grabbing are: no new petrol cars imported by 2032, no new home gas connections after 2025, loads more native forest plantings, and agriculture having to become more carbon efficient. READ MORE: * Government commits to shrinking carbon budgets and new Paris target * Transport and food two keys to reduce our carbon footprint  * Election 2020: Does Labour really cut it on climate?  All this, it is argued, will put New Zealand on a path to hit net-zero emission by 2050. Some of it can come from carbon credits, and some from planting trees, but as the Commission makes clear the main game is simple: reducing emissions. Overall it also says that deeper emission cuts – well over 35 per cent from 2005 levels by 2030 – will be required if New Zealand is to play its part in keep temperature increases to 1.5 degrees Celsius. The broader point however, is that this new Government quango has put an estimated cost of transforming New Zealand into a net zero carbon emitter. This report will now form a set of mostly agreed-upon facts on which climate change mitigation and adaptation will proceed. Politically, this is significant. First. Because there is now an official body whose job is to come up with both how much New Zealand should be cutting emissions, but also from which industries they should be cut and over what period. More importantly however, this is an independent report – well, as independent as these sorts of Government bodies can be – which estimates how much cutting emission is going cost. That matters because for much of the past decade or so, both major parties have seriously downplayed the true costs of New Zealand adapting its economy to a carbon-constrained world. For Labour, high on vaulting ambition and rhetoric (remember Jacinda Ardern’s “nuclear-free moment?), its actions have simply not been matched with anything like the structural change required to achieve it. National when in Government simply cheapened efforts to fit what it thought were reasonable costs vaguely in line with other trading partners. Either way, the message from politicians has been mostly the same: sure climate change will require change, but it won’t really cost you that much. This report puts in black and white that it will cost to meet our stated international obligations, and tries to put some numbers beside it. There has been some lurking criticism, particularly from more vociferous climate warriors, that the report did not do enough to quantify the costs of climate inaction. That view is folly. The nature of climate change is that each nation can only really control what they do themselves, and try to pressure others to act in concert to prevent first-mover disadvantage. Ultimately the big players: China, India, the US and EU, will determine what the costs of inaction are, not New Zealand. There is no point speculating on that which New Zealand has no control over, and the Commission sensibly avoided this. The fact that Labour is now untethered from NZ First, and has to deliver a plan to start to get these goals sorted by December 31, will focus the mind. The final report from the Commission is due by May 31, and the Government expects to produce a package of reforms around October or November. Politically, the Commission was designed to be an independent goal-setter for the Government. Or, viewed in another light, a political scapegoat for if it gets tough. That is its institutional purpose. In common with the Zero Carbon Act, the Emission Trading Scheme and the Climate Related Financial Disclosures legislation, this has Greens leader James Shaw all over it. His consistent modus operandi in this area has been to build the long-term institutional architecture to embed emissions reduction deep into the economy, legislation, regulation and culture. The rubber will really hit the road when the Government comes up with its plan to meet these targets later in the year. Then both the sticks and carrots that will be required to get the economic transformation underway will be fully presented to voters.
974	3	"The world's glaciers are melting at an accelerating rate, according to a comprehensive new study. A French-led team assessed the behaviour of nearly all documented ice streams on the planet.The researchers found them to have lost almost 270 billion tonnes of ice a year over the opening two decades of the 21st Century. The meltwater produced now accounts for about a fifth of global sea-level rise, the scientists tell Nature journal.The numbers involved are quite hard to imagine, so team member Robert McNabb, from the universities of Ulster and Oslo, uses an analogy. ""Over the last 20 years, we've seen that glaciers have lost about 267 gigatonnes (Gt) per year. So, if we take that amount of water and we divide it up across the island of Ireland, that's enough to cover all of Ireland in 3m of water each year,"" he says on this week's edition of Science In Action on the BBC World Service.""And the total loss is accelerating. It's growing by about 48Gt/yr, per decade.""The worldwide inventory of glaciers contains 217,175 ice streams. Some are smaller than a football pitch; others can rival in area a mid-sized country like the UK. What nearly all have in common is that they are thinning and retreating in a changing climate, either through stronger melting in warmer air or because the patterns of snowfall that feed the glaciers have shifted.The research team, led by Romain Hugonnet from the University of Toulouse, France, used as its primary source of data the imagery acquired by Nasa's Terra satellite, which was launched in 1999.Immense computing power was brought to bear on the process of interpreting these pictures and pulling out the changes in the glaciers' elevation, volume and mass up to 2019.The team believes its approach has hammered down the uncertainties in its results to perhaps less than 5% overall. That's in large part because every single glacier examined in the study is represented based on the same methodology.""This new study is a major advance as we get a high spatial resolution and, at the same time, it also provides the temporal change over the two decades directly based on satellite data, which is novel,"" explained co-author Matthias Huss from the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology.""This data-set has been validated with an immense amount of additional, independent measurements and is highly accurate so that the uncertainties of previous studies are strongly reduced.""A group led from Leeds University published its own assessment of glacier ice loss in January in the journal The Cryosphere.It arrived at very similar numbers. It reported a 289Gt/yr average loss over the period 2000-2019, with a 52Gt/yr/decade acceleration. An 8% difference.Leeds professor Andy Shepherd told BBC News: ""Glacier melting accounts for a quarter of Earth's ice loss over the satellite era, and the changes taking place are disrupting water supplies for billions of people downstream - especially in years of drought when meltwater becomes a critical source. ""Although the rate of glacier melting has increased steadily, the pace has been dwarfed by the accelerating ice losses from Antarctica and Greenland, and they remain our primary concern for future sea-level rise."""
169	3	"In George Orwell’s novel, ""1984,"" the totalitarian state (“Big Brother”) demands blind belief in falsehoods that literally stand the truth on its head: War Is Peace, Ignorance Is Strength, and Freedom Is Slavery.If Orwell were alive and could observe today’s climate debate, he might have to add another inversion to the litany of deception: Balance Is Bias.In a recent column in The Guardian, climate activists John Abraham and Dana Nuccitelli claim that Fox News, the Wall Street Journal, and other conservative media provide “false balance” by featuring climate contrarians.By “disproportionately representing” climate skeptics in their global warming coverage, Abraham and Nuccitelli argue, conservative media foster the illusion of scientific controversy and hide from the public a near-universal scientific consensus.[pullquote]This criticism is a big fat empty suit. It is Abraham and Nuccitelli who mislead the public by misrepresenting what the climate debate is about.Abraham and Nuccitelli site Cook et al (2013), a study co-authored by Nuccitelli, which allegedly finds that 97% of climate scientists agree with the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) that most of the 0.7°C of global warming since 1951 is due to man-made greenhouse gases. Skeptics, they suggest, are a fringe element, unworthy of media attention.But the Cook study does not really prove what it claims to prove.The authors examined 11,944 abstracts of climate papers published between 1991-2011. They found that nearly two-thirds of the abstracts expressed no opinion on the supposed “consensus” position. So their headline – 97% of scientists agree – is inaccurate and misleading. IN 1984-speak, they are claiming Silence is Affirmation. Of the abstracts that expressed an opinion, Cook et al. claim that 97.1% (less than one-third of the original total) agree with the IPCC consensus position. But that too is a stretcher.University of Delaware Prof. David Legates and three colleagues examined the Cook team’s database, and found that less than 1% of the 11,944 abstracts explicitly endorse the so-called consensus.Is the 97% figure made up out of whole cloth? Not quite. It turns out that 97% of about one-third of the abstracts affirms or implies that humans are responsible for some portion of global warming since 1951.And guess what? Just about every prominent skeptic  agrees with that as well. As an attempt to discredit contrarians, the Cook study is a bust.The key science question for climate researchers today is not whether greenhouse gas emissions warm the planet but whether state-of-the-art computer models are accurate enough to forecast climate change and inform policy decisions. As it turns out, the IPCC’s latest ensemble of climate models produce estimates that overshoot the warming of the past 20 years by 100% and of the last 15 years by 300%.Skeptics have been pointing out the growing mismatch between models and observations for years. But if not for contrarian blogs like Watts Up With That and conservative outlets like Fox News, how would the general public ever know?The key science question for citizens and their representatives is not whether most recent warming is man-made but whether climate change, as Al Gore HAS put it, is a “planetary emergency . . . that threatens the survival of civilization and the habitability of the Earth.” As I showed on this site last week, the latest IPCC report – the Bible of consensus climatology – implicitly disavows Gore’s doomsday scenarios.Finally, the key issue for policymakers is not whether climate change poses risks but whether the proposed “solutions” – carbon taxes, cap-and-trade, and other schemes to rig the market against plentiful, affordable, reliable fossil fuels – would do more harm than good.Many scientists think green pressure groups and the IPCC exaggerate the perils of climate change, and many experts regard cap-and-trade and the like as a cure worse than the alleged disease. Thus, contrary to Abraham and Nuccitelli, the “division amongst climate experts” is real and substantial.Perhaps Abraham and Nuccitelli are frustrated by the inability of 20 years of climate treaty negotiations to slow the growth in global carbon dioxide emissions. But that failure is due to economic and technological realities, not faulty “perceptions” of climatology.For decades the climate alarm movement has been pushing “solutions” that would handicap fossil fuels rather than make alternative energy more competitive – that is, cheaper without costly subsidies. With global energy demand rapidly increasing, especially in developing countries where millions still live in poverty, the green agenda has been a dead end from day one.What amazes is that Abraham and Nuccitelli still pin their hopes on the cult of consensus. Forging an inter-governmental consensus has been the IPCC’s mission for 25 years, unavoidably politicizing climate science in the process. It has long since begun to backfire. People get suspicious when government-appointed experts define “the science” for the purpose of advancing an agenda that just happens to increase government control of energy markets.Abraham and Nuccitelli have learned nothing if they think that demanding even greater fealty to groupthink will do anything except energize skeptics and increase their popularity.The good news is that conservative media are not going to take their advice, because doing so would allow one faction of experts to monopolize the discussion. Scores of government agencies, hundreds of mainstream media outlets, and thousands of Web sites serve up daily diets of climate alarm. Presenting contrarian analysis and commentary is balance, not bias."
239	4	A climate action group consisting of lawyers says the Climate Change Commission has made a fundamental error and set the proposed cap for Aotearoa’s carbon emissions this decade too high.  Lawyers for Climate Action (LCANZI) said the error meant the commission’s draft advice to the government risked being unlawful. In its submission to the commission’s draft advice on meeting the country’s role in curbing global warming, the lawyers said its methods make future carbon “budgets” look more ambitious than they are. “Aotearoa’s international reputation and brand will be at risk if we fail to adopt budgets and policies consistent with doing our fair share to keep global warming to less than 1.5 degrees Celsius,” said Jenny Cooper QC, LCANZI’s president. READ MORE: * The mystery at the heart of the Climate Commission’s strategy * Have your say on Climate Change Commission’s historic report * National Portrait: Rod Carr, climate tsar   The lawyers group said it believed the country's emissions over the decade should be set at 400 million tonnes, far lower than the 628 million tonne level recommended by the commission in its draft advice released in late January. “This is a fundamental error that must be fixed before the advice is finalised – failing this, the advice will be unlawful, in our opinion,” said Cooper. “We consider that emissions greater than 400 million tonnes, between 2021 and 2030, cannot be justified. The commission’s advice will be highly influential in guiding government policy on climate change action, and its draft advice had already said previous targets were too low. LCANZI also took issued with the methodology used by the commission in calculating the path of the country’s emissions. “The commissions charts give the misleading appearance of emissions reducing over time, whereas our net emissions have been increasing decade-on-decade since 1990,” said the group’s submission. “(Emissions) would continue to do so in 2021-20 if the draft emissions budgets were adopted.” “This may have given the commission false comfort about the level of ambition in our targets,” said LCANZI. The lawyers also took issue with commission’s recommendation that the country should use “offshore mitigation” – effectively buying credits – to bridge the gap between actual emissions, and those committed to in the Paris Agreement. “While we do not oppose all use of offshore mitigation, the approach taken is at odds with the (Climate Change Response) Act and the Paris Agreement itself,” it said. LCANZI said despite its criticism, it supported the commission’s objectives, and its draft report contained excellent policy suggestions warranting urgent action to be put into practice. It also praised the commission's openness and willingness to engage with the group. Lawyers for Climate Action is monitoring responses to climate action policy around the country, and in February warned Auckland Council it could face legal action if its decisions did not match its promises. The city will on Tuesday finalise its draft Regional Land Transport Plan for public submissions, a plan which acknowledges it won’t reduce the region’s carbon footprint by 2031 – a year by which the council has pledge to halve emissions.
207	3	Add this to the list of decisions affected by climate change: Should I have children?It is not an easy time for people to feel hopeful, with the effects of global warming no longer theoretical, projections becoming more dire and governmental action lagging. And while few, if any, studies have examined how large a role climate change plays in people’s childbearing decisions, it loomed large in interviews with more than a dozen people ages 18 to 43.A 32-year-old who always thought she would have children can no longer justify it to herself. A Mormon has bucked the expectations of her religion by resolving to adopt rather than give birth. An Ohio woman had her first child after an unplanned pregnancy — and then had a second because she did not want her daughter to face an environmental collapse alone.Among them, there is a sense of being saddled with painful ethical questions that previous generations did not have to confront. Some worry about the quality of life children born today will have as shorelines flood, wildfires rage and extreme weather becomes more common. Others are acutely aware that having a child is one of the costliest actions they can take environmentally.The birthrate in the United States, which has been falling for a decade, reached a new low in 2016. Economic insecurity has been a major factor, but even as the economy recovers, the decline in births continues.And the discussions about the role of climate change are only intensifying.“When we first started this project, I didn’t know anybody who had had any conversations about this,” said Meghan Kallman, a co-founder of Conceivable Future, an organization that highlights how climate change is limiting reproductive choices.That has changed, she said — either because more people are having doubts, or because it has become less taboo to talk about them.If it weren’t for climate change, Allison Guy said, she would go off birth control tomorrow.But scientists’ projections, if rapid action isn’t taken, are not “congruent with a stable society,” said Ms. Guy, 32, who works at a marine conservation nonprofit in Washington. “I don’t want to give birth to a kid wondering if it’s going to live in some kind of ‘Mad Max’ dystopia.”Parents like Amanda PerryMiller, a Christian youth leader and mother of two in Independence, Ohio, share her fears.“Animals are disappearing. The oceans are full of plastic. The human population is so numerous, the planet may not be able to support it indefinitely,” said Ms. PerryMiller, 29. “This doesn’t paint a very pretty picture for people bringing home a brand-new baby from the hospital.”The people thinking about these issues fit no single profile. They are women and men, liberal and conservative. They come from many regions and religions.Cate Mumford, 28, is a Mormon, and Mormons believe God has commanded them to “multiply and replenish the earth.” But even in her teens, she said, she could not get another point of doctrine out of her head: “We are stewards of the earth.”Ms. Mumford, a graduate student in a joint-degree program at Johns Hopkins and Brigham Young Universities, plans to adopt a child with her husband. Some members of her church have responded aggressively, accusing her of going against God’s plan. But she said she felt vindicated by the worsening projections.A few years ago, she traveled to China, where air pollution is a national crisis. And all she could think was, “I’m so glad I’m not going to bring a brand-new baby into this world to suffer like these kids suffer.”For many, the drive to reproduce is not easily put aside.“If a family is what you want, you’re not just going to be able to make that disappear entirely,” said Jody Mullen, 36, a mother of two in Gillette, N.J. “You’re not just going to be able to say, ‘It’s not really good for the environment for humans to keep reproducing, so I’ll just scratch that idea.’”And so compromises emerge. Some parents resolve to raise conscientious citizens who can help tackle climate change. Some who want multiple children decide to have only one.For Sara Jackson Shumate, 37, who has a young daughter, having a second child would mean moving to a house farther from her job as a lecturer at the Metropolitan State University of Denver. She is not sure she can justify the environmental impact of a larger home and a longer commute.But for Ms. PerryMiller, the Ohio youth leader, the thinking went the opposite way: Once she had her first child, climate change made a second feel more urgent.“Someday, my husband and I will be gone,” she said. “If my daughter has to face the end of the world as we know it, I want her to have her brother there.”Laura Cornish, 32, a mother of two near Vancouver, said she felt “some pretty strong cognitive dissonance around knowing that the science is really bad but still thinking that their future will be O.K.”“I don’t read the science updates anymore because they’re too awful,” she said. “I just don’t engage with that, because it’s hard to reconcile with my choices.”People who choose not to have children are used to being called “selfish.” But many of them see their decision as a sacrifice.Parenthood is “something that I want,” said Elizabeth Bogard, 18, a freshman at Northern Illinois University. “But it’s hard for me to justify my wants over what matters and what’s important for everyone.”This attitude seems particularly common among people who have seen the effects of climate change firsthand.Hemanth Kolla is from Hyderabad, in India, where drought and scorching heat waves have been deadly. He lives in California, where the threat of wildfires is increasing and a six-year drought only recently ended. Mr. Kolla, 36, said it felt wrong to have a child when he did not believe the world would be better for him or her.And Maram Kaff, who lives in Cairo, said she had been deeply affected by reports that parts of the Middle East may be too hot for human habitation by 2100.“I’ve seen how Syrian refugees, who are running from a devastating war, are being treated,” Ms. Kaff, 33, said in an email. “Imagine how my children will be treated if they have to flee their country due to extreme weather, drought, lack of resources, flooding.”“I know that humans are hard-wired to procreate,” she said, “but my instinct now is to shield my children from the horrors of the future by not bringing them to the world.”Ms. Kallman and Josephine Ferorelli, the founders of Conceivable Future, said that the predominant emotion at their gatherings was grief — and that the very existence of these conversations should spur political action.“These stories tell you that the thing that’s broken is bigger than us,” Ms. Ferorelli said. “The fact that people are seriously considering not having children because of climate change is all the reason you need to make the demands.”Most of the people interviewed, parents and non-parents alike, lamented having to factor climate change into their decisions at all.“What kind of nightmare question is that?” asked Ms. Guy, the Washington nonprofit worker. “That we have to consider that?”
358	4	TOKYO — At 12:30 p.m. on a recent Wednesday, the Ministry of the Environment offices here were almost completely in darkness, lit only by the silver-blue glow of computer screens.All of the government ministry offices are supposed to go dark for an hour in the middle of each day to save energy and reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Satoru Morishita, deputy director general of global environment affairs at the ministry, said the policy is a daily reminder of the stakes of climate change.“We’re trying to change behaviors in addition to changing attitudes on climate change, and from that, to change the whole society,” Mr. Morishita said in an interview.But the Japanese people, particularly young people, do not seem to be heeding Mr. Morishita’s wishes. A recent government survey showed that nearly 75 percent of Japanese people ages 18 to 29 expressed interest in climate change, an impressive figure by international standards. But it is a noticeable drop from the close to 90 percent interest stated by the same age group just a few years ago.A recent survey by the Pew Research Center showed similar results: 75 percent of Japanese citizens over the age of 50 said global warming was a major threat to the country, compared with 59 percent of those ages 18 to 34.Because Japan has to import most of its energy, and because of the 2011 Fukushima nuclear plant disaster, the country has an almost obsessive interest in tackling energy issues. The apparent drop in concern by Japanese young people alarms many in government, including Mr. Morishita.“I want young people to understand that climate change is their problem, too, and to act on it,” he said.This nation’s approach to fighting climate change provides an illuminating contrast both to other countries straining to engage the public on the issue and to those that deny it altogether. While the United States took a global leadership role on climate change under President Obama, President-elect Donald J. Trump appears uncertain whether climate change is real, or if it is, how to deal with it.The Japanese people, though largely united in recognizing the threat of global warming and rising sea levels, are likely to face hurdles in reforming their energy policy, including some resistance from young people who say the nation faces more pressing problems, like the economy.To spur interest among the young and old, the government last summer began a campaign called “Cool Choice,” which encourages consumers to buy energy-efficient appliances.The country has several other energy-saving and environmental initiatives, including a complicated (to foreigners) trash-separation plan. Nevertheless the municipal recycling rate hovers around 20 percent, according to environment ministry data from 2012, the most recent year data was available, which is relatively low among developed countries. However, the amount of waste per capita is very low — in 2011, it was 902 pounds a year, compared with 1,628 in the United States.In 2005, the government unveiled “Cool Biz,” a campaign to reduce energy consumption in the summer by discouraging the use of air-conditioners and encouraging workers to dress more casually — wearing short-sleeve shirts, for instance.The program has a winter counterpart, called “Warm Biz,” which began at the same time but gained more steam after the Fukushima disaster. It encourages people to use less heat in the winter, suggesting things like holding nabe (a Japanese hot-pot dish) parties with family and friends to stay warm. This campaign also has a mascot named Attamaru, a “warm ninja” who gives tips on staying warm.In a new effort to capture young people’s attention, the government has begun studying the possible environmental benefits of the sharing economy, since this generation seems less interested in owning cars, homes or bikes, environment ministry officials said. And since many campaigns here have mascots, those officials are soliciting designs for a three-dimensional character, hopefully inspired by Hatsune Miku, a digitized pop star.So far, some young people seem unmoved by the government’s efforts.Sui William McCauley, 24, a graduate student in journalism at Waseda University here, shrugged at the public education campaigns. “That just feels like, whatever,” said Mr. McCauley, who grew up in Sendai, north of Tokyo on Japan’s main island.“Maybe if they say you should drink whiskey when it’s cold, I’ll do that,” he said.His view might reflect a much deeper generational divide in Japan, according to Midori Aoyagi, principal researcher in the Integrated Environment and Economy Section of the National Institute for Environmental Studies, who studies public opinion on climate change in Japan.She said that in her focus groups with Japanese millennials, she “always felt a kind of hopelessness” toward their everyday lives, their careers and social issues, possibly a result of having grown up during a prolonged period of economic stagnation known as the lost decades.The issue can be overwhelming. The science is complicated. We get it. This is your cheat sheet.Interviews with several Japanese students and office workers ages 22 to 26 elicited similar responses to arguments for the need for urgency on fighting climate change. The young cited the huge scale and timeline of the problem, a feeling of powerlessness, silence from the media, and preoccupation with more important issues.Several said other issues seemed more pressing for Japan than climate change: a stagnating economy, a declining population and tensions in East Asia, to name a few. Many worried about energy security — only three of the country’s 45 nuclear reactors are now operational, a result of safety concerns after Fukushima — and expressed hope that Japan would invest more in renewable energy.Most of them said they didn’t really believe that almost 75 percent of their contemporaries were actually interested in climate change. It might be considered rude in Japan to say you are not interested in something, and most Japanese people know they are supposed to care, even if that rarely translates to action.Maki Nakamatsu, 24, a graduate student at Waseda University, said the government should spend less effort on a public awareness campaign — “That’s not the point,” she said — and more on encouraging or requiring environmentally conscious behavior.In a 2007-8 Gallup World Poll, Japan had some of the world’s highest levels of awareness and understanding of climate change — at 99 and 91 percent, respectively — and the fifth-highest level when it came to thinking climate change was a serious problem (around 80 percent), possibly because climate change is taught in most schools.Japanese energy consumption has fallen every year for the past five years, but the government wants to cut energy use more deeply and faster to meet pledges made under the 2015 Paris climate accord.An inherent tension between the seeming ineffectiveness of immediate and individual action and the long view the government is trying to take here may be common to every society trying to reduce emissions and to encourage participation.Campaigns and voluntary programs like the ones Japan has started are “relatively small bore,” said Anthony Leiserowitz, a research scientist at the Yale School of Forestry and Environmental Studies and the director of its climate change communication program. “It’s very difficult for individual people to see how those behaviors relate to climate change.”That seems to be part of the problem for many young Japanese like Shota Kanai, 23, an analyst at an e-commerce company in Tokyo.“This issue is too big,” he wrote in an email, “and I feel my actions cannot make any difference.”
874	5	Republican lawmakers under pressure to address the climate crisis are trying to move beyond denying the problem and start proposing solutions. But they still refuse to commit to what scientists say is necessary if the US is to rapidly cut back on burning fossil fuels.A recent package of legislation proposed by House Republican leader Kevin McCarthy would encourage capturing climate pollutants from power plants but use them to drill for oil.It would also lead to the planting of a trillion trees to absorb carbon emissions but also ramp up logging, an idea Donald Trump has endorsed.“It’s greenwashing,” said Randi Spivak, public lands director at the Center for Biological Diversity, which organized a letter of opposition on the tree bill from dozens of environment groups to the House natural resources committee.“The science is very clear,” Spivak said. “We need to slash our carbon pollution by 50% over the next 10 years if we want to avert the worst impacts of global warming and keep global warming to a 1.5C increase.”The Republican party has seen a pendulum swing. In 2008, its election platform emphasized the importance of cutting emissions. By 2016, Donald Trump ran on a campaign of climate denial.Now at least some prominent Republicans are breaking from the president and veering away from questioning the science and toward efforts that do not directly attack the coal, oil and gas industries. Facing pushback from the far right, on the other side of the aisle they are criticized by some Democrats who believe they are not proposing legislation in good faith.Alex Flint, executive director of the Alliance for Market Solutions – a right-of-center organization that advocates reducing carbon pollution while growing the US economy – said the House bills were “directionally correct” but “need to grow to address the scale of our climate problem”.Flint’s group backs revenue-neutral carbon tax and deregulation.“I give [House Republicans] a great deal of credit for acknowledging the problem and stepping forward with proposals and recognizing that the politics of this has changed,” he said. “But also acknowledging that they are in the early stages of really substantive climate proposals.”Bruce Westerman, an Arkansas Republican who introduced the trees bill, insisted his proposal would curb emissions even as it promotes logging.When trees are cut down, they stop absorbing carbon. Westerman, a forester who worked for an engineering consulting firm in the timber, pulp and paper business, said forest managers would just plant them again.Products made from the trees would pay for continual planting, he said, and the wood would be used for sustainable buildings with lower emissions footprints.A scientist called to testify by Democrats, Yale ecology professor Carla Staver, strongly disagreed with Westerman’s proposals.Forest management is an important way to fight climate change but it is not enough and it must be done properly, experts agree. A bill from Democrats would aim to conserve forests without increasing logging and by banning oil and gas drilling on public lands if climate emissions exceed targets.Westerman told the Guardian Democrats should be working with Republicans who want to address climate change.“Even someone who’s not a forester should be able to recognize an olive branch when they see one,” he said.Even as Westerman defended his bill, the top Republican on his committee seemed to dismiss the overall effort.At the beginning of the meeting, to which he was late, Rob Bishop of Utah suggested the elevators in House office buildings would be more timely under the rule of Benito Mussolini than they are with Democrats in charge. Democratic climate proposals, he said, offered not a “silver bullet” to fix the problem but “another bullet that is going to be used to shoot ourselves in the foot”.He then showed a graph demonstrating how US heat-trapping emissions have declined over time.While the Republican bills are far from aggressive, the right of the party is pushing back. The conservative Club for Growth Pac painted the package as “stifling liberal environmental taxes, regulations, and subsidies” and vowed to withhold support from any backers.At the annual CPAC gathering near Washington, the climate change denial group the Heartland Institute presented a German teen activist who calls herself a “climate sceptic” as a foil to Greta Thunberg.In Oregon, Republican state senators fled the state capitol in order to derail a climate change bill.Despite that backdrop, the top Democrat on the House natural resources committee welcomed Westerman’s proposal. Raúl Grijalva said he hoped for a “new chapter”, focusing on solutions not denial.He said: “For too long my friends on the other side of aisle denied that this was even a real issue. They would reject or even mock the overwhelming scientific consensus that climate is warming humans are responsible and urgent action needs to be taken.”
600	3	Climate change is spreading deeper into the Earth than previously believed.The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) revealed water hundreds of feet below the surface of Lake Michigan is warming.The agency warns this could disrupt the lake's seasonal patterns, which would ultimately alter the ecosystem that evolved to adapt to the current environment.Using a 30-year dataset of deep water temperature measurements, the study found that Lake Michigan is as much as 0.06 degrees Celsius per decade and is a reflection of rising temperatures and prolonged summers.The rise in water temperatures, according to experts, could result lead to long-term shifts, alter the food chain and force fisheries into uncharted territory.Scroll down for video The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) revealed water hundreds of feet below the surface of Lake Michigan is warmingCraig Stow, a NOAA Great Lakes Environmental Research Laboratory scientist and author of the study, said: 'These changes may seem very small, a couple tenths of a degree per decade, but this has been going on for several decades now, perhaps longer than is reflected in our monitoring.'Experts have long known that Lake Michigan temperatures are rising and ice cover is dwindling as a result of human activity.The world caught a glimpse of this destruction last month, when ice covering Lake Michigan broke off and drifted away from the shoreline.Although lakes continue to change from the moment they form, Stow said this one in particular is changing much faster. Experts have long known that Lake Michigan temperatures are rising and ice cover is dwindling as a result of human activityThe world caught a glimpse of this destruction last month, when ice covering Lake Michigan broke off and drifted away from the shoreline'It when they change fast it means humans have to adapt to the changes that occur. And if we don't monitor for them we run the risk of being caught by surprise,' he continued. Using a 30-year dataset of deep water temperature measurements, NOAA Great Lakes Environmental Research Laboratory scientists investigated how Lake Michigan's seasonal mixing patterns are being influenced by climate change. Researchers found that the overall warming, ice loss and shorter winters could lead to long-term shifts, alter the food chain and force fisheries into uncharted territory.Some of the surfaces of the world's largest lakes are warming faster than ocean and air temperatures.'We've known for a while now based on surface temperatures—not just in Lake Michigan but smaller lakes and large lakes worldwide—that the surface temperatures seem to be increasing,' Stow said.Using a 30-year dataset of deep water temperature measurements, the study found that Lake Michigan is as much as 0.06 degrees Celsius per decade and is a reflection of rising temperatures and prolonged summersLake Michigan surface temperatures are estimated to be warming at a rate of as much as a third to a fourth of a degree Celsius per decade.Researchers have been investigating Lake Michigan since 1990, using a string of thermometers floating vertically in southern Lake Michigan to gather measurements. NOAA Great Lakes Environmental Research Laboratory scientists pulled together 30 years of measurements, some hourly, to track seasonal patterns far below the surface.Researchers have been investigating Lake Michigan since 1990, using a string of thermometers floating vertically in southern Lake Michigan to gather measurementsIn deeper water, warming is estimated to be as much as .06 degrees Celsius per decade.'This is a big lake,' Stow said. 'That's a lot of water. That's a lot of change.'It could have been that we'd only see an effect down in the first 30 or 40 meters,' Stow said. 'But we saw it down really far.'Lakes can serve as 'climate change sentinels,' the study says, and deep water measurements can be particularly important because they provide a 'climate memory.''What we can see from this data is a reflection of larger scale and longer-term processes,' Stow said. 'They're not obscured by the noise that might occur from a couple very warm or a couple very cold years.'Records dating back to 1973 show the area has also experienced ice loss.The Great Lakes has had a five percent decline per decade and Lake Michigan's ice coverage decline is about 3.6 percent.Lake Michigan is dimictic, meaning there's a top-to-bottom mix of the water column twice a year. With warmer surface temperatures, the fall mixing cycle is starting later, leading to a shortened cooling period for deep waters and a longer summer period without mixing.'The organisms that live there, the plankton and the fish, are used to the lake the way it was,' Stow said. 'They evolved over thousands of years to take advantage of those systems that mixed twice a year.'If the lake changes to warm monomictic, mixing once a year, Stow said it would signal fundamental change.
509	5	"Members of the Samoan Red Cross visit people in their homes to assess the damage caused by Tropical Cyclone Gita. Photo / Red CrossThe people of the Pacific talk about climate change like New Zealanders talk about nuclear warfare.It's the most frightening and uncontrollable threat to their existence and a very real factor in their everyday lives. In just one day in Samoa, the concern carried by its people was obvious.Standing on a mangrove walkway near Vailima, about 4km south of the country's capital, one man frowns deeply as he points out nearby homes. At high tide the water is level with them, he tells me. When he was young, it barely came within 5m of the house.The walkway itself is no longer walkable, seeming to plough below the water's surface some way along. It was built not that long ago, and is now underwater most of the day. ""A shame,"" another says. But it's not said with surprise.At a meeting with the Samoan Prime Minister, Jacinda Ardern promises $3 million more in aid. At a luncheon the Climate Change Minister James Shaw promises New Zealand will do everything it can to help the country brace for, and slow down, devastating climate changes. He says we can't do it alone; we need the world on board.Nobody knows that more than those seated at the tables around him.They're literally at risk of being refugees, but not because their country is fighting a war, is completely without resources to survive, or is threatened by human power. But because of where they are. The actions of the rest of the world in continuing to burn fossil fuels, in releasing carbon emissions into the atmosphere and in denying the existence of man-made climate change are making this situation worse and worse.The Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern said during her election campaign that climate change is her generation's nuclear-free movement.If she's truly going to stand by her words, she must smell the emissions on deniers' breath and truly change the way New Zealanders view the issue. She must stand by her statements in the Pacific this week.It took three decades for nuclear activism to turn into the piece of legislation that saw us become world leaders on the topic. And the climate movement began around 1990, nearly three decades ago. For our Pacific neighbours, we must become world leaders on this issue too.A lot is riding on Shaw's Zero Carbon Act.It's time we looked outside our own backyard and into our neighbour's, and realised there are changes we can make right now to help them out."
434	5	"Do you remember the good old days when we had ""12 years to save the planet""?Now it seems, there's a growing consensus that the next 18 months will be critical in dealing with the global heating crisis, among other environmental challenges. Last year, the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) reported that to keep the rise in global temperatures below 1.5C this century, emissions of carbon dioxide would have to be cut by 45% by 2030. But today, observers recognise that the decisive, political steps to enable the cuts in carbon to take place will have to happen before the end of next year. The idea that 2020 is a firm deadline was eloquently addressed by one of the world's top climate scientists, speaking back in 2017.""The climate math is brutally clear: While the world can't be healed within the next few years, it may be fatally wounded by negligence until 2020,"" said Hans Joachim Schellnhuber, founder and now director emeritus of the Potsdam Climate Institute.The sense that the end of next year is the last chance saloon for climate change is becoming clearer all the time.""I am firmly of the view that the next 18 months will decide our ability to keep climate change to survivable levels and to restore nature to the equilibrium we need for our survival,"" said Prince Charles, speaking at a reception for Commonwealth foreign ministers recently.The Prince was looking ahead to a series of critical UN meetings that are due to take place between now and the end of 2020. Ever since a global climate agreement was signed in Paris in December 2015, negotiators have been consumed with arguing about the rulebook for the pact. But under the terms of the deal, countries have also promised to improve their carbon-cutting plans by the end of next year. One of the understated headlines in last year's IPCC report was that global emissions of carbon dioxide must peak by 2020 to keep the planet below 1.5C.  Current plans are nowhere near strong enough to keep temperatures below the so-called safe limit. Right now, we are heading towards 3C of heating by 2100 not 1.5. As countries usually scope out their plans over five and 10 year timeframes, if the 45% carbon cut target by 2030 is to be met then the plans really need to be on the table by the end of 2020. The first major hurdle will be the special climate summit called by UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres, which will be held in New York on 23 September. Mr Guterres has been clear that he only wants countries to come to the UN if they can make significant offers to improve their national carbon cutting plans. This will be followed by COP25 in Santiago, Chile, where the most important achievement will likely be keeping the process moving forward. But the really big moment will most likely be in the UK at COP26, which takes place at the end of 2020.The UK government believes it can use the opportunity of COP26, in a post-Brexit world, to show that Britain can build the political will for progress, in the same way the French used their diplomatic muscle to make the Paris deal happen. ""If we succeed in our bid (to host COP26) then we will ensure we build on the Paris agreement and reflect the scientific evidence accumulating now that we need to go further and faster,"" said Environment Secretary Michael Gove, in what may have been his last major speech in the job.   ""And we need at COP26 to ensure other countries are serious about their obligations and that means leading by example. Together we must take all the steps necessary to restrict global warming to at least 1.5C.""Whether it's the evidence of heatwaves, or the influence of Swedish school striker Greta Thunberg, or the rise of Extinction Rebellion, there has been a marked change in public interest in stories about climate change and a hunger for solutions that people can put in place in their own lives. People are demanding significant action, and politicians in many countries have woken up to these changes. Ideas like the green new deal in the US, which might have seemed unfeasible a few years ago have gained real traction. Some countries like the UK have gone even further and legislated for net zero emissions by 2050, the long-term goal that will keep temperatures down.Prince Charles' sense that the next 18 months are critical is shared by some climate negotiators.""Our group of small island developing states share Prince Charles's sense of the profound urgency for ambitious climate action,"" said ambassador Janine Felson from Belize who is the chief strategist for the Alliance of Small Island States group in the UN.""All at once we are witness to a collective convergence of public mobilisation, worsening climatic impacts and dire scientific warnings that compel decisive climate leadership.""""Without question, 2020 is a hard deadline for that leadership to finally manifest itself."" With exquisite timing, the likely UK COP in 2020 could also be the moment the US finally pulls out of the Paris agreement. But if Donald Trump doesn't prevail in the presidential election that position could change, with a democrat victor likely to reverse the decision.Either step could have huge consequences for the climate fight. Right now a number of countries seem keen to slow down progress. Last December the US, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and Russia blocked the IPCC special report on 1.5C from UN talks. Just a few weeks ago in Bonn, further objections from Saudi Arabia meant it was again dropped from the UN negotiations, much to annoyance of small island states and developing nations. There will be significant pressure on the host country to ensure substantial progress. But if there's ongoing political turmoil around Brexit then the government may not have the bandwidth to unpick the multiple global challenges that climate change presents.""If we cannot use that moment to accelerate ambition we will have no chance of getting to a 1.5 or 2C limit,"" said Prof Michael Jacobs, from the University of Sheffield, a former climate adviser to Prime Minister Gordon Brown. ""Right now there's nothing like enough understanding of, or commitment to, this among leading countries. That's why the UN Secretary General is holding a summit in September.""It's great that the COP might be in UK because we have a big civil society ecosystem and much higher climate awareness than in most other countries. But the movement here has barely started to think about how to apply sufficient pressure.""   There's also been a strong warning shot from the UK's Committee on Climate Change (CCC).At the launch of their review of progress made by the UK government on tackling climate change, the country was found not to be on track despite legislating for net zero emissions by 2050.""The government must show it is serious about its legal obligationsâ¦[its] credibility really is at stake here,"" said CCC chief executive Chris Stark.""There is a window over the next 12-18 months to do something about this. If we don't see that, I fear the government will be embarrassed at COP26.""And it's not all about climate changeWhile the decisions taken on climate change in the next year or so will be critical, there are a number of other key gatherings on the environment that will shape the nature on preserving species and protecting our oceans in the coming decades.Earlier this year a major study on the losses being felt across the natural world as result of broader human impacts caused a huge stir among governments. The IPBES report showed that up to one million species could be lost in coming decades. To address this, governments will meet in China next year to try to agree a deal that will protect creatures of all types.The Convention on Biological Diversity is the UN body tasked with putting together a plan to protect nature up to 2030. Next year's meeting could be a ""Paris agreement"" moment for the natural world.  If agreement is found it's likely there will be an emphasis on sustainable farming and fishing. It will urge greater protection for species and a limit on deforestation. Next year, the UN Convention on the Laws of the Sea will also meet to negotiate a new global oceans treaty.This has the potential to make a real difference, according to UK Environment Secretary Michael Gove. ""We have been convinced by the evidence of environmental degradation which occurs without adequate protection,"" he said in a speech last week. ""And that is why the United Kingdom has taken the lead in ensuring at least 30% of the ocean we are responsible for is protected by 2030 - a trebling of the present target. We will be asking all nations to sign up to that goal.""If all this comes to pass, the world might have a fighting chance of preserving our natural environment. But the challenges are huge, the political involvement patchy.So don't hold your breath!"
585	5	"Agriculture groups say Climate Change Commission too optimistic on potential for cuts. Photo / FileBrian Fallow is a former economics editor of The New Zealand HeraldOPINION:""Unfeasible and unfair"" — that pretty much sums up the reaction of  pastoral farming sector groups to the Climate Change Commission's draft plan for reducing agricultural emissions out to 2035.         The latest national         greenhouse gas inventory, released this week, tells us that  enteric methane — belched out by  ruminant animals and  much the largest source of emissions from farms — made up 37 per cent of national emissions in 2019. That is too large a share to be left in the too-hard basket.        But the inventory also tells us that the increase in annual enteric methane emissions since 1990 has been only 5.5 per cent, when gross emissions from all sources have risen by 26 per cent over that period. Between 2018 and 2019, enteric methane emissions increased at only one-tenth of the pace of emissions generally.This suggests they are not the most pressing problem; carbon dioxide from fossil fuel use is.The commission's draft advice contends that methane emissions from agriculture can be reduced by 13 per cent by 2030 and 16 per cent by 2035 while maintaining current  meat and milk production levels.And it believes this can be achieved by the widespread adoption of current best practice; it does not rely on technological advances like methane inhibitors or genetically modified ryegrass.Instead, it extrapolates forward the past  rates of improvement in two trends.One trend is productivity. That is, output of meat and milk per head of livestock.The other is emissions intensity, or the ""embedded"" methane emissions per kilogram of meat or milksolids. That has been falling at a rate of about 1 per cent a year.The commission's cheerful conclusion is that New Zealand should be able to maintain current levels of meat and dairy production over the next 14 years, even as livestock numbers fall by 15 per cent.Federated Farmers, in its submission  responding  to the commission's draft report, accuses it of trying to avoid making difficult decisions by drawing on modelling that concludes that, at least in the short to medium term, you can ""have your climate action cake and eat it too"". But the modelling, Federated Farmers believes, was informed by overly optimistic data.Dairy NZ argues that the increase in milksolids production per cow (about 1.4 per cent a year for the past 10 years) cannot be projected forward.That productivity gain has reflected a couple of trends which have run their course.One is the conversion to dairying of highly productive land in Southland and Canterbury, which produces greater than average milksolids per cow.The other trend is greater use of supplementary feed, including imported palm kernel extract, to boost production in the shoulders of the pasture-growing season.But with many regional councils' plans prohibiting further intensification and dairy conversions, the historical increase in milksolids per cow should not be projected forward, Dairy NZ says.It also argues that the commission is being naive if it assumes that every option for reducing emissions can be implemented on every farm at once. ""Some farmers are already making these changes while others have limited options.""The national inventory tells us that since 1990 there has been a gradual but sustained increase in methane emissions per head of all the major ruminant species — ""emission factors"" in the jargon — associated with the increased productivity.""Increases in animal liveweight and milk yield per animal require increased feed intake per animal to meet energy demands,"" it says.And there is — or has been so far — a linear relationship between dry matter intake and methane emissions.The result has been higher emissions of methane per animal, and for that matter nitrous oxide, another greenhouse gas.On the inventory's numbers, methane emission factors for dairy cattle and sheep have both increased at a compound annual growth rate of 0.78 per cent a year between 1990 and 2019, and by 0.54 per cent a year for beef cattle.So there is a tension between these two trends: increasing emissions per head as livestock get heavier and need to eat more on the one hand, and falling emissions per kilogram of meat or milksolids on the other.Whether the latter trend will in future dominate the former  to the extent the Climate Change Commission expects is the question. The industry bodies doubt it, to put it mildly.They also make the point that the commission's projected fall in enteric methane emissions by 2030 is one third larger than the 10 per cent target cut from 2017 levels enshrined in the Zero Carbon Act.Dairy NZ regards 10 per cent as already a stretch target.Beef + Lamb goes further and contends that the 10 per cent target is already unfair in that it was not based on the latest science on the warming impacts of emissions of methane, given that it is a potent but short-lived greenhouse gas.Beef + Lamb argues that the commission is asking farmers to make sacrifices which will have a cooling impact on the planet so that other New Zealanders can continue to do things which will have a warming impact. And that is neither fair nor efficient.This is based on an arcane but important debate about the relative merits of the measures known as GWP100 and GWP* when it comes to comparing the warming impact of a short-lived ""flow"" gas like methane with long-lived ""stock"" gases like carbon dioxide.Oxford University researcher Michelle Cain explains it like this: ""Consider a power station and a herd of cows. A power station emits CO2 by burning fossil fuels. This CO2 is taxed. When it shuts down permanently, it emits no more CO2, so is no longer taxed. However, the CO2 already emitted continues to affect the climate for hundreds, or potentially, thousands of years. So even after closing down, that power station still contributes to holding up global temperatures because of the CO2 that remains in the atmosphere.""Now to the cows. A herd of cows emits methane, so the farmer is taxed for those emissions. If the herd remains the same size with the same methane emissions every year, it will maintain the same amount of additional methane in the atmosphere year on year. In terms of its contribution to warming, this is equivalent to the closed power station.""The power station pushed up global temperatures when it was running in the past, just as the farmer's great-grandparent pushed up global temperatures when they were building up the herd of cattle. But neither a steady herd of cattle nor a defunct power station is pushing up global temperatures any more.""Federated Farmers quotes the commission's own evidence report back at it: ""When GWP100 is used to look at mitigation scenarios over long timeframes, it does not provide robust estimates of actual temperature outcomes. It does not give good information for making decisions about trade-offs between reducing methane emissions vis-a-vis carbon dioxide emissions when considering trajectories for, or compliance with, temperature targets such as the 1.5C goals in the Climate Change Response Act.""It remains to be seen whether these arguments about feasibility and fairness will cut any ice with the commission when it releases its final advice. It will then be up to the Government to decide to what extent it follows that advice.The risk it would run if the final policy changes are seen as unreasonably hard on pastoral farmers is that it will strengthen the forces of reaction on climate within the National Party caucus, among whom Judith Collins is perhaps the most conspicuous example.That could undermine one of the key objectives of the Zero Carbon Act, which National supported, namely to remove climate policy from the arena of partisan politics, so  the necessary investments can be made with confidence."
34	4	"Buildings could be among the items people value in Horizons Regional Council's consultation on climate change. Photo / Supplied Laurel Stowell is a reporter for the Whanganui ChronicleThe heads of the Horizons region's eight councils are to form a Climate Action Committee that will work across the region.Horizons region councillors approved the committee at their August 25 meeting. It will eventually receive a regional climate change risk assessment, and an inventory of the region's greenhouse gas emissions.An initial regional action plan has been drafted and will be moved toward a climate action strategy by the end of this year.The committee will have one representative from each council: a mayor, chief executive or their delegate.Iwi/Māori representatives could be added if regional chiefs agree, Horizons strategy and regulation manager Nic Peet said.The group will meet three to four times a year and Horizons will pay for its administration.The cost was unlikely to top $10,000, Horizons strategy and policy adviser Tom Bowen said.The committee's meetings will be publicly advertised. The first is expected in December.""In recent years activist groups have criticised local authorities – in New Zealand and overseas – for apparent inaction and a perceived lack of transparency in their responses to climate change,"" Bowen said.""Establishing a Climate Action Committee and conducting its business in the public domain may go some way toward allaying those concerns.""Councillor Fiona Gordon liked the word ""action"" in the committee's name.""It might be just a word but it has an important meaning, so I'm looking forward to some climate action at a regional level,"" she said.Starting on September 7, and for the next two months, Horizons will engage with its community about climate change, using social and other media. The responses will be used in the risk assessment.There will be a short survey but much of the consultation will take place online, using a tool called Social Pinpoint. People will be asked to mark things they value on an interactive map.Those things could be tangible, such as buildings and native species, or intangible such as social cohesion and cultural values. People will be prompted by information on the council's climate change page, and by a list of possible values.Those without access to the internet will be able to record their priorities on paper."
634	1	Sky News host Chris Kenny says it “really worried” him that Reserve Bank Governor Phillip Lowe said it wasn’t his job to “decipher the science of global warming or even recommend the policy responses”.Mr Lowe said on Thursday climate change was “already having an economic impact,” however Mr Kenny said, “you only have to check your power bill to know climate change policies are having an economic impact, but climate change?”“Little wonder then the Reserve Bank Governor Phillip Lowe has confirmed today that this will cut our economic growth, probably by about half a per cent,” he said. “Our constant wrangling over climate policy is a real drag on the economy, and our constant global warming hysteria, complete with fear-mongering and fake news undermines consumer confidence and creates anxiety.“There can't be another country in the world that wastes so much time, and energy, on climate change debates.”Image: Getty
433	5	"Unless a rich benefactor steps in, the role of human-induced climate change in Cyclone Idai is unlikely to be clearly determined. The scientists with the expertise simply don't have the resources to do the large amount of computer modelling required. However, there are a number of conclusions about rising temperatures that researchers have gleaned from previous studies on tropical cyclones in the region.  While Cyclone Idai is the seventh such major storm of the Indian Ocean season - more than double the average for this time of year - the long-term trend does not support the idea that these type of events are now more frequent. ""The interesting thing for the area is that the frequency of tropical cyclones has decreased ever so slightly over the last 70 years,"" said Dr Jennifer Fitchett from the University of the Witwatersrand in South Africa who has studied the question.""Instead, we are getting a much higher frequency of high-intensity storms.""Climate change is also changing a number of factors in the background that are contributing to making the impact of these storms worse.  ""There is absolutely no doubt that when there is a tropical cyclone like this, then because of climate change the rainfall intensities are higher,"" said Dr Friederike Otto, from the University of Oxford, who has carried a number of studies looking at the influence of warming on specific events. ""And also because of sea-level rise, the resulting flooding is more intense than it would be without human-induced climate change.""A poor country with a long coastline, Mozambique is especially vulnerable to storms sweeping in from the Indian Ocean. More than 700 lives were lost during a devastating flood there nearly 20 years ago. I was one of many journalists reporting on the plight of communities submerged. One woman, stranded in a tree, was forced to give birth among the branches. A huge international response saw the Royal Air Force send six helicopters to rescue survivors. Back then, the priority was to save lives. Little thought was given to rebuilding homes and infrastructure with new designs to help them withstand future storms. Development experts have long argued that reconstruction should enshrine the principle of resilience, with roads raised high enough to stay dry in floods and houses made robust enough to resist cyclone-strength winds. There are plenty of examples of how this forward-thinking can help. In low-lying Bangladesh, there are schools built on high ground which can serve as refuges during storms.  And as the potential effects of climate change become better understood, there's growing recognition of the need for communities to adapt to what could be tougher conditions ahead. One critical factor in the Southern Indian Ocean that is having an impact on these storms is sea-surface temperatures. Warmer seas mean there is more energy available for cyclones, which only form when the water reaches 26 degrees C.  These storms also need help from the Earth's rotation to get them spinning. This rotating effect gets stronger the further you move away from the Equator and towards the poles. However, in previous decades, the further away you were from the Equator meant the cooler the seas became and so any tropical cyclones that formed didn't have the energy to keep going. Now climate change is impacting that relationship.""Under increasing sea-surface temperatures, we are seeing the line of constant temperature required for these storms to form moving further and further towards the South Pole,"" said Dr Fitchett.  ""So it is increasing the range in which these storms can form and that's then allowing them to intensify so quickly."" But it's not just a simple equation. Higher sea-surface temperatures can also work against the formation of cyclones. ""On the one hand, you have the higher ocean temperatures and that lends more energy for tropical cyclones to form,"" said Dr Otto. ""But you also have higher temperatures in the atmosphere which leads to more wind shear, which weakens hurricanes.""According to researchers, about seven different ocean or atmospheric conditions are required for cyclone formation and normally only a couple of these occur. However, because of climate change, more and more of these conditions are coinciding with each other and that's why these big storms happen very quickly. Whatever arguments about the impacts of climate change on tropical cyclones, the damage caused in Mozambique has much more to do with the vulnerability of people on the ground than rising temperatures. ""If you look at North America, they are experiencing Category 5 cyclones quite regularly now, and they don't experience the level of damage that Mozambique is seeing,"" said Dr Fitchett.""When a storm like this comes along, the potential for devastation is infinitely higher. A city like Beria is at much higher risk, because not only have you many more people there, it's also so much more difficult for them to get out."" "
311	3	Related video: Climate Change Commission releases draft plan on New Zealand reaching zero emissions.  Credits: Video - Newshub; Image - Getty ImagesBy Susan J. Prichard, Keala Hagmann, and Paul Hessburg for The ConversationAfter so many smoke-filled summers and record-setting burns, residents of Western North America are no strangers to wildfires. Still, many questions are circulating about why forest fires are becoming larger and more severe – and what can be done about it.Is climate change fueling these fires? Does the long history of fighting every fire play a role? Should we leave more fires to burn? What can be done about Western forests’ vulnerability to wildfires and climate change?We invited 40 fire and forest ecologists living across the Western US and Canada to examine the latest research and answer these questions in a set of studies published Aug. 2, 2021. Collectively, we are deeply concerned about the future of Western forests and communities under climate change.So, why are wildfires getting worse?Climate change is a big part of it. Summer wildfire seasons are already 40 to 80 days longer on average than they were 30 years ago. Annual droughts are more pronounced, making it easier for fuels to dry out and fires to ignite and spread. Extreme weather events, marked by dry fuels, lightning storms and strong winds, are also increasingly common and provide essential ingredients for rapid fire growth, as witnessed by the Bootleg Fire burning in Oregon and record-setting fires in California and Colorado in 2020.Ironically, a chronic lack of fire in Western landscapes also contributes to increased fire severity and vulnerability to wildfires. It allows dry brush and live and dead trees to build up, and with more people living in wildland areas to spark blazes, pressure to fight every forest fire has increased the risk of extreme fire.Historically, fire was a regular visitor to most Western forests, except moist locations like those along the Pacific Northwest coast and in British Columbia. Frequent or periodic fires from Indigenous burning and lightning strikes created patchworks of grasslands, shrublands and regenerating forests of all ages.Past fires influence the way subsequent fires burn and what they leave behind. For example, Indigenous burning practices not only enhance cultural resources and wildlife habitat but also reduce the amount and connectedness of fuels that drive large, severe wildfires. Similarly, patchy burns from lightning ignitions create forest landscapes that are less likely to burn all at once.The US and Canada effectively suppress all but 2-3 percent of wildfire starts. However, this small percentage of fires burn at the height of each fire season, when dry conditions and extreme fire weather thwart even the most aggressive attempts to suppress them.Unintentionally, by focusing on short-term risks of wildfires, the US is predisposing forests to burn under the very worst conditions. Active fire suppression contributes to what is often referred to as the wildland fire paradox – the more we prevent fires in the short term, the worse wildfires become when they return.In one of the new studies, Paul Hessburg and co-authors explain how fire managers can mitigate the severity of future fires by managing fire-excluded forests to foster resilience to wildfires and drought. Management approaches include thinning dense forests, reducing fuels through prescribed burning and managing wildfires to restore more typical patterns of forests, meadows, shrublands and woodlands.In a second paper, Keala Hagmann and her co-authors describe how more than a century of fire exclusion and past forest management practices have jeopardized forest biodiversity and social and ecological values, including culturally important resources, the quantity and quality of water, stability of carbon stores, recreation and air quality.For example, fire exclusion has compromised aspen stands – biodiversity hot spots for everything from bears to butterflies. Increased forest cover diverts water from downslope meadows, allowing conifer forests to further encroach on aspen habitat.Amid the daunting reality of climate change and severe wildfires, there is a path forward for Western forests.In a third article, Susan Prichard and her co-authors examine which adaptive forest management approaches have worked to increase resilience to wildfires and climate change. There is strong scientific evidence that fuel reduction treatments – including forest thinning, prescribed burning, Indigenous cultural burning and managed wildfires – are effective approaches for mitigating future fire impacts to Western forests. However, land managers can’t expect these treatments to work if they are applied to only a small fraction of Western forest landscapes.When combined, forest thinning and prescribed burning in dry ponderosa pine and in dry and moist mixed-conifer forests have been shown to be highly effective at reducing the fire damage to forests. However, this type of treatment is not appropriate for all forest types. Fire managers in some wilderness areas and national parks have allowed fires started by lightning to burn in some wind and weather conditions. Over the past 40-plus years, these wildfires have been allowed to burn and reburn landscapes, generally limiting the size and severity of subsequent wildfires.Given the immense diversity of Western forests, there is no one-size-fits-all solution. However, in forests that historically supported more frequent fire, revitalizing and continuing cultural burning practices, prescribed burning, and forest thinning combined with prescribed burning can reduce overcrowding and the potential for severe fires. Thinning and prescribed burning aren’t appropriate or feasible everywhere. In reality, only a portion of landscapes can be treated this way. Allowing wildfires to burn in more areas under moderate weather conditions is also part of the solution.Promoting resilient Western forests will require that our society builds a new relationship with fire by creating fire-adapted communities and looking for opportunities to restore fire to Western forest landscapes.In this era of warmer, drier summers and longer fire seasons, there are no fire- or smoke-free solutions. The current approach to fire management poses unnecessarily high stakes for Western forests. There is no doubt that the future of Western forests is a fiery one. How we choose to live with fire is still up to us.This article is republished from The Conversation under a Creative Commons license. Read the original article here.
701	5	The Government’s decision to quadruple its international climate aid programme has been criticised by National. But Oxfam have endorsed the move as long overdue. The Government announced on Monday morning it would look to spend $1.3 billion in climate-related aid funding over the next four years, four times how much it had been planning to spend. At least half of the funding would go towards the Pacific.  READ MORE: * Climate change: New Zealand to quadruple climate cash for poor countries to $1.3 billion * Climate change: ‘We vulnerable countries are not asking for much’ * New Zealand’s Paris emissions reduction target inequitable and insufficient, Oxfam says  Climate Change Minister James Shaw made the announcement not long before leaving for the COP26 climate change summit in Glasgow, saying New Zealand’s aid commitment would basically match the UK’s per-capita contribution. He said it went far further towards a pledge wealthy nations made in 2016 to raise US$100b a year (NZ$141b) for climate finance. “Developed nations must step up and deliver on that promise. It’s time for Aotearoa New Zealand to do our fair share,” Shaw said. This would go towards mitigation projects to manage the impacts of climate change, projects to lower emissions, and to climate science. Shaw said some countries in the Pacific particularly exposed to sea-level rise and worsening extreme weather events were already spending large swaths of their budgets on fighting climate change, and would need help. “The Cook Islands estimated that 25 per cent of their annual budget is spent on climate-related costs – whether it is cleaning up after the last cyclone or trying to build stronger infrastructure and housing to resist the next cyclone,” Shaw said. “If you apply that to New Zealand that would be more than we spend on health or education – that’s what they spend on climate-related costs.” The money will be spent over 2022-2025 and is a pre-budget commitment for the Budget 2022. National’s climate change spokesman Stuart Smith said it was the wrong time to spend the money. “The $1.3b contribution is a four-fold increase to what was previously given. At a time when our biggest city remains heavily restricted and businesses are struggling, is now really the right time to be increasing our overseas aid?” Smith said. “Our Pacific neighbours are hugely important to us. Reducing the total amount of climate aid but giving 100 per cent of it to the Pacific would be far more meaningful, given the circumstances.” Shaw said the Government was easily capable of “walking and chewing gum at the same time” and could spend what it needed to cushion the effects of Covid-19 while not shirking on foreign aid. “The climate crisis has not gone away just because there is a pandemic,” Shaw said. New Zealand has borrowed to get through the pandemic but still has far lower public debt than most of its peers. Oxfam Aotearoa boss Rachael Le Mesurier welcomed the news. The organisation has previously criticised New Zealand’s contribution, saying that it ranked 21 of 23 high-income countries for its financial commitment to climate aid. “This new commitment will go a long way to increasing New Zealand’s ranking. It would put Aotearoa New Zealand just within the range of what Oxfam concluded would be its fair share towards a collective goal to mobilise $100 billion a year for developed countries,” Le Mesurier said.
475	5	OPINION: Centrally planned government programmes that direct an economy to deliver political objectives have nasty unintended consequences. Last week, the Climate Commission outlined its ambitious programme to direct the economy to deliver the political objective of reducing carbon emissions. The Commission’s report proposes radical changes to the way our economy and society functions and is both remarkably optimistic on the costs of this transition and largely silent on the risks of such a major overhaul. There is no better example than in the Commission’s approach to electric vehicles and the electricity infrastructure required to power them. Currently there are just over 20,000 electric vehicles on our roads while the national fleet is over 4 million. Without government interference, the demand for Telsas and Leafs will continue to grow. Those responsible for managing and maintaining our transmission and distribution assets will begin upgrading capacity in anticipation of future demand. Indeed, Transpower has already begun this process. READ MORE: * How to cut emissions from transport: ban fossil fuel cars, electrify transport and get people walking and cycling * Australia a handbrake on clean car ambitions * 'Not transformational': climate commission's blueprint disappoints green activists * 'The Government will not hold back': Jacinda Ardern on how NZ could go zero carbon  However, the Commission has proposed banning the importing of non-electric vehicles as soon as 2030 – nine years away. It has also proposed the gradual dismantling of our natural gas networks, shifting more load towards electricity. We typically import 150,000 cars annually. The strain on our electrical infrastructure of both the increase in electric vehicles and shift away from reticulated gas will require a great leap forward not only in the capacity of electricity transmission and distribution but also in generation. The Commission’s report is silent on the level of capital required and simply assumes, “Continuing to build new electricity generation and transmission infrastructure throughout the 2020s would avoid construction bottlenecks and potential delays...”  I am not going to predict what the unintended consequences of forcing a massive change on the fleet and electrical demands on our existing network could be. But when bureaucrats demand the impossible, things go wrong. Our cities run on electricity and our vehicle fleet is powered by a vast amount of imported fuel. The Commission is proposing to impose a massive top-down alteration on these vital components of our economy and society in a very tight time-frame. It has not done anywhere enough research to understand how this is going to work. It will not work. The system will break and it will break in unexpected and unpredictable ways, just as it did in 1998 when Auckland experienced five weeks of rolling blackouts that reduced the city to an eerie silence. But even if we can bring power to the people, where will this power come from? Over 80 per cent of our energy comes from renewables – hydro mostly. The problem with getting electricity from dams is that sometimes it does not rain. We solve this problem by having a reserve capacity of coal and natural gas. The Commission wants to phase out coal-fired generation, which means Huntly's units - which currently burn natural gas and coal - will need to run solely on natural gas.  Huntly is the back-stop of our electricity network. When we have a dry winter we use Huntly to keep the lights on. Literally. We have an abundance of coal while our gas fields are ageing and mostly off-shore. Restricting our back-up generation capacity to gas only is not without risks, especially as this government has put an end to future offshore oil and gas exploration. The Commission’s own analysis confirms, “However hydro lakes only hold enough generation (storage) for a few weeks of winter electricity demand if inflows (rain and snow melt) are very low … and the electricity system relies more heavily on fossil fuel generation to meet electricity demand.” Our main hydro lakes are in the South Island. Most of our population is not. As we have yet to perfect super-conductors there is substantial electricity loss in getting kilowatts across the Cook Strait. Given this, you would hope that the Commission had a credible plan to generate enough juice to keep the country running. Readers, it does not. Wind and solar are going to emerge from their current five per cent of the nation’s generation to a third. Not only is this unrealistic, it does not solve the dry year problem, as the Commission’s report concedes.  But these are minor critiques compared to the larger failure of this report.  We are committed to net zero emissions of long-lived gas and cutting methane by as much as 47 per cent by 2050. New Zealand is leading the world in reducing carbon emissions in the same way we led the world in female suffrage. Fine. Just because something is hard, does not mean that we should not do it. The stakes are incredibly high and there is some value in providing moral leadership. I have been convinced that carbon emissions pose an existential threat to our way of living. But we should be honest about the costs and the risks. The claim by the Commission that “the overall costs of meeting the country’s targets and our proposed emissions budgets are estimated at less than 1 per cent of projected annual GDP” is remarkably optimistic. Regulation is about forcing individuals to act counter to the way they would if left undisturbed. It comes with both the direct costs of paying the regulators and the opportunity cost of diverted economic activity. It seems the Commission has done no research on the economic dead-weight-loss of its proposals nor on the risks inherent in such a major re-working of our economy. Which brings me the largest failure of this report. The real inconvenient truth. That of nuclear energy. A topic so fraught the report failed to mention it. Before we commit to re-engineering our economy in such a way that it might conceivably fail, those proposing the change have a moral duty to consider all the options and put them before the public. What are the risks? What are the benefits? Are we simply refusing to face this option because it is politically unpalatable, or are the challenges in our geologically unstable land too great? The world – and nuclear technology – has evolved since David Lange’s uranium moment. We are living with new threats and evolving technologies. Failing to even consider the nuclear alternative raises in the mind of a reasonable person the possibility that this report is driven by ideology and not an objective analysis underpinned by scientific enquiry.
331	3	" Credits: NewshubThe Government is considering tweaking immigration settings to take climate change refugees.It has been a week of relentless diplomacy in New York, with not a lot of sleep. The Prime Minister's spent her days schmoozing and being schmoozed by world leaders, while her nights were spent between juggling bath time for baby Neve and writing speeches.Many of those focused on climate change, and Jacinda Ardern has revealed to Newshub she isn't ruling out New Zealand taking climate refugees.""We're looking at creating an immigration plan that looks to the Pacific, and what options there might be within the existing arrangements.""Climate refugees are people displaced from their homes because of the impact of climate change.The existing refugee quota is being lifted from 1000 to 1500 in 2020, an increase announced recently after public in-fighting between the Government's coalition partners.""Because we already have a quota scheme, whether or not you could focus them on areas that are climate affected is potentially an option,"" says Ms Ardern.New York City doesn't look particularly climate-friendly during leader's week, with monster motorcades ruling the streets. But while in New York the Government announced an extra $25 million a year to combat climate change in the Pacific.The Prime Minister argues New Zealand needs to help prevent the damage, not be the ambulance at the bottom of the cliff.But New Zealand risks looking like it's all hat not cattle, talking a big game on a big stage about climate change but failing to take leadership on climate refugees."
473	0	How do we centre Indigenous people in the conversations around climate change?R&R with Eru & K'Lee is a lively current events show with a unique Māori perspective. Te reo speakers K'Lee and Eru deliver entertaining and intelligent discussions on issues arising from popular culture and our modern lifestyles.Subscribe to the R&R podcast on iTunes, Spotify, Omny, and all major podcast apps. Watch the latest episode of R&R on Three.
615	4	Experts have warned that New York City could one day be submerged by rising sea levels and now that the US has pulled out of the Paris Agreement, many Americans are left wondering what the future holds for the Big Apple.However, a video has surfaced online that has revealed the catastrophic effects of climate change on the massive city, which could become a reality over the next 60 to 80 years.Tops of skyscrapers are barely peeking out of the murky water, streets have been transformed into flowing rivers and what was once home to 8.4 million people, is depicted as a ghost town in the shocking footage.Scroll down for videos Experts have warned that New York City could one day be submerged by rising sea levels and now that the US has pulled out of the Paris Agreement, many Americans are left wondering what the future holds for the Big AppleThe video entitled, 'Two ° C' was created by to film makers 'Claire&Max' Countour, who wanted to highlight what New York City would 'look like if there was a rise in water.'We are concerned with global warming, and the rising waters is only one representation among others of global warming,' Max told DailyMail.com in an email.'We considered this video as an alert so that people become even more aware of the danger.' 'The Paris Agreement limited to 2 degrees : these 2 degrees were already dangerous, but the recent US withdrawal is unconscious.' 'We don't need to be specialist or scientists to consider this act as unconscious.' two°C - New-York City from Claire&Max on Vimeo.The Paris Agreement is the first large-scale global agreement to combat what scientists say is climate change, coming together at the United Nations Climate Change Conference in 2015 and adopted on December 12.On Earth Day of 2016, April 22, it was opened for signatures and enough European countries signed on so that the agreement entered into force on November 4, 2016, four days before Donald Trump was elected president of the United States.China and the United States had already committed to backing the deal in September 2016, with their greenhouse gas output accounting for nearly 40 percent of the world's emissions. To go into legal force, countries accounting for 55 percent of the world's emissions had to sign on.The deal asks that the countries signing on reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Right now 147 countries have ratified the agreement to the 197 who attended the convention. The aim is to keep warming below 2 degrees Celsius - 3.6F - this century.Part of the reason the Paris Agreement was successful was that ratifying countries can decide independently how to reduce their emissions rather than being told how much to cut by. Counties, instead, put forward their best efforts through 'nationally determined contributions.'  The binding part of the agreement makes countries report on their progress decreasing emissions, while the actual setting of emission-reduction targets is non-binding. The United States said it would try to reduce emissions from its 2005 level by 17 percent in 2020 and 26 to 28 percent by 2025.The nearly four minute video begins with an image of New York City that may be unsettling – the water has risen so high that many of its monstrous skyscrapers are barely peaking up from a watery grave.Fifth Avenue, Wall Street and Time Square, all of which used to be filled with hundreds of people on any given day, are shown completely empty and submerged in water.And Grand Central Station, which attracts people from all over the world, looks more like a large watering hole instead of a busy train station.Tops of skyscrapers are barely peeking out of the murky water, streets have been transformed into flowing rivers and what was once home to 8.4 million people, is depicted as a ghost townNow, a video has surfaced online that has revealed the catastrophic effects of climate change on the massive city, which could become a reality over the next 60 to 80 years.Fifth Avenue (pictured), Wall Street and Time Square, all of which used to be filled with hundreds of people on any given day, are shown completely empty and submerged in water.The video continues to show different areas of New York, all of which tell the same story, but what may be one of the most unsettling aspects is that a city that has 8.4 million residents and 50 million people visiting each year is completely empty.'Climate change is a new marker in our history. Man can now affect the climate, we are now in the anthropocene era,' said Max.'Fortunately we have become aware of it and we must put all possible means to ensure that future generations enjoy a better environment.'Antoine de St Exupery said :' We do not inherit the land of our parents, we borrow it from our children.'The video entitled, ' Two ° C ' was created by to film makers 'Claire&Max' Countour, who wanted to highlight what New York City would 'look like if there was a rise in water Wall Street (pictured), located in lower Manhattan, is also predicted to be underwater. 'We considered this video as an alert so that people become even more aware of the danger,' the creators of the video shared. 'The Paris Agreement limited to 2 degrees : these 2 degrees were already dangerous, but the recent US withdrawal is unconscious.' It may be unsettling to see the once populated Time Square (pictured) completely empty and flooded 'The video was done with 2 steps : first, we deleted the people of the streets (like our precedent work in Pairs 'Hypocentre') and then we add the water,' he continued.'The water is a 3D modelization. We choose NYC because like Paris, NYC is our 'laboratory' for our experimental films.''We are fortunate to be able to come regularly to NYC and we love deeply NYC. The title of the clip, 'Two ° C', was inspired by a recent study from a team of American researchers that noted 2 ◦C global warming is dangerous and could have catastrophic effects on our world over the next couple of decades.Grand Central Station (pictured), which attracts people from all over the world, looks more like a large watering hole instead of a busy train stationThe video was done with 2 steps : first, the deleted the people of the streets using Photoshop and then water was added using 3D simulation software 'The IPCC , an intergovernmental panel of experts on climate change, predicted an average increase of 1 meter by 2100: their model underestimated the melting of the ice,' Claire and Max shared in a blog post.'For James Hansen [one of the American researchers], these 2 ° would still remain dangerous because it integrates in its recent models the melting of the ice: it estimates an increase of 5 to 9m by 2080.'The video was shared online two days prior to Donald Trump making the announcement that the US was pulling out of the Paris agreement – citing it was bad for American jobs and bad for the environment.Mark Latham slams changes to the National Anthem's lyricsHeroic dog saves blind 14-year-old pooch from drowning in poolTwo brothers and two sisters merge their nuptials due to pandemicTrue drama 'The Serpent' details crimes of killer Charles SobhrajMcDonald's worker spotted with hands down pants while servingBusy Philipps opens up on Birdie changing they're pronounsStacey Solomon shares emotional moment Joe Swash proposed to herSam Frost focuses on health and fitness as she works out on NYD'Scaled back' firework display takes place in Sydney to see in 2021Susie Bradley and Todd Carney reveal the gender of their babyJesinta Campbell enjoys lavish NYE celebrations with husbandJurgen Klopp reacts to Newcastle vs Liverpool 0-0 drawThe title of the clip, 'Two ° C', was inspired by a recent study from a team of American researchers that noted 2 ◦C global warming is dangerous and could have catastrophic effects on our worldTrump complained in the White House's Rose Garden that major polluters like China are allowed to increase their emissions under the agreement in a way that the US cannot. India is hinging its participation on billions of dollars of foreign aid.'The bottom line is that the Paris Accord is very unfair, at the highest level, to the United States,' he said.He argued later, 'The agreement is a massive redistribution of United States wealth to other countries.'The video was shared online two days prior to Donald Trump making the announcement that the US was pulling out of the Paris agreement – citing it was bad for American jobs and bad for the environment. But the video has painted a different picture and it seems to be a disaster 'This agreement is less about the climate and more about other countries gaining a financial advantage over the United States,' he contended.Trump said he would end the United States' participation in the United Nations' Green Climate Fund for the same reason. Although the US president listed multiple reasons to why the nation should and is leaving the agreement, many Americans are not on board with the decision and are worried what the future holds for not just their country, but for the entire world.Mark Latham slams changes to the National Anthem's lyricsHeroic dog saves blind 14-year-old pooch from drowning in poolTwo brothers and two sisters merge their nuptials due to pandemicTrue drama 'The Serpent' details crimes of killer Charles SobhrajMcDonald's worker spotted with hands down pants while servingBusy Philipps opens up on Birdie changing they're pronounsStacey Solomon shares emotional moment Joe Swash proposed to herSam Frost focuses on health and fitness as she works out on NYD'Scaled back' firework display takes place in Sydney to see in 2021Susie Bradley and Todd Carney reveal the gender of their babyJesinta Campbell enjoys lavish NYE celebrations with husbandJurgen Klopp reacts to Newcastle vs Liverpool 0-0 draw
7	4	"Thousands of New Zealand homes could become uninsurable by private companies in the face of climate change, researchers say. Photo / FileScience Reporter, NZ HeraldThousands of New Zealand homes could become uninsurable by private companies in the face of climate change, researchers say.But the extent to which our coastal housing was threatened would depend on insurance options available to homeowners.The authors of the Insurance, Housing and Climate Adaptation report - commissioned by the Deep South National Science Challenge - investigates the different challenges climate change will present to homeowners, insurers and Government.It also points to critical areas where more research is needed.A collaboration between Motu Economic and Public Policy Research, Victoria University of Wellington and the challenge, the report highlights issues New Zealand may face as it grapples with the risks climate change poses for coastal housing, especially through sea-level rise.Across the country - in regions with high-quality data - there are over 43,000 homes within 1.5m of the present average spring high tide, and nearly 9000 within 50cm.According to the most recent Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change report, global average sea levels are likely to rise between 28cm and 98cm by 2100.While geomorphological science could provide estimates of the damage from coastal-storm inundation in select locations in New Zealand, measurements were less accurate when it came to coastal erosion and sedimentation in harbours and estuaries, given the complex processes and sediment sources involved.Further, accurate estimates of future coastal hazards were limited by deep uncertainties around polar ice sheet response and future global emission pathways, the high cost of up-to-date high-resolution land elevation and asset datasets, and the limited precision of actuarial models for extreme events estimated using little reliable data.Nevertheless, most climate models predicted that while the number of tropical cyclones will reduce slightly, the proportion of tropical cyclones that reached Category 4 and 5 would increase and the path of tropical cyclones would move poleward.This could increase the probability that a tropical cyclone undergoes an extratropical transition that resulted in a large storm surge in Auckland.One of the report's authors, Professor Ilan Noy, said the aim was to highlight the need for ""a lot more research on this issue of sea-level rise and insurance of residential properties"".Noy, who holds the Chair in the Economics of Disasters at Victoria University of Wellington, said at some unknown point in the future, there would be thousands of properties no longer insurable by private insurance companies.This could happen gradually, or suddenly in response to an event in New Zealand or overseas, and the number or location or properties are unknown.""Some precedents from here and abroad suggest the Government may step into this market to replace the private insurers, but we don't know whether and how that will happen.""We also don't know how the costs will be allocated across the different levels of government.""Alternatively, if the Government did not intervene, the cost was likely to be borne mostly by the owners whose properties will not be marketable anymore, she said, though some costs might still be borne by Crown institutions like the EQC.University of Otago Honorary Research Fellow Dr Jim Salinger said the topic was important, considering 12 out of the 15 largest towns in New Zealand are at or near sea level, ""thus at high risk from sea level rise"".""Major decisions are required in coming years on whether central and/or local government protect, adapt or retreat from areas prone to sea level rise and flooding,"" he said.""The costs of protection are phenomenal. A national strategy is required because of the land and housing at risk from storms and flooding.""Dr Judy Lawrence, co-chair of the Government's Climate Change Adaptation Technical Advisory Working Group, said the report put a ""spotlight on the role that insurance and the finance sectors might play in the ongoing response to climate change impacts"".""They can either transfer risk to the Crown or private property owners, or work in tandem to reduce the exposure to risk and deal with the legacy effects of past decisions at the coast and on floodplains.""But the report pointed to many complicating factors.For instance, climate change could make the calculation of actuarially precise insurance premiums more difficult both because climate change increased the categories of risks which may require insurance, and because the hazard's frequency and intensity were changing over time, rendering historical data less relevant.The report stated the transitions necessitated by climate change would be difficult, and managing them would require social and financial responses that would generally be perceived as fair by the wider New Zealand community.""Rules to preserve efficient decision-making must be credible and enforceable,"" the report stated.""Given the overlap between local and central government, that credibility will require the national coordination of local conversations.""The report laid out six high-priority research questions, including how sea level rise risks currently fall across different parties, what policy options are available for when the tipping point of uninsurability is reached and what those tipping points would be.• Under present projections, the sea level around New Zealand is expected to rise between 50cm and 100cm this century, while temperatures could also increase by several degrees by 2100.• Climate change would bring more floods (about two-thirds of Kiwis live in areas prone to flooding); make our freshwater problems worse and put more pressure on rivers and lakes; acidify our oceans; put even more species at risk and bring problems from the rest of the world.• Climate change is also expected to result in more large storms compounding the effects of sea level rise.• New Zealand, which reported a 23 per cent increase in greenhouse gas emissions between 1990 and 2014, has pledged to slash its greenhouse gas emissions by 30 per cent from 2005 levels and 11 per cent from 1990 levels by 2030."
421	5	There was a “relentless” intensification of the climate crisis in 2020, according to the UN’s World Meteorological Organization.The coronavirus pandemic made the accelerating impacts of global heating even worse for millions of people. But the temporary dip in carbon emissions due to lockdowns had no discernible impact on atmospheric concentrations of greenhouse gases, the WMO report said.Last year was ranked as the hottest on record, in a tie with 2016 and 2019, despite the cooling effect of the cyclical natural climate phenomenon, La Niña. Without this, 2020 would most likely have been the hottest year yet. The decade 2011-20 was the hottest on record.Extreme weather events broke records across the world, from hurricanes and cyclones in the US and India, heatwaves in Australia and the Arctic, floods in large parts of Africa and Asia, and wildfires in the US.“All the key climate and impacts information in this report highlight relentless, continuing climate change, an increasing occurrence and intensification of extreme events, and severe losses and damage, affecting people, societies and economies,” said Petteri Taalas, the WMO secretary general.The WMO’s State of the Climate report comes just before a global leaders’ summit, convened by the US president, Joe Biden, and as the UK prepares to host the crucial Cop26 UN climate summit in November, at which urgent action must be agreed to meet the goals of the 2015 Paris agreement, to keep the global temperature increase to well below 2C and 1.5C if possible. In 2020, the temperature was 1.2C above pre-industrial levels.“This is the year for action,” said the UN head, António Guterres. “The climate is changing, and the impacts are already too costly for people and the planet. Countries need to submit, well ahead of Cop26, ambitious plans to cut global emissions by 45% by 2030.”The report, produced by the WMO and partners, found that cuts in food production, transport and economic activity caused by the Covid-19 pandemic exacerbated the effects of extreme weather on communities. It said the temporary fall in new carbon emissions had “no discernible impact” on atmospheric concentrations.The report also found that in 2020:80% of the oceans experienced at least one marine heatwave, while record heat accumulated in the seas, which absorb 90% of heat resulting from human activities.Sea ice in the Arctic reached its second lowest minimum on record, while hundreds of billions of tonnes of ice were lost in Greenland and Antarctica, helping to push up sea level.Severe flooding hit large parts of Africa and Asia, helping trigger a locust plague in the Horn of Africa.Extreme drought affected many parts of South America in 2020, with the estimated farming losses near $3bn in Brazil alone, with further losses in Argentina, Uruguay and Paraguay.The largest wildfires ever recorded burned in the US, while Australia broke heat records, including a temperature of 48.9°C in western Sydney.The north Atlantic hurricane season had its largest number of named storms on record with 30, and a record 12 made landfall in the US.Cyclone Amphan hit India and Bangladesh and was the costliest tropical cyclone on record for the north Indian Ocean, while Typhoon Goni which crossed the Philippines was one of the most intense cyclones ever to hit land.Richard Allan, a professor of climate science at the University of Reading in the UK, said: “What is notable is an emerging picture that climate change is gathering pace: [ice is] melting more quickly and heat is accumulating more rapidly in the ocean, while CO2 increases, which are driving these changes, are becoming progressively larger over time.”Prof Chris Rapley, at University College London, UK, said: “The 1.5C Paris guard-rail is close to being breached. The way we are running human affairs is destabilising the climate system, with predictable and increasingly dire consequences. It’s time for an uprising of concerted action to fix politics – managing the climate crisis will follow.” The subheading on this article was amended on 26 April 2021 to refer to the effect of the pandemic on atmospheric CO2 levels, not on emissions as stated earlier.
266	2	OPINION: Auckland Council has finally seized the carbon emissions-reduction-tiger by the tail, at the same time that there is doubt over whether mayor Phil Goff will seek a third term in the 2022 elections. Goff sees the two as “separate decisions” and does not intend to reveal his intentions to stand again for mayor publicly until February 2022. In a business-as-usual world that would be entirely his privilege to do so. But there is nothing “business-as-usual” about the challenge being taken up by the council Goff leads, to work out exactly how it will achieve a 64 per cent reduction in transport emissions by 2030. Goff himself told Stuff “it will require the biggest transformation ever undertaken by this council”. READ MORE: * Electric cars, high density housing not enough to hit Auckland emissions targets: Report * The countdown has begun to choosing Auckland's next mayor  * Auckland transport plan shows climate change dial is still set on 'talk' not 'do'  Cutting transport emissions by 64 per cent from where they were in 2016, will require extraordinary leadership, capable of convincing a majority of Aucklanders to change their lives and travel habits. In short, to use their cars less. “Leadership” was not mentioned once in the 75-minute debate by the environment and climate change committee, which launched work on a Transport Emissions Reduction Plan (TERP).  Given the sluggish approach so far by Auckland Council, the possibility that its mayor - the only role with the mana to lead the scale of change needed – might sideline himself in February, is a critical risk to TERP.  What consensus could a mayor build in calling for dramatic lifestyle changes, if everyone knew he wouldn’t be around for the hard yards of implementation, or be held accountable for its future execution? If not Goff, then who would lead TERP, and its reliance on breaking car-dependency? Should Goff in February announce he won’t seek re-election, he leaves only eight months for a new candidate to build a potentially-winning campaign, and buy-in to TERP. It's a much shorter run than Goff had, when he announced in November 2015 – a full year out from election day, that he would seek to succeed Len Brown as mayor. Auckland Transport director Abbie Reynolds told the committee that a critical, and so-far missing narrative, was to sell the upsides of an emissions-reduced Auckland. Stuff asked Goff whether he took on as mayor, the responsibility to lead that change. “I think it's in part my responsibility, but in the end it's everybody’s responsibility,” he replied. The media release that followed the TERP green light, was in the names of councillor Richard Hills who chairs the climate change committee, and Auckland Transport (AT) chairwoman Adrienne Young-Cooper. Auckland Council and AT, will need to lift their games to a new level next year, when the reality becomes clear of what a 64 per cent emissions reduction will entail.  Phil Goff of course has the right to make important personal and career decisions in his own time. But the council has already squandered time on acting on climate change. In 2019, it declared a climate emergency, and signed off a climate plan, but it’ll be 2022 at the earliest before the real shifts begin. 2022 is local body election year, and despite Goff’s confidence that whatever he might do, there would be “continuity on the council”, that is something voters will decide in October next year. Councillors seeking re-election will also need to work on their own courage levels, faced with endorsing perhaps the most radical change to Aucklanders’ lifestyles, while seeking backing from voters.
56	4	Seven years ago, the presumptive Republican nominee called for urgent action to stop climate change.By its final year, it was obvious that the 2000s were going to be the warmest decade in history. 2005, after all, set records as the hottest year ever recorded. And 2007 was the second-hottest year—until 2009 stole that record. 2002, 2003, 2004, and 2006 also all landed in the top-ten.Climate change was real, its effects were felt planet-wide. But the United States, the world’s largest economy and its second-largest polluter, seemed to be doing little about it.Or maybe something was changing. In the autumn of 2009, climate-concerned Americans held out hope that progress might be made at the United Nations’ annual climate conference, planned for December in Copenhagen. The new president, Barack Obama, and his Secretary of State Hillary Clinton would be attending. It was the first time in eight years that a U.S. administration had recognized the reality of climate change. It was in that environment that, in late November, a full-page ad appeared in The New York Times. The ad, an open letter, called on President Obama and Congress to finally pass legislation restricting greenhouse-gas emissions.“We support your effort to ensure meaningful and effective measures to control climate change, an immediate challenge facing the United States and the world today,” it read. “If we fail to act now, it is scientifically irrefutable that there will be catastrophic and irreversible consequences for humanity and our planet.”Below that text were 55 names. They included squishily liberal executives and various other famous people, like the CEOs of Patagonia, Timberland, Blue Man Group, and Chipotle; and Deepak Chopra, Martha Stewart, Kenneth Cole, and Ben and Jerry. Someone else was on that list, too: Donald J. Trump, and his three children. That’s right: The Republican nominee for president supported urgent climate action before he opposed it.The full-page ad was forgotten until it was discovered this week by Ben Adler and Rebecca Leber, two journalists at the environmental-news site Grist.The Copenhagen talks ultimately came to very little. Not until last year did the UN managed to produce a successful document to halt climate change at its Paris conference. Ironically, Trump promised to pull the United States out of the Paris Agreement last month during his sole speech on energy policy. The speech didn’t say much else about climate change. As Adler and Leber write, Trump flipped on climate change long before his presidential run. Less than two months after that letter ran in the Times, he had implied to a crowd that global warming couldn’t exist if snowfall was setting records. In 2012, he tweeted that climate change was a hoax invented by the Chinese. And though he later said that tweet was a joke, Trump has regularly maintained that climate change doesn’t exist or is a fraud. The Trump campaign didn’t respond to a request for comment about the open letter or the candidate’s views on climate change. So first, let’s state unequivocally: 97 percent of actively publishing climate scientists understand global warming to be a real phenomenon, caused by human activity. And every major American scientific organization, including the American Medical Association, has unambiguously stated that climate change is real, caused by the burning of fossil fuels, and a threat to public health. Indeed, 2009-Trump might have said it best: Climate change is “scientifically irrefutable.”Now he seems to find it quite refutable. But climate change wouldn’t be the first issue that Trump has flipped on or seemed to lie about. Trump endorsed invading Iraq on a national radio show in 2002; now he claims he opposed the invasion long before the war began. He has lied about his relationship with former Libyan dictator Muammar Qaddafi, a supporter of terrorism. And he has repeated multiple inaccuracies about the Trump University case. What exactly does Trump believe about the climate? To an outside observer, it almost—almost—seems like Trump takes the position that makes him look best to a certain audience at a certain time. It almost seems like he can’t stand to take a stand on anything: Trump endorsed urgent climate action when the liberal CEOs came calling; now he rejects the overwhelming scientific consensus on climate change because, you know, he’s running as a Republican, and on climate change, Republican politicians long ago stopped having to correspond to reality.During their presidencies, Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush both took climate change seriously as a crisis. An internal memo to Bush’s secretary of state called climate change “the most far reaching environmental issue of our time” and urged American leadership on the issue. The memo then quotes Secretary of State James A. Baker III’s words back to him. “As you yourself stated,” it said, “we cannot wait until all the uncertainties have been resolved before we act to limit greenhouse gas emissions and to prepare for whatever climate change we are already committed to.”By the time Bush’s son was president, American climate leadership was in retreat. Bush pulled the United States out of the Kyoto Protocol, the first emissions-restricting climate treaty, under advisement from Exxon-Mobil. Republicans began to deny that climate change existed at all. And by the time this election rolled around, Senator Ted Cruz could cite Galileo as a role model for his evidence-free rejection of climate science.“Today, the global warming alarmists are the equivalent of the flat-Earthers,” Cruz said. “It used to be [that] it is accepted scientific wisdom the Earth is flat, and this heretic named Galileo was branded a denier.”It’s funny. Partisans regularly quibble with this economist or that intellectual, suggesting why one theory of welfare, immigration, or the market is more valid than another. And society is hard to study: It’s complex, culture-driven, and impossible to run experiments on. But the climate, a vast and impersonal system, is simply a different kind of subject. Scientists can come to conclusions about the climate’s operation in much clearer and difficult-to-dispute ways than economists can come to conclusions about their chosen field. Observation and commentary  do not alter the climate in the same way they alter the economy. And scientists are unified in their understanding that fossil fuel emissions are spurring the planet to get warmer, leading to consequences that could be catastrophic within our and our children’s lifetimes.It’s almost boring to note that the Republican Party, as an organization, has simply rejected these findings. (Sixty-eight percent of Republican representatives and senators reject anthropogenic climate change outright.) But it is worth noting. It has made the party weak, subject to people like Trump, who know how to say the right thing to the right people. And it has put the party on the wrong side of business interests and the free market: The solar industry already employs more people in this country than either the oil and gas industry or the coal industry.Catching Trump in a double-bind, as Grist did, would be enjoyable if it weren’t so serious. The United States really did postpone the Earth, as Trump and the progressive gang warned them not to in that Times ad seven years ago. Congress did not pass a market-based scheme to cap greenhouse-gas emissions during Obama’s first term, and only last year did the Obama administration introduce EPA regulations to reduce carbon emissions from the power sector.Yet climate change ground on, unfeeling and uncaring about political gridlock or intransigence. And all those climate records set during the 2000s have passed away. The three warmest years ever recorded are now considered to be 2014, 2015, and the one we’re living in right now.
384	4	We’re currently on pace to double the carbon dioxide-equivalent (including other greenhouse gases) in the atmosphere by around mid-century.  Since the late 1800s scientists have been trying to answer the question, how much global warming will that cause?In 1979, top climate scientists led by Jule Charney published a report estimating that if we double the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere from pre-industrial levels of 280 ppm to 560 ppm, temperatures will warm by 3 ± 1.5°C.  Four decades later, ‘climate sensitivity’ estimates remain virtually unchanged, but some climate contrarians have argued that the number is at the low end of that range, around 2°C or less.It’s an important question because if the contrarians are right, the 2°C resulting global warming would represent significantly less severe climate change consequences than if mainstream climate scientists are right and temperatures rise by 3°C.  It would also mean our remaining carbon budget for meeting the 2°C Paris target is about twice as large than if the mainstream consensus is right.  If the consensus is correct, we’re on pace to blow through the remaining Paris carbon budget by around 2030.Studies published in March 2014, May 2014, and December 2015 identified two critical flaws in the contrarians’ preferred so-called ‘energy balance model’ approach: it doesn’t account for the fact that Earth’s sensitivity can change over time, for example as large ice sheets continue to melt, or that the planet responds differently to different climate ‘forcings’.Last week, the journal Earth’s Future published a study by the University of Southampton’s Philip Goodwin that took both of these factors into account.  Goodwin ran climate model simulations treating every forcing separately, including changes in greenhouse gases, solar activity, particulates from volcanic eruptions, and from human fossil fuel combustion.  For each, he included feedbacks from changes in factors like atmospheric water vapor, clouds, snow, and sea ice, including how these factors change over different timescales, as Goodwin explained:I ran 10 million simulations with a relatively simple climate model. These 10 million simulations each used different climate feedback strengths, and so the way that climate sensitivity responded over time was different in each simulation.  To check which of the 10 million simulations were most realistic, I checked each simulation against observations of warming in the atmosphere and ocean up to the present day. I kept only the simulations that agreed with the observations for the real world. This left 4600 simulations, where the values of the climate sensitivity (and changes in climate sensitivity over different timescales) agree with the atmosphere and ocean warming observed so far. It is from these final 4600 simulations that evaluate how the climate sensitivity evolves over time.Essentially, adding up all of the warming contributions from all of these factors at any given time tells us how sensitive the climate is on that timescale, whether it be a month, a year, a decade, or a century after atmospheric carbon dioxide levels have doubled.  Over the shortest timeframes of a year or less, Goodwin found that temperatures will rise by about 2°C once carbon dioxide levels have doubled, consistent with the conclusions of the contrarian studies.  That makes sense because those studies applied current climate measurements into energy balance models, but since carbon pollution is still rising, the climate still has a large energy imbalance.  Climate sensitivity, on the other hand, is usually evaluated at the point when the Earth reaches a new energy equilibrium, long after carbon dioxide levels have stopped rising.Once our carbon pollution levels decline close to zero (hopefully by mid-to-late century), the planet will start to reach that new equilibrium.  The slower feedbacks like melting ice will continue to kick in, and Goodwin found that on timescales close to a century thereafter, temperatures will rise by 1.9–4.6°C, most likely 2.9°C, consistent with mainstream climate science estimates since the 1979 Charney report.In other words, we are indeed on track to burn through the remaining Paris carbon budget by 2030, and under current international climate policies, we’re most likely headed for about 3.4°C warming by 2100.  Climate contrarians want to gamble on the long shot that the climate sensitivity is on the low end of the possible range, which would give us a few extra decades before we burn past the Paris target.  But even that relatively rosy scenario would require more aggressive international climate policies than are in place today.  We still have to change course even to limit ourselves to a doubling of carbon dioxide-equivalent in the atmosphere.And the body of scientific research keeps refuting the contrarian case.  If anything, recent research suggests the climate sensitivity is toward the high end of the possible range, but Goodwin’s study finds that it’s most likely right where climate scientists have expected for decades. As Goodwin concluded,some of the lowest estimates of climate sensitivity from before do not appear to hold on the long timescales
183	5	Burger King is staging an intervention with its cows in the US. The chain has rebalanced the diet of some of the cows by adding lemon grass in a bid to limit bovine contributions to climate change. By tweaking their diet, Burger King said Tuesday that it believes it can reduce a cow's daily methane emissions by about 33 per cent. Cows emit methane as a by-product of their digestion, and that has become a potential public relations hurdle for major burger chains. READ MORE: * Do we really have to stop eating meat to save the planet? * I ate the cheapest cheeseburgers from McDonald's, Wendy's, and Burger King in the US - Wendy's was best by a slice * Farmers still lack practical solutions for greenhouse gas emissions  * New Zealand's out-sized climate change contribution * Cattle behind unexplained surge in methane emissions, US study finds   Greenhouse gas emissions from the agriculture sector made up 9.9 per cent of total US greenhouse gas emissions in 2018, according to the Environmental Protection Agency. Of that amount, methane emissions from livestock (called enteric fermentation) comprised more than a quarter of the emissions from the agriculture sector. With an over-the-top social media campaign that teeters between vulgarity and science (sprinkled with more vulgarity), Burger King is banking on the heightened awareness of climate change and its responsibility to limit its own role. According to a recent poll by The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research, about two out of three Americans say corporations have a responsibility to combat climate change. The gravitational pull of climate change is increasingly finding its way onto national political stage. Potential customers are also cutting down on the amount of meat they consume, citing both environmental and dietary concerns. Burger King and rival McDonald's have added meat alternatives to their menus. Two years ago McDonald's said it was taking steps to cut the greenhouse gases it emits. It tweaked the manner in which the beef in its Big Macs and Quarter Pounders was produced. The company said at the time that it expected the changes to prevent 150 million metric tons (165 million tons) of greenhouse gas emissions from being released into the atmosphere by 2030. Burger King worked with scientists at the Autonomous University at the State of Mexico and at the University of California, Davis to test and develop its formula of adding 100 grams of lemongrass leaves to the cows' daily diets. Preliminary tests indicate that the lemongrass leaves help the cows release less methane as they digest their food. On Tuesday, Burger King introduced its Reduced Methane Emissions Beef Whopper, made with beef sourced from cows that emit reduced methane, in select restaurants in Miami, New York, Austin, Portland and Los Angeles, while supplies last.
391	5	"In the first international test for his climate-change strategy, President Barack Obama pressed world leaders Tuesday to follow the United States' lead on the issue, even as a one-day United Nations summit revealed the many obstacles that still stand in the way of wider agreements to reduce heat-trapping pollution.""The United States has made ambitious investments in clean energy and ambitious reductions in our carbon emissions,"" Obama said. ""Today I call on all countries to join us, not next year or the year after that, but right now. Because no nation can meet this global threat alone.""Obama was the headliner at a marathon session of world leaders who promised to spend billions of dollars to take better care of the planet.Tuesday's one-day meeting at the annual U.N. General Assembly involving more than 100 world leaders was a forum for non-binding pledges. It was designed to lay the groundwork for a new global treaty to tackle climate change in December 2015, but it also revealed the sharp differences that divide countries on matters such as deforestation, carbon pollution and methane leaks from oil and gas production:-- Brazil, a key player in deforestation, said it wouldn't sign a pledge to halt deforestation by 2030.-- The United States decided not to join 73 countries in supporting a price on carbon, which Congress had indicated it would reject.-- And minutes after Obama said ""nobody gets a pass,"" China's Vice Premier Zhang Gaoli insisted the world treat developing nations, including China, differently than developed nations, allowing them release more heat-trapping pollution. China has signed a carbon-pricing agreement.""Today we must set the world on a new course,"" United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon said in opening remarks. ""Climate change is the defining issue of our age. It is defining our present. Our response will define our future.""In some ways, the climate summit answered that call.The European Union said its member nations would cut greenhouse gases so that by 2030 they would be 40 percent below the 1990 level. The vow also calls for using renewable energy for 27 percent of the bloc's power needs and to increase energy efficiency by 30 percent.The United States will not release new emissions targets until early next year.More than 150 countries set the first-ever deadline on Tuesday to end deforestation by 2030, but the feasibility of that goal was eroded when a key player, Brazil, said it would not join. Forests are important because they absorb the main greenhouse gas, carbon dioxide. The United States, Canada and the entire European Union signed onto a declaration to halve forest loss by 2020 and eliminate deforestation entirely by 2030.And world leaders promised in their non-binding remarks to spend a total of at least $5 billion to make the world more sustainable. That often includes turning away from the burning of coal, oil and gas and away from the destruction of the world's carbon-absorbing forests.Jose Manuel Barroso, president of the European Commission, stressed it could be done without harming the economy. He said over the next seven years, the European Union would provide $3 billion euros (nearly $3.9 billion) to help developing countries become more sustainable.""The European Union is on track to meet our targets and at same time we have seen our economy grow,"" Barroso. ""We prove climate protection and a strong economy must go hand in hand.""France promised $1 billion. Korea pledged $100 million. Others, like Chile, pledged cuts in greenhouse gas emissions by 2020.When it comes to forests, if the goal is met, the U.N. says it would be the equivalent of taking every car off the road in the world. A group of companies, countries, and nonprofits also pledged to restore more than 1 million square miles of forest worldwide by 2030. Norway vowed to spend $350 million to protect forests in Peru and another $100 million in Liberia.Japan, which had relaxed earlier promised targets, vowed to issue new goals early next year and become a model for a low-carbon society. It also said it was launching a satellite to monitor and verify emissions. Canada pledged to make cars and trucks more fuel efficient.Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro used the opportunity to chastise ""polluting powers"" for causing an ""evil of such planetary dimensions"" and then wanting to barter their way out of their responsibilities.Seychelles President James Michel called small island nations like his ""victims of this pollution"" and said it was up to the countries that burn the most coal, oil and gas to do the most.""If they don't do something, the Earth will not survive and that will be the end of us all,"" Michel said in an interview before the start of the summit.Ban, actor Leonardo DiCaprio, former U.S. Vice President Al Gore and Rajendra K. Pachauri, who headed the Nobel Prize-winning panel of scientists that studied the issue, warned that time was short. By 2020, Ban said, the world must reduce greenhouse gases to prevent an escalating level of warming that world leaders five years ago called dangerous. Leaders in 2009 pledged to keep world temperatures from increasing by another 2 degrees Fahrenheit (3.6 degrees Celsius).Pachauri and Ban told world leaders the effects of global warming are already here, pointing to a U.N. building that flooded during the devastating Superstorm Sandy in 2012. Pachauri said it will get worse with droughts, storms, food and water shortages. He foresaw even more violent climate-driven conflicts.And, Pachauri said, ""a steady rise in our death toll, especially among the world's poorest. How on Earth can we leave our children with a world like this?"""
871	3	"Fox News Flash top headlines for June 7 are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.comGreen New Deal architect Rhiana Gunn-Wright sounded the alarms on Thursday, warning that climate change can result in ""25 Holocausts.""The conversation began when MSNBC host Ali Velshi, noting that climate change ranks high among Democratic voters but not nearly as high as others like health care, prompted him to ask Gunn-Wright why there has to be a ""separate conversation"" with climate change versus health care.“So in the issues that you just brought up, climate change is one of the main drivers of our public health. So the difference between, say, 1.5 degrees of warming — which is the least that folks think that we can get — to 2, you are talking about 150 million deaths,” Gunn-Wright said. “That’s 25 Holocausts, right? So how is that not a health issue? How is that not about health care?”Gunn-Wright elaborated that on the issue of immigration that climate change will lead to ""hundreds of millions of climate refugees"" from both outside and inside the United States, arguing that ""every issue"" voters care about are impacted by climate change. She also dismissed the hefty price tag of the Green New Deal because the costs of not doing anything she insists is greater.""The fact is that we have to start thinking about the cost of inaction because they are mounting and they are mounting quickly,” she continued. “And everyone agrees that they are higher than what we can even estimate right now. And so you cannot talk about the cost of dealing with a problem if you don’t talk about the cost of not dealing with that same problem.”She later told Velshi that ""people of color are dying daily from fossil fuel pollution,"" a claim that went unchallenged by the MSNBC host."
200	4	"The polar oceans are currently ""amongst the most rapidly changing environments on Earth,"" because of the ongoing and future threat of climate change. That's bad news for many of the animals that live there and have evolved specifically to live in conditions that have been relatively constant for 4 million years. In that time period, glaciers have brought the most stress and change to habitat there; now, the biggest change agent is climate change. Greenhouse gas emissions, ozone-depleting chemicals, the increase in atmospheric carbon dioxide, the increase in wind and the warmer temperatures have all significantly altered the Southern Ocean, also known as the Antarctic Ocean. There's been a rapid decline of sea ice and ice shelves are collapsing. The glaciers are retreating. The sea is rising and warming, and is experiencing acidification.Krill, some clams, and humpback whales will be some of the biggest losers in the Antarctic region, the study said. The emperor penguin, the Adelie penguin and the Chinstrap penguin face bleak futures, too.But starfish, sea squirt and a variety of worms will benefit from climate change, according to the new study. The southern right whale and king penguins that feed on fish will likely gain the most from the decline in sea ice and will have more room to breed as the glaciers retreat.Many of the animal losers, like certain breed of penguins, feed through sea ice, give birth on the sea ice, and use it to rest. Animals like the humpback whale that depend on food sources like the massive stocks of threatened krill are expected to do badly with climate change. ""With climate change there is a real urgency in our need to understand the impact of these changes on these animals,"" said co-author Simon Morley, a scientist based at the British Antarctic Survey in the UK.Morley and his co-authors figured out who wins and loses, he said, by essentially taking the same approach researchers would use if they created an occupational health survey to look for risks in a workplace. Except, in this case, the workers wear feathers, scales or fur and they're not the type to complain about the temperature in their ""office."" This approach has limitations, Morley said, because data is limited and the ecosystem is complex, so there could be problems for even the winners when this complex environment changes. But, he said, the work should give scientists a good baseline.""We know the Earth is warming. We know humans are the major factor behind why global climate is changing so fast. We know that the rate of change in global climate is faster than the Earth has experienced in the last million years. In the face of this, we need to understand the vulnerabilities of animals and plants to climate change,"" Morley said. ""How will life fare in the long term? Well, we need more data on more species."" "
100	5	"Science Reporter, NZ HeraldNew Zealand's destiny is inextricably tied to that of its celebrated environment. But our blue and green backyard is now under unprecedented pressure from a wave of pests and human activity, ranging from development and pollution to climate change and tourism. In the second part of our week-long series, 50 Questions About the Environment, Victoria University climate scientist Professor James Renwick discusses the threats we face from a warming planet.Guidance tells us we can expect several degrees of warming this century and between 30cm and a metre of sea level rise. What are the best and worst case scenarios and what will determine whether these play out?The best-case scenario is that we have only another 0.5C of warming and another 50cm of sea level rise, through this century and into the next.This much more change would still mean big disruptions for coastal communities everywhere and a greater risk of problems for global food supplies.This scenario would require global emissions of greenhouse gases (GHG) to peak in the next year or two and for emissions to get to zero globally around 2050.The worst-case scenario is that we have 4C of warming this century, with nearly as much again over the following century.That would be accompanied by perhaps 1.5m of sea level rise this century, and about 70m more over the following 1000 years.That much warming would melt all the ice on the planet.Such a future would mean massive disruption to societies everywhere, billions of people displaced, and possibly billions of deaths through famine and war.The end of civilisation as we know it, in other words.To achieve this, we keep growing GHG emissions, or at least not reducing them, for the rest of this century and beyond, until all the viable fossil fuel reserves are burnt.What do you feel are New Zealand's greatest vulnerabilities from the impacts of climate change?That's an interesting question, and I am not sure I know the answer.My suspicion is that we are economically vulnerable to what happens elsewhere.We are very connected internationally and if international trade is disrupted that would be hard for New Zealand.READ MORE: Is our media covering climate change well?Also, I think we'll be a magnet for climate refugees or migrants and we'll strain to deal with the numbers of people who may want to come here.Domestically, the effects of sea level rise will be a growing issue, and the costs of adapting could be large, with more frequent floods, and droughts that damage agricultural production.Gross greenhouse gas emissions have climbed by around 25 per cent since 1990. When you look at net greenhouse gas emissions, the increase has been around 64 per cent.What has driven this and does it tell us New Zealand has been poor at addressing climate change?The difference between gross and net is explained by cutting down trees, basically.Our ""sinks"" of CO2 have decreased as forests have shrunk.Our sources have grown mostly from transport and industry.We have one of the highest car-ownership rates in the world and use a lot of fossil fuel to power industrial plant.Both net and gross numbers tell us that New Zealand has done nothing to address the causes of climate change.READ MORE: Major climate report: the five defining figuresIn fact, recent governments appear to have been content to live with the knowledge that we are doing more over time to change the climate.The pledge New Zealand made as part of the Paris Agreement - to slash emissions to 11 per cent below 1990 levels and 30 per cent below 2005 levels have been criticised by climate advocates as lacking, but considered fair and ambitious by the previous government. Your colleague at Victoria University, Professor Dave Frame, has also argued the commitments are at the strong end of the international spectrum. What is your own view? Are we being bold enough?I do not think New Zealand is being bold enough.We have abundant natural resources in terms of wind, water, and sunshine and should be able to power our economy entirely from renewable sources within 20 to 30 years.Being a leader in this area will have benefits for our economy, while dragging the chain is bound to cost us in comparison to those who do lead.There are well-known steps that could be taken to reduce our emissions by around 40 per cent compared to 1990 within the next 15 years.But whatever the targets, my main problem with current policy is that most of the ""reductions"" come from buying credits internationally - or paying others to reduce emissions while we increase ours.Obviously, not all countries can do this as someone somewhere has to be actually reducing their emissions.This approach goes against the ethos of the Paris Agreement, which calls on developed countries to lead the way with actual reductions in emissions.The new Government has committed to implementing a Zero Carbon Act and an independent Climate Commission. Does this give you confidence that New Zealand will step up to where you feel it should be?It is a very promising development and the new government is certainly talking the talk.I'll feel some confidence when I see them walking the walk, making actual policy changes and legislative incentives to move our economy and society in the right direction.READ MORE: Climate change: five ways it could harm usWhen it comes to tackling climate change, do you see our primary-based economy as being at odds with making meaningful gains? How can we hope to address climate change at home when half of greenhouse gas emissions come from agriculture, and our marine estate could hold vast, untapped reserves of oil and gas that could benefit our country?The majority of the growth in our emissions over the past 25 years has come from transport and industry.We could make great strides in these areas, plus in terms of waste reduction, and afforestation – without even touching agriculture.Those untapped oil reserves would only appear to ""benefit our country"" because we don't factor in the cost of the change in climate from burning those reserves.We have subsidised fossil fuels in this way for a century and more.There is no benefit to New Zealand from burning more fossil fuels.What do you make of the oft-made argument that what actions we take here are relatively insignificant, given we contribute just around 0.15 per cent of global emissions and future climate depends on the big polluters. Is this true to any extent?Of course the global profile of emissions is dominated by the big emitters.But on a per-capita basis, New Zealand is one of the big emitters.We are in the top 10 globally, per head of population, and there is as much of an onus on us as on the Chinese or the Americans to reduce our emissions.Plus, there is the ""soft power"" angle of being a leader, showing others how it's done, that would benefit us on the international stage.You toured the country recently to speak about climate change. Did the response suggest Kiwis are genuinely concerned about it? I note one survey a few years ago found only half of Kiwis agreed there was a scientific consensus human-driven climate change was actually happening, although more recent studies tell us awareness and acceptance of the science has been growing.Yes.We had full houses almost everywhere we went and the questions suggested strongly that those who came out to hear us are very interested and very concerned.But, across the broader population, it's harder to say.Because there's been no political leadership, most people probably give it very little thought and are more apathetic than concerned or dismissive.That aside, does New Zealand still have a sceptic problem? Are there still too many Kiwis who reject the scientific consensus?There are some, but I suspect it's a minority.I receive regular emails telling me I have the science wrong, but they come from a very small number of individuals.READ MORE: The Big Read: Our slow-moving disaster as sea level risesI'd say the major issue is that most people don't even think about it.So how hopeful are you, actually, that the world will avert the worst possible effects of climate change? Where do you place your optimism on a scale of one to 10?I am hopeful we can avoid the real worst-case scenario but I am pessimistic about the 1.5C or even 2C limit.My gut feeling is that we won't stop the warming until we are committed to 2.5C or even 3C of temperature rise.That would lock in loss of the West Antarctic ice sheet, plus most of Greenland and part of the east Antarctic and would commit the globe to 10m or more of sea level rise.Plus of course a big rise in extreme high temperatures, droughts, floods and crop failures.Because of the delay time built into the climate system, it's my feeling that we won't take decisive action until a lot of change is baked in, so we'll have a great deal of adapting to do.On a scale of one to 10 for optimism, I'm about a three.I would love to be pleasantly surprised.MONDAY: Our riversTODAY: Our climateTOMORROW: Our natureTHURSDAY: Our biosecurityFRIDAY: Our oceans"
59	3	Yes, but it didn’t act alone.Weather always makes good news, but the role of climate change in altering weather, especially extreme weather, has made the subject a lightning rod for unease.A case in point this week: A heat wave is triggering record temperatures in the Southwest. American Airlines reported having canceled up to 50 flights at Phoenix’s Sky Harbor airport, where the temperature has neared 120 degrees in recent days.Flight cancellations are a perfect foundation for climate-change panic. Commercial air travel is an aspect of ordinary life that touches everyone: Travelers can’t help but worry that their mobility will be impacted by near- and long-term effects of climate change. Much of the coverage tracking the American Airlines cancellations pegs climate change as a direct or indirect cause of the disruption.That account isn’t wrong. But it doesn’t tell the full story, either.When I asked, American Airlines cited a 118 degree “maximum operating temperature” for the flights in question, and confirmed that “the heat has impacted some of our regional flights.” But airplanes don’t exactly have such neat and tidy maximum temperatures. Temperature limits might affect avionic systems—the electronics that run communication, navigation, and so forth—but temperatures interact with airplane performance more than they allow or prohibit flight itself. Density altitude, which can change in part based on temperature, affects aerodynamic performance of specific aircraft, but that performance also interacts with other factors, including weight.“Aircraft engine performance is a function of many things including air temperature,” Glenn Lightsey, an aerospace engineer and colleague of mine at Georgia Tech said. “Hotter days require longer runways and more gradual ascent paths to lift the same weight.” Flight is complex, and it cannot be boiled down to a single number.The specific aircraft matters, too. American Airlines canceled flights using Canadair Regional Jet (CRJ) equipment. These are the business jets that cover routes between hubs and smaller markets. Larger passenger jets are rated to tolerate higher temperatures, well above those currently being experienced in the American Southwest—after all, planes also fly from Dubai, Riyadh, and Cairo.The CRJ’s history might play a role in its airworthiness under extreme heat. CRJs are currently made by Bombardier, a multinational transportation manufacturer. Bombardier bought the CRJ line from Canadair, a Canadian state aerospace company. These jets were originally designed for business use, and only later developed to serve the commercial regional jet market. They were not necessarily intended for use in all conditions and markets, nor to be packed full of passengers like they are today. (Bombardier did not immediately respond to a request for comment.)That circumstance is a consequence of deregulation and consolidation in the American airline market. When regulation demanded that airlines serve all markets, larger jets serviced smaller airports. But as those requirements lifted, and as more airlines merged, even once-thriving hubs like Cincinnati, St. Louis, and Memphis have become minor markets. Airlines began relying on equipment like the CRJ, because they can transport a smaller number of people at a lower cost. Were the affected flights on Boeing large jets instead, there would be no question about their ability to fly.Speaking of cost, it’s not clear if American itself has issued the CRJ-based flight cancellations, or if they came from the regional partners that actually operate those flights under American-Airlines livery. The business relationships between major carriers and their regional partners are complex. Some are wholly owned subsidiaries, while others—including Mesa and SkyWest, which serve Phoenix on behalf of American—are contracted carriers.Regional carriers tend to endure financial pressures from their major-carrier partners, some of which might make the effects of high-temperature operation a financial or operational burden. For example, it’s possible that the planes could fly safely above a certain ground temperature, but that the performance data to facilitate that flight is not already available or easily determined. Airlines have to buy the performance charts used to operate flights, and they might determine that it is not worth purchasing them for unlikely or uncommon scenarios.American Airlines didn’t comment when I asked who had made the determination to cancel flights, or if available performance data had any impact on the decision. At least one other airline, Delta, also canceled a flight operated by SkyWest on CRJ metal scheduled at the peak of Tuesday’s heat, although it isn’t clear if temperature played a role in that decision, or which airline made the call to cancel it.Grounding flights due to heat in Phoenix clearly is a matter that interacts with climate change. But it’s not solely explained by climate change. Industrial history, public policy, market economics, and other factors exert pressure on the situation, too.And that applies to more than flight. Climate change is a wicked problem because it interacts with so many other aspects of the lived and built environment. It does the subject a disservice to pretend that it can be summarized by the reading on a thermometer.
494	3	The EU and scores of developing countries have pledged to toughen their existing commitments to reduce greenhouse gas emissions to enable the world to stay within a 1.5C rise in global warming.The promise, which follows increasingly dire scientific warnings, was the most positive message yet to come from the ongoing talks in Poland.The announcement came at the end of a day in which the UN secretary general made an impassioned intervention to rescue the talks, which have been distracted by US, Russian and Saudi moves to downgrade scientific advice.“We’re running out of time,” António Guterres told the plenary. “To waste this opportunity would compromise our last best chance to stop runaway climate change. It would not only be immoral, it would be suicidal.”The talks have centred on devising a rulebook for implementing the 2015 Paris agreement and raising countries’ level of ambition to counter climate change, but progress has been slow on several key issues and divisions have emerged between four fossil fuel powers – the US, Russia, Saudi Arabia and Kuwait – and the rest of the world.The UN believes China could play a stronger role in the absence of leadership from the US. Sources said Guterres would make a telephone call to Xi to ask for his help in nudging talks forward.The EU also wants China, which is a key member of the block of 77 developing countries, to step up to ensure that countries all follow the same rules in being transparent over their greenhouse gas emissions.Campaigners praised the decision by the High Ambition Coalition group of countries, made up of the EU and four other developed countries, including Canada and New Zealand, as well as the large grouping of least developed countries and several other developing nations, to scale up their emissions-cutting efforts in line with a 1.5C temperature rise limit.Wendel Trio, director of the Climate Action Network Europe, said: “The spirit of Paris is back. The statement will boost greater ambition at the crunch time of these so far underwhelming talks. For the EU this must mean a commitment to significantly increase its 2030 target by 2020, even beyond the 55% reduction some member states and the European parliament are calling for. We call upon the countries that have not signed the statement so far to stop ignoring the science.” Guterres, in a pointed criticism aimed at the four countries that have been refusing to “welcome” the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change’s special report on 1.5-degree warming, said rejecting climate science was indefensible.He added: “The IPCC special report is a stark acknowledgment of what the consequences of global warming beyond 1.5 degrees will mean for billions of people around the world, especially those who call small island states home. This is not good news, but we cannot afford to ignore it.”Frank Bainimarama, the prime minister of Fiji and the outgoing chair of COP23, amplified Guterres’ message. He told delegates they risked going down in history as “the generation that blew it – that sacrificed the health of our world and ultimately betrayed humanity because we didn’t have the courage and foresight to go beyond our short-term individual concerns: craven, irresponsible and selfish”.The former US vice-president Al Gore told delegates they faced “the single most important moral choice in history of humanity”.Behind the scenes, delegates said there had been strong progress on finance thanks to a doubling of commitments by Germany and Norway to help poorer nations adapt to climate change and build institutions capable of monitoring emissions. Nicholas Stern, the author of a landmark review on the economics of climate change, praised “the level of ideas and cooperation”.But others said there were still many disputed brackets in the negotiating text on transparency and other elements of the rulebook.“There has been some progress, but it’s a very worrying time. There is still a lot more on the table than we hoped for at this stage,” said Helen Mountford, vice-president of the World Resources Institute. “The secretary general is coming in to make sure this COP can land in a good place. He will hold a summit next year to raise ambitions. If he wants success there, then here we need a robust rulebook and clear signals on ambition and finance.”Janos Pasztor, the former climate adviser to Ban Ki-moon, told the Guardian that Guterres was doing the right thing by intervening at a crucial stage. “He needs to make clear what the IPCC has described as a major challenge, and that we have to deliver on that,” he said.Pasztor added: “We are talking about the need for massive emissions reductions, that have to happen now, not in the future. It is very daunting. The secretary general has reminded the world of what is at stake, and the political significance of that.”The contrasts with the Paris climate summit, in terms of the political atmosphere, were striking. David Levaï, who was part of the French government team that helped to broker the successful 2015 conference, said the geopolitical winds were far less favourable today. Globally, the rise of nationalists such as Donald Trump in the US and Jair Bolsonaro in Brazil has tilted power towards fossil fuel and agribusiness interests.He said: “In the year before Paris, all countries made clear that they wanted an agreement. Now, there are repeated attacks on multilateralism, and this has empowered groups that take negative actions.”Levaï, who is at the Institute for Sustainable Development and International Relations, expressed hope that the secretary general might make a difference. “The fact that he has come back shows he feels a need to whip countries into order,” he said.There has been some criticism of the pro-coal government of Poland for failing to press governments to raise their ambitions. But it joined Fiji as co-chair of the Talanoa phase of the negotiations to issue a call for action that recognised the importance of the 1.5C report as the basis for more urgency and ambition.“The window for action is closing fast. We need to do more and we need to do it now,” said the document, which would form part of the official statement from this conference.
894	4	"Tova O'Brien says Ms Ardern's comments are a ""dig"" at Donald Trump. Credits: Image: Newshub; Video: The AM Show; One Planet Summit / YouTubePrime Minister Jacinda Ardern has told the United Nations the world isn't ready to face climate change.Speaking at the One Planet Summit in New York on Thursday morning, Ms Ardern again called climate change ""New Zealand's nuclear free moment"" - and challenged leaders to deal with it.""The Paris Agreement laid good foundations that we need but we know there is important work ahead,"" she told the crowd.""But on climate change, time is not our friend.""But there may have been one person she failed to convince - US President Donald Trump. Mr Trump has previously described climate change as a hoax and pulled the US out of the Agreement in 2017, arguing it's disadvantageous to the United States.Speech notes from Ms Ardern's address to the UN Secretary-General's High Level Dialogue on Climate Change, also on Thursday morning, quote her calling for world leaders to ""move off extreme positions"".""Political leaders may have thought that the Paris Agreement's adoption in 2016 meant 'job done',"" the text of her speech says.""But the Agreement only gives us the raw ingredients for climate action; the recipe - the detailed instructions - now have to be decided in Katowice.""The Katowice Climate Change Conference is aimed at ensuring the full implementation of the Paris Agreement, but Ms Ardern says the world isn't ready for it.""There are now only a few months until Katowice and negotiators are frankly not ready. It is time for political leaders to send a crystal clear message that negotiation of the rulebook needs to be successfully concluded in December,"" the text of her UN speech reads.""It is up to leaders - right now - to direct negotiators to move off extreme positions, to genuinely seek paths of convergence and to provide reassurance in the face of real anxieties.""Appearing on The AM Show on Thursday, Newshub political editor Tova O'Brien told host Duncan Garner that Ms Ardern's comments are a ""dig"" at Mr Trump.""If I was Trump, I would return fire and say 'hang on Jacinda, what about your transport industry... you can hardly talk love',"" Garner responded.""He should say something like that, because quite frankly New Zealanders are running around polluting the world and we're not being punished for it.""O'Brien said Mr Trump was unlikely to be listening to Ms Ardern.""Maybe the US President could raise some of those gripes around New Zealand's climate action, but I don't really think he's hearing any of the other countries at the UN are saying at the moment,"" she says.""He's very much putting America first -as he says, 'making America great again'.""Ms Ardern also met with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau at the UN, where she brought up trade issues.""In New Zealand, we've had the experience that globalisation, the opening up of trade and the reduction of barriers hasn't benefited everyone equally,"" she said.""So we launched a trade for all agenda; we're asking New Zealanders what they want to see from future free trade agreements. We want to model what prosperous trade that benefits and creates a more inclusive society and lifts everyone up more generally would [look] like."""
146	5	IN 1745, AS the river Liffey, having broken its banks, clawed at the foundations of the house in which he sat, the young Edmund Burke experienced a strange, perverse thrill. The man who would go on to found modern conservatism drew inspiration from this experience in a later essay on the sublime, writing of the unmatched delight that terrible destruction could stir—provided that it is watched from a certain distance.The most terrible thing about the spectacular scenes of destruction that have played out around the world over the past weeks is that there is no safe place from which to observe them. The ground under the German town of Erftstadt is torn apart like tissue paper by flood waters; Lytton in British Columbia is burned from the map just a day after setting a freakishly high temperature record; cars float like dead fish through the streets-turned-canals in the Chinese city of Zhengzhou. All the world feels at risk, and most of it is.Greenhouse-gas emissions have produced a planet more than 1°C (1.8°F) warmer than it was in Burke’s pre-industrial days. Its atmosphere, stoked up and out of joint, is producing heavy weather in ways both predicted and surprising. And, with emissions continuing, it will get worse.Unfortunately, 2021 will probably be one of the 21st century’s coolest years. If temperatures rise by 3°C above pre-industrial levels in the coming decades—as they might even if everyone manages to honour today’s firm pledges—large parts of the tropics risk becoming too hot for outdoor work. Coral reefs and the livelihoods that depend on them will vanish and the Amazon rainforest will become a ghost of itself. Severe harvest failures will be commonplace. Ice sheets in Antarctica and Greenland will shrink past the point of no return, promising sea rises measured not in millimetres, as today’s are, but in metres.Six years ago, in Paris, the countries of the world committed themselves to avoiding the worst of that nightmare by eliminating net greenhouse-gas emissions quickly enough to hold the temperature rise below 2°C. Their progress towards that end remains woefully inadequate. Yet even if their efforts increased dramatically enough to meet the 2°C goal, it would not stop forests from burning today; prairies would still dry out tomorrow, rivers break their banks and mountain glaciers disappear.Cutting emissions is thus not enough. The world also urgently needs to invest in adapting to the changing climate. The good news is that adaptation makes political sense. People can clearly see the need for it. When a country invests in flood defences it benefits its own citizens above all others—there is no free-rider problem, as there could be for emissions reduction. Nor does all the money come from the public purse; companies and private individuals can see the need for adaptation and act on it. When they do not do so, insurance companies can open their eyes to the risks they are running.Some adaptation is fairly easily set in place. Systems for warning Germans of coming floods will surely now improve. But other problems require much larger public investment, like that which has been put into water-management in the Netherlands. Rich countries can afford such things. Poor countries and poor people need help, which is why the Paris climate agreement calls for annual transfers of $100bn from rich to poor.The rich countries have not yet lived up to their side of this. On July 20th John Kerry, President Joe Biden’s special envoy on climate change, reiterated America’s pledge to triple its support to $1.5bn for adaptation in poorer countries by 2024, part of a broader move to increase investment in adaptation and mitigation in developing countries. More such efforts are vital.But they also have limits. Making do with less water may be possible; getting by on none is not. Some levels of temperature and humidity make outdoors activity impossible. There comes one flood too many, after which you abandon the land. When the reef is gone, it is gone.If the Paris goal of keeping the rise below 2°C is met, the full extent of those limits will not be tested. But emission-cutting zeal may not accelerate as required. And the climate system could prove more sensitive than it has shown itself to be to date, as some scientists believe possible, producing more warming per tonne of carbon in the atmosphere.Hence it is also prudent to study the most spectacular, and scary, form of adaptation: solar geoengineering. This seeks to make clouds or particle layers in the atmosphere a bit more mirror-like, reflecting away some sunlight. It cannot provide a straightforward equal and opposite response to greenhouse-gas warming; it will tend, for example, to reduce precipitation somewhat more than temperature, potentially changing rainfall patterns. But research over the past 15 years has suggested that solar geoengineering might significantly reduce some of the harms from greenhouse warming.What nobody yet knows is how such schemes could be developed so as to reflect not just the interests of their instigators, but also those of all the countries they will affect. Different countries might seek different amounts of cooling; some ways of putting solar geoengineering into effect would help some regions while harming others. Nor is there yet a compelling rejoinder to the risk that the very idea of such things tomorrow reduces the incentive to be ambitious in cutting emissions today.To think about solar geoengineering requires facing those problems—and the risk that powers with little interest in them may try out such schemes regardless. It also means facing squarely what kind of being humankind has become. Watching the rising waters of the Liffey, Burke “considered how little man is, yet in his mind how great…Master of all things, yet scarce can command anything.” Manipulating the climate that humanity has destabilised—unwittingly, at first—spurs similar thoughts of simultaneous power and impotence. It is not nature that humans cannot command, but themselves, in all their insignificance and world-altering might. ■
685	3	"The BBC's weekly The Boss series profiles different business leaders from around the world. This week we speak to Christian Kroll, the founder and chief executive of internet search engine Ecosia.Christian Kroll wants nothing less than to change the world.""I want to make the world a greener, better place,"" he says.""I also want to prove that there is a more ethical alternative to the kind of greedy capitalism that is coming close to destroying the planet.""The 35-year-old German is the boss of search engine Ecosia, which has an unusual but very environmentally friendly business model - it gives away most of its profits to enable trees to be planted around the world.Founded by Christian in 2009, Ecosia makes its money in the same way as Google - from advertising revenues. It earns cash every time someone clicks on one of the adverts that appears above and beside its search results.Ecosia then donates 80% of the profits it makes from this to tree-planting charities. To date it has funded more than 105 million new trees, from Indonesia to Brazil, and Kenya to Haiti.As obviously not everyone clicks on the adverts, the company estimates that, on average, it takes 45 searches to raise the 0.22 euro (20p; 26 US cents) cost of planting of one tree.Today Berlin-based Ecosia says it has 15 million users. This is a tiny drop in the ocean compared with Google's estimated 5.6 billion searches per day, but Christian says he has grand ambitions to ""scale massively, win more users, and plant billions of trees"".And unlike the billionaire founders of Google - Larry Page and Sergey Brin - he promises to never buy a super yacht. ""While they have big yachts I have an inflatable dinghy that I take to lakes. Ego consumption is not appropriate in a world where there's climate change.""Christian would, in fact, struggle to buy a yacht if he ever wanted one, as he put two legally binding restrictions on the business - shareholders and staff cannot personally sell shares or take profits outside of the company.Born in the former East Germany in 1985, Christian wasn't always so altruistic. As a teenager in the town of Wittenberg, he and his friends would play the stock markets, often trebling their investments.He wanted to become a stockbroker, and so enrolled to study business administration at the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg in Bavaria.However, his world view changed when aged 18 he went travelling for three months through India. ""I met smarter people than me who didn't have the same opportunities because they weren't born in Germany,"" he says. ""It started dawning on me that maybe I should do something to make the world a better place.""Then at university he first started to pay close attention to online advertising when he set up a website that compared different online brokers. ""I was shocked at how much of my revenue I was spending on Google ads to bring traffic to the site,"" he says.And so his idea for what would eventually become Ecosia was born. ""It became clear to me that Google had a very smart business model, and it was also fairly obvious that there was space for a purpose-driven search engine to do something similar... to use the money to fund tree planting.""After university he spent six months in Nepal in 2007, where he first tried and failed to launch a search engine to raise funds for local charity and non-government projects. ""I didn't know how to launch a business, funds were limited, and most days there were internet and electricity issues.""He then spent 10 months in South America where the level of deforestation that he saw gave him the determination to launch Ecosia in 2009 after he had returned to Germany. The name is a mixture of the words ""eco"" and ""utopia"".Christian says he got the business up and running with the help of others. ""The truth is that I didn't have the technical knowledge to do it, but I was able to rely upon the skillset of friends and family,"" he says. Today Ecosia employs 70 people, and it publishes financial statements online every month. Last year it had annual revenues of â¬19.3m (Â£17.3m; $22.8m), and a pre-tax profit of â¬14.5m.All of its electricity comes from solar power, and 80% of its users are said to be 29 or younger.Its search engine uses Microsoft's Bing's technology, with whom it has a long-term arrangement. ""They really like what we are doing,"" says Christian.Eric Haggstrom, analyst at business research group Insider Intelligence, says that Ecosia and other smaller search engines face ""significant obstacles"".""Most importantly, Google provides the default search for Android devices, and the Chrome browser,"" he says. ""And it spends billions of dollars a year to be the default search provider for Apple devices.More The Boss features:""Most users won't use search engines other than their device or browser defaults. And on the ad side, advertisers use Google's search product because it performs [so] well.""Christian admits it ""can be tricky"", and wants regulators to do something to loosen Google's grip.But more generally, he wants to see capitalism changed for the better. ""This is really needed in the 21st Century,"" he says.""What we're trying to do is reform capitalism. I think in its current state it's not healthy. I want us to rethink how business should be, what the role of business is."""
396	4	"IN December 1997, representatives of most of the world's nations met in Kyoto, Japan, to negotiate a binding agreement to cut emissions of ""greenhouse"" gases.They succeeded. The Kyoto Protocol was ultimately ratified by 156 countries. It was the first agreement of its kind. But it may also prove to be the last.Today, in the middle of new global warming talks in Montreal, there is a sense that the whole idea of global agreements to cut greenhouse gases won't work.A major reason the optimism over Kyoto has eroded so rapidly is that its major requirement -- that 38 participating industrialized countries cut their greenhouse emissions below 1990 levels by the year 2012 -- was seen as just a first step toward increasingly aggressive cuts.But in the years after the protocol was announced, developing countries, including the fast-growing giants China and India, have held firm on their insistence that they would accept no emissions cuts, even though they are likely to be the world's dominant source of greenhouse gases in coming years.Their refusal helped fuel strong opposition to the treaty in the United States Senate and its eventual rejection by President Bush.But the current stalemate is not just because of the inadequacies of the protocol. It is also a response to the world's ballooning energy appetite, which, largely because of economic growth in China, has exceeded almost everyone's expectations. And there are still no viable alternatives to fossil fuels, the main source of greenhouse gases.Then, too, there is a growing recognition of the economic costs incurred by signing on to the Kyoto Protocol.As Prime Minister Tony Blair of Britain, a proponent of emissions targets, said in a statement on Nov. 1: ""The blunt truth about the politics of climate change is that no country will want to sacrifice its economy in order to meet this challenge.""This is as true, in different ways, in developed nations with high unemployment, like Germany and France, as it is in Russia, which said last week that it may have spot energy shortages this winter.Some veterans of climate diplomacy and science now say that perhaps the entire architecture of the climate treaty process might be flawed.The basic template came out of the first international pact intended to protect the atmosphere, the 1987 Montreal Protocol for eliminating chemicals that harmed the ozone layer, said Richard A. Benedick, the Reagan administration's chief representative in the talks leading to that agreement.That agreement was a success, but a misleading one in the context of climate. It led, Mr. Benedick now says, to ""years wasted in these annual shindigs designed to generate sound bites instead of sober contemplation of difficult issues.""While it was relatively easy to phase out ozone-harming chemicals, called chlorofluorocarbons, which were made by a handful of companies in a few countries, taking on carbon dioxide, the main climate threat, was a completely different matter, he said.Carbon dioxide is generated by activities as varied as surfing the Web, driving a car, burning wood or flying to Montreal. Its production is woven into the fabric of an industrial society, and, for now, economic growth is inconceivable without it.Developing countries -- China and India being only the most dramatic examples -- want to burn whatever energy they need, in whatever form available, to grow their economies and raise the living standard of their people.And the United States -- by far the world's largest producer of greenhouse gases -- continues to say that emissions targets or requirements would stunt economic growth in both rich and poor nations. All this has turned the Montreal meeting, many participants have conceded, into, at best, a preliminary meeting on how to start over in addressing the threat of global warming.Indeed, from here on, progress on climate is less likely to come from megaconferences like the one in Montreal and more likely from focused initiatives by clusters of countries with common interests, said Mr. Benedick, who is now a consultant and president of the National Council on Science and the Environment, a private group promoting science-based environmental policies.The only real answer at the moment is still far out on the horizon: nonpolluting energy sources. But the amount of money being devoted to research and develop such technologies, much less install them, is nowhere near the scale of the problem, many experts on energy technology said.Enormous investments in basic research have to be made promptly, even with the knowledge that most of the research is likely to fail, if there is to be any chance of creating options for the world's vastly increased energy thirst in a few decades, said Richard G. Richels, an economist at the Electric Power Research Institute, a nonprofit center for energy and environment research.""The train is not leaving the station, and it needs to leave the station,"" Mr. Richels said. ""If we don't have the technologies available at that time, it's going to be a mess."""
893	5	European funds managing two trillion dollars in assets called on cement companies to slash their greenhouse gas emissions on Monday, warning that a failure to do so could put their business models at risk.With the extreme weather and natural disasters associated with climate change intensifying around the world, some asset managers are ramping up engagement with heavy polluters to demand a faster transition to a cleaner economy.“The cement sector needs to dramatically reduce the contribution it makes to climate change,” said Stephanie Pfeifer, chief executive of the Institutional Investors Group on Climate Change, which has more than 170 members, mainly European pension funds and asset managers.“This is ultimately a business-critical issue for the sector,” Pfeifer said in a statement.The group said investors had written to cement or construction materials companies including Ireland’s CRH,  Franco-Swiss group LafargeHolcim and France’s St Gobain to demand they achieve net-zero carbon emissions by 2050. They also noted that Germany’s HeidelbergCement had already adopted the target.The funds urged all cement companies to align themselves with the 2015 Paris agreement to combat global warming, engage with policymakers to ensure an orderly transition to a low carbon economy, and increase their reporting of climate risk.“Construction materials companies may ultimately risk divestment and lack of access to capital as an increasing number of investors seek to exclude highly carbon-intensive sectors from their portfolios,” said Vincent Kaufmann, chief executive of the Ethos Foundation, a group of Swiss pension funds, which signed the letters.Signatories collectively manage assets worth two trillion dollars and include Aberdeen Standard Investments, BNP Paribas Asset Management, Sarasin & Partners and Hermes EOS.Although funds are increasingly engaging with companies from airlines to carmakers on emissions, few are calling for the systemic transformation of the global economic system that scientists increasingly argue is needed to prevent runaway climate breakdown.The cement industry produces seven percent of the world’s carbon dioxide emissions, according to the International Energy Agency, meaning that if it were a country, it would be the third-largest emitter, behind the United States and China.With climate campaigners traditionally focused on fossil fuel companies, the European cement sector has received comparatively little scrutiny until recently.On Tuesday, police arrested six climate activists from civil disobedience group Extinction Rebellion at a protest aimed at disrupting a site in east London belonging to London Concrete, a unit of LafargeHolcim.In June last year, a report from the think-tank, Chatham House, concluded that although there was no “silver bullet” to reduce emissions from cement, it should be possible to deploy a range of policies and technologies to achieve deep decarbonisation.
316	4	ANALYSIS: The future is now. That’s the upshot of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change's latest report into the state of global emissions. Climate change has always been a thing in the future – an abstract concept of something that might happen at the later date. But according to the IPCC, the environmental bill for the carbon dioxide steadily pumped into the atmosphere since the industrial revolution is already falling due and can be seen around us. According to the mammoth report – the first in eight years – extreme weather events  around the world  are due, at least in part, to human-induced climate change. Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern has called New Zealand’s response to the global challenge of climate change  as her generation’s “nuclear-free moment”. But both the risks and the costs for New Zealand will be much greater than that. READ MORE: * Nick Smith's 'moderate' message on climate change * 'The clock is ticking': Less talk, more action needed in the race against climate change * Eat plants to help the climate, IPCC report suggests  The nuclear-free moment of the 1980s really didn’t directly physically affect New Zealand in any way but climate change is and will, according to the IPCC. So far, the warming here has been less pronounced than in larger land masses because New Zealand is surrounded by water. In a political sense climate change is one of any number of policies vying for the Government's attention. Also in the mix are water reforms, the Resource Management Act, overhaul of the health system, infrastructure building and dealing with a pandemic – and that’s just to name of few. The difference with climate change is that it cuts across all the other areas is both scope and cost. But that fact doesn’t mean that it defies the laws of arithmetic. Essentially the Government will have to decide how much economic cost it is prepared to accept in the short-term to start fixing climate change, while also finding the money to try to pay for all the other things it is trying to do. It then has to convince the electorate that the balance it has reached is  the right one. It's equally tough for opposition parties to argue around how they would better achieve emission cuts – a need for which is now widely accepted across the political spectrum. The Climate Change Commission has modelled that the economic costs of inaction will be ultimately greater in the long run. From the Government’s perspective, this is yet another report giving intellectual ballast to the case for swifter climate action. Its view is broadly that the runway is shortening, and the room for movement is diminishing. In other words, New Zealand has to act, do it now and has limited levers to pull to do so. This report will not directly affect New Zealand’s “nationally determined contribution” – which will be the amount of emissions New Zealand can pump into the air over the next decade in line with the commitment to play our part to keep global temperature rise to 1.5 degrees. But it will almost certainly form the base of the whatever the next commitment New Zealand needs to make is. The politics of climate have been changing over the past decade. But New Zealand has still been much better at giving lip service to emission reductions than actually driving down emissions – including the current Government. This report will again make the case for relative inertia and complacency harder to make.
176	5	HOW TO AVOID A CLIMATE DISASTERThe Solutions We Have and the Breakthroughs We NeedBy Bill GatesFirst things first — much respect to Bill Gates for his membership in the select club of ultrabillionaires not actively attempting to flee Earth and colonize Mars. His affection for his home planet and the people on it shines through clearly in this new book, as does his proud and usually endearing geekiness. The book’s illustrations include photos of him inspecting industrial facilities, like a fertilizer distribution plant in Tanzania; definitely the happiest picture is of him and his son grinning identical grins outside an Icelandic geothermal power station. “Rory and I used to visit power plants for fun,” he writes, “just to learn how they worked.”And this new volume could not be more timely — it emerges after a year that saw the costliest slew of weather disasters in history, and that despite a cooling La Niña current in the Pacific managed to set the mark for record global temperature. As everyone can attest who watched the blazes of Australia and California, or the hurricanes with odd Greek names crashing through the gulf, we are in dire need of solutions to the greatest crisis our species has yet faced.It is a disappointment, then, to report that this book turns out to be a little underwhelming. Gates — who must have easy access to the greatest experts the world can provide — is surprisingly behind the curve on the geeky parts, and he’s worse at interpreting the deeper and more critical aspects of the global warming dilemma. Since he confesses that he completely missed the climate challenge until 2006, when he met with some scientists almost two decades after the problem emerged (previously “I had assumed there were cyclical variations or other factors that would naturally prevent a true climate disaster”), it’s perhaps not surprising that he’s still catching up. And yet, his miscalculations are important, because they are widely shared.Let’s do the numbers first. Gates correctly understands the basic challenge, which is to “get to zero” as soon as we can. “Humans need to stop adding greenhouse gases to the atmosphere,” he writes, which is as useful a sentence as the English language admits. And he understands that the key to doing this is to electrify as much human activity as possible: from powering our computers to turning the wheels of our cars and buses to producing steel. But when it comes to generating that electricity, he worries that solar panels aren’t becoming more efficient fast enough: Unlike computer chips, for instance, there’s no “Moore’s law” that doubles their usefulness every two years.But that’s not really the target here: In fact, as the analyst Ramez Naam pointed out last spring, the price of solar power has dropped astonishingly in the last decade, far outpacing even the most optimistic forecasts. The price drop is 50 to 100 years ahead of what the International Energy Agency was forecasting in 2010, mostly because we’re getting better at building and installing solar panels. Every time we double the number of panels installed, the price drops another 30 to 40 percent, and there’s plenty of runway left.These staggering numbers are why Gates’s current-day snapshots of the “Green Premiums” you need to pay for clean energy don’t mean as much as he thinks they do: Especially since storage batteries are now dropping in price on a similar curve, it’s clear that the imperative is to install as much solar (and wind power, which is on the same price trajectory) as fast as humanly possible, since if we don’t make huge progress in the next 10 years scientists have made clear we can kiss the targets we set in Paris goodbye.One wishes Gates had talked, for instance, with Stanford’s Mark Jacobson, whose team has calculated how almost every country on earth could go to 80 percent renewable energy by 2030. If he had, he might have understood more clearly that the things that really interest him — advanced nuclear power, for instance, where he describes his considerable investments — are more about mopping up: He’s absolutely right that we should be investing in research across a wide list of technologies because we may need them down the line to help scrub the last increments of fossil fuel from the system, but the key work will be done (or not) over the next decade, and it will be done by sun and wind.As London’s Carbon Tracker Initiative explained last year, building new sun- and wind-power facilities is already, or soon will be, cheaper even than operating existing coal-fired power. Most people, Gates included, have not caught on yet to just how fast this engineering miracle is happening.So why aren’t we moving much faster than we are? That’s because of politics, and this is where Gates really wears blinders. “I think more like an engineer than a political scientist,” he says proudly — but that means he can write an entire book about the “climate disaster” without discussing the role that the fossil fuel industry played, and continues to play, in preventing action.We now know from great investigative reporting that the oil companies knew everything about climate change back in the 1980s, and that they systematically built an edifice of disinformation and denial to keep us in the dark. That’s why we’ve wasted almost three decades of scientific warning. “I don’t have a solution to the politics of climate change,” Gates writes, but in fact he does: He founded, and his foundation is a shareholder in, a company that has donated money to exactly the politicians who are in the pocket of big oil. A Bloomberg analysis last fall found that Microsoft had given only a third of its contributions to “climate-friendly” politicians. Emily Atkin, in a December issue of her climate newsletter Heated, pointed out that Microsoft had joined 42 other corporations in a letter to President-elect Biden calling on him to enact “ambitious” climate policies — and then donated to David Perdue for his Georgia Senate runoff (other signatories to the letter also gave to Kelly Loeffler). Had they won and the G.O.P. retained control of the Senate, the chances for those ambitious climate policies would have been nil.Gates mentions in passing at one point that he chose to divest his fortune from fossil fuel companies, but only because “I don’t want to profit if their stock prices go up because we don’t develop zero-carbon alternatives.” He scoffed at the idea that activists (who otherwise go mostly unmentioned in this book) thought that “divesting alone” would “transform the world’s energy system.” But of course those activists, myself included, thought no such thing. They understood that weakening the fossil fuel industry was simply one key part of the job of rapid decarbonization, just like engineering. That is, the activists were thinking multidimensionally, which Gates is so far not.Maybe that’s a weakness that comes with wealth; it’s obviously easy enough to slag Gates for flying in a private jet (and his publisher must have winced a little when he chose the winter of his book launch to join a bidding war for ownership of the world’s largest private jet servicing company). But I think that’s missing the point: The exhaust plume from his airplane won’t make or break the planet’s temperature, but given his resources and political reach, the quality of his analysis just might.Power comes in many forms, from geothermal and nuclear to congressional and economic; it’s wonderful that Gates has decided to work hard on climate questions, but to be truly helpful he needs to resolve to be a better geek — he needs to really get down on his hands and knees and examine how that power works in all its messiness. Politics very much included.
180	3	Voter behavior has long held mysteries for both politicians and psychologists. Why do poor and working-class voters across the US South, for instance, still line up to support conservative candidates whose policies favor the rich, weaken the social-safety net and limit access to affordable health care?Some in the field of moral psychology have argued that national politics is “more like religion than it is like shopping”. Entrenched notions of cultural identity, in other words, can often be more motivating than short-term policy promises.But how to explain the paralyzing resistance to climate change action, where the risks approach existential peaks unseen in historical human experience? Despite spending a record amount of money to sway the mid-term US elections, environmental groups and high-profile donors failed to avert a sweeping Republican victory last week, in which candidates opposing the regulation of greenhouse gases and championing the expansion of tar sands pipelines won big. It’s not as though the facts aren’t there: the global scientific community has warned us for years about the present and future impacts of climate change linked to fossil fuel use. Earlier this month, for example, the latest Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change report came out, warning of “severe, widespread, and irreversible impacts” if carbon emissions are not halted fast. “Science has spoken,” UN secretary-general Ban Ki-Moon said during the report’s release. “Time is not on our side.”With so much at stake, why do people fail to act? What’s happening inside their brains? Thanks to decades of collaboration between neuroscientists and psychologists – bolstered by the advent of imaging technologies, such as functional magnetic resonance imaging, which allows them to see exactly how the brain makes choices – we’re beginning to understand just why people behave so irrationally. Part of the reason, according to these studies, is that – for the human brain – climate change simply does not compute. For one thing, human brains aren’t wired to respond easily to large, slow-moving threats.“Our brain is essentially a get-out-of-the-way machine,” Daniel Gilbert, a professor of psychology at Harvard best known for his research into happiness, told audiences at Harvard Thinks Big 2010. “That’s why we can duck a baseball in milliseconds.”While we have come to dominate the planet because of such traits, he said, threats that develop over decades rather than seconds circumvent the brain’s alarm system. “Many environmentalists say climate change is happening too fast. No, it’s happening too slowly. It’s not happening nearly quickly enough to get our attention.”Humans are saddled with other shortcomings, too. “Loss aversion” means we’re more afraid of losing what we want in the short-term than surmounting obstacles in the distance. Our built-in “optimism bias” irrationally projects sunny days ahead in spite of evidence to the contrary. To compound all that, we tend to seek out information not for the sake of gaining knowledge for its own sake, but to support our already-established viewpoints.Daniel Kahneman, Nobel Memorial Prize winner in economics, writes in “Thinking, Fast and Slow” that our brains respond most decisively to those things we know for certain. The more uncertainty that comes along (if climate change will bring 2C degrees of warming or 6C; whether hurricanes will intensity in the Pacific and the Atlantic; if the world’s governments could even stave off the worst of the predicted disasters if they acted immediately in concert) the less we are able to act on what we know for certain. A study from the University of Rochester in 2012 also confirms this tendency.“In a way, it’s unfair to expect people, homo sapiens, to do this kind of monitoring, to do this kind of decision making, because we’re not wired for that,” said Elke Weber, a professor of management and psychology at Columbia University.Considering how irrational individual minds are, business, which is at least “theoretically rational”, may have more capacity to lead a climate change response. Once historical notions of the primacy of short-term profitability are swept aside, that is.“Individuals have a cognitive bias to instant gratification,” Tima Bansal, executive director of the Network for Business Sustainability in London, Ontario, Canada, and a professor at the Ivey Business School. “Organizations, which are theoretically rational, have another mindset. Rational behavior means you would take the discounted future cash flow of your earnings, so you would make the long-term investments.”So why are most businesses still stuck in short-term thinking about profitability?One key challenge, of course, is the pressure from investors seeking quarterly returns. “That’s an institutional phenomenon,” Bansal said. “We’re pushing our organizations to short-termism so I will never make the investment in a new plant, I will never make the investment in training my employees, because really I should pay them as little as I can to make my expectations next quarter.”That thinking is changing, however, as evidenced in an increasing number of companies moving away from quarterly to semi-annual reporting, she said.She also pointed to conversations occurring within the NBS Leadership Council, a group of sustainability leaders drawn from across Canada’s economic sectors, including 3M, Teck, Suncor Energy, and Unilever. The group gathers annually to discuss their most pressing sustainability concerns and challenges, she said. And that conversation has moved quickly in recent years from how to make sustainability profitable to how to motivate consumers and, at the council’s September gathering, how to work with competing companies to create social change – “truly dealing with the tragedy of the commons”, she said.More information may not be the key for climate action or to increase sustainability scores, and doomsday message tend to fail across the board, Weber said. What works better is the use of status, metrics and friendly competition. As she put it:Carbon footprints have been useful because people can improve. You can actually have a positive trajectory and feel good about that. Then you can compete. Everybody likes to have that smiley face; no one likes to have that frowny face. In more rational environments you need metrics. Metrics focusing our attention on these longer time horizon outcomes and goals is what we need because we naturally focus on the here and now. We don’t need to promote that.“Short-termism,” Bansal added, “is the bane of sustainability.”So is, it seems, the individual mind.“Self-control is a huge issue for people, whether it’s what we’re eating or saving for our retirement,” Weber said.  Referencing a classic psychological experiment on gratification, she added: There’s a two-year-old in the back of our minds that’s still there that we’ve learned to overrule that wants to have their one marshmallow now rather than wait for two marshmallows. Very few people on this planet want to destroy planet earth. It’s just that our other agendas get in the way of things that might have a longer time horizon.Read more stories like this: The Science Behind Sustainability Solutions blog is funded by the Arizona State University Walton Sustainability Solutions Initiatives. All content is editorially independent except for pieces labelled advertisement feature. Find out more here.
834	3	El Salvador is the smallest country in Central America and has one of the highest population densities in the region, with more than 300 inhabitants per square kilometer. Alongside Guatemala and Honduras, it also ranks among the poorest countries in the Americas, according to the UN organization UNICEF. More than 40% of children in El Salvador live in poverty. Moreover, the country is suffering badly from the consequences of climate change: Drought and forest fires are destroying areas used for food production, while hurricanes and floods cause widespread devastation. Degraded soil and increasing urban sprawl pose a threat to water and food supplies.  Ricardo Navarro's small non-governmental organization CESTA (Salvadoran Center for Appropriate Technology) has been fighting for decades for greater climate and environmental protection and a sustainable future in El Salvador. Thanks to the NGO's perseverance, various laws have been passed, such as a ban on further metal mining. A central point of CESTA's activities is teaching female smallholder farmers about organic farming and how to obtain seeds from local varieties. The women produce primarily for their own use and earn extra money by selling their surplus.  Project goal: CESTA is one of the first small organizations worldwide to receive support from the German Federal Ministry for the Environment (BMU) to expand its climate commitment as part of the IKI Small Grants Program. One focus of the CESTA program is the support for women, especially through environmental education. In total, the IKI Small Grants program supports micro-projects for climate and nature conservation in 27 developing and emerging countries. Project partner: The IKI Small Grants program is implemented by the Deutsche Gesellschaft für Internationale Zusammenarbeit (GIZ) GmbH on behalf of the BMU. Project duration: The project in El Salvador started in May 2021 and will run for two years.  Budget: Total funding available for the IKI Small Grants projects amounts to €3 million.A film by Carolina Chimoy
766	4	"The government has opened the way to pledging a tougher carbon-cutting goal under the Paris Agreement. Climate Change Minister James Shaw has asked an independent panel - the Climate Change Commission - to look at New Zealand's pledge for the decade between now and 2030. The current pledge is to cut emissions by 30 per cent below 2005 levels. Shaw has asked the commission to advise on whether the target is adequate to enable New Zealand to do its bit to keep the world under 1.5 degrees Celsius higher than pre-industrial levels. READ MORE: * Coronavirus curveball for Climate Change Commission * Coronavirus: what does the UN summit delay mean for climate change? * Climate Change Minister James Shaw expects carbon credit numbers to shock If the commission decides the target should be tougher, New Zealand might pledge a more ambitious cut before the next major global climate meeting next year. The government isn't bound by the commission's recommendations, but must give reasons if it doesn't stick to advice on matters such as New Zealand's emissions budgets. Under the 2015 Paris Agreement, countries agreed to keep global average heating to less than 2 degrees Celsius, or ideally, 1.5C. That would give humanity the best possible chance of avoiding the costliest impacts of climate change, virtually all countries agreed. But every country has the freedom to decide its own targets to help stay inside that temperature, by making individual pledges called Nationally Determined Contributions (NDCs). Currently, the sum of countries' NDCs has the world on track to greatly overshoot 2C - and many countries don't appear to be on track to meet their pledges. ""The first NDCs were lodged at the beginning of 2016...we were one of first countries out of gate but the world has moved on tremendously since then,"" said Shaw.  The next big international climate conference was originally due to take place later this year, in Scotland. Nations had a chance to submit more ambitious pledges before the meeting. Shaw said the government had originally planned to get the climate commission's advice on a new pledge in time to announce any changes before the conference. However, delays getting New Zealand's zero carbon law through Parliament meant it hadn't been possible to do that, because the commission didn't exist until recently. By coincidence, Covid-19 lockdowns have meant the conference in Glasgow has had to be delayed. Now, New Zealand might have time to announce a new target before the next meeting, if the commission recommends a different NDC. The public will have a good indication of what the commission is thinking before it reports to the government next May, because the commissioners will consult the public before giving their verdict.  A separate, but related, task for the commission is looking at how much New Zealand agriculture will have to trim its methane, the most fiercely contested aspect of the current zero carbon law. The current target in New Zealand domestic legislation is a 24-47 percent drop by 2050 and a 10 percent drop by 2030. Shaw said he'd received feedback that the 2050 target for methane might be ""so broad as to be unhelpful"". With debate still swirling about the correct goal for methane, and where to aim within that range, he wanted the commission's independent opinion. ""That's why we set up the commission, to de-politicise the whole process,"" he said. The minister has asked the commission to supply advice on how much New Zealand's methane – mostly from animal burps – must fall to be on track for a 1.5C goal. New Zealand's zero carbon law aims to get the country carbon neutral by 2050, with a lighter target for methane, which is not as long-lived. One major development since the NDC was announced is the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change putting out its 2018 report on limiting warming to 1.5C. That report laid out the scale of the challenge, and highlighted how much suffering and cost could be avoided if nations managed to stay under 1.5C. Countries have some freedom about how to measure their progress – and New Zealand has copped criticism domestically for using ""gross-net"" accounting. That means the 2030 target is for net emissions (including the carbon sink of forests), but it is measured against our 2005 gross emissions, meaning net emissions can grow and New Zealand still meet its commitment. Shaw said the issue of gross-net accounting was not something he'd specifically asked the commission to look at it, but the terms of reference were broad enough that they could if they wanted to. ""The important thing is to actually reduce emissions in gross and net terms, so to the extent to which the accounting methodology obfuscates that, it's unhelpful,"" he said. The announcement that the NDC is under review was timed so Shaw could inform an overnight meeting of the Alliance of Small Island States."
19	3	Bangladeshi children sit on garbage piled up by the river Buriganga in Hazaribagh area in Dhaka. Photo / APThe lives and futures of more than 19 million Bangladeshi children are at risk from the colossal impact of devastating floods, cyclones and other environmental disasters linked to climate change, according to a report by the United Nations children's agency released yesterday.The Unicef report said the estimate includes hundreds of thousands of Rohingya refugee children from Burma, also known as Myanmar, who are living in squalid camps in Bangladesh's coastal district of Cox's Bazar.The report says that because of the impact of climate, families across Bangladesh, a low-lying delta nation crisscrossed by more than 130 rivers, have migrated to big cities from villages after losing their livelihoods to increasing salinity in arable land, flooding, or river bank erosion. It documents children being forced into sex trafficking or marriage to survive.Around 12 million of the most affected children live in and around the powerful river systems — which include the river Buriganga in Hazaribagh area in Dhaka (below) — which regularly burst their banks, Unicef's Dhaka spokesman, Jean-Jacques Simon, said.- AP
806	4	"The crisis sparked by the coronavirus pandemic caused US emissions to drop by 10.3% last year, according to preliminary estimates by the Rhodium Group, a private data analytics firm. That is the single biggest drop in annual emissions in the post-World War II era, the group said. By comparison, the 2009 economic recession caused emissions to drop 6.3%.Carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases trap solar radiation in the atmosphere, just like the glass traps heat in a greenhouse. This causes temperatures to rise and drives more extreme weather, ice melt, sea level rise and ocean acidification.Last year's dramatic plunge means the US has met a key emission-cutting target set by the Obama administration. Under the 2009 Copenhagen Accord, the US pledged that by 2020, it will have cut its emissions by 17% from 2005 levels. Because of the pandemic, emissions were 21.5% lower in 2020, compared to 2005.""However, 2020 should not in any way be considered a down payment toward the US meeting its 2025 Paris Agreement target of 26-28% below 2005 levels,"" the authors of the Rhodium Group report said. ""With coronavirus vaccines now in distribution, we expect economic activity to pick up again in 2021, but without meaningful structural changes in the carbon intensity of the US economy, emissions will likely rise again as well,"" they wrote.US climate action has stalled under President Donald Trump, but President-elect Joe Biden has promised to put climate at the center of his agenda. Biden has said that the US will rejoin the Paris Agreement on his first day in office, and promised to take a number of executive actions to combat the climate crisis. No meaningful impact on climateIt's not just the US.Global Carbon Project estimates that emissions of heat-trapping gases decreased by around 7% globally last year. That might look like a significant drop, but it won't make any meaningful difference to climate change. Carbon dioxide remains in the atmosphere for centuries, and last year's decline is little more than a blip on the graph. The concentration of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere actually surged to a new record high last year, the World Meteorological Organization said in November.Under the Paris Agreement, the vast majority of nations agreed to limit global warming to below 2 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels, and to pursue efforts to limit it to 1.5 degrees. To reach that goal, greenhouse emissions need to drop dramatically and soon. The United Nations calculated last year that to stay within the 1.5 degrees limit, emissions would need to fall by 7.6% each year from 2020 to 2030. To achieve that, the world needs to radically change the way it sources its energy.""This [emissions] decline didn't happen as a result of strong government policies or major penetration of clean energy technologies -- this decline happened mainly as result of the economic downturn [and] pandemic,"" Fatih Birol, executive director of the International Energy Agency, said at a news conference on Monday.Emissions dropped largely because the pandemic brought some of the economy's most polluting sectors to a halt. Transportation, which accounts for almost a third of all US emissions, was the biggest victim of the downturn. The Rhodium Group said that at the peak of lockdowns in April and May, demand for jet fuel had dropped 68% year on year, with gasoline down 40% and diesel 18% lower. As a result, greenhouse gas emissions from transportation plunged by 14.7% last year, compared to 2019.But there are signs the drop was just temporary. According to the US Energy Information Administration, demand for jet fuel in the US is recovering faster than in many other markets. Emissions from industrial activities were down 7% in 2020 compared to 2019, also because of the major slowdown in the economy. There is some good news too. Emissions from the US energy sector declined by 10.3% in 2020. And unlike the drops in transportation and industry, this wasn't driven by the economic collapse, but by the shift away from coal to renewable resources. About a fifth, or 20%, of US power was generated by burning coal in 2020, compared to 24% in 2019. The share of renewables rose to 18% last year from 16% in 2019.Despite the drop last year, the US remains the world's second biggest emitter after China. It is by far the biggest emitter historically, meaning that no country has put more greenhouse gases into the atmosphere than the US.Since reaching a peak in 2007, US emissions have declined by 1.3% per year, on average, according to the US Energy Information Administration."
68	5	When our peers take actions to preserve the planet, we’re more likely to follow suit. How the human instinct to conform could help us address the climate crisis.“It is worse, much worse, than you think,” reads the frightening first sentence of The Uninhabitable Earth, David Wallace-Wells’s comprehensive account of what researchers have discovered about our planet’s climate trajectory. The severity of the crisis, he goes on to note, has made some climatologists reluctant to describe its full extent, fearing that such candor might make the challenge we face seem hopeless. The concern is understandable: Previous warnings of impending peril have done little to alter either individual behavior or public policy.More than half of the carbon dioxide added to the atmosphere since the dawn of the industrial age was put there by humans after 1988, the year the climatologist James Hansen testified before Congress that a dangerous warming trend was already well under way. Worldwide, emissions continue to increase, as floods, droughts, famines, and wildfires become more frequent and more intense. This century has already been responsible for 19 of the 20 hottest years on record. According to the federal government’s 2019 Arctic Report Card, rapidly melting permafrost now threatens to create feedback loops that would release much of the 1.5 trillion metric tons of carbon it holds—roughly twice the amount already circulating in the atmosphere.Even now, there is much we could do to parry the climate threat. We could enact stiff carbon taxes and mandate an accelerated phaseout of fossil fuels. We could undertake massive investments in renewable-energy sources, launch large-scale reforestation, and alter the mix of foods we eat. We could rush to develop scalable methods of carbon capture and sequestration. Yet on all of these fronts, we are taking only minimal action. The politics around climate change remain intractable, and human nature itself seems ill-suited to the challenge: Putting off solving the problem—or hoping it will somehow just go away—is easier than confronting it. “Call me a pessimist,” Jonathan Franzen wrote in a grim and widely read New Yorker essay on the climate crisis, “but I don’t see human nature fundamentally changing anytime soon.”Having written periodically about climate issues for more than a decade, I have followed the scientific literature on the subject closely, and I understand the fatalist view that the window for an effective response is rapidly closing. But in the process, I’ve also arrived at a more hopeful perspective, one rooted in another side of human nature. Properly stoked and channeled, our instincts could help support a different trajectory.Radical change can happen swiftly. I’m happy to report that none of my four adult sons is a smoker. But if they’d grown up when I did, I suspect that at least two of them would have taken up the habit. When my own stint as a smoker began—at age 14, in 1959—many of my friends had already been smoking for several years. My parents didn’t want me to smoke, but because they were smokers themselves, their objections rang hollow. At the time, more than half of American men and almost 30 percent of American women smoked. In some circles, it was just something that most people did.Today, fewer than 15 percent of Americans smoke. Given the difficulty of quitting, few people imagined that such a precipitous reduction in smoking rates could occur so quickly. The decline was rooted in collective measures American society took to discourage the habit. States and the federal government raised taxes on tobacco products. In the ’50s, a pack of Camels could be had for as little as 25 cents in some locations—about $2.17 in today’s dollars. In many areas today, taxes have pushed that price close to $10. In New York City, a pack of cigarettes cannot be sold legally for less than $13. By the 1990s, many cities and states were banning smoking in restaurants, bars, and public buildings; some jurisdictions went so far as to prohibit the practice in outdoor public spaces as well.These measures worked, but not necessarily in the way you might think. Taxes and bans made smoking more difficult and helped some people quit, yes. But far more important, these moves kick-started a virtuous cycle. One of the strongest predictors of whether someone will become a smoker is the smoking rate among his peers. With fewer people starting to smoke, Americans had fewer smoking peers, which reduced smoking rates still further. After carefully controlling for other factors, one study estimated that if the percentage of smokers among a teen’s close friends fell by 50 percent, the probability of her becoming (or remaining) a smoker would fall by about 25 percent.Social scientists have demonstrated the influence of peer behavior in a host of other areas. One study, for example, found that when military families were posted to a new location where the obesity rate was 1 percent higher than average, adults in the families were 5 percent more likely to become obese during the course of their assignment there. Behavioral contagion—as the phenomenon is known—can exacerbate bullying, cheating on taxes, and problem drinking, among other harmful behaviors. But people also become more likely to exercise and eat prudently when those behaviors become more widespread among peers.Read: Five radical climate policies that most Americans actually likeGiven the power of contagion, it is astonishing that the question of how policy makers might harness this power has received so little serious attention. Even when smoking restrictions were enacted, for instance, it was primarily to protect nonsmokers from secondhand smoke. But the damage done by secondhand smoke pales in comparison with the harm caused by becoming a smoker—not just to the smoker himself, but also to his peers, who in turn become more likely to smoke.The behaviors that spawned the climate crisis are perhaps even more contagious than smoking, a fact that has gone largely unnoticed by economists and climatologists, who understand global warming as a consequence of greenhouse gases being costly to eliminate and dischargeable without penalty. This assessment leads naturally to pessimism, since the costs of carbon removal remain high and political opposition to robust taxation remains formidable. It also overlooks contagion’s potential power to help address this crisis.We’ve been building bigger houses, driving heavier vehicles, commuting longer distances, staging more destination weddings, and engaging in a host of other energy-intensive activities only partly because their true costs to the planet are not fully priced in. The far more important reason we’ve done these things is our tendency to behave as our peers do.The housing market provides a vivid illustration of this. Since the early 1970s, the lion’s share of national income growth has accrued to the wealthy, who used some of their gains to build ever larger houses. The near-wealthy, who travel in the same social circles, also built bigger, and so on down the income ladder. Although median incomes grew little during the past half century, the median new house grew from about 1,500 square feet in 1973 to almost 2,400 square feet today. Without invoking the power of behavioral contagion, it’s difficult to explain this change.But here is the cause for hope: Where contagion creates a problem, it can also help solve it. Just as in the case of smoking, where peer effects exacerbated and then reduced the prevalence of the practice, so too could contagion help us meet the climate challenge.Solar-panel adoption, for example, is particularly contagious. After controlling for a variety of other potentially important causal factors, one study found contagion’s power in this domain to be substantial: Each new installation in a neighborhood can, over time, lead to several additional ones. (In a follow-up study, researchers have found evidence that solar panels visible from the street exert a significantly greater peer effect than those that aren’t—further suggesting that our neighbors’ behavior affects our own.) The contagion effect in solar adoption can be seen in Google’s Project Sunroof, which displays aerial photos of neighborhoods and identifies houses with solar panels by placing red dots on their roofs. Those houses tend to be near others with red dots.Read: Google’s new product puts peer pressure to a sunny useThere’s very good reason to believe that peer effects could be similarly beneficial in other areas crucial to our climate future. Research shows that our eating habits are shaped by the habits of those around us. This effect could be harnessed to encourage people to eat healthier diets, but it could just as easily nudge people toward more environmentally sustainable ones.Consumers are also highly sensitive to contagion when choosing which car to buy. This has led Americans to choose ever bulkier SUVs. But with the right incentives, consumers could be encouraged to make a different choice. Many states already give tax breaks to buyers of electric vehicles, but that’s hardly the only way to promote change. The U.S. Department of Energy has found that when a workplace installs charging stations, its employees are 20 times as likely to choose an electric car. Practicality is surely the main reason, but the daily reminder that co-workers have gone electric could also touch off a contagion effect.I have long shared the concern of climate advocates who warn that “conscious consumption”—voluntary individual restraint in energy usage, such as buying a Tesla or avoiding plastic water bottles—is no substitute for changes in public policy. One recent study even suggested that encouraging individual energy restraint could diminish support for policies like carbon taxes—perhaps by instilling the belief that personal changes reduce the need for political action.But conscious consumption may promote progress in other ways I had not previously appreciated. Installing solar panels, adopting a more climate-friendly diet, or buying an electric vehicle is likely to spur others to take similar steps. It might also reinforce our identity as climate advocates; in many aspects of life, small first steps can lead to larger ones. As Will Durant distilled Aristotle’s wisdom about the power of habit: “We are what we repeatedly do.”Even when everyone acknowledges that a behavior causes harm, as in the smoking example, it can be hard to reach consensus on whether—and how—to respond. The difficulty may stem in part from the laudable belief that people should decide for themselves which behaviors to mimic and which to avoid. But public acknowledgment of climate change, and the risks it poses, has become more widespread among Americans. Perhaps we will be able to engineer more benign social environments with simple, targeted taxes and subsidies, calibrated to amplify contagion effects, rather than with complex, intrusive regulation.Taxation is always controversial. But unlike prohibitions and prescriptive regulation, it shows respect for individual freedom by affording flexibility to those who would find it hardest to curtail harmful activities. We didn’t outlaw smoking; we just tried to set its price closer to its full cost to society. We could take the same approach in the climate context: To diminish the American appetite for gas-guzzling vehicles, for instance, we should tax cars by fuel economy.We could also encourage climate-friendly behavior by reducing its cost. Embedded in the 2009 stimulus bill, designed to revive the American economy after the Great Recession, were generous subsidies for the renewable-energy industry. Those subsidies helped companies lower costs for consumers, which increased adoption rates, igniting a contagion process: Further adoption led to greater cost reductions, which has led to still more new customers. As the climate advocate Ramez Naam writes, “Building new solar, wind, and storage is about to be cheaper than operating existing coal and gas power plants.” Once that happens, adoption could soar.Even leaving aside taxes and subsidies, there are ways to leverage the contagion effect. Utilities, for example, have found that customers reduce their electricity usage significantly when told how their consumption compares with that of neighbors. Opower, a home-energy-management company owned by Oracle, has helped deliver these customer-comparison reports to millions of households served by utilities around the globe; it boasts that the program has helped save enough energy to power San Francisco’s homes for more than 10 years. Google Nest, the manufacturer of smart thermostats, has incorporated the approach into its product: It rewards customers who choose energy-efficient settings with green leaf icons (gold stars, essentially) in their monthly usage summaries, and compares the number of leaves earned with those of other Nest users in the area.Downplaying the severity of the climate crisis would be a grave mistake. As the consensus among climatologists affirms, the threat it poses is catastrophic. Individual choices won’t be enough to stave off the worst-case scenarios—significant public action is required, in the United States and across the globe. But as Gregg Easterbrook warned in these pages more than a decade ago, it can also be dangerous to portray the threat as insurmountable. Previous efforts to curtail smog, acid rain, and the use of ozone-depleting chlorofluorocarbons all seemed futile, Easterbrook noted, until we actually attacked those problems—at which point initiatives proved far more successful (and less painful) than all but the most optimistic reformers could have hoped.As Samuel Johnson said, “To do nothing is in every man’s power.” But we also have the power to act, and our actions have the power to shape those of people around us. We still have time to make a difference, so why choose despair?This article is adapted from Robert H. Frank’s book Under the Influence: Putting Peer Pressure to Work. Copyright © 2020 by Robert H. Frank. Published by Princeton University Press. Reprinted by permission. It appears in the March 2020 print edition with the headline “In Praise of the Herd Mentality.”We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
795	5	The massive wildfires that have been rampaging across the American west this year are not purely natural disasters. They are partly products of the unnatural disaster of climate change – “unnatural”, in that the ultimate responsibility for global warming belongs not to physics but to our economic system. Nicholas Stern, the former chief economist of the World Bank, calls climate change the “greatest and widest-ranging market failure ever seen”. Sadly, climate change is only one – albeit a whopper – of the countless market failures that degrade our lives.Though it sounds like a generic phrase, “market failure” is actually a technical term. It doesn’t refer to scams like insider trading or corporate fraud. A failure occurs when the marketplace allocates resources in a way that does not optimally deliver wellbeing. We understandably focus a lot of attention on the depredations of greedy tycoons and corporations, but many of the most consequential market failures stem from innate characteristics of our current market system.Many of us probably already have a gut feeling that our current market system often fails. In order to build a more sustainable, just and prosperous economy, however, it’s vital that we better comprehend the shortcomings deep in the market’s DNA. Greater awareness would reduce blind faith in the market and enable people to see the market for what it is: a tool. It can be an excellent tool when used for the right job, but relying on the market to deal with something like climate change is like trying to pound nails with a saw.One major inherent flaw involves communication. In an ideal version of the market, continuous indirect communication between consumers and producers leads to the best allocation of society’s resources. Consumers make their desires known by the prices they’re willing to pay, and producers convey their costs by the prices they charge.However, producers only communicate a narrow range of costs. For example, an oil company will account for typical expenses, like payments to its employees, and then set its prices accordingly. Consumers will receive those price signals and decide whether to buy that company’s gasoline. But markets enable businesses to scrub most social and environmental costs from these signals, which garbles communication with consumers. For instance, the price of gas doesn’t reflect the cost of the revved-up wildfires we suffer due to the additional global warming caused by burning that oil company’s gasoline. Numerous studies estimate that the true cost of gas is two to four times higher than what we pay at the pump.Incomplete communication misleads us consumers into buying products laden with hidden costs. Countless goods and services bear the stains of harms such as pollution, habitat destruction, floods, child labor, extinctions and disease. When we fill up at the gas station the price we are charged doesn’t tell us that our purchase increases the odds that a wildfire will burn down our community. Making such partially informed choices is like buying a house having seen only the kitchen.Another characteristic of the market that leads to failure is its inability to provide incentives for businesses to produce or protect public goods, such as fire departments or city parks. Most important, the market doesn’t generate the public goods sometimes known as “ecosystem services”, such as nutrient cycling, soil formation, oxygen creation and a livable climate. Many of these essential services operate in the background; like plumbing and wiring, they go unnoticed and unappreciated unless they fail.Take the flooding that drowned parts of coastal Louisiana and Mississippi in 2005 when Hurricane Katrina thrashed the Gulf coast. More than 1,800 people died, cherished communities disintegrated, and the price tag swelled to more than $100bn. Much of the devastation occurred because oil and gas development had decimated the coastal marshes that previously had tamed storm surges. The protection those marshes provide is an extremely valuable ecosystem service, yet no entrepreneurs hustle to produce that protection.And why would they? The market doesn’t give private businesses a profit motive to produce public goods. For example, even if a company were to restore a marsh, they wouldn’t be able to sell that service because they couldn’t exclude anyone living on that coast from using that protection for free.Private restoration companies exist, of course, and some make a profit by rehabilitating marshes. But market forces didn’t spawn these outfits. At some point somebody recognized the value of the marshes and made a conscious choice to try to preserve or restore them. Most likely a number of somebodies made that choice and pressed their government to hire a restoration company. More broadly, environmental and social projects happen when a great many somebodies vote for candidates who support such efforts. Such purposeful collective action is the overarching solution to market failures. Instead of passively counting on supply and demand to provide everything we need, we sometimes need to exert our judgment.And there it is, the J-word: “judgment”. Free-enterprise disciples view most efforts to use our collective judgment to shape the economy as central planning that will foul the gears of the market. But banishing judgment about how to allocate our resources will result in a world with plenty of video game consoles and fashionable shoes and precious little biodiversity and climate stability – and, all too soon, biological poverty and climate chaos will also cripple the economy of stuff, and video game consoles and shoes will become scarce, as well.Citizens who scorn judgment should note that we’ve exercised some collective judgment to help guide the economy since the advent of government. The problem is that we’re not exercising it enough. In recent decades we’ve gotten out of balance and are leaning too far toward an unrestrained market even when it’s the wrong tool for the job.Consider your toaster. It’s loaded with hidden costs that the market doesn’t communicate and that individual consumers can’t be expected to discover. But government (well, good government that pays attention to science) has the expertise to evaluate your toaster. If we citizens decide that we want to address climate change and air pollution, then government can do our bidding by devising energy efficiency standards for our appliances.In fact, they did, decades ago. According to the American Council for an Energy-Efficient Economy, those regulations have saved more than $1tn to date and have reduced greenhouse gas emissions by the equivalent of the annual emissions of 800m cars. And we don’t even know the standards are there – hardly the heavy hand of government that haunts free-marketeers’ fever dreams.So let’s use our judgment to create an economy that better aligns with our values. Instead of surrendering our autonomy to the soulless mechanics of the market, we can freely choose to grow beyond being mere consumers and become forceful citizens.Robert S Devine is the author of Bush Versus the Environment and The Sustainable Economy: The Hidden Costs of Climate Change and the Path to a Prosperous Future
453	0	OPINION: Tom comes into the kitchen where Marg is at the table sorting the post. Tom: “Did my Austin Healey arrive today?” Marg: “A car? You’ve bought a car?” Tom: “No, it’s a miniature replica. It should have arrived by now. I ordered it more than a month ago”. READ MORE: * Tom and Marg: B Corps putting people and planet into bottom line * Why do we follow directions for Covid-19, but bristle at climate action? * The grapes of greenhouse wrath * Talkin' bout a restitution for household carbon emissions   Marg: “Oh, you mean a toy car. No, nothing came…”  Tom: “IT’S NOT A TOY! IT IS A COLLECTABLE!” Marg: “Oh, sorry. So, where is it coming from?” Tom: “It should be coming from the States. They said it would be here in two to three weeks. I’ve got the display cabinet all ready.” Marg: “Well, you know shipping is all messed up at the moment due to Covid.” Tom: “Bloody pandemic. First it’s lockdowns and now shipping delays and prices going up. It is all a big mess!” Marg: “Well, don’t count on it getting better any time soon.” Tom: “Why is that? Things should go back to normal once the world gets vaccinated and borders open up again.” Marg: “Things will probably get worse in the years ahead. I’ve just been reading about the likely impacts of climate change on shipping. Stormier seas will make shipping more hazardous. Sea level rise will increase damage to ports during storms. Floods will damage factories and roads.” Tom: “But we’ve always had storms. How bad can it get?” Marg: “According to the experts, pretty bad. Add to that droughts and heat waves causing crop failures.  Google Assistant: “The heat wave in the western US last summer all but destroyed the berry crop in Oregon and Washington.” Tom: “THANK YOU FOR BUTTING IN, GOOGLE! But Marg, that’s just food. Other things will still be produced.” Marg: “Yes, but it will be hard to focus on those other things when people don’t have enough food to eat. Who is going to load the ships?” Tom: “OK, so there will be more disruptions due to storms and crop failures. I can see where they could have an effect.” Marg: “Add to that the growing tensions between the US, Australia and China. We could easily get caught up in a trade war. The Foreign Minister has already warned us about this. Have you noticed how much of our stuff comes from China? Your toy car was probably made in China and shipped...” Tom: “MARG, IT IS NOT A TOY! I’VE TOLD YOU – IT IS A COLLECTABLE AND THEY ARE QUITE VALUABLE!” Marg: “OK, sorry, calm down. It’s a collectable and I’m sure it is quite valuable.” Tom: “OK, so we’ve got storms, crop failures and trade wars. What else could go wrong?” Marg: “Well, then there is the question of just what kind of energy is going to power cargo ships. Ships today run on oil but the world is trying to eliminate fossil fuel. What are the cargo ships of tomorrow going to run on? Wind? Batteries? Batteries might work for short trips but not for crossing the oceans.” Tom: “What about hydrogen or biofuels? There’s lots of research going on. Everyone at work says they are the fuels of the future.” Marg: “I wouldn’t get your hopes up. We were all supposed to have flying cars by now, if you read the old science magazines.”  Google Assistant chimes in: “Green hydrogen, made by splitting water into hydrogen and oxygen using electricity is inefficient and still relatively expensive. You get only about a quarter of energy used to make and transport green hydrogen back when you use it.”  Marg: “And Tom, biofuels are also a worry. How much of South East Asia do we want to turn into palm oil plantations to make bio-diesel? How much of New Zealand farm land do we want to convert from food production to fuel production? Food is surely more important than fuel!” Tom: “OK. So, you are saying my budding miniature car collection is doomed. Thanks, darling. You’ve ruined my day.” Marg: “Oh, I’m sorry sweetheart! Maybe we can find someone here who makes miniature car ‘collectables’. You know, with all these problems with international shipping on the horizon, we need to start making things here in New Zealand again. And we should be supporting our businesses by buying local.”  “Let’s check the internet.”  “HEY GOOGLE, ARE THERE ANY NEW ZEALAND COMPANIES MAKING TOY CARS?” Tom: “MARG! IT IS NOT A TOY!” Tom Powell is from Climate Karanga Marlborough. If you have any questions about climate change and global warming, feel free to visit and ask at Climate Karanga Marlborough’s website (www.climatekaranga.org.nz) or Facebook page. They would be happy to answer them.
231	3	"Unfortunately, Tropical Storm Barry, like Hurricane Florence last year and Harvey the year before, looks like it will once again provide us with an example of what the climate crisis is doing to storms right now, with heavy rainfall from slow moving storms leading to devastating floods. Forecast projections for Barry show rainfall totals up to 20 inches could fall over portions of Louisiana.Barry hasn't hit yet, but it's getting stronger as it creeps across the Gulf of Mexico's warm waters en route to a landfall expected early Saturday in Louisiana.While it could reach hurricane strength, the real peril it poses to roughly 10 million people in its path is rain, which could quickly trigger unprecedented flooding.Ten to 15 more inches of rain are on the way, threatening to inundate ground already soaked from a Wednesday storm that flooded some New Orleans homes and businesses.Another risk looms in the Mississippi River. Usually at 6 to 8 feet this time of year around the Big Easy, the river is at 16 feet after a year of record flooding, and Barry could push in a storm surge of 2 to 3 feet.Conditions are ripe for extreme weather eventsThe planet has warmed significantly over the past several decades, causing changes in the environment in which extreme weather events are occurring.  Some are small and inconsequential, and some -- such as increased wind shear that tears apart hurricanes, could actually be beneficial. But there can be destructive consequences.  One of the impacts that scientists are most certain of is increased rainfall amounts and rainfall intensity -- a result of warmer than normal ocean temperatures that create a warmer and more moist environment for the storm.Kevin Trenberth, a senior scientist at the National Center for Atmospheric Research, said that climate change leads to these warmer and wetter environments and sets the stage for what can be the storms' biggest threat: heavy rainfall and flash flooding.We saw it in Florence and Harvey and it appears we may see it again with Barry. Sea surface temperatures in the northern Gulf of Mexico, where Barry formed and is currently strengthening, are around 87-90 degrees Fahrenheit (30-32 degrees Celsius). These temperatures are about 2-4 degrees Fahrenheit (about 1-2.5 degrees Celsius) above average for July. Warmer planet, warmer oceanHuman-caused greenhouse gases in the atmosphere create an energy imbalance, with more than 90% of remaining heat trapped by the gases going into the oceans, according to the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Association. Ocean heat content, a measure of the amount of heat stored in the upper levels of the ocean, is a key indicator of global warming.Last year was the hottest on record for the Earth's oceans, with a record high for global heat content in the upper 2,000 meters of the oceans, which broke the record from the year before. ""The heat fuels storms of all sorts and contributes to very heavy rain events and flooding,"" Trenberth said.  ""The observed increases of upper (ocean heat content) support higher sea surface temperatures and atmospheric moisture, and fuel tropical storms to become more intense, bigger and longer-lasting, thereby increasing their potential for damage."" Warmer oceans mean more moisture is available in a warmer atmosphere.""It's one of the simplest relationships in all of meteorology,"" said Michael Mann, professor of atmospheric science and director of the Earth System Science Center at Pennsylvania State University. For every 1 degree Celsius (1.8 degree Fahrenheit), there is 7% more moisture in the air. Ocean temperatures around Florence trended 1.5 degrees C (2.7 degrees F) warmer than normal, contributing to about 10% more moisture available in the atmosphere.This certainly helped make Florence the wettest tropical system to strike the US East Coast, dumping almost 3 feet of rain on parts of North Carolina.  Higher sea levels, higher surgeFlorence brought the tides to record levels in portions of North Carolina last September despite having weakened to a Category 1 storm, with peak winds of 90 mph.  The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's tide gauge at Wrightsville Beach, North Carolina, surged more than 4 feet above the normal high as the storm was making landfall, breaking a record set by Hurricane Joaquin in 2015 by more than a foot. Flooding in Beaufort and Wilmington, North Carolina, also topped high-water marks that go back decades.Several factors combined to make Florence such a prolific coastal flood threat. Its large size, slow movement and previous Category 4 intensity all helped pile up a huge amount of water.  But those characteristics are mainly a product of the day-to-day weather patterns around Florence and are somewhat random -- a roll of the weather dice, if you will.One important threat enhancer is that ocean levels along the East Coast have risen by nearly a foot in the past century, thanks primarily to global ocean warming.  The added height of the ocean is a reality faced every day by coastal residents, even when storms are not present, such as with sunny-day floods in Miami and the Outer Banks of North Carolina.But when a storm such as Florence or Barry comes ashore, the destruction is even worse than it would have been decades ago -- one reason why Category 1 hurricanes such as Matthew and Florence produced higher water levels on the North Carolina coast than did 1954's Hurricane Hazel, a Category 3 storm when it made landfall in the same region.  Florence, Harvey and now Barry should not be treated as an example of what human-fueled global warming could bring us at some point in the future. They are unfortunate examples of what global warming, caused by ever-increasing greenhouse gas emissions, is doing to storms in the present day. Better coastal infrastructure and flood defenses, along with an immediate reduction in greenhouse emissions, can help minimize the future threat.  President Donald Trump got a close-up view of the damage when he toured the hardest-hit areas of the Carolinas last year, just as he did in Houston with Hurricane Harvey in 2017. The visit once again provided the President with evidence that climate change is already affecting the country."
616	4	"The Last Chance Saloon: Xie Zhenhua, John Kerry, Greta Thunberg, James Shaw and Scott Morrison at COP26 in Glasgow. Illustration / Rod EmmersonSenior Writer, NZ Herald         There will be shock troops. They'll come from all over Europe, including Milan, where Greta Thunberg and the activists from Fridays for Future hosted their own Youth4Climate conference last month, and Stockholm, where Thunberg has         been dancing to Rick Astley's Never Gonna Give You Up onstage.        Rickrolling aside, they're angry.Thousands more will come from Extinction Rebellion (XR), the group dedicated to non-violent disobedience and disruption. ""We don't do hate,"" says XR supporter and Guardian columnist George Monbiot. ""We do anger. We do love.""The shock troops will also include the British royal family. Queen Elizabeth, late-blooming activist: ""Extraordinary, isn't it,"" she said the other day. ""I've been hearing all about COP. It's really irritating when they talk, but they don't do.""Prince William and Kate, sponsors of the biggest green prize in the world, the Earthshot Prize, will be there.""We need some of the world's greatest brains and minds fixed on trying to repair this planet, not trying to find the next place to go and live,"" said William last week. Earthshot, not moonshot, geddit?Prince Charles and Camilla are going too: ""This is a last-chance saloon,"" he says. ""Literally. Because if we don't really take the decisions that are vital now it's going to be impossible to catch up.""Also at Glasgow: well-organised shock troops from a host of small countries, including our Pacific neighbours.Working with Barack Obama, they won a remarkable victory at the Paris COP conference in 2015. The target was going to be a limit on warming of 2C above pre-industrial levels. But as Ralph Regenvanu from Vanuatu says, ""It was the personal presence of Pacific leaders that really made a change and brought us to the 1.5 degree figure that we have now in the agreement.""Half a degree doesn't sound like much, but on low-lying atolls and coastal regions everywhere it could be the difference between survival or being drowned.Six years after Paris, though, the world has not risen to the challenge: we're still on track to overshoot. And unfortunately, because of Covid, about a third of the Pacific nations delegates may not get to Glasgow at all.Glasgow will also host 25,000 other people, 125 world leaders and two dreams. One is to stop global warming. The other is to stop global warming while preserving as much as possible of our existing way of living on this planet. Those two dreams are often but not always in conflict.President Joe Biden will be there, attempting to justify America's claim to world leadership. Scott Morrison, the Australian PM, has also agreed to go. He won't have much: his Government remains committed to a low 26-28 per cent emissions reduction goal for 2030 and cannot agree on getting to net zero by 2050.Net zero by 2050 is the bare minimum committed to in Paris. Halving emissions by 2030 is the much more important goal right now. For developed countries, it should be more.Vladimir Putin of Russia has declined the invitation to attend. Narendra Modi of India is still to reveal his plans, likewise Mohammed bin Salman of Saudi Arabia and Jair Bolsonaro of Brazil.No one wants to be the conference villain, perhaps, but their countries are all big emitters and their absence from the conference will leave a big hole.The biggest hole of all, if he doesn't show, will be created by China's President Xi Jinping.Xi hasn't travelled overseas since before the Covid crisis struck and observers doubt the Glasgow conference will tempt him to break that habit.Still, people are hoping. ""Without China at the table, there is no pathway to 1.5,"" said a developing country negotiator recently.China will be at the table anyway. Its special climate envoy Xie Zhenhua is a veteran of climate talks and he'll be there, and Vice-Premier Han Zheng may turn up too. Xie has been meeting frequently with Biden's own special climate envoy, John Kerry.There are some reasons for optimism. Two years ago, just 30 per cent of the global economy had net zero commitments: now it's 70 per cent. The science these days is more clearly expressed and far more widely understood.Even when countries have dithered, hundreds of cities have adopted strong emissions-reductions programmes. Many corporates are not waiting for governments either (although others are doing little more than greenwashing their profiles).Things are different: new technologies, new economic opportunities and swings in popular opinion have done that. And more weather: this year's rampaging floods in Europe and the heat dome over northwest America have changed the entire conversation. Urgency has arrived.Britain, the host, really, really wants Glasgow to be a success. Boris Johnson has every intention of seizing the moment and he'll need something of substance to do it with.Conference president Alok Sharma, a tireless diplomat, was in Milan to witness the anger of Thunberg and others. ""What we were hearing shamed this set of world leaders,"" he said afterwards.""There is no doubt that young people around the world are going to hold this set of world leaders to account if, at COP26, we are not able to credibly say that we have kept 1.5C within reach.""Keeping the goal within reach: that's the benchmark by which this conference should be judged.The thing is, because of the way cumulative greenhouse gases work in the atmosphere, if it's not done by 2030 it may be too late to do it at all.John Kerry says, ""There is not a wall that comes down after Glasgow. It is the starting line for the rest of the decade.""We'll get a hint of how well Glasgow will go before it even starts. Next weekend, directly ahead of COP, the G20 meets in Rome. That's the 19 largest economies in the world plus the European Union, collectively accounting for 80 per cent of all greenhouse gas emissions.There's a busy agenda, with Afghanistan, Covid, supply chains and the emerging energy crisis, but climate is on it. The G20 is where at least some of the leaders will scrub themselves up for an impressive arrival in Scotland. Biden's going to meet the Pope.Ahead of G20, the diplomats are busy. This weekend the European Commission Vice-President, Frans Timmermans, visits India and Indonesia to talk climate. Kerry has been meeting Russia, Saudi Arabia and Mexico as well as China.He said last week he was now convinced world leaders were ""sharpening their pencils"" to write new commitments.As for Britain, while Johnson wants to be a global leader on climate action, he's having a little trouble getting his ducks in a row.Britain's goals are to reduce emissions by 78 per cent by 2035, well in excess of most other countries, and reach net zero by 2050. Business Secretary Kashi Kwarteng's new Net Zero Strategy includes a massive expansion of offshore wind generation, which would also put it among world leaders.But his colleague Rishi Sunak, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, is refusing to fund the plan. He's opposed to any new spending on climate action.Kwarteng expected Johnson to back him, but the PM took himself off for a holiday on the Costa del Sol in Spain instead. That prompted former British Labour leader Ed Miliband to suggest Johnson should ""get off the sun lounger and start being a statesman"".In fact, even Kwarteng is an inconsistent greenie. He wants electricity generation decarbonised by 2035, but he also wants to license new oil and gas in the North Sea.Britain goes into the conference with a supply-chain crisis and empty supermarket shelves, petrol shortages and soaring energy bills, a bitter dispute with France over Aukus submarines, rising Covid deaths and a climate-strategy war inside the Cabinet. British energy policies are so dysfunctional, 16 energy supply companies have gone bust this year.Johnson may want Glasgow to be his Churchillian finest hour, climate-wise, but he'll be sorely tested.Think of them as Mum and Dad: many of the COP veterans do, apparently.John Kerry and Xie Zhenhua, the special climate envoys of the US and China, have been eyeballing each other across the table for years now. They're said to get on well and were both key players at the Paris talks. They've been talking a lot.Their bosses have also been talking. Joe Biden and Xi Jinping had a long phone call recently, after which, in relation to the climate, Biden declared, ""There was a very clear commitment to work with the US to achieve our goals. We are very hopeful.""China is now the world's largest emitter, with the US second, although the US is still the largest cumulative emitter. If nothing changes, China will assume that dubious mantle by the middle of the century.But that's not the reason they're Mum and Dad: they're also proxies for the developed and developing world. They have, shall we say, soft power over many. And no, it's not obvious which one is Mum.Even if Xi shows up in Glasgow, the hard work will be down to Kerry and Xie. What these two men achieve could determine the success or failure of the whole conference.Unfortunately, both of them are compromised by a climate policy crisis at home.China's net zero target date is 2060, which is too late, and it says its carbon emissions will not peak until 2030. They're still building coal-fired power plants.And right now they're suffering an energy crisis so severe it's caused rolling blackouts and thrown climate planning into disarray.Energy companies have been ordered to secure supplies for the coming winter ""at all costs"" and Premier Li Keqiang has made it clear this will affect climate pledges.Meanwhile, Shanxi province, China's biggest coal region, has closed 27 mines because of flooding.Kevin Rudd, a China expert and former Australian Prime Minister, cautiously defended China's climate commitments this week. ""They really do get the science,"" he said. ""They understand that climate change is an existential threat to the planet and to themselves. It threatens their own rise to great power status.""Rudd believes that inside the Chinese Government there is ""a very intense debate between the energy-security bureaucracy and the climate-change bureaucracy. The energy crisis  is making that debate even more acute.""On a brighter note, China has stopped funding new coal-fired plants in other parts of the world. This means a new focus on renewables for many Belt and Road projects and has been widely welcomed.As for America, Joe Biden's plans were dealt a bitter blow this week: he couldn't get his US$3.5 trillion budget with its key climate-related spending through the Senate.Biden's 2030 goals include transitioning to 80 per cent renewables with a 50 per cent cut in all emissions. But all 50 Republican senators say no and Democrat Joe Manchin from the coal and gas state of West Virginia has joined them.The main casualty is the budget's Clean Energy Performance Plan, which would have sped up the transition to renewables, with fines for power companies that don't meet clean energy benchmarks and grants for those that do.You may think that's the essential formula to help depressed states with dying industries build a new economic foundation. A model for Glasgow, perhaps.But no. Manchin says he favours ""carbon capture"" instead, although the technology has proved far less successful than expected.White House spokeswoman Jen Psaki has put on a brave face. ""No one policy, in our view, makes or breaks our chances,"" she said on Tuesday, and the administration has ""multiple pathways"" to meet Biden's goals.The Democrat progressives are furious and say they will not support a budget that's too weak on climate. Congress has given itself until October 31, the day COP26 begins, to get the deal done.After the Trump years, Biden will be met with goodwill in Glasgow but also with blunt expectations. ""The US is still woefully short of what it owes and this needs to be increased urgently,"" says Mohamed Adow, director of the advocacy group Power Shift Africa.Greta Thunberg warned in Milan about leaders spouting blah blah blah. Biden wants to be much better than that, but it's not yet clear how he can.Here's something else to mess it all up. Someone has been betting the price of oil will soon rise to US$200 a barrel: it's about US$85 now. This wasn't going to be a big issue in Glasgow, but suddenly the world has an energy crisis.The International Energy Agency (IEA) blames Covid, post-lockdown. ""An acute shortage of natural gas, LNG and coal supplies stemming from the gathering global economic recovery"", it says, has led to ""precipitous"" price rises and ""a massive switch to oil products"".That's bad because while gas is bad, oil and coal are much worse.Wholesale power prices in Europe have risen more than 200 per cent this year and some EU countries now want to rethink the union's net zero goals. The IEA warns that this could ""derail the whole COP process"".Russia, which supplies 41 per cent of EU gas, is in the spotlight. Its state monopoly supplier Gazprom is accused of ""deliberate market manipulation"": raising prices to speed up EU regulatory approval of its new Nord Stream 2 pipeline.Vladimir Putin denies it: ""This is just politically motivated chatter, which has no basis whatsoever,"" he told an energy conference in Moscow last week.The Fossil Fuel Treaty organisation estimates that between now and 2030, the world is on track to burn 57 per cent more oil and 71 per cent more gas than is consistent with the 1.5C target.Kadri Simson, the European commissioner for energy, says the current crisis is good evidence that needs to stop.""We are not facing an energy price surge because of our climate policy or because renewables are expensive,"" she says. ""We are facing it because fossil fuel prices are spiking. We do not yet have green affordable energy for everyone. We need to speed up the green transition, not slow it down.""This will be an abiding theme at Glasgow. Has Covid given us the chance to ""build back better"", as Johnson likes to say, or has it made everything just too hard?COP26 president Alok Sharma wants Glasgow to ""consign coal to history"". But India has begun importing coal to cover its own shortages and says the world will be burning coal for decades. And exporters like Australia and Indonesia have no serious plans to close down their lucrative industries.Just overnight, Australia, Indonesia and Japan were outed by Greenpeace and the Guardian for trying to pressure the UN climate  report writers to soften the message about carbon.Australia even argues that because its coal is ""cleaner"", it's part of the solution. But coal is coal. It's a carbon-emissions fossil fuel.Why are 25,000 people heading for Glasgow? Because there are 25,000 conversations to be had. More or less. Here are the hottest backroom topics they'll be wrangling over.Methane In the northern autumn of 2019, European Space Agency satellites recorded something unexpected. Huge invisible plumes of methane were leaking from a Siberian gas pipeline.Since then, the same thing has been discovered with pipes and storage tanks for oil and gas all around the world.Methane is suddenly important, although not because of the belching of cows – biogenic methane – that so exercises climate debaters in this country.The gas is 80 times more potent than carbon dioxide, in the short term, and those leaks mean it has been contributing to global warming far more than everyone thought. In Texas, methane leaks are so common they entirely negate the gains made by switching from coal to gas in the first place.There's good news in this. The leakage isn't useful, so there are no vested interests trying to keep it happening. The problem is fixable. And because methane lasts in the atmosphere for only about 20 years, unlike long-life carbon dioxide, stopping the leaks should lower the amount of greenhouse gas quite quickly.More than 20 countries have already pledged to cut methane and at Glasgow, the engineers will be trying to agree how to do it.Hopes are high: stand by for a ""big breakthrough"".But there's a downside too. This methane focus turns attention away from biogenic methane, at a time when the world really needs to confront the problems of agricultural emissions.It also distracts from the central problem of carbon emissions. Fixing leaks allows the fossil fuel industry to look progressive while buying it more time to keep on keeping on.Carbon trading It seemed like a good idea at the time: the Kyoto Protocol on climate in 1997 decided that the market could drive emissions reductions, by allowing countries that found it hard to reduce their own could buy credits from others.In Paris they enshrined the principle under Article 6 of the Accord: ""cross border trading"" would continue and the individual ""parties"" would decide how to do it.The diplomatic phrase is ""constructive ambiguity"": everyone can say how it works for them.It's worked very well for countries like Russia, Ukraine, Brazil and Saudi Arabia, which have been able to ""constructively"" avoid genuine emissions reductions.At Glasgow, they'll be trying to revise Article 6 so it passes the sniff test, with a standard set of rules, no double counting and environmental integrity.Hopes are mixed.The commitments Everyone signed up to the same goals at Paris, but each country was allowed to decide how to get there with its own ""nationally determined contribution"" (NDC).NDCs have allowed a lot of backsliding: according to the UN, current commitments will produce a 16 per cent rise in carbon emissions by 2030, not the 50 per cent cut required, and agreed on, to keep warming within the 1.5C limit.But that's diplomacy: agreement to have NDCs is what got the Paris Accord signed. Every step leads to the next one.Countries also agreed to update their NDCs for COP26, and fully 83 plus the EU, so far, have even done it. New Zealand is not yet among them.Expect a flurry of further announcements this coming week and in the opening days at Glasgow.The conference will try to add more transparency and some ""common timeframes"" to the process.The money Beyond all of that, delegates will confront the biggest question of all: Where's the money?Developed countries are supposed to provide US$100 billion a year to help developing countries transition to modern green economies. But even in the best year so far, 2019, only $80 billion was provided.Oxfam estimates that in the years 2020-2025 the global shortfall on that US$100 billion a year will amount to US$75 billion.Helen Clark's successor at the UN Development Programme, Brazilian environmentalist Achim Steiner, is appalled.""Isn't it ridiculous,"" he says, ""that in the midst of a trillion-dollar emergency response economy that we're seeing right now, we are haggling over a $20 billion price tag? Time is running out, and we can't find a way in which we can finance this? It's just not acceptable.""In addition to development aid, delegates from the Pacific and elsewhere will advocate for ""loss and damage"" compensation.Are we close to the tipping point? Is Prince Charles right to call Glasgow ""a last-chance saloon""?Or are we poised between two tipping points, each facing in a different direction?The first is the point at which climate change tips into runaway catastrophe. It could have many causes, including shifts in the monsoons of India and West Africa, the collapse of ice sheets in Greenland and Antarctica, the melting of Arctic permafrost and Amazon rainforest dieback.The weather has been extremely volatile this year, and that's a signal not to be ignored. The floods in Germany, because they were so unexpected, were particularly shocking.But perhaps this will lead, instead, to the other tipping point. The one where the world recognises the danger and agrees to do enough to stop runaway change.Change for the better can happen fast. In Norway, it took just five years for the vehicle fleet to transition from 20 per cent EVs to 87 per cent. In New Zealand, we're at that 20 per cent mark now, according to new car sales last month.EVs will not save the world, but they're an important part of the solution and the vehicle industry is about to flood the world with them.Adair Turner, chair of the Energy Transitions Commission, a global coalition, says this: ""The 1.5-degree threshold is absolutely technologically possible at costs which the global economy could easily absorb.""All we have to do is do it. Inside the next 10 years, because after then it could be too late to pull things back.They won't get us there in Glasgow. That's too much to ask.But remember what John Kerry said? Glasgow is the ""starting line for the rest of the decade"".Keeping the goal within reach. So that's what the brave Glasgow 25,000 must do: establish a process that's science-based, politically appealing and binding. So that, over the next few years, all countries can adopt new commitments, new economic agreements and new technologies to get the job done. In time.It's not too much to ask. And those shock troops massing at the Glasgow conference gates, they'll be expecting it too."
53	3	"Texas Board of Education member David Bradley wants to set the record straight on global warming.""Whether global warming is a myth or whether it's actually happening, that's very much up for debate,"" Bradley said. ""Don't listen to anyone who tells you otherwise.""Bradley is not a climate scientist, but he's about to make big decisions governing what Texas students learn about climate change.In November, Bradley and the rest of the state's 15-member board will vote to adopt new social-studies textbooks for public schools from kindergarten to 12th grade. When he does, he says that part of his mission will be to shield Lone Star schoolchildren from radical green rhetoric.Instead, Bradley plans to push for textbooks that teach climate-science doubt—presenting the link between greenhouse gas emissions caused by human activity and global warming as an unsubstantiated and controversial theory.For people who do study the climate for a living, that mission is infuriating as it misrepresents the state of climate science: Surveys of peer-reviewed academic studies show that 97 percent of climate scientists agree that human activity is the primary driver of global warming. That's not universal agreement, but it's a far cry from the ""some-say-yes-some-say-no"" treatment of the topic that Bradley hopes to see in Texas classrooms.When it comes time to review the textbooks, however, Bradley will have plenty of instructional materials created by some of the publishing industry's major players to back his viewpoint.Here's how McGraw-Hill—the second-largest publisher of educational materials and a mainstay of the Texas public-school system—describes climate change in a proposed textbook for sixth graders.Scientists agree that Earth's climate is changing. They do not agree on what is causing the change. Is it just another natural warming cycle like so many cycles that have occurred in the past? Scientists who support this position cite thousands of years' worth of natural climatic change as evidence. Or is climate change anthropogenic—caused by human activity? Scientists who support this position cite the warming effect of rapidly increasing amounts of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere. Greenhouse gases occur naturally, but they also result from the burning of fossil fuels. Which side's evidence is more convincing?A fifth-grade social studies textbook submitted by Pearson—the largest educational publisher in the world—similarly casts doubt on the science.Burning oil to run cars also releases carbon dioxide into the atmosphere. Some scientists believe that this carbon dioxide could lead to a slow heating of Earth's overall climate. This temperature change is known as global warming or climate change. Scientists disagree about what is causing climate change. The Texas Freedom Network, a left-leaning education watchdog, says this fits a disturbing pattern of textbook companies peddling climate denial to Texas students. The watchdog group commissioned an independent review of the textbooks by the National Center for Science Education. Out of 19 textbooks surveyed, at least seven—including several from high-profile publishers that have gotten approval from the Board of Education in the past—distort scientific fact, the study found.""It's really an insult to science,"" said Minda Berbeco, the National Center for Science Education's programs and policy director. ""The old line was that global warming didn't exist. Now we're starting to see more people say it exists but human activity isn't responsible. That's just denial by another name.""The skirmish over Texas textbooks is part of a national battle over climate education.Science-education activists are pushing states to adopt a new set of science standards that reflect the scientific consensus on global warming, rather than the popular controversy. The academic framework, known as the Next Generation Science Standards, has been endorsed by organizations such as the National Science Teachers Association and the American Meteorological Society.But the standards have faced intense pushback from conservatives and tea-party groups in a number of states. Earlier this year, Wyoming legislators blocked the standards due to the climate-change requirement. South Carolina's Legislature also passed a bill that would prohibit the standards from being adopted.The Texas textbooks currently under review are not strictly focused on science, but climate change has cropped up as part of lessons on geography, economics, and American government. The books were written to conform to social-studies standards set by the state board in 2010, a set of guidelines that Bradley helped write.What happens next? The Texas education commissioner, a former chairman of the agency that oversees the state's oil and gas industry, will tell the board which textbooks he believes should be approved. In November, the board is expected to take an up-or-down vote on the recommended textbooks. After that, school districts receive a list of approved textbooks. Teachers are not required to purchase any particular instructional material, but schools have to show compliance with state education standards. And buying textbooks that have been approved by the board is a quick and easy way to show compliance. Most public school districts use textbooks from the state-approved list, according to records from the Texas Education Agency. If flawed science finds its way into the classroom, it could become firmly rooted in the minds of the state's citizenry, said Dan Quinn, a spokesperson for the Texas Freedom Network: ""If kids don't learn the facts about climate change, they're going to grow up to become uneducated citizens and voters.""Education activists also worry that if the textbooks containing climate-change doubt win approval, they could wind up in classrooms across the country. Texas is the second-largest market in the U.S. for textbooks after California. Publishers consider making it onto the approved list in the Lone Star State a major prize, and they often resell textbooks designed to meet Texas standards in other states.Bradley, however, is not concerned. ""These groups are always complaining. Now they're unhappy because the textbooks are taking a softened approach towards claims of global warming,"" he said. ""There's been a lot of radical advocacy about that in the past, but I think we're starting to move away from that, and that's not a bad thing. It's not all doom and gloom."""
246	4	2015 has been a big year for climate change. The year has witnessed dizzying highs and stunning lows, from the hottest January on record, to March, when global carbon dioxide levels hit a million-year high, to December, when nearly 200 nations signed an agreement to minimize global warming. Here are seven stories that give a good snapshot of the political, economic and scientific milestones that changed the way we view – and the way we deal with – global warming.The United Nations Environment Programme has said that carbon emissions must be zero by 2070 to avert climate disasters. In December, after two decades of fraught climate talks, representatives from nearly 200 nations reached a historic milestone on the way to that goal. The Paris agreement, which signals a shift from fossil fuels to renewable energy sources, will hold governments accountable for hitting their greenhouse gas emissions targets. It has been lauded for its long term goal to achieve net-zero emissions in the second half of the century, and political leaders hailed the deal as a “major leap for mankind”.Pope Francis delivered a bracing speech on climate change during a White House speech in September, calling it “a problem which can no longer be left to a future generation”. The speech followed Praise Be to You, a 184-page encyclical that the Pope released in June, in which he urged rich nations to take the lead in fighting climate change. It describes climate change as a “global problem with grave implications: environmental, social, economic, political and for the distribution of goods”.The Pope’s words appear to have already swayed some of the millions of Americans who are still skeptical about the impact of climate change. A recent study found that, in the past six months, a growing number of Americans – especially American Catholics – have come to believe that climate change is happening and are worried about its effects. Barack Obama rejected the Keystone XL oil pipeline after a seven-year review, saying its construction would have undermined America’s position as a global leader in fighting against climate change. The 1,1179–mile pipeline would have carried crude oil from tar sands in Canada to the Gulf Coast. Obama is the first world leader to reject an infrastructure project because of climate change. “America is now a global leader when it comes to taking serious action to fight climate change,” Obama said. “And, frankly, approving this project would have undercut that global leadership.”Each month of 2015 has so far been the hottest on record, putting this year on track to be the warmest since records first started being gathered, 130 years ago. Scientists have pointed out that the three warmest years – 2015, 2014 and 2010 – in recorded history have all occurred in this century. This, they say, demonstrates that global warming is getting worse and that actions need to be taken.In the first ruling of its kind, the Hague has ordered the Dutch government to cut its carbon emissions by 25% within the next five years. The landmark decision came after 886 Dutch citizens sued the government for not taking enough action to reduce emissions. Lawyers say that the ruling could have ripple effects around the world. Citizens in Belgium are already preparing a similar case, and another suit may follow in Norway. James Thornton, chief executive of environmental law organization ClientEarth, told the Guardian that: “A major sophisticated European court has broken through a political and psychological threshold. For the first time a court has ordered the government to protect its citizens from climate change.”Concentrations of carbon dioxide hit a new global average record in March, reaching levels unseen for over 1m years. UN experts said the Earth’s climate would enter a “new permanent reality” next year as a result, and that its denizens will likely experience hotter temperatures, extreme weather events like droughts and floods, and rising sea levels and acidity in the oceans. The finding underscored the urgent need for leaders at the Paris climate talks to reach a global agreement to cut greenhouse gas emissions. In this Guardian interactive feature, reporter John Vidal traveled down Southeast Asia’s Mekong river, meeting the people who depend on the 2,500-mile river for their livelihoods and struggle to deal with the effects of climate change. The piece puts a face to alarming statistics and demonstrates that climate change isn’t something that will emerge in the future – it’s already happening.
913	4	After Cyclone Idai battered southern Malawi last year, the hotline Weston Msowoya manages was flooded with calls. They were reporting cases of young girls being married off in the tented camps hastily established by the United Nations Refugee Agency and other aid groups to house some 94,000 people displaced by one of the deadliest storms to ever hit the southern hemisphere.By the time it had subsided, more than 1,000 people in three countries were dead. Some 1.85 million people needed support in Mozambique alone – from housing to food to healthcare, particularly in the port city of Beira, a staggering 90 percent of which had been destroyed. In Malawi, Msowoya was watching another tragedy unfold: he recorded 74 child marriages just in the camps he was able to reach (others were blocked because swathes of the country were under water).It was double the number of underage brides he normally saw as executive director of the Centre for Community and Youth Development, a nonprofit in the capital, Lilongwe that monitors child marriage through community outreach activities that include a hotline advertised through word-of-mouth, pamphlets, and door-to-door visits. While marriage before age 18 was outlawed in Malawi last year, nearly 50 percent of girls in the country wed earlier.“It’s heartbreaking. Imagine the trauma they’re going through,” said Msowoya, thinking of his 11-year-old daughter, the same age as some of the girls married after the cyclone. “They take men as their only hope of survival.”Thanks to climate change, extreme weather events like Cyclone Idai will likely ramp up dramatically in the coming years, including more devastating flooding from rising sea levels and storms with unprecedented severity. Droughts have already increased in frequency and intensity, particularly in Africa. A growing body of evidence is showing that what Msowoya observed is not an anomaly: the pernicious effects of climate change are increasing child marriage.“When there is a crisis, when people really feel that they have a threat to their survival, that’s when there is a push to get your daughter married off because parents feel that they’re not able to support them,” explained Nitya Rao, a professor of gender and development at the University of East Anglia. “It’s best for me to get my daughters married off sooner because I can’t take care of them and they’re not safe,” she added, explaining how parents reason through their difficult decision.As the effects of climate change worsen – as is expected – parents in the global south will be forced into this position more often. Many researchers believe that Africa will be the continent hit hardest by the effects of climate change. Poor countries that have contributed the least to the greenhouse gases causing climate change are already taking some of the hardest economic hits from climate-related disasters.Every year, 12 million underage girls get married; one in five girls get married before adulthood, according to Girls Not Brides, an international nonprofit working to end child marriage. The practice is most common in sub-Saharan Africa where almost four in 10 girls are married before age 18, followed closely by South Asia – two continents where many are already struggling to survive the effects of climate change.It is a practice, however, that cuts across cultures and religions and occurs everywhere in the world – including the United States. It is associated with a host of negative effects, from cutting girl’s education short, to increasing their risk of domestic violence, to their likelihood of experiencing complications in childbirth and the chances that their children will die in infancy.The practice is decreasing globally, but like many women’s rights gains – such as reduced maternal mortality and increased primary school attendance rates – there is growing evidence around the world that shows climate change is threatening how long that will hold true.“This is a place affected by river erosion,” the parents of a Bangladeshi girl named Azima told her, explaining why she had to marry at 13, according to Human Rights Watch. “If the river takes our house it will be hard for you to get married so it’s better if you get married now,” they said.In Mozambique, Majuma Julio told journalists her uncle’s crop failures forced him to marry her off at 15. “It was because of the sun. There was too much sun and the rain was not falling enough. His production started to decrease three years before the marriage,” she said. “It used to rain for two months, but after a while, it started coming less and less.” Marrying off an underage daughter during a climate-related disaster can mean there is one less mouth to feed or parents may believe that it will protect girls from the increased risk of sexual exploitation, said Rachel Yates, the head of learning at Girls Not Brides. Studies show that droughts increase the likelihood of women and girls being forced into trading sex for food or money and that when displaced they are at a higher risk of rape. Dowry or bride price – a payment of cash or goods often made to a bride’s family by the groom’s family – can also provide a desperately needed infusion of cash during lean times.Early marriage is not the only damaging effect climate change has on poor women and girls. Last month, a study by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature found that environmental degradation can lead to an increase in sexual assault, domestic violence, and forced prostitution. Rao’s research analysed the impact of climate change across Asia and Africa and found that it is decreasing women’s agency, diminishing their typically already reduced control over finances and work. In fact, women and children are 14 times more likely than men to die in natural disasters, including because they are more likely to be undernourished, they are often caretakers weighed down with infants, and because they are less likely to know how to swim.Redistribute income so that poor parents don't have to feel like they have to choose between starving everyone or starving one person, which will usually be the girl.Belinda ArchibongOne thing that this growing research is helping with is a reframing of the global understanding of child marriage. Instead of a barbarous tradition practised by regressive cultures, it is a Sophie’s Choice forced upon poor parents who have run out of options – and whose choices will continue to diminish with climate change.“Parents all love their children equally but when they’re resource-constrained, they are trying to make the best possible choices to improve wellbeing within their households,” said Belinda Archibong, assistant professor of economics at Barnard who is studying the phenomenon. “If I’m going to experience this huge shock from climate change and I’m trying to figure out how to invest my scarce resources, I am going to invest in my son.”The reality is that men make more money – parents know that investing in them could bring life-saving returns.This hints at another misstep, which is understanding women and girls in oversimplified terms.“We almost see them as if they have no choice, they’re just victims of circumstance,” said Rao. “Women exercise some independence and strategic thinking in what might be best in terms of their outcome, even within their constrained choices. We have to look at women as conscious people.”This misconception will inhibit efforts to solve the problem, said Rao – as will a lack of research. Currently, a lot of what we know is qualitative, explained Yates, based on the observations of activists like Msowoya.Archibong is helping bolster the evidence base by working backwards. She studied Niger’s 1986 meningitis epidemic, a disease that spikes in dry seasons, and found that the outbreak pushed families to marry their daughters off early because they needed the bride price to cope with medical expenses, which also cut girls’ education short. It is evidence, she said, that suggests that as climate change exacerbates disease outbreaks and extreme weather, gender gaps could increase.Despite these bleak predictions, Archibong remains optimistic about interventions – especially if they are done now while the worst effects of warming are still nascent.“Redistribute income so that poor parents don’t have to feel like they have to choose between starving everyone or starving one person, which will usually be the girl,” said Archibong, who advocates for gender-conscious taxation systems that incentivise companies to pay men and women equally, or remove taxes that make sanitary products more expensive.Another method that has shown some success is cash transfers – regular payments to poor families to reduce poverty and create a safety net in times of crises. In Malawi, one cash transfer programme found that girls were less likely to drop out of school and, if they had already dropped out, their rates of early pregnancy and marriage decreased.Yates says it is important to pair economic support with social intervention and points to a very successful Population Council programme in Ethiopia that paired community discussions about the effects of child marriage, school supplies for girls, and a goat for families who kept their daughters unmarried for the duration of the programme.“There’s no one silver bullet, it’s a combination of interventions that seem to be making the difference,” said Yates.Ultimately, however, piecemeal interventions will be insufficient alone.The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change warns that there are just more than 10 years left to stop warming over 1.5 degrees Celsius (2.7 degrees Fahrenheit), after which the kind of droughts and flooding that lead to child marriage will increase in frequency and severity. To do this will require cutting carbon emissions by almost half by 2030 and entirely by 2050.It will also require that the wealthy countries responsible for climate change contribute to mechanisms like the Green Climate Fund to help poorer countries cope with the effects – including preparation for natural disasters and increasing child marriage.For now, Msowoya says that the seasonal flooding has started in Malawi, including January flash floods that affected upwards of 600 houses. The worst damage even reached the capital city of Lilongwe, a phenomenon Msowoya said was once unheard of.As families scramble for shelter, he said calls to his hotline reporting child marriages are again increasing. In addition to fielding calls, Msowoya is also helping to pay school fees if families cannot keep up, educating communities about the dangers of child marriage, and bringing in law enforcement when all else fails.“We just need more time, if we had more time we could arrange things. We cannot manage this situation alone,” he said. “If we do, we should expect the worst.”
709	4	"Hay fever has major health and economic consequences. It exacerbates asthma and weakens defenses against respiratory viruses, resulting in more emergency room visits and disrupted schooling and work. Climate change has already made pollen seasons in the United States and Canada worse, a new study of almost three decades' worth of data has revealed. The pollen seasons are getting longer and more intense.The amount of time people in North America are exposed to pollen as well as the amount of pollen had ""increased significantly"" in recent decades, according to the authors.The researchers looked at different pollen metrics between 1990 and 2018 from 60 monitoring stations across North America. Pollen seasons were starting up to 20 days earlier and lasting for up to eight days longer, the scientists found.There was also an increase in the pollen count or concentration of pollen, with a rise of 20.9% between 1990 and 2018 -- and a 21.5% increase for the spring season alone. ""There's an enormous body of research on how climate change is already affecting our health. Our study fills in a key piece connecting climate change to pollen, which is one of the largest drivers of asthma, allergies, and respiratory health problems,"" said William Anderegg, an assistant professor of biology at The University of Utah and lead author of the study that published in the journal PNAS on Monday.""It's a clear example that climate change is here and now.""Regional differencesThe largest and most consistent increases were in Texas and the midwestern United States, the study found -- something that surprised Anderegg. He had expected to see larger pollen increase in more northern states. He said the reason for this wasn't ""entirely clear and is going to take more research to unravel. One hypothesis might be that the plant species that are found there are particularly sensitive to warming and producing more pollen.""The study looked at different drivers for this change, including temperatures changes, rainfall, frost days and carbon dioxide concentrations, and it found that an increase in mean annual temperatures was the strongest driver.Using computer models of the Earth's climate, the researchers also calculated to what extent human-caused climate change had increased pollen concentrations and made pollen seasons longer. ""These computer models simulate a world without human-caused climate change and a world with human-caused climate change (i.e. the real world),"" Anderegg said via email. ""By combining the observed connection between pollen and temperature with these two different scenarios, we can estimate how much human-caused climate change is influencing pollen trends.""Longer pollen seasonsThe researchers concluded that it was a ""strong driver"" in terms of the earlier starts to the pollen season and longer season lengths. However, it was a more modest driver when it came to higher pollen concentrations.The contribution of human-made climate change was starker during the period 2003 to 2018 compared to the longer period of 1990 to 2018, the scientists said, which likely reflects both the cumulative effect of climate change and a larger number of pollen monitoring stations during the shorter period. The researchers also noted that the human environmental impact was more modest when looking at figures for an entire year versus the spring season, with some decreases in summer pollen counts indicating that the life cycles of some plant species had shifted.According to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, some 19.2 million adults have been diagnosed with hay fever -- an allergic reaction to pollen, a fine powder from plants that can come into contact with your eyes, nose, mouth and throat. "
814	4	"2020 is meant to be a pivotal year in global efforts to turn the tide on climate change, but the coronavirus is threatening to throw a spanner in the works. Just 18 months ago, the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change warned that the world was way off course in its efforts to limit warming to below 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit) and avoid the worst impacts of global warming. Paradoxically, the coronavirus catastrophe has given the world an idea of how quickly pollution could be reined in with extreme measures. The first few months of the year have seen an abrupt drop in CO2 emissions, with the COVID-19 outbreak temporarily shutting down industrial activity and grounding flights in large parts of Asia, Europe and North America. Even though experts warn these effects won't last long, some, like Fatih Birol, head of the International Energy Agency, are fervently appealing to governments to use this ""historic opportunity"" to include renewable energy in their stimulus plans to offset an economic recession of historic proportions.  ""This is the perfect time for a Green New Deal, a scaling up of clean, renewable energy and for a scaling up of low-carbon essential jobs such as home care workers, teachers, nurses, public health professionals, and service workers,"" Keya Chatterjee, executive director of the US Climate Action Network, told DW. So why aren't governments talking about taking the leap? Focus on 'economic survival' In an effort to head off the looming economic crisis, panicked world leaders have opened the financial floodgates.China is preparing to inject trillions of yuan to rekindle its economy, the US has approved a $2 trillion (€1,830 billion) stimulus package and the European Central Bank has said it will ""explore all options and all contingencies to support the economy to counter this extraordinary shock."" And that's not counting the hundreds of billions pledged by EU member states. Read more: Coronavirus shock vs. global financial crisisRobert Dingwall, a sociologist and public health expert at Nottingham Trent University in the UK, said it's likely too early to even broach the subject of a clean energy revolution for many people.""At present I think the big concern is economic survival and ensuring that viable businesses are not killed off by the sudden shock,"" he said in an email to DW.  ""It is very much about the immediate and unprecedented threat,"" added Dingwall —a global health threat not seen since the 1918 Spanish flu pandemic, combined with stock market losses that have brought back bad memories of the 2008 financial crash.  The need to prioritize concerns also rings true with Katharina van Bronswijk of Psychologists for Future, an inter-institutional group focused on climate change. ""Psychologically, we do have a 'finite pool of worry' — so we can't worry about everything all the time,"" she said. But, she pointed out, just because the coronavirus is dominating the world's attention right now doesn't mean discussion has stopped. While online debate continues, she says ""it's just become less visible at the moment."" Both Dingwall and van Bronswijk say it's easier ""to mentally distance ourselves from the possible outcomes of climate crisis"" than it is from the COVID-19 outbreak, with its frantic daily updates and the knowledge that we, or people close to us, could get sick and die.  Climate change doesn't elicit the same response, said Dingwall, because ""weather-related threats are very familiar and we have difficulty seeing them as aspects of long-term climate change."" Climate-friendly policies still scarce German economist Claudia Kemfert notes that green investments were already on shaky ground before the outbreak.""Even before the [COVID-19] crisis we had an investment delay in many important areas,"" said Kemfert, an expert in energy economics and sustainability with the German Institute of Economic Research (DIW). As recently as November, an analysis by the UK-based think tank InfluenceMap found that the world's largest investment funds were still underinvesting in renewables and other green tech, instead favoring companies using ""brown technologies"" — $8.2 trillion of holdings in oil and gas, coal mining, car manufacturing and electric power. Kemfert told DW that governments could instead use targeted stimulus packages to back climate-friendly fuels and infrastructure, and to encourage existing industries to switch over.But, she stressed, these funds must be tied to conditions ensuring that they go toward ""future-proof, climate-friendly and sustainable investments."" However, it might be hard to sell that idea to lawmakers and bureaucrats in Brussels, who earlier this year were all set to begin realizing the EU's highly touted €1-trillion Green Deal over the next decade. Instead, they'll be doing whatever they can to soften the economic crash in their home countries.  Business as usual or a new path? Even if climate change policies do get put on hold, psychologist van Bronswijk sees an overlap between the two crises that could prove useful to finding future climate solutions. She said both the outbreak and the climate crisis require us to slow down, work together, and focus on finding creative solutions to our common problemsIn recent weeks we've seen health care systems strained to the point of collapse, a chaotic situation that reverberates in our overstressed ecosystems. ""Crisis management in both cases relies very much on listening to scientific advice and acting thoughtfully and with solidarity,"" said van Bronswijk. Winfried Hoke, executive secretary at the European Climate Research Alliance, agrees.The outbreak has exposed the ""vulnerabilities of our society,"" said Hoke, suggesting that ""more knowledge about the interdependencies of our systems and subsystems, as well as environmental and physical limits,"" would help the EU ""understand and prepare for future emergencies"" like the climate crisis. As for the United States, one of the world's worst polluters, Chatterjee of US Climate Action said that the priority once the outbreak is over, after health and well-being, would likely be some form of stimulus — and she thinks it could lead the US to greener pastures. ""Anything is possible if it helps get us out of this emergency situation,"" she said. ""Fossil fuel executives will have to either admit that they are not capitalists and that they require huge and regular government bailouts, or the market will take them down because their economics just don't work anymore.""Disclaimer: This article was updated to include more recent figures regarding stimulus efforts on the parts of the US government and the European Central Bank. "
23	4	"Environmental activist Greta Thunberg has shared her support for Kiwis who have been protesting for climate change around the country today.Thousands of school students have defied Acting Prime Minister Winston Peters by marching in climate change strikes nationwide.More than 40 events are being held across the country, as part of an international movement sparked by teen activist Thunberg.Sharing her support on Twitter, Thunberg has been retweeting posts from Kiwis who have been documenting the protests taking place across New Zealand - including in Auckland, Wellington, Christchurch, Dunedin, Hamilton, Thames, Tauranga and Nelson.""New Zealand leading the way into Friday,"" the 16-year-old tweeted.""Good luck everyone striking around the world. Change is coming!!"" she added.New Zealand leading the way into Friday nr 2 in #WeekForFuture Early reports speak of 170’000 people on #ClimateStrike in NZ. Or 3,5% of the population... Good luck everyone striking around the world. Change is coming!!#FridaysForFuture https://t.co/u5JIWkNDenWellington, NZ. #ClimateStrike #FridaysForFuture https://t.co/5psTBaJHGUOrganisers confirm well over 40’000 in Wellington, NZ. #ClimateStrike #FridaysForFuture https://t.co/BDcU4HVJ8JDunedin, NZ. #FridaysForFuture #ClimateStrike https://t.co/DIjI2cfbUAAuckland, NZ. #ClimateStrike #FridaysForFuture https://t.co/tQn0cFlthOAuckland, NZ. #ClimateStrike #FridaysForFuture https://t.co/F7gUKqvHsBChristchurch, NZ. #FridaysForFuture #ClimateStrike https://t.co/k6252xPI2yIn Wellington, protesters poured into Parliament grounds at midday – the group is one of the biggest to mobilise in front of Parliament in many years.The gathering is said to be the largest since the foreshore and seabed protests in 2004.The organisers of today's climate strike claim 170,000 people have participated in demonstrations nationwide.There were at least 5000 ""strikers"" massing outside Parliament – so many in fact that they poured out on to the nearby streets.Armed with placards and chants, the group of mainly students called on the Government to fight climate change."
336	3	"The world's children cannot afford more empty promises at this year's United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP26), youth activists including Greta Thunberg said, after a UN report found virtually no child will escape the impact of global warming.In the first index of its kind, published on Friday, UN children's agency UNICEF found that almost all the world's 2.2 billion children are exposed to at least one climate or environmental risk, from catastrophic floods to toxic air.Last week a UN climate panel of the world's top atmospheric scientists warned that global warming is dangerously close to spiralling out of control, with deadly heat waves, hurricanes and other extreme events likely to keep getting worse.Thunberg, 18, said the UNICEF index confirmed children would be the worst affected, and when world leaders meet in Glasgow in November for COP26 they needed to act rather than just talk.""I don't expect them to do that, but I would be more than happy if they could prove me wrong,"" she told journalists ahead of the index's publication on the third anniversary of Fridays For Future, a now-global youth movement that started with her solo protest outside her Swedish school.Thunberg was joined by young activists around the world including Mitzi Jonelle Tan, 23, from the Philippines, who spoke of doing homework by candlelight as typhoons raged outside or fearing drowning in her bed as floodwaters filled her room.After months of extreme weather and dire warnings from scientists, world leaders' ""empty promises and vague plans"" were no longer enough, Tan said.""There's no excuse for this COP... to not be the one that changes things.""Henrietta Fore, UNICEF executive director said young people globally were leading by example, pointing to a survey by the organisation that found nine in ten of them in 21 countries felt it was their responsibility to tackle climate change.They were more at risk than adults in the ""increasingly unrecognisable"" world they stood to inherit, she said, being less able to survive extreme weather events and more susceptible to toxic chemicals, temperature changes and disease.The UNICEF index showed around 1 billion children in 33 mostly African low-emission countries faced a ""deadly combination"" of extreme weather and existing issues like poverty, making them uniquely vulnerable."
570	5	"Northland has its fair share of natural beauty worth protecting. Photo / Julia CzerwonatisReporter for the Northern AdvocateTalking about climate change is uncomfortable. Especially when we realise it's happening because of what we've done and are still doing to the Earth.         It becomes yet more uncomfortable when we see that it is         us who need to change.        It's easy to pass this responsibility to policymakers or big industry, the ones that are polluting our planet. They got us into this mess so it's their job to fix it, right?Of course, it's not that simple.Humanity has created this terribly beautiful world of convenience that we are snuggled up in with our single-use commodities and a screen tap away from getting everything we wish delivered to our doorstep.And it is nice, not to worry. To think, it's all going to be okay, because someone will save the day and I can keep living without regard to what I am doing to my environment.But that's not the way forward if we want to maintain this planet. If we want our kids to have a life worth living, we need to change the way we eat, move, consume, create and think.I'd like to invite you to read the Advocate climate change series to learn why all of this is relevant for us here in Northland.The inspiring Niki Harré, a sustainability psychologist, will lead the introduction by giving us a bit humility: yes we need to change, but it's not on one single person to stop all emissions in the world.She talks about where and how we can find agency to act, and what to do when it all gets a bit too much.Niwa will then take the role of familiarising us with the scary stuff: sea-level rise, heatwaves and big storms.But even in the scientists' report lies a message of hope. There are still a lot of ""ifs"" and ""whens"" because everything isn't determined yet which leaves us a scope of action.We'll learn from waste-savvy Kiwis how to make our households more sustainable and the incredibly energetic Murupaenga-Ikenn will explain why it's our human right to demand living in a healthy environment.The industry will of course play a role. Northland's greenhouse gas emissions are high compared to other regions because of manufacturing and farming.The series is having a closer look at what they are doing to adapt their production and what we need to understand about carbon sequestration.Lastly, our youth are going to speak about their dreams and demands for the future.I hope that you, our readers, will find a piece of information in this series that will help you along in the battle against climate change. And I hope together we can create a good life for us and generations to come."
811	3	MY COLLEAGUES have been discussingclimate change, and it's worth noting that global warming used to be the subject of genuine political debate in Washington as well. Al Gore made a movie about it. Barack Obama vowed to put a stop to it (indeed, he claimed that he had begun to lower sea levels simply by being nominated for the presidency). Congress pored over a series of detailed laws designed to tackle it. The House of Representatives even passed one.No longer. The bill the House passed made no headway in the Senate, even with a filibuster-proof Democratic majority. Now that the Democrats have lost the House and seen their majority shrink in the Senate, the chances of an emissions-cutting measure getting through Congress are nil. Indeed, Republicans want to move in the opposite direction, and strip the EPA of its authority to regulate greenhouse gases under the Clean Air Act. But the chances of that succeeding are also close to zero, since the president has promised to veto any such move.Committee hearings are always like this. After smarmy exchanges about how delighted they are to be speaking to one another, congressmen ask grotesquely biased “Gotcha!” questions that the witnesses, usually harried officials, do their best not to respond to in a meaningful fashion. There are a lot of requests, almost always ignored, for yes or no answers. Mrs Jackson, for example, expended considerable time and effort not saying that greenhouse-gas regulation would raise energy prices and thus harm the economy.Sometimes, the pretence of give-and-take is abandoned altogether. This morning, Joe “Sorry BP” Barton, a Republican from Texas, asked a laughably leading question, requested a yes or no answer, and then—before receiving one—told Mrs Jackson, “The answer is no.” When she asked, with faux naivety, whether Mr Barton wanted her to answer the question herself or comment on his remarks, he replied with admirable honesty that he didn't.What was surprising, given how long Congress has debated this subject, is how incompetent the grandstanding was. I'm reconciled to the fact that America's congressmen are not all silver-tongued Ciceros. Indeed, most of them seem to have trouble following a train of thought, finishing a sentence or getting noun and verb to agree. Several appeared not to know that the heinous acts they were complaining about were committed not by Mrs Jackson and her staff, but by the courts, or by the administration of George W. Bush. One confused cap-and-trade schemes to reduce greenhouse-gas emissions with the more rigid administrative approach used by the EPA, giving Mrs Jackson a let-out from an otherwise awkward question. Another did not seem to know that Congress had the power to overturn executive regulations. A third proudly declared the he was an engineer, and so knew a thing or two about science, only to have Mrs Jackson retort that she too was an engineer (oops!), and so knew the importance of deferring to experts in a given field. A fourth made a fart joke, and then proudly declared, “That's humour!”But in addition to garbled syntax, muddled arguments and childish behaviour, the Republican attack-dogs were surprisingly off-message (the Democrats shared all these faults too, but this wasn't their show). Some argued that global warming wasn't proven, others that the EPA was misinterpreting the Clean Air Act (something the Supreme Court has cleared it of) and yet others that all the EPA's efforts to control pollution of any sort since its creation in 1970 had placed an intolerable burden on business. A representative from Oregon starting banging on about the treatment of wood-based biomass in a bill that has already been shelved. Another Republican seemed to be arguing that the EPA should adopt more stringent regulations than it has proposed—not a popular idea within the party.Amid all this confusion, the Republicans' best argument—that the costs of regulating greenhouse gases are likely to outweigh the benefits in the short term, at least—got lost. The White House is said to be contemplating postponing the EPA's regulatory drive until after next year's election, for fear that the Republicans will denounce it as “job-killing” on the campaign trail. And so, doubtless, they will. But if today's hearing is anything to go by, they are also likely to sully that message with a lot of extreme—and extremely puerile—talk.(Photo credit: Bloomberg News)
481	4	"Images of Simon Kofe standing in a suit and tie at a lectern set up in the sea, with his trouser legs rolled up, have been shared widely on social media, drawing attention to Tuvalu's struggle against rising sea levels.""The statement juxtaposes the COP26 setting with the real-life situations faced in Tuvalu due to the impacts of climate change and sea level rise and highlights the bold action Tuvalu is taking to address the very pressing issues of human mobility under climate change,"" Kofe said of his video message to the conference.The video was shot by public broadcaster TVBC at the far end of Fongafale, the main islet of the capital Funafuti, a government official said.It is due to be shown at the climate summit on Tuesday and comes as regional leaders push for more aggressive action to limit the impact of climate change.Many big polluters have vowed to intensify their carbon cuts over coming decades with some aiming for net zero carbon emissions by 2050.But Pacific Island leaders have demanded immediate action, pointing out that the very survival of their low-lying countries is at stake."
113	5	Scott Morrison has caused widespread outrage in China after a slip of the tongue during his address at the UN climate summit.The Prime Minister was speaking about Australia's approach and commitment to climate change at the COP26 in Glasgow, Scotland on Tuesday when he misspoke.During the address, Mr Morrison said there was a build in 'global momentum to tackle China,' before he quickly corrected himself and said 'climate change'.A video of the speech has spread across China, with Chinese state-media outlets and social media sites furious over the incident. Scott Morrison has caused widespread outrage in China after an embarrassing slip of the tongue during his address on Tuesday at the UN climate summitThe hashtag 'Australian Prime Minister Misrepresents Tackling Climate Change as Tackling China' has gone viral on Chinese online networking tool Weibo with over 130 million views.A user of the site didn't believe Mr Morrison's words were a mistake, but instead, he was expressing what was really in his head.Chinese state media publication Guancha.com took to social media and said that the Prime Minister's mistake showed that his mind is 'full of China'.The Prime Minister said there was a build in 'global momentum to tackle China,' before he quickly corrected himself and said 'climate change' (Pictured: Mr Morrison at a press conference in Sydney on Friday) A later opinion piece from the outlet targeted Mr Morrison over the speech and the nation's approach to climate change.'He doesn't have a passion to protect the environment but does have anti-China passion under the name of protecting [the] environment,' it said.'This episode is the actual reflection of his mind.'The state-run media outlet's post online has been shared by nearly 2,000 users and has been liked over 10,000 times.A video of the slip up has spread across China, with Chinese state-media outlets and social media sites running rampant over the incident (Pictured: Mr Morrison at a press conference in Sydney on Friday with NSW Premier Dominic Perrottet)The hashtag 'Australian Prime Minister Misrepresents Tackling Climate Change as Tackling China' has gone viral on Chinese online networking tool Weibo with over 130 million views (Pictured: Mr Morrison at the UN summit) The outrage aimed at Mr Morrison adds to the rising tensions between China and Australia. In September, Scott Morrison doubled down on calls for an independent review into the origins of Covid-19 despite China inflicting months of economic pain on Australia.  In a pre-recorded address to the United Nations General Assembly, he said preventing future pandemics remained a priority and pushed for 'accelerated efforts' to identify how Covid-19 first emerged.'Australia called for an independent review, and sees understanding the cause of this pandemic not as a political issue, but as being essential, simply, to prevent the next one,' Mr Morrison said.In September, Mr Morrison wanted further investigations into the origins of Covid-19 and China's role in the pandemic (Pictured: Prime Minister Scott Morrison with US Vice President Kamala Harris and Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihide Suga in Washington DC)'We need to know so we can prevent this death and this calamity being visited upon the world again.'That can be our only motivation.'In what appeared to be a reaction to April 2020's original call for an independent review, China has targeted Australia's agricultural and resources sector, with measures affecting export products including wine, seafood, barley and coal, treasurer Josh Frydenberg said earlier in September.Those trade actions have seen total exports to China fall by around $5.4 billion over the year to the June quarter, Mr Frydenberg said, although most of these goods were successfully redirected elsewhere.  Mr Morrison's decision to develop nuclear-powered submarines as part of a new security pact with the United States and the United Kingdom caused a lot of drawback from ChinaMr Morrison's recent decision to develop nuclear-powered submarines as part of a new security pact with the United States and the United Kingdom caused a lot of drawback from China. The deal resulted in Australia tearing up a $90 billion contract with France for diesel submarines, and will instead see the US and the UK share sensitive technology to allow the development of Australia's first nuclear-powered submarines.The Chinese government said the 'extremely irresponsible' deal would seriously undermine regional peace and stability, while the nationalistic Global Times tabloid carried an editorial warning Australia not to act provocatively or China would 'certainly punish it with no mercy'. While in August, Scott Morrison took a swipe at China while addressing a damning UN report on climate change.In August, Scott Morrison took a savage swipe at China while addressing a damning UN report on climate changeThe Prime Minister said climate solutions are most needed in developing countries such as China, India and Vietnam where emissions are rising.China accounts for roughly 30 per cent of the world's carbon emissions, pumping out twice the amount of the US which makes up about 15 per cent.'We cannot ignore the fact that the developing world accounts for two thirds of global emissions and those emissions are rising,' Mr Morrison said.'That is a stark fact. It is also a clear fact that China's emissions account for more than the OECD combined.'
168	5	FOROS DE VALE FIGUEIRA, Portugal — Alfredo Sendim was just 8 years old when his family was forced off its 1,100-acre farm in central Portugal amid a wave of nationalizations in the 1970s.The hard-left policies introduced during Portugal’s tumultuous path to democracy were later reversed, and the Sendim family has since returned to its land an hour’s drive from Lisbon. But in recent years, the now 52-year-old Sendim has grown increasingly worried he might have to leave again, perhaps for good.This time, it is not a government’s action he fears, but inaction — over climate change.Last May, Sendim and other plaintiffs from eight countries filed suit against European Union institutions, arguing that the bloc’s emissions cuts were inadequate and had exposed them to the ill effects of climate change. Evidence cited in the case includes devastating fires, record droughts and recurrent flooding.It is still unclear how far the lawsuit will proceed, but the likelihood of success has never been higher, according to experts and activists. “Legal obstacles once considered insurmountable by many are now coming down one after the other,” said Christoph Bals, policy director with Germanwatch, one of several nongovernmental organizations supporting Sendim’s lawsuit. Until recently, action on climate change was widely seen as a political issue. But according to Mark Clarke, a partner with the international law firm White & Case, Sendim’s case is part of “a global trend” — a development that adds a legal dimension.More than 1,300 lawsuits related to climate change, many targeting governments or corporations, have been filed around the world since the 1980s, with a surge in recent years, according to research by Columbia University’s law school and the Arnold & Porter law firm. While judicial systems differ, the various rulings suggest the potential for climate-change litigation to expand and evolve across borders.If the trend continues, Clarke said, “the volume of such cases alone may drive governments and corporations to take action.”Most cases citing climate change have been brought in the United States. But courts elsewhere have shown more willingness in recent years to take on the kind of broad lawsuits that would force defendants to adjust emissions targets rather than merely pay compensation.In 2013, the U.S. Supreme Court indicated its opposition to such challenges when it declined to hear a lawsuit brought by Alaskans against several major U.S. energy firms over climate change attributable to emissions. The justices said it was a political rather than a legal matter.While courts in Europe have similarly rejected such claims in the past, that changed in 2015 when a Dutch court ruled that the government had breached the European Convention on Human Rights by reducing its emissions requirements more slowly than scientists have deemed necessary. An appeals court upheld the decision last year.The ripple effects quickly reached as far as the United States.One suit filed in 2015, Juliana v. United States, is still on track, albeit bumpily, after a judge in Oregon ordered the case to trial in a potentially landmark ruling a year later. The 21 young plaintiffs argue that they have a constitutional right to a clean environment.The Supreme Court might yet doom their case, but that would not necessarily end large-scale ­climate-change litigation in the United States. Activists have also turned to state courts, particularly in California, with its tough public-nuisance law. So far, judges have differed on whether state courts are appropriate venues for lawsuits with global implications.Some recent U.S. lawsuits have also focused on planned projects rather than past liability, paralleling similar efforts in Australia, where in February a judge blocked a proposed midsize coal mine in the state of New South Wales on the grounds that it would contribute to global warming — a legal first in the world’s largest coal exporter.In a ruling that was front-page news in Australia, the chief judge of the state’s planning court, ­Brian Preston, agreed with the residents of Gloucester, a town about 150 miles north of Sydney, that the Rocky Hill mine’s potential harm to the climate and the environment outweighed its likely economic benefit.“What is now urgently needed, in order to meet generally agreed climate targets, is a rapid and deep decrease in greenhouse gas emissions,” Preston wrote.Legal experts predicted that the ruling would produce copycat cases across the country.“I think this does send a signal that the legal system is an appropriate place to challenge the ongoing development of fossil fuels,” Will Steffen, a climate scientist who provided pivotal evidence in the case, said in an interview.While foreign rulings are generally not accepted as precedent by U.S. courts, the parallel rulings in Australia and other countries could still set standards for how to measure a country’s contribution to global warming — a consensus that may then also be followed by U.S. judges.In 2011, at a legal conference in Hong Kong, Preston became one of the first jurists to advocate using lawsuits to generate political pressure on governments to curtail industries contributing to global warming.The following year, former Irish president Mary Robinson urged an international meeting of lawyers in Dublin to lead a global effort that would become known as the climate-change justice movement.Preston was among 19 experts who responded. Their 2014 report, “Achieving Justice and Human Rights in an Era of Climate Disruption,” was a detailed plan for using legal systems to combat global warming.One key suggestion was to ­extend well-established human rights laws to cover the harm to individuals from the effects of a hotter climate, including damage to crops, spreading deserts and rising sea levels.Acknowledging the difficulty of connecting harm done to any individual to a greenhouse gas emitter, the report proposed a wave of new laws around the world giving people the right to sue governments and companies simply for contributing to climate change. It also recommended the creation of a global judicial body, the International Court on the Environment, to enforce climate treaties.So far, those bold proposals have not become reality.Standing on a Portuguese hilltop overlooking his tree-covered farmland, which he runs as a cooperative with the help of local families, Alfredo Sendim agreed that global action — along with cross-border legal proceedings — is needed. “We have only one nation. It’s our planet,” he said. Every year, Sendim said, wildfires have become more frequent in his part of Portugal. In one week last summer, thousands of his grapevines suffered irreversible heat damage amid temperatures never before measured at Herdade do Freixo do Meio, his farm.He says he has done everything he could to prepare for a drier, hotter future, training his workers to fight fires and adopting water-saving farming methods. Meanwhile, E.U. member states continue to fall short of their own emissions targets. It is time, he said, for them to do “what they told us they were going to do.”Patrick reported from Sydney.
762	4	Planet Earth is warmer than it has been for at least 2,000 years, according to a study that took its temperature from 692 different “natural thermometers” on every continent and ocean on the planet.In the most comprehensive assessment of how the climate has changed over the period to date, researchers looked at a host of sources of historic information, including tree rings, ice cores, lake and sea sediments, corals, mineral deposits and written records.What they found confirmed the famous “hockey stick” graph, showing an undulating, but broadly flat, line followed by a sharp uptick that begins at around 1900.The only plausible explanation for this sudden change is fossil fuel emissions, which have increased the level of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere from about 280 parts per million in the 19th century to more than 400 today.The warming effect was predicted by the Nobel Prize-winning Swedish scientist Svante Arrhenius in 1895. Writing in the journal Scientific Data, a team of nearly 100 researchers described how they had created a database of 692 records from 648 different locations in “all continental regions and major ocean basins”.Some of these natural thermometers covered the entire 2,000-year period, with an average length of 760 years.Read our full mailing list consent terms hereRead our full mailing list consent terms hereThe original hockey stick graph, which spanned 1,000 years, was widely praised when it was published in the journal Nature 20 years ago, but also came under attack from climate change sceptics and deniers. Professor Michael Mann, one of the paper’s authors, was abused, made the subject of hostile investigations by US politicians, and even sent death threats.In a blog post about the new study, one of researchers, Professor Julien Emile-Geay, wrote that it essentially confirmed the hockey stick graph was accurate.“As a scientist, you have to go where the evidence takes you,” he said.“You can only be smacked in the face by evidence so many times and not see some kind of pattern. (You will never guess: a HOCKEY STICK!).“The hockey stick is alive and well. There is now so much data supporting this observation that it will take nothing short of a revolution of how we understand all paleoclimate proxies to overturn this pattern. So let me make this prediction: the hockey stick is here to stay.”Mr Emile-Geay, of the University of Southern California, said any argument about the basic pattern of warming was over.“In the coming years and decades, the scientific community will flesh out many more details about the climate of the past 2,000 years, the interactions between temperature and drought, their regional and local expressions, their physical causes, their impact on human civilizations, and many other fascinating research questions,” he said.“But one thing won’t change: the 20th century will stick out like a sore thumb. The present rate of warming and, very likely, the temperature levels are exceptional in the past 2,000 years, perhaps even longer.“The hockey stick is alive; long live the hockey stick. Climate denialists will have to find another excuse behind which to hide.”While in the US there are leading politicians, including President Donald Trump and Lamar Smith, the chair of the House of Representatives’ Science, Space and Technology Committee, who have claimed climate change is a hoax or a plot to create a world government, the UK’s leading sceptics accept much of the scientific analysis of what has happened so far.Lord Nigel Lawson, the former Conservative cabinet minister and founder of the Global Warming Policy Foundation, told a House of Lords’ committee hearing that carbon dioxide was a greenhouse gas that was having “some effect” on the climate. Instead, they tend to downplay the future effects with some describing themselves as “lukewarmists”.Scientists say this makes the same mistake as those who confidently predict Armageddon. Instead, the future is uncertain, with computer models based on the laws of physics predicting anything from a reasonably “lukewarm” 1.5°C of warming to an “end-of-civilisation-as-we-know it” 5°C if carbon dioxide levels hit double the pre-industrial level of 280 parts per million.The Paris Agreement on climate change committed countries to trying to restrict global warming to below 2°C and as close to 1.5°C as possible. There has been nearly 1°C of warming attributed to human activity to date.Mr Mann said the new study was “impressive”.“The end result of course isn’t too surprising – they get a hockey stick-curve no matter how you slice the data,” he wrote in a direct message on Twitter.“As if we needed it, [it is] further confirmatory evidence that the recent warming spike has no precedent as far back as we can go. “Human activity is having an unprecedented impact on our climate.”
362	3	A devastating, disorienting scene has been left in the wake of a powerful tornado outbreak across six states on Friday night. Dozens of people have been killed and nearly 100 more remain unaccounted for.Entire towns were reduced to rubble and twisted wreckage, unrecognizable to those who lived there. Recovery efforts will go on “for years,” said one public official in Kentucky.The tornadoes were part of a powerful storm system that tore across Arkansas, Illinois, Kentucky, Mississippi, Missouri and Tennessee. At least 37 twisters were reported including a monster in Kentucky which traveled a potentially record-breaking 227 miles on the ground.It’s another extreme weather event rounding out a year repeatedly described as “unprecedented” - even as meaning drains from that word amid a calendar packed with deadly wildfires, heatwaves, hurricanes, flash-flooding and prolonged drought.It’s too soon to fully explain the role that global warming played in the tornado outbreak, scientists say. President Joe Biden has instructed the Environmental Protection Agency to carry out an assessment.At this early juncture, here’s what’s known: Unusually warm, spring-like weather in December factored into the tornado outbreak. Recent analysis found that while all seasons are impacted by climate change, winter is warming the fastest across much of the US, intensifying conditions in the atmosphere which can spawn such tornadoes.Dr Jennifer Marlon, a climate scientist from the Yale School of the Environment, told CNN on Monday that the connections are “complicated” but that weather events are becoming more severe and more extreme.She later tweeted that the tornado event was “not just unusual- it was truly historic and deeply shocking”. “I fear we are poking the climate beast,” she added.Twisters are tricky to study partly because they are relatively short-lived, and tend to appear in rural, less densely- populated areas. For decades, data largely relied on people spotting tornadoes and calling them into the National Weather Service.But the body of research is growing. A study in 2014 from the National Severe Storms Laboratory found that in the past 50 years, clusters of tornadoes have become more common. A separate 2018 study found that over the past four decades, “Tornado Alley” appears to be shifting to the east, away from typical paths through Kansas and Oklahoma, and to the areas where Friday’s outbreak struck.There have been recent leaps forward in “attribution science” — which looks at how climate influences extreme weather events. It has become easier, for example, to connect rising global temperatures with the deadly heatwaves in places like Seattle, Jacobabad and Guangdong.It’s also possible to be more definitive on the fingerprint of the climate crisis in severe wildfires, prolonged droughts and the rapid-melting of ice caps that contribute to sea-level rise. Initiatives like World Weather Attribution, made up of climate scientists from around the world along with disaster relief specialists, are attune to this public need for reliable, rapid analysis when extreme events happen. Within days they were able to link the North American heatwave, and subsequently the severe flooding in western Europe to climate change. You can find out more about how they go about it here).Gray areas in a highly-polarized world can be frustrating, particularly in the wake of terrible events which leave a gut-punch reaction that all is not well with our planet.There’s also the enraging fact that being unable to swiftly label such events, which require the methodical process of scientific investigation, leaves a vacuum for climate deniers and delayers to rush into with pious indignation and cries of “hoax”.“In the beautiful Midwest, windchill temperatures are reaching minus 60 degrees, the coldest ever recorded. In coming days, expected to get even colder. People can’t last outside even for minutes. What the hell is going on with Global Waming? [sic] Please come back fast, we need you!” climate-denier-in-chief Donald Trump tweeted in January 2019. (A day later, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration appeared to respond with a tweet that read, “winter storms don’t prove that global warming isn’t happening” and a link to an explainer).In February, a deadly deep freeze which left millions in Texas without power provided right-wing media figures with a two-pronged attack on the climate crisis. The sub-zero temperatures were held up as “evidence” that global warming was no longer of concern while “frozen wind turbines” were an opportunity to rail against renewable power, and the Green New Deal.(While some wind turbines did freeze, the Texas Tribune explained that “failures in natural gas, coal and nuclear energy systems were responsible for nearly twice as many outages as renewables.)In The Independent on Monday, Skylar Baker-Jordan, a former resident of Bowling Green, Kentucky which suffered tornado damage and loss of life, writes of an equally ugly sentiment.“Some people in the national media have been derisive towards my home state, blaming its people for voting for senators who oppose climate change or disaster relief for other people,” he writes. “A few have insinuated that Kentuckians are reaping what they sowed. That is grossly cynical and so callous it borders on ghoulish.”The climate crisis unravelling to an increasing series of “gotcha” moments can only see us lose much more than is already at stake.
697	4	"British naturalist Sir David Attenborough warned on Tuesday that climate change is the biggest security threat that modern humans have ever faced, telling the UN Security Council: ""I don't envy you the responsibility that this places on all of you.""Sir David, 94, the world's most influential wildlife broadcaster, addressed a virtual meeting of the 15-member council on climate-related risks to international peace and security, chaired by British Prime Minister Boris Johnson.""If we continue on our current path, we will face the collapse of everything that gives us our security: food production, access to fresh water, habitable ambient temperature and ocean food chains,"" Sir David said.""And if the natural world can no longer support the most basic of our needs, then much of the rest of civilisation will quickly break down,"" he added.With the world struggling to cut planet-warming emissions fast enough to avoid catastrophic warming, the United Nations will stage a climate summit in November in Glasgow, Scotland.It will be the most important gathering since the 2015 event that yielded the Paris Agreement, when nearly 200 countries committed to halt rising temperatures quickly enough to avoid catastrophic change. The November summit serves as a deadline for countries to commit to deeper emissions cuts.""I know that there are people around the world who will say that this is all kind of green stuff from a bunch of tree-hugging, tofu munchers and not suited to international diplomacy and international politics,"" Johnson told the council. ""I couldn't disagree more profoundly.""The Paris accord aims to cap the rise in temperatures to ""well below"" 2C and as close as possible to 1.5C to avoid the most devastating impacts of climate change.UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres pushed countries, companies, cities and financial institutions to make ambitious commitments to cut global emissions. China and the United States are the world's biggest emitters of greenhouse gases.""We still have a long way to go, and we look to the major emitters to lead by example in the coming months,"" Guterres told the council. ""This is a credibility test of their commitment to people and planet. It is the only way we will keep the 1.5-degree goal within reach."""
730	5	"European Union countries have agreed to pursue a 35 percent cut in car emissions by 2030, as part of global efforts to reduce carbon dioxide emissions and limit global warming. The details are set to be finalized in talks beginning on Wednesday with the European Parliament and the European Commission.Concern over a UN report on global warming released on Monday led EU environment ministers to meet in Luxembourg, where they talked for more than 13 hours in search for a compromise. The UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) report warned that the world was running out of time to avoid a ""climate catastrophe"" and that it will need to take ""unprecedented"" steps to avoid a dangerous rise in temperature.Fifteen countries and the EU climate commissioner, Miguel Arias Canete, had called on the bloc to bring its emissions reductions goal in line with the 2015 Paris climate accord, but that proposal was rejected by Eastern European countries. Under the Paris deal, the EU agreed to reduce greenhouse gases by at least 40 percent below 1990 levels by 2030.""We saw a really complicated discussion,"" Arias Canete said of the compromise on Tuesday, which 20 nations supported, four voted against and four abstained from. ""I never believed in the beginning that such a strong support would be obtained,"" he added. Vehicle emissionsSeveral countries sought a 40 percent reduction in carbon dioxide (CO2) emitted by new cars and vans, in line with targets backed by EU lawmakers last week and well above the 30 percent the European Commission had recommended. Tuesday's deal of a 35 percent reduction falls below the Paris agreement's goal.  ""After 13 hours of negotiations, we are relieved... The compromise is in the interest of all member states,"" Austrian Environment Minister Elisabeth Köstinger told reporters.Germany, which has large auto sector, backed an EU executive proposal for a 30 percent reduction in vehicle emissions by 2030, compared with 2021 levels. Berlin has warned that if targets are set too high, it would hurt exports and threaten jobs.Denmark, Ireland and Sweden, on the other hand, had pushed for more ambitious reductions and were disappointed with the deal. ""This text is worse than what was on the table this morning,"" said Irish Environment Minister Denis Naughton.The transport sector is the only major industry in the EU in which greenhouse gas emissions are still rising.Tuesday's meeting also adopted the EU's position at COP24, the UN climate summit to be held in December in Katowice, Poland.ap, jcg/cmk (dpa, Reuters, AFP)Each evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here."
543	3	"The Earth is warming, but Washington is frozen, so localities keep finding new ways to muddle through. Do you believe in climate change?As an international summit meeting on climate change gets underway in Paris this week, the political conversation around global warming in the United States often begins this way: with a question about beliefs. Climate change—like gun control, abortion, or immigration—has become another way for political parties and their members to define themselves.The split is pretty clear. A resounding 86 percent of Democrats believe solid evidence exists to prove the Earth is warming, but just 45 percent of Republicans feel the same way, according to a report by the Pew Research Center in June. Things get even messier when you ask people why the Earth is warming: 64 percent of Democrats think human activity is a culprit, but only 22 percent of Republicans agree.This ideological chasm makes the prospects of climate-change legislation at the federal level look dim indeed. Even when Democrats controlled both houses of Congress and the White House, in 2009 and 2010, the drive to pass a far-reaching law to curb greenhouse-gas emissions unraveled in the Senate, after legislative sponsors from both parties bailed on a plan (dubbed “cap-and-trade”) to use market forces to help energy businesses cut down on pollution.Internationally, the outlook seems just as daunting. The lofty goal of the Paris conference is to sign a legally binding agreement—the result of five years of discussions and deal-making—that aims to reduce carbon emissions significantly by 2050. The U.S. Senate isn’t likely to approve a full-blown treaty, given Republicans’ presumed opposition, so the Obama administration will push for a less sovereignty-challenging version of an international agreement.Regardless of what Americans believe or don’t believe, the average global temperatures have risen over the past several decades, according to well-regarded international scientific institutions. A study in 2013 of climate scientists who had published papers in peer-reviewed journals found that 97 percent of those who took a position on the causes of global warming agreed that human activity was partly to blame.The world’s sea level has been rising at roughly a tenth of an inch per year, according to satellite data collected since the 1990s, which threatens lowlands in places as different as South Florida and New York City. Life is getting hotter in arid places such as Texas, which has seen average daily temperatures rise by more than a half-degree per decade since 1970. Rainfall has grown more intense in the Midwest.Americans may disagree on why these things are happening and whether the weather will keep getting worse. But they’re happening. So, if legislative action is stymied that might reduce carbon emissions and thereby prevent the problem from getting worse, what can a greenhouse-baked populace do? The answer is: adapt. And with Washington dysfunctional, local governments and businesses around the country are taking innovative steps to do just that.These steps needn’t be partisan; at the local level, ideology gives way to practicality. In the frontline of extreme weather, people want an end to flooded basements, and they don’t much care much whether believers or nonbelievers, liberals or conservatives, supply the solutions. Judith Rodin, the president of the Rockefeller Foundation, has studied how cities can learn to bounce back. Local officials don’t need to believe in climate change to respond to it, she says. “The closer the elected official is to the ground and the more they are required to deliver every day,"" she explains, ""the less they focus on the causes and the more they’re focusing on the reality of these shocks and the fact that they need to prepare for them better.”Look at the small city of Dubuque, Iowa, forced into a $200 million public works project to alleviate flooding that scientists say has been aggravated by climate change. The Republican governor of Iowa sounds indecisive about whether the climate is warming and why, but an increase in sudden, heavy rainfalls during the past several decades finally persuaded Dubuque—with the state government's financial help—to take major steps to prevent the deluges that periodically wash out low-lying neighborhoods along the Mississippi River. When there’s a foot of water in your basement, climate change feels tangible—and smells.A climate event itself can often lead to better planning for extreme weather to come. Aside from the wake-up call for victims, there’s sometimes a practical return—money from the federal or state government. The Federal Emergency Management Agency estimates that every dollar spent to protect cities from weather-related damage would save $3 or $4 in recovery work.Once the waters have subsided, the experience sticks. Ask residents in Miami Beach. During the past decade, they’ve experienced an increase in sunny-day flooding, when seawater surges up through storm sewers. Bigger threats could lie ahead; a report by the Southeast Florida Regional Climate Change Compact, a bipartisan coalition of four coastal counties in southern Florida, found the sea could rise by as much as two feet by 2060, jeopardizing valuable shoreline property.“I think we are a great place to convert nonbelievers into believers on sea-level rise,” says Miami Beach Mayor Philip Levine, who is currently overseeing the completion of a $400 million project to ease flooding by raising 30 percent of the city's roads, installing pumps, and replenishing dunes, among other measures. The mayor is a registered Democrat but sees this as a nonpartisan issue. “When you look at that ocean, it’s not Republican, it’s not Democrat—it just knows how to rise,” he says.Environmental activists haven’t given up on the possibility of action to attack the problem at its source, by trying to halt or at least slow the changes in climate. Solar panels, electric cars, and recycling, not to mention political advocacy, can bring reductions in carbon emissions.But adapting to climate change seems likelier than preventing it. Evidence: A private marketplace is springing up. Take Patrick Bulot, a roofer in Houston, who isn’t particularly swayed one way or the other about the actuality or causes of global warming. Yet he has a patent pending for his “Texas Smart Roof” and has found a niche installing metal roofs meant to keep homes cooler during the city’s scorching summers. Bulot is no environmental crusader. But he’s an innovator, spurred on by the most replicable of motives—earning a buck.The original version of this story said that Bulot already holds the patent for the Texas Smart Roof.We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com."
25	0	"A rare Narwhal tusk found in an Ayrshire country house. Photo / Getty ImagesFor centuries Europeans sought out the ""unicorn horn"" - the long and straight tusk of the arctic-dwelling narwhal whale - for its perceived magical and curative capabilities.On Friday, the tusk did indeed wield a historic force, just not in the way the queens and kings who once collected the twisted and tapered ivory likely imagined.Instead, as the deadly knife attack unfolded on the London Bridge, a man, described in news reports as a Polish man named Luckasz, grabbed the nearest arms he could find for self-defense - a narwhal tusk - and headed to help stop the melee.The simple, heroic act in a way embodied the ancient lore of the large-than-life tusk.The attack began by Fishmongers' Hall, a historic building and events space on the London Bridge replete with famed fishing artifacts, two massive narwhal tusks included. The assailant, 28-year-old Usman Khan, had been at the hall attending a conference when he wielded a knife and fatally stabbed two people before police shot him dead.Amid the shock and horror, it struck many as quintessentially British the way the beloved ""unicorn horn"" suddenly surfaced to help ward off the attacker, said British historian and journalist Guy Walters.""There's something very British about fighting a terrorist with something as surreal as a narwhal tusk,"" he said. ""We don't carry weapons in this country. But we do have narwhal tusks around.""READ MORE:• London terror: Two killed, attacker shot dead after London Bridge stabbing• Shocking footage shows moment hero grabs knife from London Bridge attacker• Isis claims responsibility for London Bridge terror attack• London Bridge terror attack: How ordinary people became heroesWalters described the draw of the strange whale and its sharp tooth as ""enigmatic and weird.""""The beauty of narwhals is that they were always these really mysterious creatures,"" he said. ""For centuries no one really knew what they were. When they found these tusks they assumed that they were unicorns ... They became these incredibly sought-after items.""The tusk is in fact just a tooth but a rarity among whales for how long (up to 10 feet) and spirally straight it can grow. It's also incredibly strong and can cut through inches of wood, Walters said. The tusks primarily appear on males, who can sometimes even have two. Scientists have found that the tusk-of-a-tooth has up to 10 million nerve endings and sensory capabilities, as well as possible courtship uses.Still, there's much that remains mysterious about the blubbery whale and the majestic tooth projecting from it.As Katherine Rundell reported in the London Review of Books, ""Named rather ungallantly for the Old Norse word nar, meaning 'corpse', and hvalr, 'whale', after their mottled grey markings, narwhals are unicorn-like not just in their appendages, but in their elusiveness; they are one of the mammals about which we know least. They spend the winter months dodging dense pack ice, where humans cannot follow, and can swim a mile deep, twisting upside-down as they descend into pitch-black water.""Today, the whales are also under threat, as climate change causes the ice covers that they rely on for shelter and feeding to shrink.For centuries, Europeans sought comfort in superstitions and alchemy - the alluring unicorn and its aquatic counterpart, the narwhal whale, included.The tusks had long been part of Inuit culture. Then starting around 1000 AD, Viking traders began selling the tusks, which they found surfacing on the shores of places like Greenland, to other Europeans. Historians have found evidence of the tough tooth being fashioned into weapons for hunting and fighting.""The trade strengthened during the Middle Ages, when the unicorn became a symbol of Christ, and therefore an almost holy animal,"" reported Hadley Meares of the History Channel. ""By the Renaissance, unicorn horns had developed a reputation as a poison cure-all, and their cost inflated to ten times their weight in gold - or more.""Ivan the Terrible, the 16th-century Russian czar, had a ruby, diamond, sapphire and emerald encrusted narwhal tusk that he sought on his death bed, according to Rundell.Elizabeth I, also of the 16th century, reportedly had several, including one that would be valued at the equivalent of £2 million today, Walters said. Philip II of Spain tried to out-magic everyone by reportedly owning 12.To test the authenticity - and confirm the supernatural properties - of a ""unicorn horn,"" people used to break off or scratch the tip and then place spiders by it. In records of the test, the arachnids then died.In 2013 a man in Cornwall, England, named John Jeffries sold a narwhal tusk for £36,000  [$46,000 in today's rate] at an auction, according to Cornwall Live.But that wasn't all. ""The massive piece of ivory ... was presented to a sailor called Cornelius Fudge in 1881 ... More than a century later JK Rowling gave the same name to the Minister for Magic in her Hogwarts novels,"" Cornwall Live reported.Jeffries had bought the 2.5-meter-long tusk for just a couple thousands of pounds 40 years earlier, he said. But the enduring allure of the tusk - and perhaps the tie to Harry Potter - dramatically raised its value.Rowling sent Jeffries a letter, saying that she found the shared name ""utterly extraordinary!"" and ""had never come across"" the name's previous existence, according to the local news report.Indeed, the coincidence was almost like magic."
289	2	"""After careful consideration, we decided to review this matter further,"" the Commerce Department's Office of Inspector General wrote in a Friday letter to Democratic Sen. Mazie Hirono, who requested the investigation along with fellow Democratic Sens. Sheldon Whitehouse, Elizabeth Warren, Ed Markey and Richard Blumenthal.The New York Times first reported the investigation.The Washington Post reported earlier this month that the White House Office of Science and Technology had reassigned Trump appointees David Legates and Ryan Maue, both senior officials from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration who had been with OSTP since November, after it was discovered they posted the controversial documents on nongovernment websites. The papers used the imprint of the Executive Office of the President and noted they were copyrighted by OSTP even though the OSTP director never approved, The Post reported. Legates, the main author on the series of papers, according to the Post, is a longtime climate change skeptic who was originally appointed by the Trump administration to help run NOAA and soon after became the head of the US Global Change Research Program, which coordinates climate change research. "
197	4	"Fox News Flash top headlines for Oct. 8 are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.comA group of extreme climate change activists around the globe has brought parts of London, France, Germany, and Australia to a standstill as they aggressively push politicians to cut carbon emissions. In London alone, the actions of the Extinction Rebellion group led to 319 arrests and prompted British Prime Minister Boris Johnson to call the group ""uncooperative crusties.""""I am afraid that the security people didn't want me to come along tonight before they said the road was full of uncooperative crusties,"" Reuters quoted Johnson as saying during an event Monday night. Crusties is a British slang term for eco-protesters.""They said there was some risk I would be egged,"" he added.      Extinction Rebellion climate change protesters lie down and block the street on Millbank in London, Tuesday, Oct. 8, 2019. Hundreds of climate change activists camped out in central London on Tuesday during a second day of world protests by the Extinction Rebellion movement to demand more urgent actions to counter global warming. (AP Photo/Matt Dunham)      Protesters said they didn't think Johnson's name-calling helped the tense situation.""We're just ordinary people trying to express our deep disappointment with how slow the process of getting climate change action to occur is taking place, with the government not really listening, not really taking it forward on the scale it needs to be taken,"" Diane Jones told Reuters.      A climate change protester is arrested outside the Home Office in London, Tuesday, Oct. 8, 2019. Police are reporting they have arrested more than 300 people at the start of two weeks of protests as the Extinction Rebellion group attempts to draw attention to global warming. (AP Photo/Alastair Grant)      Climate protesters in Australia and New Zealand also blocked roads, entered banks and energy companies on Monday. In Sydney, police were seen dragging elderly people and men in suits through the crowds as massive groups blocked roads in and out of the city. In all, police in Australia arrested about 30 people.In Britain, the aim of the group is to force the country to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions to net-zero by 2025. Currently, Britain's target is 2050.      A demonstrator is arrested by police officers during in a climate protest near Parliament in London, Tuesday, Oct. 8, 2019. Police are reporting they have arrested more than 300 people at the start of two weeks of protests as the Extinction Rebellion group attempts to draw attention to global warming. (AP Photo/Kirsty Wigglesworth)      This isn't the first time there was a mass arrest in London over climate change. In April, the city was brought to a standstill after the same group caused havoc for three days in a row, climbing and gluing themselves on subway trains and other things to prompt road closures and disrupt daily life in London. The group was also responsible for a naked protest in the British Parliament."
11	3	"On average, fish are venturing into new territories at 69km per decade, a pace expected to continue and accelerate.Fish don't follow international boundaries or understand economic trade agreements. Different species live in regions all over the globe. If that wasn't complicated enough, they also migrate as they age.""It's like trying to raise cattle when you've taken down all the fences,"" says Karrigan Bork of the McGeorge School of Law, University of the Pacific, whose background includes a PhD in ecology. ""Except you can't even brand the fish. There's no way to know which fish is yours.""And in response to climate change, vital fisheries stocks such as salmon and mackerel are migrating without paperwork.According to a new study being published yesterday in Science Magazine, coastal countries need to collaborate even more on international fishing regulations to prevent misuse of resources. Food, environmental and economic securities are at stake, it warns.The study maps out the locations of fisheries and the national jurisdictions that govern them. The researchers' analysis is based on economic, legal, statistical and ecological data, which they used in sophisticated modelling to predict the future of international fisheries and to make recommendations for success.""This isn't some imaginary future threat,"" said Malin Pinsky, an assistant professor at Rutgers University, who helped lead researchers at six universities in a half-dozen countries as part of the Nippon Foundation-University of British Columbia Nereus Programme.Fisheries are critical to food security, jobs and economic stability. As far back as the 1600s, Great Britain and Iceland faced off over rights to the Atlantic cod; they negotiated their claims to the meaty half of fish and chips over the next several centuries. And after World War II, fishery disputes prompted militarised action in democratic countries. Navies were deployed. Protests were staged.Modern international fishing rights are further complicated as oceans warm because of climate change. According to Angee Doerr, a research scientist who specialises in fisheries at the Stanford Centre for Ocean Solutions, developing countries in tropical areas are particularly at risk. ""Equatorial countries are highly dependent on fish as a protein source,"" she said. As water temperatures increase, ""fish are moving to stay within their comfortable range"". This means they may be leaving their traditional waters altogether.But changes in a single fish species do not occur in a vacuum. They affect the entire food web, potentially altering the ecosystem for all species once one is affected. With increasing technology and computer modelling, however, scientists are getting closer to understanding what our future oceans may look like.Pinsky and his colleagues analysed 892 species of commercially important fish. They also examined 261 ""Exclusive Economic Zones"" - areas of the ocean where countries have jurisdiction under international law. Using this data plus complex climate models, which incorporated ocean temperature, currents and oxygen levels and other factors, the scientists created a map of global fisheries projections. They outlined the likelihood of specific stocks moving into new economic zones, depending on various climate scenarios.The study, which reflects an unusual combination of expertise from law, policy, economics, oceanography and ecology, suggests multispecies movement across dozens of countries' waters. On average, it says, fish are venturing into new territories at 69km per decade, a pace expected to continue and accelerate.Challenges will only increase, according to the researchers. One reason is that policymakers often move more slowly than the fish. The study identifies gaps in current international regulations for global fisheries, with the researchers expressing concern that limited attention is being paid to the cascading effect on the food chain.Bork agreed that the issues around global fish stocks are increasingly interdisciplinary and need scientists and lawmakers working together to address them.Neither he nor Doerr were involved in the new study.Conflicts can arise from just one new species entering a nation's waters, which suggests the potential for big problems in the future. The study predicts that areas with unclear international jurisdiction will be targets for conflict.Just this week in the South China Sea, fishing rights are being contested by Filipino officials, who say the Chinese coast guard is confiscating fish catches in disputed areas.But if fish stocks migrate to a new country before management is in place, there may be a period when the fish are literally lawless, meaning not governed by any entity.""A fishery that's shared for the first time is like two kids facing off for the last piece of cake. They'll race to grab it and get cake smeared all over the table,"" Pinsky said."
988	4	Will 2019 be remembered as the year in which climate change denial was defeated? The global climate strike, Greta Thunberg’s meteoric rise to international prominence, as well as several high-profile international conferences and reports – all contributed in putting climate skeptics on the back foot.Even Donald Trump, who previously claimed that the climate crisis was a “hoax” invented by China to hold back American industry, has recently begun to brag about all his administration has done to address it. Following suit, the rest of his party is scrambling to develop a coherent environmental platform, more in line with their electoral base’s shifting views.But the next steps in the global fight against the climate crisis remain far from clear. In the speech she delivered to US Congress in September, Thunberg maintained: “No matter how political the background to this crisis may be, we must not allow it to become a partisan political question. The climate and ecological crisis is beyond party politics. And our main enemy right now is not our political opponents. Our main enemy is physics.”While Thunberg’s intention was evidently to preserve the environmental movement’s unity and common resolve, this may paradoxically soon start to look like a new form of climate denial. As the issue rises to the top of everyone’s agenda, several difficult questions which were previously kept in the background – or indeed actively suppressed – by the environmental movement are becoming impossible to ignore.For one, no one seems quite clear what is the ultimate goal of the global fight against the climate crisis. Is it merely to enable constant economic growth in a sustainable way, or is it about imposing limits on humanity’s ambitions, in pursuit of a more harmonious relationship with nature?Even assuming that question can be settled, it remains to be determined what is the relationship – and whether there are any tradeoffs – between environmentalism’s overarching goal(s) and other potentially desirable ends, such as personal freedom, distributive justice and respect for established traditions and ways of life.Then there is the issue of means. Whether humanity chooses to fight the climate crisis through centralized, state-based efforts, decentralized market mechanisms, or individual and community-level changes in lifestyle has profound political and distributional consequences. So, it matters what decisions are made in this respect.Finally, even the relevant temporal horizon remains open to disagreement. Should we care about what happens in 10,000 years? A few generations? Or the immediate 20 years?Far from having straightforward answers, all these questions are inherently political, since they point to deep conflicts in values and interests. They delineate the contours of a new “politics of environmentalism” that is beginning to take shape as climate change rises to the top of humanity’s present concerns.We already see this new politics taking shape in emergent debates over competing proposals for addressing the climate crisis. Bernie Sanders’ and Alexandria Ocasio Cortez’s respective versions of the Green New Deal are very different from the proposal for a European Green Deal recently put forward by the new president of the European commission, Ursula von der Leyen.The first approach wants to connect the issue of the climate crisis with social justice, and advocates for a massive expansion in the role of the state to manage the transition to renewable energy. The second approach treats the issue of the climate crisis in isolation from other social and political issues, and proposes market rather than state mechanisms to address it.Nor are these the only two options on the table. Another prominent strand of contemporary environmentalism is the one heralded by Pope Francis in the 2015 encyclical letter Laudato Si, which folds the struggle against the climate crisis into a broader critique of the “modern myth of unlimited material progress” on the basis of a religiously inspired conception of the inherent rights of the “natural order”.While this chimes with radical ecology’s longstanding commitment to the idea of “de-growth”, it is also compatible with classical conservatism’s critique of modernity, which has traditionally stigmatized the hubris in humanity’s dream of complete domination over nature. Several ideas contained in the pope’s encyclical have in fact been taken up by more conservatively minded political and religious organizations, in an attempt to give greater resonance to the conceptual affinity between political conservatism and natural conservation.Even some strands of the nativist far right have begun to develop their own brand of environmentalism. The French Rassemblement National’s leader, Marine Le Pen, has sought to connect the problem of environmental degradation with her party’s broader opposition to globalization and immigration. This translates into a form of “green nationalism” focused on the protection of local cultures, products and traditions.This growing diversification of environmental positions is a sign that the movement as a whole is maturing. Environmentalists of all stripes are realizing that there remain important political decisions to be made even after climate crisis denial has been defeated.These decisions cannot be taken by purely technical or scientific means. On the contrary, the fact that the environmental movement has so far remained the preserve of a small technocratic elite has done more to invite populist backlashes than to further its own goals.It is a good thing that all the available options are now being laid bare, in order to better assess their relative merits in an open and democratic way. Whether we like it or not, the environmental movement is going to have to become more, not less, politicized, to keep up the momentum it has acquired so far.Carlo Invernizzi-Accetti is associate professor of political science at the City University of New York – City College
628	3	"It will be harder to combat dangerous climate change unless the government is prepared to change ""business as usual"" according to Greens senator Sarah Hanson-Young.Prime Minister Scott Morrison has disputed claims that there is a link between Australia's greenhouse gas emissions and the devastating bushfires ravaging large parts of the country.“Climate change is a global phenomenon and we’re doing our bit as part of the response to climate change – we’re taking action on climate change,” Mr Morrison said.Senator Hanson-Young said Mr Morrison's comments demonstrate he is a ""prime minister in denial"".""The cruel and harsh reality is that pollution is rising and with that comes worse climate change and worse conditions.""""The more [Morrison] denies, the more he digs in, the harder it is going to get."" just square brackets and full stops on the inside for full quotes "
233	3	"""Like most Fiji Islanders, growing up I did not have many opportunities to travel or see much of Fiji,"" says Aaron March. Although the photographer and Instagramer was born and raised in the island-nation's capital, Suva, it was not until he took up photography a few years ago that he finally got to travel the islands and appreciate the beauty of his homeland.""I fall more in love with Fiji everyday,"" he proclaims in his Instagram post for @dw_stories. The island nation is the host of the UN Climate Change Conference taking place November 6-17 in Bonn, Germany. During the two-week conference, Fiji presides over negotiations with delegates from 196 countries focused on implementing the Paris Agreement.Climate change in the spotlightFor Aaron March, the necessity of mitigating the impacts of climate change is readily visible along Fiji's eroded shorelines, in the small communities washed away by the oceans and in the snorkeler's dream destinations. While the country's climate conference delegates meet in Bonn to raise awareness for the plight of island nations, the photographer traveled across Fiji documenting the threats to his home for DW's Instagram account. The above picture gallery contains a selection of the photos. "
734	5	The world’s oceans have absorbed far more heat than previously estimated, suggesting global warming and climate change could accelerate faster than predicted, according to new research. The results suggest over the past 27 years, the world’s oceans have retained 60 per cent more heat each year than research teams had previously thought.This represents an enormous amount of additional energy stored on Earth, indicating the planet is far more sensitive to fossil-fuel emissions than past studies have shown.It also raises further serious doubts over whether current temperature goals – to limit the global temperature increase to 1.5C above pre-industrial levels – are attainable.If accurate, the study is likely to have a major impact on climate modelling, which has largely used lower estimates for the amount of energy stored in the oceans. Most previous models for ocean heat uptake have used data taken from the Argo Float programme, in which about 4,000 buoys drifting at around 1,000m below the surface of the oceans take temperature and other readings. It has been fully operational since 2007. Issues with the system are that it only measures the upper part of the ocean, and there remain huge gaps in coverage.But the new study provides a separate estimate with data going back to 1991, and uses “dependable” measurements of atmospheric oxygen (O2) and carbon dioxide (CO2) – levels of which increase as the ocean warms and releases gases – as a “whole-ocean thermometer”, the authors wrote.Read our full mailing list consent terms hereRead our full mailing list consent terms hereThe study, published in the journal Nature, says the world’s oceans took up more than 13 zettajoules – which is a joule, the standard unit of energy, followed by 21 zeroes – of heat energy each year between 1991 and 2016.This amounts to the oceans absorbing an amount of heat energy 150 times greater than the energy humans produce as electricity annually, over each year of the past quarter of a century.“We thought that we got away with not a lot of warming in both the ocean and the atmosphere for the amount of CO2 that we emitted,” lead author Dr Laure Resplandy of Princeton University, told The Washington Post. “But we were wrong. The planet warmed more than we thought. It was hidden from us just because we didn’t sample it right. But it was there. It was in the ocean already.” The study comes three weeks after scientists from the IPCC (Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change) commissioned by the United Nations issued the most urgent and far-reaching call yet for world governments to cut their greenhouse gas emissions and stop global warming.“It is a big concern,” Dr Resplandy said.“If you look at the IPCC 1.5C, there are big challenges ahead to keep those targets, and our study suggests it’s even harder because we close the window for those lower pathways,” she told the BBC. Scientists already know the ocean takes up roughly 90 per cent of all excess energy produced as the Earth warms, so calculating the actual amount of energy makes it possible to estimate the level of surface warming we can expect, said the study’s co-author Ralph Keeling, a Scripps Oceanography geophysicist.“The result significantly increases the confidence we can place in estimates of ocean warming and therefore helps reduce uncertainty in the climate sensitivity, particularly closing off the possibility of very low climate sensitivity,” Professor Keeling said.The findings suggest if governments are to prevent temperatures from rising above 2C, emissions of carbon dioxide, the chief greenhouse gas produced by human activities, must be reduced by 25 per cent compared to what was previously estimated, Dr Resplandy said.
655	3	"        In this Nov. 11, 2009 file photo, former Vice President Al Gore speaks during the Greenbuild International Conference and Expo in Phoenix. (AP)Former Vice President Al Gore is comparing the struggle to win over climate change skeptics to the fight against racism.When racist comments would come up in the course of conversations, “There came a time when people said, 'Hey man, why do you talk that way? That's wrong, I don't go for that, so don't talk that way around me. I just don't believe that,'” Gore said in an interview Friday with FearLess Revolution founder Alex Bogusky.""That happened in millions of conversations, and slowly the conversation was won,” Gore said. “And we still have racism, God knows, but it's so different now and so much better. And we have to win the conversation on climate.”Gore also wants people to give up meat and go organic to combat global warming.""Industrial agriculture is a part of the problem,” Gore said. “The shift toward a more meat-intensive diet,” the clearing of forest areas in many parts of the world in order to raise more cattle and the reliance on synthetic nitrogen for fertilizer are also problems, he added.Gore advocated organic farming and relying on “more productive, safer methods that put carbon back in the soil” to produce “safer and better food.”Gore also railed against the mining industry, calling mountaintop-removal mining a “horrible practice” that is “just incredibly harmful to the environment and to people.”Click here for Al Gore's entire FearLess Revolution interview"
242	3	"Buckle up. Credits: Video: The Project; Image: GettyMost people have probably been on a bumpy flight - but every now and then, it can get dangerous.""Strap in tight,"" - is advice from scientist who says turbulence is about to get worse. The headlines speak for themselves. Last week, an Air Canada ""passenger jet rocked by sudden and severe turbulence"" left 35 people injured, ABC reports.""You just watched everybody's head in the plane just hit the roof, like a jack in a box,"" one passenger said to US media.A flight from Kosovo to Switzerland also made headlines last month after a passenger videoed the extreme turbulence sending belongings and passengers flying throughout the cabin.Closer to home, passengers on a flight from Auckland to Dubai last week described the sudden violent shaking of the plane, causing heads to hit the ceiling. ""Passengers are up in the air, face first. Next thing I know, a guy crawls over. He's like, 'why are you covered in blood?'"" Emirates passenger Abby Milner told The Project.So why is turbulence so sudden and unexpected - surely pilots should be able to avoid it?Paul Williams, an atmospheric science professor, told The Project turbulence can often sneak up on unsuspecting passenger jets.""[Some encounters are examples of] clear air turbulence... are completely invisible. Not to be seen out of a cockpit window, literally out of the blue,"" Williams says.The increasing prevalence of violent turbulence in the news may not be a coincidence.""Less than one percent of the atmosphere at 35,000 feet has moderately strong turbulence in it,"" says Williams.""Of course, we think climate change is going to cause it a lot stronger and a lot more frequent in the future.""Williams believes some parts of the world will see three times the current amount of turbulence within a lifetime.Air New Zealand says following instructions while flying ensures your best chances of withholding any sudden jolts which aeroplanes are used to. ""The aircraft has been designed to withstand the turbulence. Putting your seatbelt on, even when the sign is off, is a really smart thing to do,"" Captain Hugh Pearce, deputy chief pilot at Air New Zealand, told The Project.Unfortunately, New Zealand is particularly vulnerable to increased turbulence.""The expectation is for our jet streams to change, and the way the wind moves around the earth to change. It could increase the turbulence we experience in the air,"" says meteorologist Ben Noll.""We are susceptible to turbulence because we have two jet streams around us. Converging arrows indicate an area where we might see turbulence, sometimes even clear air turbulence where there are quickly changing wind directions,"" Noll explains.To summarise, climate change is seemingly set to impact the frequency and intensity of turbulence and invisible turbulence.For the feeble flyer, perhaps embracing the 'staycation' is a good idea.""We have seen serious injuries related to turbulence increase. As jet streams are expected to change overtime - that number may continue to rise,"" says Noll.So buckle up, and get ready for a bumpy ride."
276	3	FAIR BLUFF, N.C. — It’s been almost five years since Hurricane Matthew flooded this small town on the coastal plain of North Carolina. But somehow, the damage keeps getting worse.The storm submerged Main Street in four feet of water, destroyed the town hall, the police and fire departments, and flooded almost a quarter of its homes. After two weeks underwater, the roads buckled. The school and grocery store shut, then didn’t reopen. When Hurricane Florence submerged the same ground two years later, in 2018, there was little left to destroy.What started as a physical crisis has become an existential one. The town’s only factory, which made vinyl products, closed a few months after Matthew. The population of around 1,000 fell by about half. The federal government tried to help, buying the homes of people who wanted to leave, but those buyouts meant even less property tax, tightening the fiscal noose.Al Leonard, the town planner, who is responsible for its recovery, said his own job may have to be eliminated, and maybe the police department, too.Climate shocks are pushing small rural communities like Fair Bluff, many of which were already struggling economically, to the brink of insolvency. Rather than bouncing back, places hit repeatedly by hurricanes, floods and wildfires are unraveling: residents and employers leave, the tax base shrinks and it becomes even harder to fund basic services.That downward spiral now threatens low-income communities that were in the path of Hurricane Ida and those hit by the recent flooding in Tennessee — hamlets regularly pummeled by storms that are growing more frequent and destructive because of climate change.Their gradual collapse means more than just the loss of identity, history and community. The damage can haunt those who leave, since they often can’t sell their old homes at a price that allows them to buy something comparable in a safer place. And it threatens to disrupt neighboring towns and cities as the new arrivals push up demand for housing.The federal government has struggled to respond, often taking years to provide disaster funds. And those programs sometimes work at cross purposes, paying some people to rebuild while paying their neighbors to leave.Fair Bluff is small-town idyllic, nestled among fields of corn and tobacco near the South Carolina border, shielded from the Lumber River by a narrow bank of tupelo gum, river birch and bald cypress trees. But its main road offers a sobering glimpse of what climate change could mean for communities that can’t defend themselves.On a recent afternoon, the sidewalks were empty and the storefronts abandoned, their interiors smashed up and littered with trash, doors ajar. The roof of one building had collapsed, a battered American flag stuck in the debris; inside other buildings were ransacked shelves, plastic containers full of Christmas decorations, an upside-down tricycle. Speakers on a Methodist church played recorded hymns for no one.Some stores were strewn with cleaning supplies and half-full garbage bags, as if shopkeepers had first tried to fix the flood damage before giving up.“If you look at what the folks here called downtown, really the only business that came back was the U.S. Post Office,” said Mr. Leonard, who splits his time between Fair Bluff and four other towns, none of which can afford a full-time employee on their own.It’s no coincidence that small towns in eastern North Carolina are among the first in the country to face an existential threat from climate change. Many were already struggling from the decline of the tobacco and textile industries, and the area’s flat terrain makes it especially vulnerable to flooding from powerful hurricanes that are coming more often. Between 1954 and 2016, North Carolina was hit by 19 hurricanes severe enough to produce a federal disaster declaration, about one every three years. By contrast, four hurricanes have cleared that bar since 2018.Mr. Leonard described Fair Bluff’s hopeful plan: Buy the ruined stores downtown, tear them down, clean up the land and turn it into a park that can flood safely. Build a new downtown a few blocks east on land that is less likely to flood. Rebuild, revive and regain what has been lost.But the town can’t afford any of it.“We were a small town before the hurricanes, we’re much smaller after the hurricanes,” Mr. Leonard said. The median household income is $20,000 a year; many residents are retired, and just one-third have jobs. “Fair Bluff’s recovery will go as far as someone else’s money will take us.”That strategy has half worked. The town won grants to rebuild in bits and pieces, repairing some roads and the drinking water system. Last spring, the Economic Development Administration, part of the U.S. Department of Commerce, announced $4.8 million to build a small business center. A company that makes pipes has said it would open a factory in Fair Bluff.But clearing the old downtown could cost $10 million — money Fair Bluff doesn’t have, said Mr. Leonard. And while the E.D.A. is funding a new commercial building, other federal agencies are paying for residents to leave — residents who might have been customers for those new shops.After Hurricane Matthew, the Federal Emergency Management Agency is paying to buy 34 houses in the town in order to demolish them — a process that can take years. Only 14 have been purchased so far; the rest should be sold sometime in the next year. FEMA’s rules require that no new homes be constructed on that property, taking it off the real estate tax rolls.Buyouts protect people by getting them out of homes likely to flood, said David Maurstad, head of insurance and mitigation at FEMA. But he acknowledged it makes it harder for towns to stay economically viable. “That’s a real challenge for communities,” he said.State officials offered to buy another 35 houses in Fair Bluff, this time with money from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development. To persuade the town, the officials brought a map with a shaded area, showing the homes they said couldn’t reasonably be protected against future floods.Those homeowners, the state argued, should have the chance to leave.The shaded area covered nine blocks in the middle of town. It would have carved a hole in Fair Bluff, which is only three square miles, setting aside land that could never be rebuilt upon. The town refused.More buyouts would make it even harder for the town to survive financially, Mr. Leonard said. “Those folks have decided to stay in Fair Bluff,” he said. “Who are we to say, ‘We want you to leave?’”But in interviews, some residents said that if another storm struck, they wouldn’t come back.A few blocks south of Main Street, Barbara Vereen lives in a modest white house. After Hurricane Matthew, Ms. Vereen, 64, moved in with relatives while her flooded house was repaired. Then came Hurricane Florence, displacing her another six months.From a chair on her front porch, she pointed to the neighboring houses, most of them waiting to be torn down. “Ain’t gonna be that many people on this street,” she said. If another flood comes, Ms. Vereen said, she’ll join her neighbors and leave.The mayor of Fair Bluff is Billy Hammond, who works as an undertaker at the local funeral home. He said he thinks the town can regain some population within the next decade — if another storm doesn’t hit.“If we would have another flood, and lose 200 people,” he said, “we would be in dire need.”Adapting to climate change in the United States arguably comes down to a brutal decision: When to build back, and when to help move people away from threats that are only getting worse.The first option is becoming more expensive and less effective as disasters mount. The second option is usually too painful to even consider.In 2016, the Obama administration set up a working group among agencies that handle disaster policy and recovery, including FEMA, HUD and the Army Corps of Engineers, asking them to devise a coordinated approach for what experts call managed retreat — relocating entire communities from areas that can’t be protected.But that work stopped under President Donald J. Trump and hasn’t resumed.Instead, agencies continue to pursue their own programs, even if they conflict with each other.Halfway between Raleigh and the Atlantic coast is Princeville, the first town in America chartered by freed slaves. Princeville was built at a spot where the Tar River veers through a 90-degree bend, creating a natural choke point when hurricanes flush the river with rain.In 1967, the Army Corps of Engineers built a levee in Princeville; three decades later, flooding from Hurricane Floyd overwhelmed that levee, damaging or destroying the town’s 1,000 homes. In 2016, Hurricane Matthew flooded Princeville again.As residents left and tax revenue shrank, so did the town’s role in daily life. The county took over policing, as well as water and sewer services and tax collection. A contractor handles trash pickup.Bobbie Jones, the mayor of Princeville, said he wanted to bring residents and businesses back so the town could provide those services again.“When we are doing things for ourselves, we take more pride in it,” Mr. Jones said. “The oldest town chartered by Blacks in America — we want to make sure that everything that all other towns have, that we have the same services for ourselves.”After Floyd, FEMA offered to buy every home; town officials refused. After Matthew, Congress tried a new approach, directing the Corps to build a $40 million system of levees and other flood protections.But as the Corps plans the new levee, FEMA and HUD have begun providing people with money to leave. Since Matthew, FEMA is paying for the state to buy and tear down 22 homes. HUD is paying to buy another 27, and more could follow.Laura Hogshead leads the North Carolina Office of Recovery and Resiliency, which manages disaster money the state gets from HUD. She said that buying out homes in Princeville, at the same time as another agency builds a new levee to protect those homes, may require reconsideration.“If we are seeing significant numbers of people who want to stay in Princeville, then I want them to be protected,” Ms. Hogshead said. “If everyone’s going to move, then that’s a different conversation.”Fifty miles south of Princeville is a warning about what happens when people leave and don’t return.All that’s left of the town of Seven Springs is a few dozen buildings on the south bank of the Neuse River, land that rises gently to a highway a few hundred feet away. The effect is like a bathtub — which is what the town became when Hurricane Floyd sent the Neuse over its banks in 1999. Hurricane Matthew flooded the town again in 2016, Hurricane Florence repeated the damage in 2018.Floyd cut the population of Seven Springs by about half; Matthew cut it again. Of the 30 or so houses left between the river and the highway, maybe a dozen are still occupied, said Stephen Potter, the mayor. The population, which peaked at 207 in 1960, had dwindled to 55 by last year.The main street consists largely of abandoned businesses: the old Southern Bank branch, a general store, a restaurant. The town can’t condemn partially collapsed buildings because it can’t afford to tear them down and clear the debris, Mr. Potter said.The town budget has fallen to $50,000 a year; to make ends meet, it has been dipping into reserves. Mr. Potter’s strategy is to turn one of the town’s empty lots into a campsite big enough for two recreational vehicles, which visitors to a nearby state park could use when that park’s main R.V. site fills up.“Now, what happens when we have another catastrophic flood? I don’t know,” Mr. Potter said. “I really don’t want to be the mayor that presides over the death of Seven Springs.”Still, the town keeps shrinking. Ms. Hogshead approached Seven Springs with a map showing which houses couldn’t be protected and so were eligible for buyouts. It included almost all the land between the river and the highway. So far, 12 homeowners have signed up.“I remember the town when it was thriving,” said Alan Cash, a 46-year-old electrician who works in Raleigh, an hour and a half away. “It’s very sad to see what it’s become.”Mr. Cash said he had declined a buyout because it wouldn’t be enough money for a similar house elsewhere, adding that most of his neighbors who did accept them wound up in mobile home parks along the highway. “It is really a step down,” he said.He described how the series of floods had shrunken Seven Springs: With each flood, more people leave. The tax base shrinks. Those who stay lose the will to improve their properties, knowing that they’ll likely flood again.“I don’t know that it’s really going to take the next flood to kill it,” Mr. Cash said of Seven Springs. “But if another flood happens, it’s definitely gone.”
77	4	Three-in-four Britons say they are worried about climate change and its implications for them and their families, new data reveals today.The Office for National Statistics found that 75 per cent of the public are concerned about environmental damage, including almost a third who say they are 'very worried'.Additionally, more than four-in 10 (43 per cent) told its Opinions and Lifestyle Survey the state of the planet was making them 'anxious'.The numbers were released today as the UK hosts the UN's Cop26 summit in Glasgow.They showed that concern about the climate change is higher among the young middle aged, those between 35 and 49, than it is among younger groups - though those aged 25-34 are more likely to be very worried.And men are less likely to be worrying about the state of the planet than women. Just a fifth (19 per cent) of those polled said they were not worried about climate change.  The Office for National Statistics found that 75 per cent of the public are concerned about the environment, including almost a third who say they are 'very worried'.The numbers were released today as the UK hosts the UN's Cop26 summit in Glasgow.The report noted: 'Adults who reported being worried about the impact of climate change were three times more likely to have made a lot of changes to their lifestyle in response to the issue than those who were relatively unworried.'Overall, 81 per cent of adults told the ONS they had made some or a lot of lifestyle changes to help tackle climate change, with just 19 per cent having made none. Youth activists are taking to the streets of Glasgow today to demand action on climate change from leaders and politicians as the Cop26 talks continue.Campaigner Greta Thunberg, fellow activist Vanessa Nakate and other young campaigners, as well as local trade unionists, will speak to crowds at the end of the march through the city where the UN summit is being held.The climate strike organised by Fridays for Future Scotland, with participants marching from Kelvingrove Park to George Square, comes as the Cop26 talks feature events highlighting the voice of young people and education in climate action.An estimated 8,000 to 10,000 people are expected to take part in the march.
916	4	Microplastic particles equivalent to as many as 300m plastic water bottles are raining down on the Grand Canyon, Joshua Tree and other US national parks, researchers have found.In a survey of 11 remote western locations, also including the Great Basin and Craters of the Moon national parks, researchers discovered more than 1,000 metric tons of microplastic particles that had traveled through the atmosphere like rain or water particles.Most microplastics are fragments from larger pieces of plastic. Since plastics aren’t biodegradable, plastics that end up in waste piles or landfills break down into microparticles and make their way through the Earth’s atmosphere, soil and water systems.Janice Brahney, lead researcher and professor of watershed sciences at Utah State University, calls this process “plastic spiraling” – and some microplastics have been traveling through natural systems for a long periods. “Plastics could be deposited, readmitted to the atmosphere, transported for some time, deposited and maybe picked up again,” Brahney said. “And who knows how many times and who knows how far they’ve travelled?”Brahney’s team found that so-called wet microplastics, named for the way they are transported via wet atmospheric conditions, had most likely been disturbed by a storm and swept up into the atmosphere, and originated in larger urban areas. Dry microplastics, by contrast, mimicked the dispersal patterns of dust patterns and traveled long distances, often across continents. Brahney warned that new findings show an urgent need to reduce plastic pollution. Although their full effects on the human body are still unknown, scientists are starting to raise public health concerns over microplastic particles: they’re small enough to lodge into lung tissue, which causes lesions and, in some cases of routine exposure, asthma and cancer. A 2019 study found that in an urban Danish apartment, the average person inhaled about 11 microplastic particles per hour.Scientists have also linked microplastic particles to fluctuations in soil thermal properties, leading to losses in plant life. Brahney believes that his research is just the beginning of understanding how microplastics move through ecosystems. “Learning about plastics and how they don’t decompose and degrade it seems like, ‘Oh my gosh, we should’ve been expecting this, they’re just fragmenting into these tiny sizes they could certainly be carried by the wind,’” Brahney said.“We’ve just been missing it,” she added.
698	4	"Alarming headlines regarding the climate crisis often overshadow positive actions taken by citizens around the world, but that doesn't mean they're not happening.They are, and sometimes with considerable success. DW looks at some civil society victories.I. Blocking fossil fuelsDespite scientific warnings, governments and companies continue to green light fossil fuel projects around the world. But in many instances, these authorizations are accompanied by protests.1. Hema thermal power plantEarlier this year, after more than a decade of vocal opposition to the planned Hema thermal power plant, villagers in the coastal Turkish region of Amasra welcomed a court ruling that rejected its construction. Locals had not only feared the destruction of their land, but also the impacts on their health and that of their children. The win is a milestone for Turkish climate activists, whose struggle to stop the expansion of fossil fuel plants in the country still has a long way to go.2. Rocky Hill open-cut mineLocals around the Australian town of Gloucester experienced similar satisfaction when a national court rejected a plan to build the Rocky Hill open-cut coal mine on the basis that it would increase greenhouse gas emissions at a time when they needed to be reduced. It took those involved in fighting the plans about a decade to achieve success.The judge said the negative impacts outweighed its economic and public benefits. Australia is the fourth largest coal producer in the world.3. Hambach ForestGermany has become the setting for one of the most iconic fights against coal mining in Europe.Hundreds of people have spent five years living in tree houses in a bit to prevent a tiny fraction of the Hambach forest in North Rhine-Westphalia from being razed for the expansion of a nearby open-pit coal mine that has already devoured dozens of villages and 90% of the forest.In 2018, the anti-coal movement brought together thousands of people in Germany's biggest climate march. A few months later, authorities agreed on a moratorium on logging. Only until 2020, however, so theirs is a bittersweet victory.4. Divesting moneyMore and more people are demanding that investors, such as faith-based organizations and pension funds, withdraw their financial support from fossil fuel projects. The global divestment movement has convinced over 1,000 institutions to commit to divesting from oil, coal and gas companies. This translates to almost $8 trillion (€7 trillion) less in assets from fossil fuel investments.""The momentum has been driven by a people-powered grassroots movement, ordinary people on every continent pushing their local institutions to take a stand against the fossil fuel industry and for a world powered by 100% renewable energy,"" the NGO 350.org says.II. Thousands coming togetherClimate protests have long been a niche for dedicated eco warriors, but this year, they've become increasingly mainstream. 1. Fridays for FutureKids who go on strike to protect their future are becoming the new normal. The Fridays for Future movement has managed to capture everyone's attention — in a way that not even the iconic images of starving polar bears achieved.It all began with Swedish teenager Greta Thunberg skipping school on Fridays to take a lone stand outside her country's parliament. That singular action has since spurred hundreds of thousands of young people worldwide to participate in Friday school strikes calling for decisive climate action.2. Extinction RebellionIn early 2019, a mass civil disobedience campaign emerged on the streets of London. The protest group, which includes members of all ages and walks of life, occupied iconic sites in the English capital and saw some of its number strip off inside parliament.A week of disruptive actions in April led to the arrest of more than 1,000 people, but it also scored the group considerable global attention. The movement has since expanded to more than 30 countries.3. We Are Still InUS President Donald Trump's intention to withdraw from the Paris Agreement came as a shock, but US American civil society quickly recovered. They gathered strength and created the We Are Still In coalition.Since then, the group has tripled in size and now totals over 3,500 institutions, including local governments, faith communities, businesses and universities.The group has generated hundreds of climate commitments, businesses have pledged to meet climate targets and over 100 US cities have committed to switching to 100% percent renewable energy.III. The climate crisis goes to courtGlobally, more than a thousand court cases are demanding governments and polluters comply with laws to protect citizens. Some have already achieved success.1. The Urgenda caseIn 2015, a group of Dutch citizens decided to hold their government accountable for contributing to climate change.In a landmark ruling, a court in the Hague ordered the Netherlands government to cut greenhouse-gas emissions in the country by at least 25% within five years. However, the Dutch government appealed the decision and a final decision is now expected from the Netherlands' Supreme Court.Whatever happens, the Urgenda case is seen by many as the climate's greatest legal milestone. It has inspired lawsuits across the world..2. Waorani against oilEarlier this year, Ecuador's Waorani indigenous people celebrated a court ruling that suspends the sale of the community's territory in the remote Amazon for the pursuit of oil extraction. The result came after more than five years of opposition from the indigenous group.This victory could also mark a turning point for other indigenous communities struggling to defend their land rights and oppose oil exploration."
444	5	"Climate change is driving the scale and impact of recent wildfires that have raged in California, say scientists.Their analysis finds an ""unequivocal and pervasive"" role for global heating in boosting the conditions for fire. California now has greater exposure to fire risks than before humans started altering the climate, the authors say.Land management issues, touted by President Donald Trump as a key cause, can't by themselves explain the recent infernos.The worst wildfires in 18 years have raged across California since August.They have been responsible for more than 30 deaths and driven thousands of people from their homes. The cause of the fires have become a political football, with California Governor Gavin Newsom blaming climate change for the conflagrations.President Trump, on the other hand, has dismissed this argument, instead pointing to land management practices as the key driver. Now, a review of scientific research into the reasons for these fires suggests rising temperatures are playing a major role. Earlier this year, the same research team published a review of the origins of Australia's dramatic fires that raged in the 2019-2020 season.That study showed that climate change was behind an increase in the frequency and severity of fire weather - defined as periods of time with a higher risk of fire due to a combination of high temperatures, low humidity, low rainfall and high winds.The new review covers more than 100 studies published since 2013, and shows that extreme fires occur when natural variability in the climate is superimposed on increasingly warm and dry background conditions resulting from global warming.""In terms of the trends we're seeing, in terms of the extent of wildfires, and which have increased eight to ten-fold in the past four decades, that trend is driven by climate change,"" said Dr Matthew Jones from the University of East Anglia in Norwich, UK, who led the review. ""Climate change ultimately means that those forests, whatever state they're in, are becoming warmer and drier more frequently,"" he told BBC News. ""And that's what's really driving the kind of scale and impact of the fires that we're seeing today.""In the 40 years from 1979 to 2019, fire weather conditions have increased by a total of eight days on average across the world. However, in California the number of autumn days with extreme wildfire conditions has doubled in that period.The authors of the review conclude that ""climate change is bringing hotter, drier weather to the western US and the region is fundamentally more exposed to fire risks than it was before humans began to alter the global climate"".The researchers acknowledge that fire management practices in the US have also contributed to the build-up of fuel. Normally, fire authorities carry out controlled burnings in some areas to reduce the amount of fuel available when a wildfire strikes - but these have also suffered as a result of rising temperatures. ""When you do prescribed burns, you can only do it when the conditions aren't too hot and dry, because you need to be able to control the fire,"" said Prof Richard Betts from the UK Met Office and the University of Exeter who was part of the review team.""But once you've passed the point where you've got hot, dry conditions for much of the year, you've lost your opportunity to do lots of prescribed burnings. So that makes matters worse and makes the land management challenge even greater.""Another factor in California has been the encroachment of human settlements into forested areas. This has put many more homes at risk of these blazes.Between 1940 and 2010, there was around a 100-fold increase in the number of houses built in dangerous fire zones in the western US.""It's like building on floodplains as well, you know, people are putting themselves in harm's way, based on past statistics, which are no longer true,"" said Prof Betts. ""The past is no longer a guide to the future, for flooding and for fire and lots of other ways in which climate change is played out.""The researchers say that the conditions for wildfire are likely to continue to grow into the future, and according to Dr Jones, the resulting fires will likely get worse. ""It's pointing towards increases in fire weather that become increasingly intense, widespread and dramatic in the future,"" he said.""And the more that we can do to limit the degree to which temperatures rise, is fundamental to how frequently we see dangerous fire weather in the future.""Full details of the review can be found here. "
594	4	"Derek Cheng is a political reporter for the New Zealand HeraldLabour Party leader Jacinda Ardern is brushing off Judith Collins' claim that the Labour leader lied over Covid-19 testing at the border.And Ardern has fired some verbal barbs of her own, calling the National Party leader ""morally wrong"" on climate change, ""desperate"" with her ongoing claims about the Greens' wealth tax, and ""simplistic"" in her comments about personal responsibility and obesity.With only four days left until polling day, the war of words between the leaders of Labour and National is showing no signs of slowing down.Ardern and Collins both spent the day in the Wellington region, shoring up the campaigns of local candidates in marginal seats including Hutt South.This morning Collins told media that Ardern had lied over the testing of border-facing workers and she hoped the Labour leader would sue her because she was ""happy to prove it"".And Collins continued to raise the scenario of Labour folding to the Greens and adopting their wealth tax in post-election negotiations.Ardern has repeatedly dismissed this as ""fiction"" and ""misinformation"", and she did so again today.""I have said the same thing on this policy no less than probably 50 times. I have ruled it out,"" Arden said.""What you're seeing from the National Party, frankly, is desperate.""She dismissed being called a liar over testing at the border as ""Opposition politics"".The Government had said on June 23 that all border-facing workers would be regularly tested, and Ardern had said publicly that it was taking place.When she found out during the second outbreak that it wasn't happening, she brought in Heather Simpson and Sir Brian Roche to ensure the testing was implemented.Asked about Collins' comments on obesity - she said it was an individual issue and people should take personal responsibility - Ardern said there were many contributing factors.""If you're so simplistic simply to call it an issue of personal responsibility, then it's never going to be an issue that we collectively resolve,"" Ardern said.""It's wrong. If you listen to those who work in this space, those who are experts, they would reject that - and so would I.""Ardern's sentiment is supported by Massey University fat studies' scholar Dr Cat Pause, who said Collins' comments were ""heartless"".Ardern also responded to Collins' suggestion yesterday that the Labour leader was subservient to the Greens when it came to coalition talks.""I'm not someone who takes chocolate biscuits to the bargaining table to show subservience,"" Collins said.Ardern: ""I brought ginger loaf [in 2017 talks]. And that's just good baking.""Ardern started her day in Petone with a visit to the Abstract Design factory, where she watched laser cutting technology in action and played with wooden cut-out figurines of herself, partner Clarke Gayford and Grant Robertson.She then visited Queensgate Shopping Centre, where she was welcomed by cheers from hundreds of supporters.Watching the masses around Ardern moving slowly through the mall, Tania Singh said the attention was understandable because of New Zealand's Covid-free status.""I have siblings all over the world and New Zealand is where they all want to be.""Lynette Frost was one of hundreds who waited patiently for a selfie.""I love Jacinda but my vote went a different way. I'm an old farm girl. I support the farmers.""Accompanying Ardern was Labour MP and candidate Ginny Anderson, who is hoping to turn the Hutt South seat red.It is held by National MP Chris Bishop, who beat Anderson in 2017 with a 1530 vote margin.This morning Bishop re-committed to the Grenada to Petone link road, but Anderson said she wanted to see a business case for the road.Ardern then headed to Victoria University where she told hundreds of students and party supporters not to follow her footsteps - she had dropped out of Victoria.She used her speech to attack Collins - without naming her - on climate change.Collins has repeatedly talked about New Zealand's tiny contribution to global emissions - 0.17 per cent.""Anyone who argues that our small contribution to emissions means it doesn't matter what we do is wrong,"" Ardern said.""They are morally wrong.""She likened it to New Zealand's nuclear-free stance in the 1980s, which was taken even though nuclear weapons were ""of no direct link to us"".""We stand up in the same way on climate change and say, 'Everyone has a moral obligation to act.'""But especially in the Pacific. If we do not see action on climate change, we are essentially telling our Pacific neighbours that they do not matter and we will never do that.""Ardern had sought to portray climate change as a key point of difference between her and Collins, and repeated today that New Zealand needed to play a role and trade on its ""clean, green"" brand. She told the rally the election was about trust, and people should vote for ""a government they can believe in""."
67	2	Fleeing to “higher ground” isn’t an adaptation policy.During the primary debates, Democratic candidates repeatedly accused each other of using “Republican talking points.”But it was Andrew Yang who actually deployed a hyper-conservative argument on Wednesday night—albeit one that had somehow time traveled from the year 2080.Asked in very general terms about his climate-change plan, Yang, a former technology executive, made a few points. Almost all of them were terrible.“The important number in this is 15 percent of global emissions,” Yang began, referring to the U.S. share of overall carbon pollution. “We like to act as if we’re 100 percent. Even if we were to curb our emissions dramatically, the Earth is going to get warmer. The last four years have been the four warmest years in history. We are too late. We are 10 years too late.”Okay, let’s stop there. Yang is correct about a number of facts here. The United States does emit about 15 percent of the world’s carbon pollution. Even if the U.S. cut emissions now, the world would keep getting warmer. (That would be true even if the entire world cut carbon emissions, by the way—the thing about filling the atmosphere with greenhouse gases is that they will keep mindlessly capturing heat until they are absorbed or dissolve.) Yang is also right that some climate change is already baked in: The planet has already warmed by about 1 degree Celsius.Read: No ecosystem on Earth is safe from climate changeYang sees those facts, collectively, as a condemnation. “We are too late,” he intones. “We are 10 years too late.”With some due respect: What the hell? Yang has taken several nominally true sentences and strung them together into a dangerous argument. Sure, we’re too late to avoid some amount of climate change taking hold. We will need to adapt to climate change—and frankly, few leaders talk enough about adaptation. (Several candidates onstage last night, including Washington Governor Jay Inslee and former Vice President Joe Biden, have adaptation plans.) But the game is not lost. The planet could still follow a range of emission outcomes, including a not very bad one and a catastrophic worst-case scenario. The worst, fastest sea-level rise seems like it may kick in between two and three degrees Celsius—and extraordinary action could yet hold that off.Nor is the United States’ 15 percent share of global emissions reason for despair. First of all, the U.S. is the second-largest producer of carbon emissions. Second, there is a good response available to America’s emissions—and Yang, a former tech worker, should know it. The United States must develop decarbonization technologies here that can be sold or transferred to the rest of the world. That is why so many candidates stress the importance of R&D and why Inslee and Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts have talked about green manufacturing. This was not the end of Yang’s argument. “We need to do everything we can to start moving the climate in the right direction,” he continued, “but we also need to start moving our people to higher ground—and the best way to do that is to put economic resources into your hands so you can protect yourself and your families.”Read: Climate change is already damaging American democracyMaybe I’m overreacting. Maybe Yang is just very good at staying on message. He is, after all, referring to his signature proposal, a universal basic income that would assure every American $1,000 a month. And, like, … sure … I guess. It is true—it is obviously true—that people who have more money will be less vulnerable to any one disaster. And people who are facing disaster should have more money. Protection from vulnerability is basically what wealth is.But handing out money is not an adaptation policy. And $1,000 a month is not a good response to losing your house to higher sea levels, which is the malady Yang seems to be implying. It is certainly not a collective adaptive approach to the challenge of climate change.Think about it this way. Asked about climate change on national television, Yang said that climate change is an inexorable problem, that the U.S. can’t do much of anything about it, and that if the seas take your house—that is, if a problem outside your control deprives you of your most expensive asset—then the government shouldn’t do anything specifically to help you. That is quite an argument. It does not strike me as one well chosen for a party whose voters care about climate change and who are moving to the left.
89	3	If your Friday night dinner is always fish and chips, you may want to prepare yourself for shrinking portion sizes.A new study suggests that fish could shrink in size by 20 to 30 per cent if ocean temperatures rise by just 2°C (3.6°F) - approximately what is expected to occur around the world by the mid-21st century.The researchers claim that smaller fish will have an impact on fishery production as well as the interaction between organisms in the ecosystems.Scroll down for video A new study suggests that fish could shrink in size by 20 to 30 per cent if ocean temperatures continue to climb due to climate change. Pictured is a diagram explaining why fish shrink as temperatures riseAs cold-blooded animals, fish cannot regulate their own body temperatures.When their waters get warmer, their metabolism accelerates and they need more oxygen to sustain their body functions.There is a point where the gills cannot supply enough oxygen for a larger body, so the fish just stops growing larger.As fish grow into adulthood, their demand for oxygen increases because their body mass becomes larger.But the surface area of the gills – where oxygen is obtained – doesn't grow at the same pace as the rest of the body.Dr Pauly calls this set of principles the 'gill-oxygen limitation theory.' And in the context of climate change, this biological rule reinforces the prediction that fish will shrink and will be even smaller than thought in previous studies.While previous studies have suggested that fish are shrinking because of rising temperatures, none have been able to explain why.But a new study by researchers at the University of British Columbia provides a deeper explanation of why fish are expected to decline in size.Dr William Cheung, one of the author of the study, said: 'Fish, as cold-blooded animals, cannot regulate their own body temperatures.'When their waters get warmer, their metabolism accelerates and they need more oxygen to sustain their body functions.'There is a point where the gills cannot supply enough oxygen for a larger body, so the fish just stops growing larger.'As fish grow into adulthood, their demand for oxygen increases because their body mass becomes larger, according to the Dr Daniel Pauly, lead author of the study.But the surface area of the gills – where oxygen is obtained – doesn't grow at the same pace as the rest of the body.Dr Pauly calls this set of principles the 'gill-oxygen limitation theory.'For example, as cod increase their weight by 100 per cent, their gills only grow by 80 per cent or less.And in the context of climate change, this biological rule reinforces the prediction that fish will shrink and will be even smaller than thought in previous studies.Warmer waters increase fish's need for oxygen but climate change will result in less oxygen in the oceans.As fish grow into adulthood, their demand for oxygen increases because their body mass becomes larger. But the surface area of the gills – where oxygen is obtained – doesn't grow at the same pace as the rest of the body (stock image)A previous study found that various species in the North Sea shrank from 1970-2008:Haddock - 29%Whiting (Northern North Sea) - 13%Whiting (Southern North Sea) - 29%Herring - 10%Norway pout - 19%Sprat (Southern North Sea) - 16% Male Sole - 13%Female Sole - 1%Male Plaice - 12%This means that gills have less oxygen to supply to a body that already grows faster than them.The researchers say this forces fish to stop growing at a smaller size to be able to fulfil their needs with the little oxygen available to them.Certain species are likely to be more affected by this combination of factors, according to the team.For a 2°C (3.6°F) increase in water temperature, tunas such as the Atlantic bluefin tuna will potentially decrease in body size by 30 per cent.And sharks, many of which are already threatened with extinction, are also predicted to decrease in size - especially larger species.As well as disrupting the ocean ecosystem, shrinking fish will also have an impact on fisheries production, according to the researchers.The researchers believe that the most effective way to prevent these problems from occurring is to reduce carbon dioxide emissions (stock image)The researchers believe that the most effective way to prevent these problems from occurring is to reduce carbon dioxide emissions. Speaking to Seekr, Dr Cheung said: 'Our model projections show that the lower the emissions and thus warming, the smaller is the change in body size.'Also, overfishing is reducing fish body size, so eliminating overfishing can help to reduce the extent of fish shrinkages.'
393	4	"The oceans are losing oxygen due to climate change, with dire consequences for marine life and vulnerable communities and fisheries, a nature conservation report revealed Saturday.This is the ""ultimate wake-up call"" for humanity on ever-increasing carbon emissions, according to the report, published at the UN Climate Change Conference in Madrid. The authors say the report, ""Ocean deoxygenation: Everyone's problem,"" is the largest ever peer-reviewed study into the causes and impacts of, and possible solutions to, the ocean's oxygen loss. Read more: EU Parliament declares 'climate emergency'""With this report, the scale of damage climate change is wreaking upon the ocean comes into stark focus. As the warming ocean loses oxygen, the delicate balance of marine life is thrown into disarray,"" said Dr Grethel Aguilar, acting director general at The International Union for the Conservation of Nature (IUCN), a body composed of governmental and civil society groups.'Ultimate wake-up call'""The potentially dire effects on fisheries and vulnerable coastal communities mean that the decisions made at the ongoing UN Climate Change Conference are even more crucial. To curb ocean oxygen loss alongside the other disastrous impacts of climate change, world leaders must commit to immediate and substantial emission cuts.""According to the report, areas of water with low oxygen concentrations are expanding, with roughly 700 ocean areas across the globe now affected by low oxygen conditions — up from only 45 in the 1960s. Over the past five decades, the areas completely depleted of oxygen have quadrupled.""This is perhaps the ultimate wake-up call from the uncontrolled experiment humanity is unleashing on the world's ocean as carbon emissions continue to increase,"" said Dan Laffoley, senior adviser on marine science and conservation in IUCN's Global Marine and Polar Programme and a co-editor of the analysis. ""Ocean oxygen depletion is menacing marine ecosystems already under stress from ocean warming and acidification. To stop the worrying expansion of oxygen-poor areas, we need to decisively curb greenhouse gas emissions as well as nutrient pollution from agriculture and other sources.""Disaster for sea-life, consequences for humanityThe effects of the oceans' lack of oxygen is beginning to alter the balance of marine life, favoring low-oxygen tolerant species (e.g. microbes, jellyfish and some squid) at the expense of low-oxygen sensitive ones (many marine species, including most fish).Tuna, marlin and sharks are particularly vulnerable to the changes. The species are starting to be driven into increasingly shallow surface layers of oxygen-rich water, making them more exposed to excessive fishing.The report predicts that the ocean will lose 3-4% of its oxygen inventory globally by the turn of the next century. Most of the losses are anticipated to be in the upper 1000 meters (3300 feet) of the water column, which is richest in marine biodiversity.Each evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here."
154	4	"Huge tracts of the Amazon, which serves as the lungs of the planet by taking in carbon dioxide, storing it in soils and producing oxygen, are ablaze. Smoke from the widespread fires have turned day into night in Sao Paulo, and intensified a controversy over the Brazilian government’s land use policies.The Brazilian Amazon has experienced 74,155 fires since January, according to data from Brazil’s National Institute for Space Research, known by the acronym INPE. That’s an 85 percent increase from last year and significantly higher than the 67,790 blazes since by this point in the year during 2016, when there were severe drought conditions in the region associated with a strong El Niño event.“There is nothing abnormal about the climate this year or the rainfall in the Amazon region, which is just a little below average,” INPE researcher Alberto Setzer told Reuters. Speaking of the fires, he said, “The dry season creates the favorable conditions for the use and spread of fire, but starting a fire is the work of humans, either deliberately or by accident.”The fires have covered the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo in dark smoke, and are raising concerns that the rainforest, which is one of the most biologically diverse regions on Earth, may be shifting into a newly fragmented regime from land-clearing operations and other activities intended to transform the land for agricultural use.“People stored black water from the rainfall after the massive smoke cloud reached São Paulo,” says Vitor Gomes, an environmental scientist at the Federal University of Pará in Brazil, via email.According to the European Union’s Copernicus Climate Change Service, the fires have led to a clear spike in carbon monoxide emissions as well as planet-warming carbon dioxide emissions, posing a threat to human health and aggravating global warming.INPE tracks deforestation in Brazil, and its data has shown a huge increase in the Amazon this year. In early August, INPE found that 1,330 square miles of rainforest had been lost since January alone, which is a rate 40 percent higher than in 2018.The release of those statistics and ensuing media coverage earned the ire of Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro. Bolsonaro, who favors increased agricultural and mining development in the Amazon, called those numbers “a lie” and then fired Ricardo Galvão, a physicist who served as the director of the scientific agency.The recent Amazon fires have been widespread and some came on rather suddenly. In the state of Para, for example, a wildfire surge occurred last week that was linked to a call by farmers for a “day of fire” Aug. 10, according to local news reports. INPE, using satellite-based sensors and other instruments to locate fires and track the amount of acreage burned, recorded hundreds of fires in the state as farmers cleared land for agriculture and also burned intact areas of rainforest for further development. Cleared rainforests in this region are typically used for cattle farming and growing soybeans, and much of the land-clearing is done illegally.The fires there and in other states sent a plume of smoke drifting far southeastward across Brazil, darkening the skies over some cities and towns.One contributing factor to the spate of fires in the Amazon is the fact that it is the dry season there, the time of year when wildfires tend to break out from human activities. The dryness acts to make the environment particularly receptive to fires, but most of the blazes are started by people, either intentionally or by accident.“The dry season certainly adds to fires, but we had more intense dry seasons in the past... and never experienced such big fires,” Gomes said.“This large number of fires… is because we have more deforestation not because we have more drought this year,"" said Paulo Moutinho, a senior fellow at the Woods Hole Research Center.In addition, this is not yet the peak of the fire season in Brazil, according to Mikaela Weisse, a program manager with Global Forest Watch, who closely tracks fire and deforestation trends through satellite imagery. Weisse said so far, it seems most of the fires are taking place on pre-cleared agricultural land, but satellites may be missing flames burning beneath tree canopies.The fire season in Brazil peaks between August and October, Weiss said, and so far this year is tracking close to 2016′s high wildfire and tree cover losses. “It’s early in the season, so what happens in the next couple of months is crucial for determining how significant this is.”An increase in fires and ensuing deforestation in the Amazon make it even more difficult, if not impossible, for countries to hold global warming to “well below” 3.6 degrees (2 degrees Celsius) compared with preindustrial levels, as called for in the Paris climate Agreement.The Amazon, which spans 2.12 million square miles, sucks up about a quarter of the 2.4 billion metric tons of carbon that global forests absorb each year. However, the ability of the rainforest to pull in more carbon than it releases is diminishing, weakened by changing weather patterns, deforestation and increasing tree mortality, among other factors. The ongoing fires will further degrade its function as a carbon sink.Moutinho says the Amazon stores a cumulative total of about a decade’s worth of carbon when using current global annual emissions rates. This amounts to about 90 billion metric tons of carbon.“If you continue to deforest… you are releasing this huge amount of carbon to the atmosphere,” he said. According to Moutinho, the spike in deforestation via wildfires this year follows years of progress on protecting the Amazon. He noted that deforestation was reduced by 80 percent between 2004 and 2012, for example.If the Amazon were to turn into a consistent net source of carbon emissions, it would accelerate global warming while also leading to a huge loss in species that are not found anywhere else on Earth.A study Gomes co-authored this year found that while deforestation is the main threat to Amazonian tree species, climate change may exceed it within a few decades. The research found that a combination of climate change-related impacts, such as increased dryness, along with deforestation to make way for agriculture, could cause a decline in Amazon tree species richness of nearly 60 percent.In a worst-case scenario, without any effective climate policies or programs to limit deforestation, the study found that by 2050, the Amazonian lowland rainforest could become fragmented, harming biodiversity and making the Amazonian ecosystems far less capable of soaking in and storing carbon. The study warned of a “tipping point” beyond which the forest cannot recover.“According to the results of our studies, even in the “best-case” scenario (optimistic), half of Amazonian tree species will be threatened in the future. The trends we’ve seen today could be beyond our “worst-case” scenario,” Gomes said."
673	3	Australia’s climate “debate” has been bogged in a culture war for decades. What should be a straightforward discussion of scientific fact and possible responses has instead become a mire of misinformation and denial that has paralysed policy, clogged investment, increased power prices and delayed change.National greenhouse gas emissions have risen every year since soon after the abolition of the carbon price in 2014, yet the prime minister stands on the international stage and insists Australia is “doing our bit on climate change and we reject any suggestion to the contrary”.The climate crisis becomes more apparent by the day, with more summer days of extreme heat, more frequent and severe extreme weather events, bushfire seasons starting earlier, lasting longer and burning different types of forest, the Great Barrier Reef hit by successive years of bleaching and sea levels rising. What were once predictions by climate scientists are steadily becoming our lived reality and yet senior Australian ministers are still trying to make up their minds about whether humans have anything to do with global heating at all.Business has pleaded for years for clear and predictable policy to inform investment decisions, the Reserve Bank says climate change poses a systemic risk which could become a risk to financial stability and the corporate regulator has warned that climate is a foreseeable risk for many listed companies but our national policy remains sparse, ineffective and contradictory. The government’s own energy policy adviser says parts of it are “ill-advised”.A government fund pays millions to some farmers to preserve trees on their properties at the same time as tree-clearing laws are relaxed to allow massive new clearing by their neighbours. The “safeguard” mechanism, intended to stop industry increasing emissions to effectively wipe out the emission reductions purchased elsewhere, allows most factories and mines to increase their greenhouse pollution if they just ask.Scott Morrison was not invited to address the UN climate “action” summit because he was unwilling to speak about how Australia would decarbonise in the long term – which was the whole point of the meeting. So he gave a speech to the general assembly instead, attacking the UN climate agreement as an example of “negative globalism” – despite it being the only mechanism to tackle a global problem, despite Australia having benefited from a series of special deals through the international talks and despite its most recent commitment having been made by his own Coalition.Now, as students and citizens take to the streets in utter despair, many of the same politicians responsible for these wickedly wasted decades, and some of the same columnists who have cheered them on, have the temerity to attack the protesters for not coming up with considered policy responses.From its launch six years ago, Guardian Australia has provided clear and factual reporting about the climate crisis, the science, the impacts and the many attempted policy responses, and unflinching analysis of Australia’s action, and inaction.Our in-depth series including Our Wide Brown Land, Great Barrier Reef In Crisis, the New Normal: How Climate Change is Making Droughts Worse, Murray Darling: When the River Runs Dry, the carbon clock, our fact-checks, political analysis and commentary have all been informed by a determination to neither sensationalise nor recoil from the facts. Our readers tell us through their attention, their responses and their support that this is reporting they value.We now have three dedicated environment reporters in Australia, who work with colleagues around the globe. But we do not see environment reporting as separate. The climate crisis is the defining issue of our lifetimes, and informs all our journalism, across business, science, politics, lifestyle and culture.We have considered the language we use and decided to call this an emergency and a crisis, because that is what the science tells us it is. We are also auditing the environmental impact of our own operations.As Prof Ross Garnaut has set out, Australia has the potential to be a superpower of the post-carbon world economy if we could just set aside the self-defeating culture war and look to the future with imagination.But the solutions require complicated change, and understanding change requires careful, fact-based reporting, to inform and to counter the misinformation and well-funded PR campaigns designed to prolong the dangerous and unsustainable status quo.Guardian Australia will provide that reporting, because only a properly informed debate can help us avoid the worst impacts of the climate crisis and steer us out of this cul-de sac and towards a low-carbon future.Your ongoing support is vital for us to deliver the best environmental reporting in Australia. Thank you to our supporters for helping to make this possible. If you would like to support the Guardian you can do so by making a single or recurring contribution or subscribing.
417	4	"OPINION: Extinction Rebellion's mounting civil disobedience and recent school strikes are two signs of increased public activism around climate change. Thursday's declaration of a 'climate emergency' by Environment Canterbury together with the Government's Climate Change Response (Zero Carbon) Bill show decision-makers are becoming increasingly focused on where public opinion is going on this issue. Will the steady stream of news such as this week's announcement that carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere have now reached an 800,000-year high create a further uptick in the level of public concern regarding the urgency and scope of climate action? Government, community and business leaders all need to factor in the possibility of such a major shift. In addition, entrepreneurs will be looking to see how fast public, and therefore consumers' and decision-makers', opinions change so they can identify potentially rewarding investment opportunities. Of course it can be hard to predict the speed at which public opinion may change, but the British Met Office has recently predicted the world is going to be exceptionally hot over the next five years. In fact, it says there is a 10 per cent chance the average global temperature may temporarily spike over the 1.5C threshold level that is raising concern. The fact is research shows the hotter the weather becomes, the more worried the public gets about climate change.  If the Met Office is right, the sequences of hot days, fires, floods and storms will mount, which is likely to start focusing the minds of the average Joe and Jane in the street. At the moment people I talk to seem mainly focused on reducing future greenhouse gas emissions. But what might happen if many become convinced we need to do more – we need to also focus on actually reducing the amount of CO2 in the air, not just stopping it increasing so fast?READ MORE: * Climate change: UN chief says 'total disaster' if global warming not stopped * How to start a climate change movement - tips from a fossil fuel CEO * The year in which climate change gained momentum In the middle of one of those hot spells predicted by the Met Office, an imagined conversation between the public and climate scientists might go something like: ""OK climate scientists, you have been talking about climate change for a while now but we have not always paid close attention. But the recent stream of weather events are now starting to make us sweat - literally. Is it right if we summarise what you have been trying to tell us like this? ""While it's often hard to attribute a single weather event to climate change, the current changes we are seeing - unusual heat, fires, floods, storms - are all consistent with the early effects of dramatic climate change. These will definitely worsen because more heat is already baked into the climate system because of absorbed heat that has not yet come out. In addition, if we continue emitting any more CO2 into the atmosphere, we are going to make it even worse. Also, there may be tipping points out there that could spark some sort of runaway climate change but you do not currently have a good fix on the temperature rise that could trigger them, or how far we are away from these. ""So we know that the initial taste of climate change we are now experiencing is going to get worse. Given that, shouldn't we already be thinking in terms of attempting to not only reduce our ongoing emissions, but also, as soon as possible, to be sucking CO2 directly out of the atmosphere through massive tree planting or new technological solutions? And shouldn't we continue to do this until we get to a level where you feel you can give us the 'all clear' that there is very little risk of us crossing any tipping points? Isn't this what we would do in any other risk management situation?"" The climate scientists are likely to reply:  ""Yes, you have it basically right. We can't give you any definite assurances regarding where those tipping points are. If this concerns you, as it does a number of us, you need to communicate your concern. ""You live in a democracy. Regardless of your leaders' personal views, they can only act decisively if you pressure them to do so. You need to convince them, whatever party they represent, that you will support them in taking the level of action required to responsibly manage the scale of the potential risk to yourselves, your children and your grandchildren's future. ""You also need to convince business leaders that they need to act more responsibly while at the same time you need to encourage entrepreneurs to take the risks that need to be taken so sufficient investment flows into reducing the risk of, or managing the impact of, climate change.  ""If it ends up with things not panning out as dramatically as we currently believe they might, we as climate scientists will immediately tell you and you can ease off. But until then, you need to have your foot hard to the floor on this issue if you don't want to risk leaving it too late to act."" If over the next five years Joe and Jane public are spooked by the playing out of the UK Met Office's temperature predictions, public opinion may move surprisingly fast on this issue. If so, Extinction Rebellion and global school strikes might be just the beginning. If public opinion does move fast, politicians, other leaders and businesses may find themselves having to quickly convince impatient voters and consumers they are deadly serious about climate change. At that point, those leaders not with the programme are likely to be left behind.   Dr Paul Duignan is an honorary research fellow at Massey University, a psychologist, outcomes measurement specialist and tech entrepreneur. http://parkerduignan.com/pwd "
299	3	The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists is moving the Doomsday Clock up to 100 seconds to midnight — a metaphor for the end of the world — in a recognition of growing threats from nuclear war, climate change and disinformation.It is the first time the clock has passed the two-minute mark in more than 70 years of existence, a testament to the need for urgent action, the Bulletin said Thursday, as the nonprofit’s leader warned of influential leaders who “denigrate and discard the most effective methods for addressing complex threats.”“The challenge is what do we do about it?” President Rachel Bronson told The Washington Post. In the clock’s grimmest moment ever, she believes years of dire warnings have begun to break through.“People are starting to get it,” Bronson said, pointing to the movement ignited by teen climate activist Greta Thunberg. “But we need our leaders to be responding.”Jerry Brown, the former California governor who serves as executive chair for the Bulletin, had a darker message after the clock was unveiled. The longtime Democratic politician said he sees “a world of vast, deep and pervasive complacency” toward the Doomsday Clock’s message across the political spectrum.“What is being said this morning is not being heard,” Brown said. “It’s being ignored. It’s being denied.”Deciding each year whether humankind has veered closer to destruction, the Bulletin has traditionally focused on the availability of nuclear weapons and a willingness among the world’s great powers to use them. Members of the Bulletin’s Science and Security Board pointed this year to a host of concerning developments, including the prospect of a deal limiting Iran’s nuclear development completely falling apart after Iran began reducing its compliance following the United States’ withdrawal under President Trump.In North Korea, meanwhile, there has been “no real progress” despite fanfare over talks with the Trump administration, said Sharon Squassoni, a professor at George Washington University. North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has promised to demonstrate a new weapon. Earlier this year, she noted, the United States left an arms control treaty with Russia that had been in place since the 1980s.Thursday’s announcement also underscored changes over the years in the threats tracked by the Doomsday Clock, as the Bulletin’s scientists express growing concern about the state of the planet. They warned in 2007 that the threat of climate change is “nearly as dire” as the danger of nuclear weapons, and on Thursday the Stockholm Environmental Institute’s Sivan Kartha put the issue once considered an “academic curiosity” front and center.“To test the limits of earth’s habitable temperature is madness,” he said. “It’s a madness akin to the nuclear madness that is again threatening the world.”Countries’ commitments to curb greenhouse gases in the coming decade under the Paris Climate Agreement would need to be multiplied eightfold to meet its goal of preventing the global temperature from rising 2 degrees Celsius from preindustrial levels, Kartha said. He listed this year’s disasters that he said were fueled by climate change: heat waves and floods in India, “unprecedented” wildfires in Australia and hurricanes around the globe.Compounding the long-standing concerns about climate change and nuclear disaster is the rise of “information warfare,” said Robert Latiff, a retired Air Force major general and a fellow at the University of Notre Dame Institute for Advanced Study. Technologies like artificial intelligence, fast and highly maneuverable “hypersonic” weapons, as well as the increasing potential for conflict in space all add to his worries that a minor event could trigger catastrophic fallout.“We have a witch’s brew of ingredients for global conflict,” he said.It has not helped, he added, that world leaders have responded with falsehoods and misrepresentations while decrying “fake news.” He lamented what he called government disdain for experts and hostility toward science, pointing to the Trump administration’s order that all federal agencies cut their advisory boards by at least a third.The Doomsday Clock has wavered between 2 and 17 minutes to the apocalypse since its inception in 1947.The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists was founded by veterans of the Manhattan Project who were concerned about the consequences of their nuclear research. One of them, nuclear physicist Alexander Langsdorf, was married to artist Martyl Langsdorf, who created the clock and set it at seven minutes to midnight, or 11:53, for the cover of the group’s magazine. Her husband moved the time four minutes ahead in 1949.Since then, the Bulletin’s board has determined how far the clock’s minute hand will move, usually to draw attention to worldwide crises it believes threaten the survival of the human species.Last year, the clock did not budge, remaining at two minutes to “midnight” after advancing 30 seconds in 2018. It had also advanced 30 seconds in 2017 but did not move at all in 2016.The decision to move up the time on the clock in 2018 was motivated largely by the Bulletin’s sense of looming nuclear peril. It listed several grim developments: North Korea had made rapid progress in developing a thermonuclear weapon capable of reaching the United States; relations between the United States and Russia had deteriorated, with no high-level arms-control negotiations; and nations around the world were moving to modernize and enhance their nuclear arsenals.In addition, the organization cited unchecked artificial intelligence, the alarming spread of disinformation and the public’s eroding trust in institutions.The group said last year that although the scientists noted an upsetting change in the information ecosystem in 2018, they did not see a “qualitative” change with other threats that would have warranted resetting the time on the clock. But Bronson told reporters the clock’s lack of movement reflected a “new abnormal” and “should not be taken as a sign of stability but as a stark warning.”Read more:A Native American tribe has insulated itself from California’s blackouts by creating a microgrid utilityIn Australia, fires energize environmental movement
726	4	"It takes much more than warm ocean temperatures to produce and sustain a hurricane, says Roy Spencer, a principal research scientist at the University of Alabama in Huntsville and author of 'Inevitable Disaster: Why Hurricanes Can't Be Blamed on Global Warming.'CNN political analyst David Gergen said Wednesday that action to counter climate change has become a ""moral imperative"" as Hurricane Dorian inched its way up the East Coast.During a discussion of a recent trip to Greenland on ""CNN Newsroom,"" Gergen claimed U.S. cities should prepare for massive flooding if polar ice caps continue to melt.“I went [to Greenland] thinking it was a practical imperative to deal with climate change. I came away feeling it’s a moral imperative,"" he said. ""When you see what’s happening in Greenland, it is an early -- it's an early set of signals about what’s going to happen to the globe.""""The glaciers are retreating, they're breaking off and forming icebergs,"" he continued. ""They’re beautiful icebergs, but they’re breaking up. There is a growing danger that the icecap will melt in Greenland and we’ll have -- there won’t be a big icecap in the summer... We could have cities in the United States engulfed in floods.”Gergen isn't the only public figure sounding the alarm on climate change. Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, D-N.Y., recently claimed she has woken up in the middle of the night due to her fears about the climate and tried to link climate change to Hurricane Dorian.""This is what climate change looks like: it hits vulnerable communities first,"" she tweeted Tuesday in accompaniment to a video of Dorian's devastation in the Bahamas. ""I can already hear climate deniers screeching: “It’s always been like this! You’re dim,” etc. No. This is about science & leadership. We either decarbonize&cut emissions, or we don’t & let people die.""Sen. Rick Scott, R-Fla., also weighed in on ""Fox News Sunday"" when he was asked if he thought climate change had any effect on the strength of recent hurricanes.""We know the climate's changing and we know our storms seem to be getting bigger,"" he said. "" ... We don't know what the cause is, but we have to react to it."""
199	3	"DW:  So we're facing this global heat wave and it's impacting farmers. How are they coping?Alex Jones: It's very hard for farmers to cope once you're midway through a [farming] cycle, especially if you're on a long cycle crop like cereals. If you planted wheat or maize, once it's in the ground there's absolutely nothing you could do except maybe irrigate a bit more. But even that's not going to reduce the wilt.It's more about having better information, putting in seeds that are more resilient. And especially about spreading your risk, and not focusing exclusively on one crop, but multi-cropping. And increasing biodiversity in the field, so that there are different crops, and you hedge your risk against total failure.Could drought cause food shortages and famines in the years or decades to come, and what regions are most at risk? Absolutely, yes it can of course cause famines. The FAO estimate is that we have 830 million people who are currently food-insecure. They do not have enough food to eat, without this kind of shortage.We also know that we produce more than enough food in the world to feed everybody. But there are redistribution problems, and about one-third of all food is lost at the transformation stage. So there is a lot of slack to be picked up there; but obviously, decreasing production could be a major factor.We're also looking at the issue of nutrient depletion. Climate change, CO2 changes in the air, are having an impact on the nutrient content of food. Some cereals have about 10 percent less protein, and they have less minerals and less vitamins. So it's not just a question of how much food, but also the quality of that food.Is drought going to become the new normal for farmers? Unfortunately, variability is going to become the new normal. So too much rain one year, drought the next year, freezing temperatures the next year, and then a really good year the next. That's the biggest problem. If we had a constant trend or we knew that the temperature was going to go up by 2 degrees and stay there, we could deal with that, 2 degrees is manageable.The problem is variability. Extreme weather events — cyclones, hurricanes, rainfall, hail fall, high temperatures in August in northern Europe. The unpredictability is the hardest element, and it seems that unpredictability is here to stay.The solutions are within our reach. But why aren't they being tapped into?Well they're expensive, and farmers are already often very stressed in terms of barely making a profit. And of course in a year like this, where they're probably going to lose money because of the drought, if we were to come in and say: ""Well, we want you to invest more money in limited tillage or zero-tillage equipment,"" of course they're going to say, ""You're crazy, I'm already in debt.""It's about finding the collective will, and making sure that everybody is on a level playing field, because of course if the farmers in Germany do this but their neighbors in another country don't, then they'll be at a competitive risk. We all need to agree on certain standards so that it's a level playing field and we can make these investments.Farmers in some regions of Germany are facing crop losses of up to a quarter. Most are able to draw from insurance schemes to help cover these losses. But how can insurance work when the losses occur year after year, as might start happening? Insurance premiums will go up. That's the basic functioning of insurance: The higher the risk, the higher the premiums. So the question at some point is, will farmers be able to afford insurance? Will it be worth their while if the premiums are so high? And that's a major concern, because some of that is underwritten by government support as well. So we might see an insurance systems fail if they're unable to cope. And of course, we're very concerned about all the nascent crop insurance schemes that we're trying to help support in developing countries because they very much need these.Did the Paris Agreement include the agricultural sector? Unfortunately not. The Paris Agreement did not mention agriculture. However, since then there's been huge progress. There was a big discussion at the COP22 called the Marrakesh Partnership which agreed to come up with an agricultural component. And at the COP23 last year in Bonn, there was what is called the Koronivia Joint Work on Agriculture, which is an agreement that all the parties to COP will work together for two years on five focus areas in agriculture, and come up with standards to be included in the Paris Agreement on agriculture.So there are things in the works, but the world just needs to come together to coagulate on it? What we need is to speed it up because we don't have two decades to work on this. We really need to get results within a few years. Otherwise it will be too late.Alex Jones is director of the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization's Climate and Environment Division. The interview was conducted by Sonya Diehn, and has been edited for length and clarity."
510	3	"Kiwi supermarket giant Foodstuffs has reduced energy use and carbon emissions at 200 of its stores through what it calls ""an environmental silver bullet"".The company says it has slashed its greenhouse gas emissions by up to 45 per cent in its new and refurbished stores – and energy use by an average of two per cent per year across the entire business – since forming an alliance with the Energy Efficiency and Conservation Authority (EECA).Its savings have come from a many-pronged attack – the replacement of fluorescent lighting with LED bulbs, movement sensor technology and real time electricity monitoring all contributing.But the decision six years ago to use CO2 as a natural refrigeration system rather than alternatives that have a much bigger greenhouse gas effect has also played a part.""There is rarely a silver bullet in this world when it comes to environmental impacts, but this was one,"" says Mike Sammons, Foodstuffs sustainability manager.Although a CO2 system contributes a 10 per cent energy saving over the use of synthetic gas, the real gain is in the decrease in emissions which, in this case, has resulted in a 45 per cent reduction in the carbon footprint from the Pak'nSave and New World stores using the CO2 system.""We were the first supermarket organisation to trial natural refrigeration in the southern hemisphere,"" says Mike Sammons, Foodstuffs sustainability manager.Foodstuffs formed the alliance with EECA at a time when emissions were on an upwards trajectory and transport and waste costs were burgeoning.The company's supermarkets are a major electricity user, consuming one per cent of the country's total generation, while the energy used in running the stores makes up around 40 per cent of Foodstuffs total emissions.The consolidation and back-loading of freight deliveries also helped to minimise vehicle movements and lower transport emissions.Another high profile initiative was the introduction of 28 zero-emission electric vans into the company's vehicle fleet.""We were very much aware that electric vehicles (EVs)are the next big disruptive technology, but there was a lack of commercial EVs available in New Zealand. With EECA's help we put together a project to source the Nissan e-NV200 vans from the UK for use in New World, Pak'nSave and Four Square stores,"" he says.""The vans are used for online shopping deliveries, or for general staff use and the chargers mean they can do 100km in the morning and another 100km in the afternoon.""The cooperative model adopted by Foodstuffs has helped to spread the energy management culture to its stores: ""The good thing about this model is there's always somebody out there doing something slightly different to reduce their energy consumption, says Sammons. ""We share that knowledge and roll it out over the rest of the business.""For example, the Whanganui New World has reduced its energy consumption by 30 per cent; we looked at what they'd done, and replicated it across many other stores.""These initiatives included the reclamation of heat generated from cooling units to heat water, air curtains to minimise the loss of hot or cold air from temperature-controlled areas, and night blinds or refrigeration curtains used during non-trading hours.# EECA estimates that many New Zealand businesses could shave up to 20 per cent off their energy costs with smarter energy use. Go to the EECA business website to access a variety of tools and tips on how to start and to learn about funding options."
39	3	"A new study uses unconventional but more accurate measures of the effect of climate change on the health of marine ecosystems and uncovers more reasons to be concernedEven though the world's oceans and seas aren't warming up as fast as landmass, there is still cause for concern for marine life. A new study published in the journal Science presents evidence that the speed and direction of climate change as well as the timing of seasonal shifts are moving just as fast in large bodies of water as in land, and these point to serious conservation problems for regions rich in marine biodiversity.Scientists led by Scottish Marine Institute ecologist Michael Burrows calculated two metrics -- the velocity of climate change and the shifts in seasonal timing -- that they argue are more accurate gauges of biodiversity, or the health of ecosystems, than traditional temperature records. Using 50 years of global temperature and climate data, they made detailed predictions on the ability of organisms to cope with warming, including biogeographic range shifts and life-cycle changes, that involve much more than simple migration toward the Earth's poles and earlier springs coupled with later autumns. They found that some marine reserves, such as the Coral Triangle in Southeast Asia, may be in danger of losing their ambient temperatures rapidly.""What we have done is think about warming from a different perspective: If I started off at one point experiencing a particular temperature, how fast and in what direction would I need to walk or swim or crawl to remain at exactly the same temperature?"" says co-author David Schoeman. ""This takes the idea of warming and turns it from a question of time to a question of space."" In the gallery below, get a glimpse of species and regions that may be threatened by climate change. Then, in the Q&A with Burrows that follows, learn more about how the study came about, why measuring the velocity of climate change is critical, and the data calculations the researchers conducted for these discoveries. What's the backstory of this project?The work came out of a workshop at the University of California Santa Barbara. A group of us got together to assess the evidence for ocean life responding to climate change. It struck us right away that there were no expectations available for how far organisms should shift to track temperatures or by how much earlier or later they should do things seasonally. We saw that another study had taken an approach to making predictions about speed of movement or velocity of temperatures for possible future climate scenarios on land, and we thought we could do the same for the oceans to give us expectations to go with observed changes.What were your team's key discoveries?When we talk about velocity of climate change, we mean the speed and direction of movement of temperature. So when temperature increases in a particular spot, anything wanting to stay at the same temperature as before needs to move to a cooler place. In an area where there is a very flat thermal landscape, or where temperatures vary little from place to place, that cooler place could be a long way away. And so velocity of climate change would be high. Where cooler places are right next door, like up a nearby mountain range or on the other side of an oceanographic boundary, life only needs to move a short distance to follow temperatures over the same time period. So, the much flatter thermal landscape in the ocean tends to increase velocities, and therefore offsets the effect of greater warming on land to bring the velocities for the two environments closer together. By a similar process, reduced seasonal changes in the ocean tend to push up estimates for seasonal shifts to values close to those for land.Because thermal landscapes and the amount of warming or cooling are different in different parts of the world, there is a lot of variation in velocities.  It so happens that there is an awful lot of species in some of the places where velocities are highest, especially in the tropical oceans. That may have damaging effects on the richness of species in those places, especially when there can be no immigrants from even hotter places to replace those that leave. And conservation measures can't usually protect species from direct effects of climate change. We should especially protect those areas, which provide longer term refuges, where velocities are low, and where refugees from climate change may arrive.How was this study conducted?The methods were surprisingly simple to do. What we did was combine the two important trends in temperature for each spot on the globe, one across decades and one from place to place, and that gave us the velocity. A bit like combining a rise in water level with a landscape -- if the slope was gentle we'd expect a little rise in water level to make the water's edge go far horizontally as in a flood plain, but if the slope were steep the same rise wouldn't have much effect on the spread of the water.  Working out seasonal shifts was pretty much the same, but for this we used the change in temperature from month to month instead of from place to place.Once we got hold of the publicly available datasets from the U.K.'s University of East Anglia Climate Research Unit and from the Hadley Centre, all we had to do to calculate velocity was to determine the temperature trend over 50 years and the average temperature for every 1-degree grid cell. The next step was to compare each grid cell to its immediate neighbors to find the direction and steepness of the temperature slope, like hills and plains on a landscape. Dividing the 50-year trend by the temperature slope gave us the velocity in the direction of the slope.For seasonal shifts we had to calculate the 50-year trends in temperatures for each month, and get the rate of seasonal change in temperature by taking the difference between temperatures between preceding and following months. Dividing the 50-year trends by rate of seasonal change gave us the seasonal shifts. We picked April and October to show what spring and fall shifts would be.What are the implications for scientists as well as for people in general?The main thing for me was the realization that life may need to move fast to track even small temperature changes in some parts of the world. And in other places, larger temperature changes might need only small displacements for animals and plants to stay in their preferred temperatures. So an average rate of shift may not be that useful.In essence, regions where we show the fastest velocities may be most prone to the loss of species and potentially gaining new ones, while where velocities are slower there may be some movement of the boundaries of species, fishes ranging further north for example, but probably keeping the same mix for a much longer time.It will be interesting to see who in the scientific world picks up on this approach. For the wider world I would hope that we have highlighted how we might expect life to respond to climate changes, and how much that might change from place to place. Those changes might be startlingly rapid in some areas, with species arriving from hundreds of miles away over just a few years. Although we didn't highlight this in the paper, my view is that area of slower velocities immediately outside the tropics are worthy of special measures. Coral reefs may need new areas to colonize if they are not to go extinct. We need to be ready for those migrants when they arrive.We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com."
206	5	This is the summer when, for many, climate change got real. The future looks fiery and dangerous. Hot on the heels of Trump, fake news and the parlous state of the Brexit negotiations, despair is in the air. Now a new scientific report makes the case that even fairly modest future carbon dioxide emissions could set off a cascade of catastrophe, with melting permafrost releasing methane to ratchet up global temperatures enough to drive much of the Amazon to die off, and so on in a chain reaction around the world that pushes Earth into a terrifying new hothouse state from which there is no return. Civilisation as we know it would surely not survive. How do we deal with such news?As a research scientist in this field, I can give some nuance to the headlines. One common way of thinking about climate change is the lower the future carbon dioxide emissions, the less warming and the less havoc we will face as this century progresses. This is certainly true, but as the summer heatwave and the potential hothouse news remind us, the shifts in climate we will experience will not be smooth, gradual and linear changes. They may be fast, abrupt, and dangerous surprises may happen. However, an unstoppable globally enveloping cascade of catastrophe, while possible, is certainly not a probable outcome.Yet, even without a hothouse we are on track to transform Earth this century. The world, after 30 years of warnings, has barely got to grips with reducing carbon dioxide emissions. They need to rapidly decline to zero, but after decades of increases, are, at best, flatlining, with investments in extracting new fossil fuels continuing, including last month’s scandalous announcement that fracking will be allowed in the UK. Temperatures have increased just 1C above preindustrial levels, and we are on course for another 2C or 3C on top of that. Could civilisation weather this level of warming?The honest answer is nobody knows. Dystopia is easy to envisage: for example, Europe is not coping well with even modest numbers of migrants, and future flows look likely to increase substantially as migration itself is an adaptation to rapid climate change. How will the cooler, richer parts of the world react to tens of millions of people escaping the hotter, poorer parts? Throw into the mix long-term stagnating incomes for most people across the west and climate-induced crop failures causing massive food price spikes and we have a recipe for widespread unrest that could overload political institutions.It is then easy to see these intersecting crises dovetailing with calls from the new far-right populists for strong authoritarian leaders to solve these problems. Inward-looking nationalists could then move further away from the internationalism needed to ensure the continuation of stable global food supplies and to manage migration humanely. And without cooperative internationalism serious carbon dioxide mitigation will not happen, meaning the underling drivers of the problems will exacerbate, leading to a lock-in of a deteriorating, isolationist, fascist future.However, taking a step back from the gloom, we face the same three choices in response to climate change as we did before this scorching summer: reduce greenhouse gas emissions (mitigation), make changes to reduce the adverse impacts of the new conditions we create (adaptation), or suffer the consequences of what we fail to mitigate or adapt to. It is useful to come back to these three options, and settle on the formula that serious mitigation and wise adaptation means little suffering.Despite this basic advice being decades old, we are heading for some mitigation, very little adaptation, and a lot of suffering. Why is this happening? This is because while the diagnosis of climate change being a problem is a scientific issue, the response to it is not. Leaving fossil fuels in the ground is, for example, a question of regulation, while investing in renewable energy is a policy choice, and modernising our housing stock to make it energy efficient is about overcoming the lobbying power of the building industry. Solving climate change is about power, money, and political will.And that means talking about climate change and engaging in politics at all levels. One way to put climate change centre stage in the next general election could be to approach the candidates of key marginal seats to discuss whether they would support serious climate-related legislation. In return hundreds of supporters of climate legislation would door-knock and leaflet these constituencies to support them. A serious grassroots conversation would occur, it would become an election issue, and a large group of people outside parliament and inside it would be poised to lobby for the necessary transformative legislation on mitigation and adaptation.Thinking about climate change as a practical political problem helps avoid despair because we know that huge political changes have happened in the past and continue to do so. The future is up to us if we act collectively and engage in politics. To quote Antonio Gramsci: “I’m a pessimist because of intelligence, but an optimist because of will.” Looked at this way, we can see the politics as a battle between a future shaped by fear versus a future shaped by hope.That hope is built on a better story of the future and routes to enact it. The outline of this story is that given the colossal wealth and the scientific knowledge available today, we can solve many of the world’s pressing problems and all live well. Given that our environmental impacts are so long-lasting, the future is the politics we make today.• Simon Lewis is professor of global change science at University College London and the Univesity of Leeds, and co-authored The Human Planet: How We Created the Anthropocene (Pelican) with Mark Maslin
530	3	Concern over global warming has spawned such a highly charged and polarised political movement, that real science has become sidelined in favour of sound-bites and simple messages. The real science is not as ‘settled’ as some politicians would have us believe. There is a significant minority of climate scientists who look at the data and conclude that we are dealing with natural cycles that are peaking just as they have done on a regular basis over centuries.These scientists are heavily outnumbered by the proliferation of computer specialists who have created their own virtual planet – people trained in maths and physics who may never have handled an ice-core, tree-ring apparatus, sediments or stalagmites and all of the proxy indicators of past temperature cycles.In my view, the UN secretariat has marginalised their careful assessment and warnings about natural cycles in favour of alarming future projections generated by the computer model.These real climate scientists know that the last major warm period was a 1,000 years ago when the Vikings grew crops in Greenland – their graves are still solid in the permafrost.In between then and now, Europe and China experienced a Little Ice Age – with widespread famine.Reading the fine printThere is so much spin that you have to read the small print of the UN reports where they admit to not understanding natural cycles and what drives them.Behind the scenes they acknowledge cycles are at work and contribute to the warming and that it is only from the model that they derive the dominance of carbon dioxide.But the model does not easily simulate the poorly understood cycles. Satellites do a better job and having spent three years studying the data I conclude global warming is real but at least 80 per cent natural cycle and 20 per cent human emissions.My conclusions are supported by recent climate shifts that run counter to model predictions. From the data on cycles I could predict that after 2007, when Arctic summer ice reached a record low, it would start to recover.In 2008, it came back by 10 per cent. The majority expected it to continue its decline to ice-free status by 2015. In 2009, it grew by another 10 per cent.Little Ice AgeThe models beloved of the majority also predicted that the high-level winds, known as the jet-stream, would shift north as the globe warmed.The jet-stream directs wet weather from the Atlantic and in 2007 they shifted south, bringing widespread flooding to Western Europe.I have seen a minority report in Nasa’s archives which shows that the jet-stream shifts south as the magnetic field of the sun falls and this was characteristic of the Little Ice Age.In 2007, the sun’s magnetic field fell to an all time low and this repeated through 2008 and 2009, as did the floods.Many solar scientists point to a link between this magnetic field and climate on Earth and when the field is low, the Earth cools.During the low in the 17th century the Thames in London froze every winter for 50 years and summers were a washout.Chinese and Russian scientists have better knowledge of these cycles, because the cold periods induce widespread famine – and some of them see all the signs of a new Little Ice Age.Perhaps that’s why their governments’ sovereign funds are buying huge tracts of productive land in the tropics – for food.You may ask – if this is real science, how can the UN’s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ignore it and claim the warming is caused by carbon dioxide.Global spin?In fact, the scientists only agreed the warming is “very likely not due to known natural causes acting alone” – and that is spun by the policy-makers and the world’s media.The not-known natural causes are subject to high-level research programmes because real scientists know they exist and are powerful. And no real climate scientist ever said natural causes are acting alone.Up until the recent ‘climate-gate’ scandal, I accepted that the objective data could be trusted.But it now appears scientists upon whom the UN relies were busy manipulating the data to produce a warmer globe and to eradicate what they call ‘blips’ (i.e. cycles) that they cannot explain.To compound matters, they then sought to undermine the Freedom of Information Act and delete their records in advance of requests for the data.The issue of causation is crucial. The poorest people are already at risk whether the globe warms or cools.We need action on the real and immediate threats facing human support systems from unavoidable natural climate change – but less than one per cent of resources devoted to climate are spent on adaptation, the rest goes on what will be ineffective attempts to ‘stop climate chaos’.Peter Taylor is an ecologist and author of ‘Chill: a reassessment of global warming theory’.The views expressed in this article are the author’s own and do not necessarily reflect Al Jazeera’s editorial policy.
943	3	LE BOURGET, France — The two-week United Nations climate conference outside Paris that drew to an end on Saturday focused on many of the physical dangers associated with climate change: extreme weather, severe drought, the warming of oceans, rain forest destruction and disruptions to the food supply.But global warming has already had another effect — the large-scale displacement of people — that has been an ominous, politically sensitive undercurrent in the talks and side events here.Scientists have said that climate change can indirectly lead to migration by setting off violent conflicts. Scholars have made this connection since at least 2007, when they cited climate change as a reason for the war in Darfur, Sudan.A group of 195 nations reached a landmark climate agreement on Saturday. Here is what it means for the planet, business, politics and other areas.A drought that lasted from 2006 to 2011 in much of Syria has been cited as a factor in the long-running civil war there, fueling a mass migration to Turkey, Lebanon and Jordan, but also to Europe, Canada and, in small measure, the United States.Europe, in particular, is experiencing the largest influx of migrants since World War II — Germany alone has already taken in nearly a million this year. Jean-Claude Juncker, the president of the European Commission, told world leaders on Nov. 30 that climate change could “destabilize entire regions and start massive forced migrations and conflicts over natural resources.”The Paris climate accord, adopted on Saturday, calls for developing recommendations “to avert, minimize and address displacement related to the adverse impacts of climate change” — an explicit acknowledgment of the dangers of migration that some of the poorest of the 195 countries involved in the talks had sought to include in the text.Highlights from the final draft text of a climate agreement submitted to the delegates in Paris.From 2008 to 2014, an average of 26.4 million people were displaced each year by floods, storms, earthquakes and other natural disasters, according to a report released in July by the Internal Displacement Monitoring Center, part of the Norwegian Refugee Council. Most moved within their countries.“Climate-related displacement is not a future phenomenon,” said Marine Franck, who works on climate change and migration for the United Nations high commissioner for refugees. “It is a reality; it is already a global concern.”William Lacy Swing, a retired American ambassador who now leads the International Organization for Migration, said that climate change was adding to a “perfect storm” of “unprecedented human mobility,” a result of the quadrupling of the world’s population over the last century and wars, conflicts and persecution that have displaced a record 60 million people. He said that migration had to be viewed “not as a problem to be solved, but a human reality that has to be managed.”The United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification — like the climate talks, it grew out of the Earth Summit in Rio de Janeiro in 1992 — and the British Defense Ministry recently cited a 2009 report estimating that 135 million people are at risk of displacement because desertification, the drying out of once-fertile land, will reduce drinking-water supplies and lower coral yields. The problem is most pronounced across a band of Africa, from the Sahel in the west to the Horn of Africa in the east.By 2020, some 60 million people could move from the desertified areas of sub-Saharan Africa toward North Africa and Europe, the report found; by 2050, about 200 million people may be permanently displaced.The issue can be overwhelming. The science is complicated. We get it. This is your cheat sheet.The report was prepared by a research and advocacy organization led by Kofi Annan, the former United Nations secretary general, that shut down in 2010; some of the report’s findings have been disputed. Indeed, the numbers are so staggering that Jan Egeland, the head of the Norwegian Refugee Council, who with Mr. Swing and others spoke at a panel discussion here, took pains to point out that the vast majority of migration worldwide takes place in the developing world.As early as 1990, a report by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change warned, “The greatest single impact of climate change could be on human migration.” It was not until 20 years later, at the 2010 United Nations climate conference in Cancun, Mexico, that countries formally agreed that “climate change-induced migration, displacement and relocation” were among the challenges the world faced in adapting to a warmer planet.In 2012, the Norwegian and Swiss governments established a research entity, the Nansen Initiative, which found that “a serious legal gap exists with regard to cross-border movements in the context of disasters and the effects of climate change.” The initiative has held consultations in four particularly vulnerable regions — Central America, the Horn of Africa, Southeast Asia and the islands of the South Pacific — and plans to recommend a “protection agenda” that may include standards of treatment.People forced to leave their homes because of climate change are not easily classified under existing human rights, refugee or asylum law. In July, a New Zealand court dismissed a landmark case brought by a man from Kiribati, Ioane Teitiota, who had sought to have his family classified as “climate change refugees.” They were deported in September.
446	4	"A new analysis, seen by the BBC, suggests the goals of the UN Paris climate agreement are getting ""within reach.""The Climate Action Tracker group looked at new climate promises from China and other nations, along with the carbon plans of US President-elect Joe Biden.These commitments would mean the rise in world temperatures could be held to 2.1C by the end of this century.Previous estimates indicated up to 3C of heating, with disastrous impacts.But the experts are worried the long-term optimism is not matched by short-term plans to cut CO2.For more than a decade, researchers from the Climate Action Tracker have kept a close eye on what countries' collective carbon-cutting pledges mean for our warming world. After the failed Copenhagen summit in 2009, the group estimated that global temperatures would rise by 3.5C by the end of this century. But the creation in 2015 of the Paris climate agreement, which was designed to avoid dangerous warming of the Earth, made a considerable impact. As a result of the international deal, countries slowly started to switch away from fossil fuels. In September this year, the group concluded that the world was heading for warming of around 2.7C by 2100.This figure was still far above the 2C goal contained in the wording of the Paris pact, and nowhere near the more challenging 1.5C target that scientists endorsed as the threshold to destructive warming in 2018. Their new ""optimistic analysis"" now suggests a rise of 2.1C by 2100.The past three months have seen some key developments. In September, China's President Xi Jinping told the UN that his country will reach net zero emissions by 2060, and that its emissions will peak before 2030. According to the CAT researchers, this could reduce warming by 0.2 to 0.3C by the end of the century. Japan and South Korea have both followed suit, pledging to reach net zero by 2050. South Africa and Canada have also announced their own net zero targets. The other significant change is the election of Joe Biden in the US.Tackling climate change is a major part of his agenda. He has promised to bring the US to net zero emissions by 2050. That move would reduce global temperatures by 0.1C by 2100.""We now have north of 50% of global emissions covered by big countries with a zero emissions by mid-century goal,"" said Bill Hare from Climate Analytics, who helped lead the Climate Action Tracker analysis.""When you add all that up, along with what a whole bunch of other countries are doing, then you move the temperature dial from around 2.7C to really quite close to two degrees."" ""It's still a fair way off from the Paris Agreement target, but it is a really major development,"" he told BBC News. The CAT researchers say they have taken a fairly conservative approach but they readily acknowledge that their optimistic analysis comes with some major caveats. The biggest problem as they see it, is that the near-term plans to cut carbon by 2030 are just not up to the job.""Countries have not yet adjusted their short-term actions to be on a pathway towards the long-term target,"" said Niklas HÃ¶hne, from the NewClimate Institute, who also works on the Climate Action Tracker. ""Long-term targets are easier, they are far away. But short-term actions are happening right now and they affect citizens, they affect voters. And that's why this is much more difficult,"" he told BBC News. The countries that have signed up to the Paris agreement are expected to lodge new carbon-cutting plans for 2030 by the end of this year. It's expected that a number will do so, including the UK and the EU.But there are several countries who are still reluctant to set goals, and many poorer nations are still looking to invest in coal. ""There are countries that still remain bad actors, including Saudi Arabia, Brazil, Australia, Russia, and a few others,"" said Bill Hare. ""And we also have a pipeline of coal plants in the region where I'm working now in Asia. It has not collapsed, it has not gone away, so yes, there's much to be concerned about. And there's much that can go wrong.""According to observers, the response of countries to the Covid crisis is a huge opportunity to focus their short-term spending on renewable energy and increased decarbonisation.""The pandemic opened a window to not only get countries to outline their long-term goal, but to actually move onto the right path so that they can actually achieve the long term goal,"" said Dr Maisa Rojas, who is the director of the Center for Climate and Resilience Research at the University of Chile in Santiago.""Are we going to harness that opportunity? My impression is that many, including the EU, are harnessing it."""
482	0	Wendy Petrie will lose her role as anchor of TVNZ’s flagship news bulletin, Stuff understands. The long-time presenter of 1 News at 6 was told earlier in the week that TVNZ did not intend to keep her on in the anchor role. A source told Stuff that Petrie may not be the only on-screen casualty, with co-presenter Simon Dallow’s future also up in the air. Petrie has hosted the weeknight news bulletin alongside Dallow for 14 years, since taking over from Judy Bailey in 2006. READ MORE: * TVNZ has the chance to show its commitment to diversity with a 6pm anchor shake up * TVNZ looks to cut 100 jobs to save costs - report * 1 News' Wendy Petrie celebrates 50 years of TVNZ news A TVNZ spokeswoman said “we have no comment to make here” when contacted on Saturday night. The move is understood to be part of the company’s wide-ranging restructure. TVNZ operates the nightly 1 News 6pm bulletin from its Auckland studio. Although it's a part-public broadcaster, the network is also commercially funded. The news about Petrie comes after TVNZ's head of news John Gillespie announced his resignation earlier this year. He left in June.
525	0	"The Facebook boycott is unlikely to drive change. Photo / Getty ImagesBusiness Reporter, NZ HeraldCOMMENT:The latest boycott of Facebook, now more than 800 brands strong, has some people asking whether this will be the movement to force change at the social media giant.         Don't hold your breath. This         tango has happened before and now we just have a few more bodies crammed into the dance.        Marketing expert and educator Mark Ritson expects this one to go the same way the others have gone.""We have all been here before,"" Ritson says.""Big brands posture and push back against Facebook's legendary inability to monitor and sanction the content on its site. But then things go quiet. Brands move money back to Facebook. And we wait another few years for another episode to play out.""Facebook's investors certainly don't seem to care too much about the latest boycott. After a small blip, the company's stock price has recovered to be the highest in its history.""People forget that Facebook's DNA is tied to transgression and rule-breaking,"" says Ritson.""When Mark Zuckerberg started Facebook's precursor Facesmash, he raided the IT systems at Harvard to steal all the student headshots for the site. He was meant to be expelled as a result, but not only got away with it, but also moved on to create Facebook a few months later. Zuckerberg knows the rules don't matter. And he is probably, unfortunately, right.""One name you're unlikely to see on any boycott list is that of the New Zealand Government – or any local politician for that matter.This is notable because the Government is one of the biggest advertisers on social media in New Zealand.Data from researcher SMI, tracking advertising spend before the full force of Covid-19 was felt between January and March, saw the Government ranked as the fourth biggest advertiser on social media (which is 98 per cent made up of Facebook). The only sectors bigger than the Government were the food, retail and air travel industries.This research is limited in that it only tracks the spend bought through media agencies and doesn't take into account the millions small and medium-sized businesses spend buying ads directly through the media company.What this data does is give us an indication of the willingness of the Government to pour money into an interface so often criticised for its moral compass.Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern, an avid Facebook user, was this week asked about her position on the social media channel at a post-Cabinet press conference and indicated she would continue to use it.She said she did not believe that a personal boycott of the channel would drive the changes the public would like to see.""Progress has been made,"" she said.""Do I want it to speed up? Yes. Do I want more work to be done at greater pace around, for instance, algorithms— because this is where civil society continues to have a number of concerns? Yes.""But at this stage, my strong view is still that we need to keep trying to make progress through those forums, and my decision not to do a Facebook Live is I don't believe going to make that same inroad.""This is in line with the views of the Association of New Zealand Advertisers chief executive Lindsay Mouat, who told the Herald he did not believe a temporary boycott could drive meaningful change.""I think it's better to engage in dialogue,"" he said.""That's why the Global Alliance for Responsible Media (GARM), set up after the Christchurch attack, that brings advertisers, agencies and media platforms together has a really important role to play to facilitate change and reduce online hate and harm.""A political fightThe business community has some sway, but this is ultimately a political fight.The thing that worries Facebook most isn't a group of protesters huddled together online calling for change. It's regulation.And herein lies the great conundrum.We are dependent on attention addicts to incorporate the policy changes necessary to limit the power of the tool that gives them direct access to the eyeballs and ears of the audience they crave.Donald Trump will beat his chest and complain about social media, then shortly thereafter tweet up a storm about the Confederate flag.It doesn't matter whether a politician is painted in red, blue or green. The allure of unedited, direct access to the masses is simply too good an opportunity to pass up.Facebook understands better than most that this is a political fight. And this is part of the reason the company recruited former UK Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg to take on the role of vice president of global affairs and communications.An op-ed written by Clegg this month in response to the idea that it profits from hate carried an important line that gets to the crux of the issue at hand.""As a former politician myself, I know that the only way to hold the powerful to account is ultimately through the ballot box,"" Clegg wrote.The unintended point Clegg makes here is that if we want to see sharp changes in the rules that govern Facebook, then we need politicians willing to incorporate those rules.There's a parallel here with climate change movement and the argument by economist Mark Jaccard that the single best way for citizens to support climate change is to elect what he calls ""climate-sincere politicians"" and keep them in power.The same thinking applies to regulation in the social media space. The only problem is finding a politician who isn't hooked on the product they're meant to be regulating."
768	5	"The Costa Rican diplomat played a pivotal role in negotiating the Paris Climate Agreement in 2015. But while the deal was widely praised as a landmark achievement, it has since begun to crumble. The United States left the pact under President Donald Trump, and negotiations over key aspects of the deal's implementation have repeatedly failed.Yet Figueres says she still feels upbeat about fighting climate change.""It's a deliberate choice,"" she told CNN in a video call. ""This is not about subjecting ourselves to huge sacrifices that lead us to feeling that we're having a worse life, it's actually exactly the opposite,"" she said.""This is about moving toward a much better life, a life that has better health conditions, that has better urban conditions, that has better transport conditions, that has safer investment conditions.""A slight woman with short hair, Figueres has the sort of no-nonsense attitude that's called for when the future of the world is at stake and it's up to you to find a solution. She took over as the UN's top climate official in 2010, following the failed Copenhagen climate summit in 2009. When the Paris Agreement was signed five years later, Figueres was widely credited with making it happen. She also made the radical decision to bring the private sector and NGOs into the negotiations.The idea that fighting climate change will make people's lives better is a key theme in Figueres' upcoming book ""The Future We Choose.""Figueres and the book's co-author Tom Rivett-Carnac, who were both speaking from the Swiss ski resort of Davos for the World Economic Forum in January, told CNN their ""stubborn optimism"" is inspired by changes they have witnessed first hand. ""We are in a different world than we were two years ago, the level of civil disobedience that has emerged all around the world, we haven't seen for a generation, it's incredibly positive,"" Rivett-Carnac said. The former political strategist used to work with Figueres at the UN and the two have recently teamed up again to set up Global Optimism, an enterprise focused on environmental and social change. They make for a convincing duo. Rivett-Carnac towers over Figueres. She pokes fun at him for dressing up for a news interview. Besides the new book, they also run a podcast which has featured guests including David Attenborough, Jane Goodall and Bill Nye.Figueres and Rivett-Carnac believe that the climate protests and youth strikes seen around the world in recent months will eventually lead to the kind of fundamental change needed to limit global warming to well below 2 degrees Celsius, a key goal of the Paris deal. ""Historically, social change comes about when 3.5% of the population is pressing for it, and that's amazing because we always think you need 100% of people and you don't,"" Figueres said. ""We're almost there, at the 3.5%.""Activists press for changeThe protests have been credited with forcing politicians across the world to raise their game on climate change and introduce stricter targets. When nations signed the Paris Deal back in 2015, they agreed that global emissions of greenhouse gases must peak in 2020 at the latest, and then start coming down -- or the world will face irreversible damage.Under current scenarios, emissions will need to fall by 7.6% every year in the next decade -- way beyond what the governments of the world are currently pledging. According to the UN, if we rely only on the current climate plans, temperatures can be expected to rise by 3.2 degrees this century.Activists like Greta Thunberg and Extinction Rebellion are demanding their governments stick to the Paris ideas and come up with concrete plans.""We do see rays of light,"" Figueres said, pointing to various plans for coal phase-out and increased investment in renewables. ""Whether that's going to add up to a global number, honestly, that remains to be seen,"" she said. Figueres said politics was another reason to be hopeful, because climate change is slowly ceasing to be a divisive issue. One example: when the United Kingdom held a general election in December, all the main parties broadly agreed on the need to tackle the problem.""The UK has finally understood that this is not about party allegiance. This is about the fate of humanity and all humanity, no matter what party you belong to,"" she said. But the shift isn't uniform. In Europe, the discussion centers largely around finding the best way to combat climate change -- how fast, and in what way. In the US and Australia, meanwhile, the issue remains a partisan one in which basic facts are still being debated.""In the US, this issue came, or appeared to come, from the left, and it appeared to come part and parcel with increasing government regulation,"" Rivett-Carnac said. ""Naturally, those who are on the other side of that philosophical debate resist -- without necessarily realizing that there are plenty of solutions that would be consistent with their political worldview.""To shift that attitude, Figueres and Rivett-Carnac point to the idea of climate optimism. Rather than stoking fears about the future or making people give up stuff they care about, Figueres and Rivett-Carnac want to convince people that they are in charge.""Fear does have a role, being woken up out of complacency does have a role... but we need to translate that into a matter of moving forward,"" Rivett-Carnac said.Figueres said humans need to realize they have the power to choose the future. ""That is an incredible opportunity and it is unique in the history of humankind,"" she said. ""My parents and generations before that didn't have the power to say 'we will write history,' they just couldn't, because they didn't have the technology, they didn't have the capital, they didn't understand the policy.""The problem, she said, is that there isn't much time to take this control: A decade, at best. ""Ten years from now, in 2030, we will either have written a very positive story, or we will really be condemned to an endless destruction. So for these 10 years we're holding the pen,"" Figueres said."
635	2	New South Wales Deputy Premier John Barilaro has broken ranks, telling Sky News his own government’s climate policy could mean the end of Australia's agriculture industry. Mr Barilaro took aim at Energy and Environment Minister Matt Kean, saying he did not agree with his policies because a target of zero net emissions by 2050 would be detrimental to regional and rural communities and spell the end to mining and resource jobs. “Our coal is the best and cleanest in the world and that will just be replaced by dirty coal out of India and Indonesia and actually that will have amore detrimental affect on the climate globally,” he said. Reserve Bank Governor Philip Lowe claimed on Thursday climate change was already affecting the Australian economy. Image: News Corp Australia
267	5	"Related: What the latest IPCC climate report says is in store for New Zealand.  Credits: Video - The AM Show; Image - ReutersBy Richard Hodgkins for The ConversationCOP26, which is taking place in Glasgow, is the latest in a series of meetings through which the world's governments attempt to deal with climate change.COP stands for ""Conference of the Parties"": these 197 parties are the United Nations member countries, plus a few small non-UN member countries and the European Union, all of whom support the Framework Convention on Climate Change. This was set up in 1992 to organise a global response to what most people then called the ""greenhouse effect"". It's COP26 simply because this is the 26th meeting.The location of COP meetings changes each time. The last meeting was in Madrid in 2019. There was no COP in 2020 due to COVID-19. The most important COP so far was the 2015 meeting in Paris, which agreed to ""limit global warming to well below 2C, preferably to 1.5C, compared to pre-industrial levels"".It's possible to set a target like this because scientific research has recognised a close relationship between the amount of carbon dioxide in the global atmosphere and its average temperature.In order to achieve the target of ""well below 2C, preferably 1.5C"" the Paris Agreement committed to ""reach global peaking of greenhouse gas emissions as soon as possible to achieve a climate neutral world by mid-century"".The main task for COP26 is to follow through on this commitment and produce realistic plans to reduce global carbon emissions to levels that hold 21st-century global warming as close to 1.5C as possible.As you can imagine, getting 197 different countries, all with their own circumstances and interests, to agree to such plans isn't exactly straightforward: after all, it took 23 years to get to the Paris agreement. Most famously, Donald Trump withdrew the US from the Paris agreement when president, although it returned after Joe Biden's election. So there is some uncertainty about how successful COP26 will be.The main method for reducing emissions is the Nationally-Determined Contribution (NDC) of each country: these are individual countries' climate action plans. For example, the UK's most recent NDC commits it to reducing emissions by at least 68 percent by 2030, compared to 1990 levels.The main problem facing COP26 is that the combined NDCs of all the parties aren't enough to meet the 1.5C target of the Paris agreement. If you combine all the current plans and promises contained in the NDCs, they would lead to a global temperature increase of 2.4C by the year 2100 and if you look at actual emissions now, they would lead to a global temperature increase of 2.9C by 2100.So there is a need for much-improved NDCs, plus effective ways to ensure that countries actually cut all the emissions they pledged to. One of the most important ways is for wealthy countries to provide financial support to enable less wealthy countries to cut emissions, which was an important part of the Paris Agreement but hasn't been fully acted on yet.COP26 matters because the window is quickly closing on the Paris Agreement's 1.5C target: if emissions don't fall very rapidly, very soon, too much carbon will have been added to the atmosphere to keep the temperature from rising higher. Current emissions need to be halved by 2030 to have about a 50:50 chance of keeping to 1.5C. The longer the world delays before cutting emissions, either the harsher the cuts will need to be to meet the target, or the target will be missed altogether.The Paris Agreement matters because a 1.5C world is safer than a 2C world. For example, the proportion of the global population exposed to severe heat at least once every five years is almost three times higher at 2C compared to 1.5C. The reduction in maize harvests in the tropical regions is over twice as great at 2C and coral reefs would be largely eliminated.If COP26 isn't successful, it doesn't mean that we're doomed. But it would make it harder to avoid the worst effects of climate change, such as droughts, heatwaves, floods and rising seas. It's perhaps best to see COP26 as part of the long-term project to keep Earth as safe and habitable as possible for all its people, and the more successful it is, the easier that will be.Richard Hodgkins is a senior lecturer in physical geography at Loughborough University."
370	0	New Plymouth swimmer Jackson Rowlands stamped his mark on the Taranaki Swimming Winter Championships, breaking three individual age group records during the two-day meeting at Stratford. Rowlands, swimming for the New Plymouth Aquabladz​ Club, broke the boys 9 years and under 100m individual medley record, held by Dylan Arlidge since 2006, in a time of 1min 25.77 secs. Rowlands also broke the 100m and 200m freestyle records in the same age group. Stratford Swimming Club’s Dylan Kowaleski broke his own 100m freestyle record in the boys 12-13 years age group. READ MORE: * Olympic hopefuls training in their garages and looking to 2021 * Taranaki swimmer Zac Reid wins big at Surf Life Saving NZ awards * Zac Reid makes history with threepeat in the Flannagan Cup   Rowlands’ Aquabladz club mate Callum Gordon finished an outstanding performance breaking three records in the boys 12-13 age group 50m butterfly, 100m individual medley, and 50m freestyle. A total of 134 swimmers from 16 clubs, including five from Taranaki, competed in age groups from 9-years to 20 at the weekend championships. The meeting was part of the Swimming NZ Aon short course series, and the first regional competition held since the Covid-19 lockdown. A notable omission from the meeting was 2021 Tokyo Olympic Games hopeful Zac Reid, 19, due to an undisclosed injury.
915	3	"In Miami these days, it's all about elevation, elevation, elevation.And long before melted ice caps wash over Ocean Drive, one of America's most vulnerable big cities is becoming a test case for the modern problem of climate gentrification.While some scientific models predict enough polar ice melt to bring at least 10 feet of sea level rise to South Florida by 2100, just a modest 12 inches would make 15% of Miami uninhabitable, and much of that beachside property is among America's most valuable. READ: Millions of US homes at risk of chronic flooding this century, study saysEven now, as more frequent ""king tides"" bubble up through Florida's porous limestone, pushing fish through sewers and onto streets, residents are becoming more aware that their city is built on the rippling shelves, ridges and canyons of a fossil seabed. ""Water is simply going back to the same places it flowed ages ago,"" says Sam Purkis, Chair of the University of Miami's Geosciences Department. ""The irony is what happened 125,000 years ago is going to dictate what happens to your house now.""The fickle undulations between city blocks could mean the difference between survival and retreat, and the rising cost of altitude is sparking a noticeable shift in community activism and municipal budgets.Neighbors in Pinecrest formed America's first Underwater Homeowners Association (complete with elevation yard signs) and named a marine scientist as president. Miami Beach is spending millions elevating roads, upgrading pumps and changing building codes to allow residents to raise their mansions by five feet.But in working-class, immigrant neighborhoods like Little Haiti, year-to-year sea level rise gets lost in the day-to-day struggle, and most had no idea that they live a lofty three feet higher than the wealthy folks on Miami Beach. They found out when developers started calling, from everywhere. ""They were calling from China, from Venezuela. Coming here with cases of money!"" says Marleine Bastien, a community organizer and longtime resident. ""We used to think that the allure of Little Haiti was the fact that it's close to downtown, close to both airports and close to the beach. Unbeknownst to us, it's because we are positioned at a higher altitude.""Pointing out a row of vacant shops, she ticks off the names of a dozen small business owners she says have been forced out by rising rents, and lists others who she says unwittingly took lowball offers with no understanding of Miami's housing crisis.""If you sell your home in Little Haiti, you think that you're making a big deal, and it's only after you sell, and then you realize, 'Oh, I cannot buy anywhere else.'""After her community center and day school were priced out of three different buildings, she caught wind of plans to build the sprawling $1 billion Magic City development on the edge of Little Haiti, featuring a promenade, high-end retail stores, high rise apartments and imagined by a consortium of local investors, including the founder of Cirque du Soleil.Magic City developers insist that they picked the site based on location, not elevation. They promised to preserve the soul of Little Haiti and give $31 million to the community for affordable housing and other programs, but it wasn't enough for Bastien. ""This is a plan to actually erase Little Haiti,"" she says. ""Because this is the one place where immigration and climate gentrification collide.""She fought the development with all the protesters and hand-lettered signs she could muster, but after a debate that went until 1 a.m., commissioners approved the permit with a 3-0 vote at the end of June.""The area we took was all industrial,"" says Max Sklar, VP with Plaza Equity Partners and a member of the development team. ""There was no real thriving economy around these warehouses or vacant land. And so our goal is to create that economy. ""Can we appease everybody? Not 100%, that's not feasible. It's not realistic. But we've listened to them."" He repeats a promise to deliver $6 million to a Little Haiti community trust before ground is even broken and, as a sign that he listened to at least one demand, acknowledges that the complex will now be called Magic City Little Haiti.But while Bastien mourns the defeat, her neighbor and fellow organizer Leonie Hermantin welcomes the investment and hopes for the best. ""Even if Magic City did not come today, the pace of gentrification is so rapid that our people will not be able to afford homes here anyways,"" she says with a resigned head shake. ""Magic City is not the government. Affordable housing policies have to come from the government.""""(Climate gentrification) is something that we are very closely monitoring,"" Miami Mayor Francis Suarez tells me. ""But we haven't seen any direct evidence of it yet.""Suarez is the rare Republican who passionately argues for climate mitigation plans and helped champion the $400 million Miami Forever bond, approved by voters to fund action to protect the city from the ravages of higher seas and stronger storms.""We actually created in our first tranche of Miami Forever, a sustainability fund for people to renovate their homes so that they can stay in their properties rather than having to sell their properties,"" he says.But that fund is a relatively small $15 million, not enough to dent a housing crisis that grows with each heat wave and hurricane, in a city where over a quarter of residents live below the poverty level. What's happening in Little Haiti could be just one example of a ""climate apartheid"" that the United Nations warns is ahead, where there will be a gulf between the rich who can protect themselves from the impact of climate change and the poor who are left behind. Philip Alston, the UN Special Rapporteur on extreme poverty and human rights, said there was already evidence of how the climate crisis affects the rich and poor differently.And he pointed out that those hurt most were likely those least responsible. ""Perversely, while people in poverty are responsible for just a fraction of global emissions, they will bear the brunt of climate change, and have the least capacity to protect themselves,"" Alston wrote last month. "
678	5	"If the left can't come up with a way to solve terror, crime and homelessness, why should we listen to them about a problem the size of the Earth?Bill Nye suggested that the world needs to join together and fight climate change just as it came together to battle the Nazis during WWII.The Science Guy's comments came as he and MSNBC host Chris Matthews were discussing the alleged threats posed by climate change on Wednesday. Nye said he was optimistic about the efforts against climate change and pointed to D-Day as a source of hope.""I am always optimistic about this because tomorrow is the anniversary of D-Day -- and of course there was tremendous loss and tremendous sacrifice -- but it was part of this greater idea that we have a global problem and we're going to solve it,"" he told Matthews.""I always respect that ... both of my parents were veterans ... and we can do this! It's the United States and so things are changing.""Matthews responded approvingly, saying, ""you're our leader, Bill."" Nye, an outspoken activist on climate change, warned earlier in the interview that climate change would pose problems for agriculture and infrastructure.“It's not that we’re all going to die in 12 years,” he said. “It's just we’re not going to be able to move our infrastructure -- our seaports, our railroads and so on -- and move our agriculture away from the equators fast enough to feed everybody as we get to be nine and 10 billion unless we get to work.""Nye made those remarks as 2020 presidential candidates drew greater attention to the issue. Both former Vice President Joe Biden and Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass. released plans in June that align with the controversial ""Green New Deal"" -- an aggressive, some would say unrealistic, attempt by Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, D-N.Y. to combat climate change.Both Nye and Ocasio-Cortez have received attention for their bold claims about climate change. Nye, for example, said the ""planet is on f---ing fire"" in May."
837	4	"with Alexandra EllerbeckWant more emails like this? Sign up for The Energy 202 newsletter.With less than a week until Election Day, Joe Biden’s presidential campaign is looking to bolster turnout among young people concerned about climate change. And it’s doing so with a new ad running on Adult Swim.The animated, 30-second spot during the nighttime programming block on Cartoon Network mocked President Trump, who has called climate change “a hoax,” for his more outlandish claims about global warming. The ad says young people can “silence him” by voting for the Democratic nominee. Adult Swim, better known for its absurdist cartoons than its political programming, caters to an 18- to 34-year-old bracket. The ad is also airing on Comedy Central, home to “The Daily Show” and other political satire that attracts a younger audience, according to the Biden campaign. The former vice president is also running an ad on MSNBC featuring a young forest firefighter. “The Earth is changing,” she says. “Our forests are changing. We have the science, we have the technology, but if we don’t have the leadership that believes in it, then there’s no funding. There’s no support.”The candidate shared that spot on Twitter.And at the beginning of the month, the campaign put out its first general election climate-themed ad, featuring a family of cherry farmers in Michigan.In July, Biden bolstered his climate plan with a commitment to eliminate climate-warming emissions from the power sector by 2035. He did so in part to convince the liberal wing of the party — including skeptical young people — that he should be their candidate. Across all battleground states, Biden needs younger voters, many of whom see global warming as their generation’s defining issue and backed Sens. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) or Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) in the primaries, to turn out for him.In an acknowledgement it needs to do more to reach out to young people, the 77-year-old candidate's campaign put together a climate committee aimed at getting teens and 20-somethings to vote for someone their grandfather’s age.“This is a turnout election,” billionaire activist Tom Steyer said during an Oct. 8 meeting of the campaign’s Climate Engagement Advisory Council. “When young people vote, when you vote, you change everything for the better.”Polling shows young people are more eager to go to the polls than in 2016. A nationwide survey from the Harvard Institute of Politics found nearly two-thirds of 18-to-29 year olds said they will “definitely be voting"" — significantly more than the 47 percent who said the same in 2016.That's in order to appeal to blue-collar workers in the western half of Pennsylvania, which according to some political analysts is the most important swing state of the 2020 election. “I do rule out banning fracking,” he said during the last presidential debate, taking the opposite position of many climate activists.Over the past week, President Trump has repeatedly criticized Biden for calling for a “transition” away from oil, claiming it was “perhaps the most shocking admission ever uttered in the history of presidential debates.”But Evan Weber, a co-founder of the youth-led Sunrise Movement, was glad to see such strong anti-oil rhetoric. “I was very happy to see the vice president be honest and go on offense,” he told our colleagues Sean Sullivan, Darryl Fears and Juliet Eilperin.Still, Biden backtracked right after the debate. Biden told reporters that what he meant was that he wants to end federal subsidies to oil companies. “We’re not going to get rid of fossil fuels,” Biden said. “We’re going to get rid of subsidies for fossil fuels.” “As of Thursday, it will be legal for logging companies to build roads and cut and remove timber throughout more than 9.3 million acres of forest — featuring old-growth stands of red and yellow cedar, Sitka spruce and Western hemlock,” our colleague Juliet Eilperin reports. “The decision, which will be published in the Federal Register, reverses protections President Bill Clinton put in place in 2001 and is one of the most sweeping public lands rollbacks Trump has enacted.”At nearly 17 million acres, the Tongass National Forest is one of the world’s largest intact temperate rainforests. It provides habitat to wild Pacific salmon, Sitka black-tailed deer and the highest density of brown bears in North America. The forest is also a major carbon sink, absorbing carbon dioxide from the atmosphere. “Alaska Republicans — including Gov. Mike Dunleavy and Sen. Dan Sullivan, who is locked in a tight reelection race — lobbied the president to exempt the state from the roadless rule on the grounds that it could help the economy in Alaska’s southeast,” Eilperin writes.But the proposed rule was widely unpopular among those who weighed in during the public comment period — more than 96 percent of the comments opposed lifting the protections. Meanwhile, all five Alaska Native tribal nations withdrew as cooperating agencies involved in the planning process after the U.S. Forest Service published its blueprint for opening up the Tongass.Four years ago, an investment team at the Nature Conservancy, a U.S.-based environmental group, threw a lifeline to the Seychelles, a string of 115 islands in the Indian Ocean. It offered the country, which owed millions to creditors and was bracing for a gloomy future in which climate change decimated its tourism and fishing industries, a chance to refinance $21 million of its debt. In exchange, the government had to spend the money on ocean conservation and designate at least 30 percent of its waters as protected areas, Saqib Rahim reports for The Post. Now that deal may be part of a growing trend.“Historically, ocean protection has been funded by governments, charities and a few ethically minded investors. Today, financial heavyweights like the World Bank, Credit Suisse, Morgan Stanley and the Asian Development Bank are actively pursuing ‘blue bonds,’ a tool that could raise vast pools of private capital for the oceans,” Rahim writes. “Last year, the Nordic Investment Bank issued a $220 million bond to address pollution in the Baltic Sea. Morgan Stanley helped the World Bank sell a $10 million bond for cleaning up plastic waste in oceans — an admittedly small offering that the company saw as a trial balloon”“As the latest overachieving storm in an unforgiving and record-setting season, Hurricane Zeta roared ashore southeast Louisiana Wednesday afternoon. The powerful Category 2 hurricane, which struck near Cocodrie, La., intensified right up until landfall, defying earlier forecasts for a substantially weaker storm,” our colleagues Andrew Freedman, Matthew Cappucci, Paulina Villegas and Jason Samenow report.Zeta’s eye passed over New Orleans, with the hurricane cutting power to over 80 percent of residents. It set a record as the 11th named storm to hit the continental United States this year, and it also mimicked a pattern of rapid intensification seen in strong hurricanes this season. Scientists have linked this intensification, which often occurs just before the storms make landfall, to climate change.Plans to artificially cool the planet to combat the effects of climate change have long been dismissed as impractical or dangerous, but as the devastating effects of global warming become clear, some researchers are calling for another look at solar geoengineering, climate interventions that seek to reflect the sun’s energy back into space, the New York Times reports.“On Wednesday, a nonprofit organization called SilverLining announced $3 million in research grants to Cornell University, the University of Washington, Rutgers University, the National Center for Atmospheric Research and others. The work will focus on practical questions, such as how high in the atmosphere to inject sunlight-reflecting aerosols, how to shoot the right size particles into clouds to make them brighter, and the effect on the world’s food supply,” The New York Times writes.That investment adds to research already being conducted. In December, Congress gave the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration $4 million to research climate geoengineering. Meanwhile, the Australian government is funding research into marine cloud brightening, an alternative to sun-reflective aerosols that involves spraying saltwater into the air to make clouds more reflective.The goal of the mission was to measure how much sunlight is reflected from the ice. The measurement, known as surface albedo, is crucial for predicting rates of sea ice melt. While it can be recorded by airplanes and helicopters, drones are cheaper and can fly below clouds, Bloomberg News reports.“But flying a drone over the planet’s northernmost reaches is no simple feat,” Bloomberg News writes. Scientists have to deal with strong winds, and fog that turns into ice on the blades, and “drones and helicopters have trouble near the North Pole because global positioning satellites suffer small uncertainties at extreme northern latitudes.”"
967	4	"Technologies that can remove carbon dioxide from the air could have huge implications for future food prices, according to new research.Scientists say that machines that remove CO2 from the air will be needed to keep the rise in global temperatures in check.But these devices will have major impacts on energy, water and land use.By 2050, according to this new report, food crop prices could rise more than five-fold in some parts of the world. In the wake of the Paris climate agreement signed in 2015, researchers have tried to understand what keeping the world under a 1.5C temperature threshold would mean in practice.The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) reported on this question in 2018, and found that keeping below this temperature rise would require the world to reach net zero emissions by 2050 but would also need the removal and storage of large amounts of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere.One of the ideas on how to achieve this is called BECCS - bioenergy with carbon capture and storage. It means growing crops that soak up CO2, then burning them for electricity while capturing and burying the carbon that's produced. Critics say this idea would need the deployment of huge amounts of land which would reduce the amount of land for agriculture at a time of increasing global population.Another technology that has raised much interest is called Direct Air Capture (DAC), where machines pull CO2 directly from the atmosphere.A number of experimental installations of this idea have been successfully implemented, notably in Switzerland and Canada.But there has been little research to date on how the deployment of DAC would impact crop and food prices. This new study looks at the large-scale deployment of a range of negative emissions technologies including DAC.The report says that the energy and water resources needed to drive these machines will be on a very large scale.DAC will need large amounts of heat to make the process work, say the authors. This would require energy equal to 115% of current global natural gas consumption.Water for DAC is also a significant cost by 2050, with the machines using 35% of the water currently used in global electricity production.And while DAC reduces the amount of land required, there will still be a need for significant amounts of energy crops and new forests.""I want to make clear that we're not in any way trying to throw cold water on efforts to try and develop DAC,"" says Dr Andres Clarens from the University of Virginia, who led the study.""I think DAC is really very important technology that needs to be developed.""""But in our simulations, what we find is that the world doesn't just go 100% all in on DAC, right? ""Even under optimistic pricing scenarios for the technology, the world is still deploying a decent amount of BECCs, if you want to get to 1.5C. ""DAC is not going to be the only thing.""According to the report, with widespread use of DAC, many parts of the world will see substantial price increases in maize, wheat and rice. The worst affected areas would be in sub-Saharan Africa which could see prices rise by 5-600% by 2050.India, Pakistan and many other countries in Asia could see three to five-fold increases, while Europe and South America could see prices double or treble.But some people involved in DAC reject the report's findings, saying that the authors wrongly assumed that all air capture systems are the same. ""We would like to point out that the paper only analysed liquid sorbent direct air capture technology whilst Climeworks has developed a solid sorbent technology that does not rely on the burning of natural gas or has a need for fresh water to deliver carbon dioxide removal from the air,"" said Christoph Beuttler from Climeworks.""We are confident that if the paper would have made that distinction the reported direct air capture potentials could be significantly higher and the risks lower.""Despite the questions over methods, all involved in negative emissions agree that the longer it takes to implement these technologies, the bigger the impact on food, energy and water. Short-term efforts to decarbonise, particularly in transport and energy production will alleviate some of the difficulties with negative emissions.""I think that negative emissions are going to be important. I think that DAC in particular is going to be important. But I think that it can't be our first order of business. We have to get off fossil fuels as soon as possible,"" said Andres Clarens.""Anybody that thinks we can continue to burn fossil fuels for another decade, because we'll just do DAC, you know, down the road. That's not a viable approach.""The study has been published in Nature Climate Change. "
559	1	One scientist started in the Arctic Ocean and ended up crossing the Russia-Finland border on a folding bicycle procured in Germany.Shortly after he arrived on the RV Polarstern at the end of February, Alexey Niubom learned he would not be going home as planned. The 32-year-old engineer from St. Petersburg, Russia, was among roughly 100 crew members staffing the third leg of a yearlong Arctic research campaign aboard the German icebreaker. From the outset, the trip unfolded like a Jules Verne novel, beginning with a four-and-a-half-week journey toward the North Pole aboard another icebreaker—this one Russian—that almost had to turn around because fuel was running low. Now they were drifting across the central Arctic Ocean at the mercy of the winds, the ocean currents, and the sea ice that the Polarstern was intentionally frozen into last October.The original plan was for Niubom’s team to stay aboard the ship until April. Then transport aircraft were supposed to arrive from the Norwegian archipelago of Svalbard, land on a makeshift sea-ice runway, drop off a fourth crew rotation, and bring the leg-three team back to land.In March, Norway suspended foreign travel because of the pandemic.Under the best conditions, keeping this expedition running for a full year would have been a masterpiece of organization. The Multidisciplinary drifting Observatory for the Study of Arctic Climate, or MOSAiC, involves roughly 500 scientists and support staff rotating on and off the Polarstern for several months at a time in order to maintain the experiments and the high-tech research camps that surround the icebreaker like a frozen fiefdom, collecting data on the weather, ice, oceans, and ecosystems of the central Arctic. MOSAiC is the largest Arctic research campaign in history, and to stay on track as the coronavirus pandemic began disrupting global travel, “we had to change pretty much all of logistics,” says Markus Rex, the expedition lead. “In mid-March, it became clear that none of our plans will work under the conditions of the pandemic.”Niubom wouldn’t set foot on land again until the middle of June. By that point, after nearly five months at sea, he would have done almost anything to get back to his wife and his young daughter in St. Petersburg as quickly as possible. He just didn’t expect that would mean biking into Russia from Finland on a folding bicycle he had procured in Germany.An employee of the Arctic and Antarctic Research Institute in St. Petersburg, Niubom joined MOSAiC to run a seismic system for monitoring tremors in sea ice, and to assist with other ice-related projects. Like most members of the third crew rotation, when he learned he was going to be helping out aboard the Polarstern considerably longer than expected, he took the news in stride.“In the Arctic, you cannot plan everything as you would like; here you are a hostage to the situation,” Niubom wrote me in an email. And as the pandemic worsened around the world, he tried to see the upside in his situation: “We’re going without masks and gloves with no fear. We are the only ones in the world who would hold football matches, though on ice.” (For this very international team, football, naturally, meant soccer.)Read: A year on iceMost people who sign up for polar expeditions do so, in part, because they love working in extreme environments—the more unknown, the better. Taneil Uttal, who led MOSAiC’s atmospheric-research team from mid-December through February, chose a winter shift because she “thought it would be the most interesting, unknown, and extreme” leg of the trip. (Normally, she works as a scientist at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration in Boulder, Colorado.) Being part of MOSAiC’s winter crew meant working outside on days as cold as –50 degrees Fahrenheit and knowing what to do when polar bears wander into your research camp; it meant working six and a half days a week on a monochromatic moonscape where the sun never rose. People did all that and more: “They would come home and have dinner, and then go skiing and walking on the ice,” she says. “We would have bonfires out on the ice, parties out on the ice. People just loved being out on the ice.”MOSAiC researchers were prepared to face isolation and harsh conditions. But tossing out years of painstakingly choreographed logistics and keeping their scientific work going amidst a global pandemic presented a new level of challenge. And although Niubom and his colleagues were steeled to stay aboard the Polarstern as long as was necessary, they also had families to return to, families that needed their support more than ever. “Day by day, the awareness of this problem became clearer, and something had to change,” Niubom said.The pandemic made this hard. At first it seemed like Niubom’s crew might be able to travel home aboard a Swedish icebreaker scheduled to resupply the Polarstern in June. Then, Swedish travel restrictions kicked in, and that vessel was forced to cancel its journey north. After weeks of unsuccessfully attempting to charter icebreaker after icebreaker, MOSAiC’s coordinators drew up an alternate plan: The Polarstern would break free of the ice and travel hundreds of miles south in order to link up with a pair of German vessels. Instead of taking place in mid-April, this maritime crew swap would occur in May.Even that far into spring, when the darkness and the bitter cold of winter had given way to milder weather and endless sunlight, the ship encountered thick sea ice on its journey south, delaying its arrival by about a week. In early June, it finally managed to break through the southern ice edge and link up with the RV Sonne and the RV Maria S. Merian in waters off the coast of Svalbard, where the swap took place.Read: The time I got stranded in AntarcticaOnce free of the ice, each crew member still had to find a way home. After the ships made port in the German city of Bremerhaven, many participants would need to fly halfway around the world, at a time when global travel remained severely disrupted. Niubom’s situation was particularly challenging: The Sonne and the Merian were due to arrive in Germany on June 15, but there were no flights from Germany to Russia until the end of the month. A direct flight “would mean for Alexey waiting for two weeks in a hotel in Bremerhaven,” says the MOSAiC coordinator Elena Tschertkowa-Paulenz, who was helping many participants work through travel issues. “He was not amused about such a scenario.”But Tschertkowa-Paulenz was able to find flights from Germany to Finland, and St. Petersburg isn’t that far from the Finnish border. All trains and buses across the border were suspended, but when Tschertkowa-Paulenz called the Finnish border police, she learned that it would be possible for Niubom to cross in a personal vehicle. Finally, the two devised a plan: Niubom would fly into Helsinki, take a train to the Finnish border town of Imatra, and bike into Russia, which was less than 10 miles away.The central Arctic Ocean is one of the least understood environments on Earth, and a key goal of MOSAiC is to capture the first-ever year-round data set on it. Ultimately, the troves of information scientists are collecting will be used to answer fundamental questions about the Arctic and improve global climate models.Extricating the Polarstern from the ice pack it had been drifting with for months and making the glacially slow trek toward open water meant sacrificing some of that data. All told, the ship’s southward detour resulted in a roughly three-week gap in MOSAiC’s yearlong records, says Rex, the expedition leader. Although this will “absolutely have an impact” on the science, considering the alternative, Rex sees that impact as “very mild.”“Other expeditions, pretty much all the other activities I know, had to be canceled because of the corona pandemic,” he says. “We are still up and running.”Read: The power of fear in the thawing ArcticIndeed, as the challenges mounted for MOSAiC, many scientists had to scrap their fieldwork plans altogether. Numerous spring and summer research cruises were delayed by the pandemic; NASA suspended several Earth-science airborne campaigns. Countless researchers abandoned plans to do spring and summer fieldwork abroad as their institutions issued travel restrictions and as countries closed their borders. Many have refocused their efforts on work that can be done remotely.“The pandemic has already reshaped my research pretty significantly,” says Sarah Cooley, a postdoctoral fellow at Stanford University who studies Arctic hydrology. Although Cooley had intended to spend most of April and May in northwest Greenland interviewing locals about changing sea-ice conditions, instead she has spent the past few months in California, working on a completely different project using satellite data. The Cambridge University volcanologist Lis Gallant and her colleagues had to cancel plans to travel to Chile, where they were going to start a project on local perceptions of natural hazards. Her team is now chatting with researchers there about enlisting grad students to lay the groundwork. Likewise, the Columbia University anthropologist Lisa Ilboudo-Nébié and the climate scientist Weston Anderson are in the process of hiring a field assistant to start the work they now can’t, interviewing pastoralists in Senegal for a study on water resources and food security.Given struggles such as these, and the myriad field expeditions that have been suspended indefinitely because of the coronavirus, MOSAiC’s persistence is a testament to the enormous effort that went into staging the expedition in the first place. “It’s really jaw-dropping that MOSAiC is still running,” says Uttal, the NOAA scientist.The logistical gymnastics its administrators have pulled off to get participants home underscore that. The MOSAiC coordinator Tschertkowa-Paulenz says that under normal circumstances, her logistics department would be involved only in arranging travel to the Polarstern. “But during corona time, nearly everything was extraordinary,” she says.To get Niubom home, Tschertkowa-Paulenz went on eBay to search for a folding bike that he could pack in his airport luggage. She managed to find one at a “reasonable price,” she says, in Bad Bederkesa, a town not far from Bremerhaven. On the evening of June 12, Tschertkowa-Paulenz drove to Bad Bederkesa and bought the bike from a girl named Isabelle. “As I told her that I need this bicycle to cross the border, I think she thought I am making jokes,” Tschertkowa-Paulenz says.The day Niubom arrived at Bremerhaven, Tschertkowa-Paulenz met him at a train station to hand it off and wished him luck on his adventure.His first challenge was flying from Germany to Finland, already a surreal experience during pandemic times but especially so for someone who had just spent five months on a boat. (“I looked like a dog that was released for a walk for the first time in five months,” he said.) At the airport, he had to check the folding bike in a special case as an extra piece of luggage, which wound up costing about as much as the bike itself. And although Niubom said the bike was in “excellent condition” when he packed it, by the time he opened that case in Finland, its front and rear lights had been broken.Read: I just flew. It was worse than I thought it would be. Still, he was determined to ride the bicycle into Russia if he could. But by the time he arrived in Imatra that evening, the sun was going down. His 50-pound luggage was bigger than the trunk of the diminutive two-wheeler, and despite his best efforts to tie it down, the luggage fell off en route and had to be re-attached. Between what he was carrying and his own weight, Niubom worried the bike frame would snap in half.On top of all that, he was traversing unfamiliar countryside on roads that were being repaired, and his phone wasn’t connected to the internet.“I had to stop people on the street and ask for directions to Russia,” Niubom said. “It was getting dark, and I was afraid that I would be left in the woods with a broken bike without food and be bitten by mosquitoes.”The folding bike held out. After an hour and a half, he arrived at the border, which consisted of little more than a road barrier and customs officers. On the Russian side, however, Niubom was detained by a woman from the public-health department who didn’t approve of his plan to order a taxi the rest of the way home. Someone had to pick him up in person, she insisted. He had to sit on a chair, waiting, for about four hours, all the while getting devoured by mosquitoes.“Finally,” Tschertkowa-Paulenz says, “the border police and the serious lady [gave up] and ordered a taxi for Alexey on themselves.” Niubom arrived home at 3:30 in the morning, exhausted but overjoyed to see his family. He was particularly happy that his 2-year-old daughter still seemed to recognize him.Given everything he went through this year, I was curious to know whether Niubom would sign up for an expedition like MOSAiC again. “No, suddenly there will be a new virus,” he joked. But he recognizes how fortunate he was to participate. Few of us, after all, will ever step foot on an ice-covered ocean, much less live and work on one for months as the sun creeps over the horizon and the world awakens from a long polar night.“When I learned from the news that thousands of Russian citizens could not return from abroad, I realized that it would not be a bad option to continue working on the ship,” Niubom said. “But in the end, I decided to risk trying to return. Those who don’t take risks don’t drink champagne.”
842	3	"More than a year later, in January 2021, a Facebook employee noted a similar concern when searching for ""climate change"" on the social network's video-on-demand service, Facebook Watch. The second result, according to the employee, was a video titled ""Climate Change Panic is not based on facts."" The video had been posted nine days earlier and already had 6.6 million views, according to another internal post. These examples were flagged by Facebook (FB) employees on the company's internal site, according to documents reviewed by CNN Business. These were part of the hundreds of internal company documents included as evidence to support disclosures made to the Securities and Exchange Commission and provided to Congress in redacted form by Facebook whistleblower Frances Haugen's legal counsel. A consortium of news organizations, including CNN, reviewed the redacted versions received by Congress. The documents highlight how, for years, some employees of the social media company — which recently changed its name to Meta — have raised alarms about climate change misinformation spreading on its platforms, and called on the company to do more to crack down on it. There has long been public pressure on the social media company to take action on climate change misinformation. In March, CEO Mark Zuckerberg admitted to lawmakers that ""climate misinformation ... is a big issue."" This week, Meta announced additional climate-related efforts that coincided with the start of the COP26 Climate Summit, where world leaders gathered to discuss efforts to prevent catastrophic disruptions due to climate change. Meta was already facing heavy scrutiny following the leak of tens of thousands of pages of internal documents Haugen took from the company, now known as the ""Facebook Papers.""  Although Facebook has taken a number of steps in recent years to address climate change misinformation, it has so far resisted calls to remove such content altogether, the way it does for Covid-19 or election misinformation. Instead, it has focused on efforts to promote good information and relies on third-party fact checkers to label false claims.  On Monday, the company's VP of Global Affairs, Nick Clegg, announced in a blog post additional steps Facebook is taking to address climate change, including expanding informational labels on some posts about climate change to more than a dozen countries.  But the company's own research has hinted at limitations with some of its strategy, including highlighting user trust and awareness issues with its Climate Science Center, a dedicated hub for climate change information that launched last year, the documents show. Some employees have also expressed concern that Facebook's current efforts aren't sufficient, documents show. In a comment on another internal post from earlier this year about the company's efforts to combat climate change — including by enabling people to raise funds to fight climate change on Instagram and Facebook — one employee said: ""This is great work. Can we take it a step farther and start classifying and removing climate misinformation and hoaxes from our platforms?"" Meta has repeatedly said the ""Facebook Papers"" paint a skewed picture of the company and its efforts. The company said the internal documents underscore ""the reasons why we've launched our Climate Science Center and has informed our approach to connecting people with authoritative information about climate change from the world's leading climate change organizations.""""As a result, more than 100,000 people are visiting the Climate Science Center every day and we're continuing to update it with new features and more actionable resources so people know how they can make a difference,"" Meta spokesperson Kevin McAlister said in a statement to CNN Business. He added that on Facebook Search and Watch, the company has removed climate denial suggestions and now directs users to the Climate Science Center and other authoritative information sources, and that misinformation makes up only a small percentage of all climate-related content on the company's platforms. Experts, however, say the stakes could not be higher for Facebook to further ramp up its solutions for this problem — and soon.  ""Given that [climate change] is an existential threat, we can't be casual about the seriousness about the threat of climate misinformation,"" said John Cook, a post-doctoral research fellow at the Climate Change Communication Research Hub at Monash University. ""It needs to be addressed with the same level of urgency and proactiveness that they're showing with Covid-19 and election misinformation."" The shortcomings of Facebook's climate misinformation strategy Facebook launched its Climate Science Center last fall in an effort to provide users with authoritative, reliable information about climate change and climate science. In September, it said the resource had expanded to 16 countries and was reaching more than 100,000 daily visitors. (Facebook had 1.93 billion daily active users as of that same month.) On Monday, the company said the Climate Science Center will soon be available in more than 100 countries.  But the company's internal documents suggest there may be barriers to effectively countering misinformation with the Climate Science Center.  ""Facebook is a key place for people to get information related to climate change, so there is an opportunity to build knowledge through our platform,"" according to one internal report posted in April. However, the researchers found user awareness of the Climate Science Center was low. The report said 66% of users surveyed who had visited the center ""say they are not aware"" of it; 86% of those who hadn't visited it said they didn't know about it. The report also found that some users did not trust the information Facebook published in its Climate Science Center, especially US users. This tracks with research on the effects of climate misinformation, according to Cook. ""Providing facts is necessary but it's insufficient to deal with misinformation,"" Cook said, adding that his and others' research has found that ""misinformation can cancel out facts."" For example, if a Facebook post says one thing and a fact-check label says another, it can leave a user confused and believing neither. An effective strategy to address climate misinformation ""needs to be a mix of providing facts and countering misinformation with fact checking, but also there need to be efforts to reduce the spread of misinformation or to bring down misinformation,"" Cook said. Meta, however, says that research was meant to inform internal discussions but was not representative of its user base and therefore not to measure casual relationships between its users and real-world issues. It also notes that some outside research has found that, in general, people in the United States are less likely to believe in climate change than people from other countries. A Pew Research survey from last year, for example, found that the United States ranked among the bottom in a list of 14 developed countries in terms of its citizens believing global climate change is ""a major threat"" to their country.Facebook says it does ""downrank,"" or reduce the spread, of climate change content that third-party fact checkers have labeled as false, and says ""we take action"" against pages, groups or accounts that regularly share false claims about climate science.   ""We work with a global network of over 80 independent fact-checking organizations who review and rate content, including climate content, in more than 60 languages,"" the company said in blog post Monday. ""When they rate content as false, we add a warning label and move it lower in News Feed so fewer people see it. We don't allow ads that have been rated by one of our fact-checking partners."" But it doesn't outright remove climate change misinformation — something it does do for misinformation about Covid-19, vaccines and elections.  Zuckerberg explained that policy to lawmakers in a March hearing. ""We divide the misinformation into things that could cause imminent physical harm, of which Covid misinformation that might lead someone to get sick ... falls in the category of imminent physical harm, and we take down that content. And then other misinformation are things that are false but may not lead to imminent physical harm, we label and reduce their distribution but leave them up,"" he said.   However, environmental advocates say climate change does indeed present imminent threats to safety. ""People around the US have faced harm from extreme events just in the last few months with Hurricane Ida and people dying, wildfires across the West and extreme heat in the Northwest,"" said Kathy Mulvey, accountability campaign director for the Climate & Energy team at the Union of Concerned Scientists. ""Climate change is not a threat in the future, it's a reality in the present."" "
568	4	"A man walks along Lake Tuz in Turkey on October 25. The lake is a victim of climate change-induced drought that has hit the region as well as decades-long wrongful agricultural policies. Photo / APFor centuries, Lake Tuz in central Turkey has hosted huge colonies of flamingos that migrate and breed there when the weather is warm, feeding on algae in the lake's shallow waters.This summer, however, a heart-wrenching scene replaced the usual splendid sunset images of the birds captured by wildlife photographer Fahri Tunc. Carcasses of flamingo hatchlings and adults scattered across the cracked, dried-up lake bed.The 1665 square kilometre lake — Turkey's second-largest lake and home to several bird species — has entirely receded this year. Experts say Lake Tuz (Salt Lake in Turkish) is a victim of climate change-induced drought, which has hit the region hard, and decades of harmful agricultural policies that exhausted the underground water supply.A post shared by Fahri Tunc (@fahri.tunc)""There were about 5000 young flamingos. They all perished because there was no water,"" said Tunc, who also heads the regional branch of the Turkish environmental group Doga Dernegi. ""It was an incredibly bad scene. It's not something I can erase from my life. I hope I do not come across such a scene again.""Several other lakes across Turkey have similarly dried up or have receded to alarming levels, affected by low precipitation and unsustainable irrigation practices. Climate experts warn that the entire Mediterranean basin, which includes Turkey, is particularly at risk of severe drought and desertification.In Lake Van, Turkey's largest lake, located in the country's east, fishing boats no longer could approach a dock last week after the water fell to unusual levels, HaberTurk television reported.""(We have) rising temperatures and decreasing rain, and on the other side, the water needs for irrigation in agriculture,"" said Levent Kurnaz, a scientist at Bogazici University's Center for Climate Change and Policy Studies. ""It's a bad situation all over Turkey at the moment.""A study based on satellite imagery conducted by Turkey's Ege University shows that water levels at Lake Tuz started to drop beginning in 2000, according to Turkey's state-run Anadolu Agency. The lake completely receded this year due to rising temperatures, intensified evaporation and insufficient rain, according to the study.The study also noted a sharp decline in underground water levels around Lake Tuz, a hypersaline lake that straddles the Turkish provinces of Ankara, Konya and Aksaray.The Konya basin in central Anatolia, which includes Lake Tuz, was once known as Turkey's breadbasket. Farms in the region have turned to growing profitable but water-intensive crops such as corn, sugar-beet and alfalfa, which have drained groundwater supplies, photographer Tunc said. Farmers have dug thousands of unlicensed wells while streams feeding the lake have dried up or been diverted, he said.Environmental groups say poor government agricultural policies play a significant role in the deterioration of Turkey's lakes.""If you don't pay them enough money, the farmers, they will plant whatever is water intensive and will make money for them. And if you just tell them it's not allowed, then they won't vote for you in the next election,"" Kurnaz said.The overuse of groundwater is also making the region more susceptible to the formation of sinkholes. Dozens of such depressions have been discovered around Konya's Karapinar district, including one that Associated Press journalists saw next to a newly harvested alfalfa field.A post shared by Fahri Tunc (@fahri.tunc)Tunc, 46, a native of Aksaray, is saddened by the thought that he won't be able to enjoy the flamingos with his 7-month-old son like he did with his 21-year-old son. He remains hopeful, however, that Lake Tuz may replenish itself, if the government stops the water-intensive agriculture.Kurnaz, the climate scientist, is less optimistic.""They keep telling people that they shouldn't use groundwater for this agriculture and people are not listening. There are about 120,000 unlicensed wells in the region, and everybody is pumping out water as if that water will last forever,"" Kurnaz said.""But if you are on a flat place, it can rain as much as you want and it won't replenish the groundwater in a short time. It takes maybe thousands of years in central Anatolia to replenish the underground water table,"" he added.The drought and flamingo deaths at Lake Tuz were just one of a series of ecological disasters to strike Turkey this summer, believed to be partly due to  climate change.In July, wildfires devastated swaths of forests along Turkey's southern coast,  killing eight people and forcing thousands to flee. Parts of the country's northern Black Sea coast were struck by floods that killed 82 people. Earlier, a layer of sea mucilage, blamed on soaring temperatures and poor waste management, covered the Sea of Marmara, threatening marine life.Although Turkey was among the first countries to sign the 2015 Paris climate agreement, the country held off ratifying it until this month as it sought to be reclassified as a developing country instead of a developed one to avoid harsher emission reduction targets. Turkish lawmakers issued a declaration rejecting the status of developed country at the same time they ratified the climate agreement.In the town of Eskil, near the shores of Lake Tuz, farmer Cengiz Erkol, 54, checked the irrigation system on his field growing animal feed.""The waters aren't running as strong and abundant as they used to,"" he said. ""I have four children. The future doesn't look good. Each year is worse than the previous year.""- AP"
293	3	A domino-like cascade of melting ice, warming seas, shifting currents and dying forests could tilt the Earth into a “hothouse” state beyond which human efforts to reduce emissions will be increasingly futile, a group of leading climate scientists has warned.This grim prospect is sketched out in a journal paper that considers the combined consequences of 10 climate change processes, including the release of methane trapped in Siberian permafrost and the impact of melting ice in Greenland on the Antarctic.The authors of the essay, published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, stress their analysis is not conclusive, but warn the Paris commitment to keep warming at 2C above pre-industrial levels may not be enough to “park” the planet’s climate at a stable temperature.They warn that the hothouse trajectory “would almost certainly flood deltaic environments, increase the risk of damage from coastal storms, and eliminate coral reefs (and all of the benefits that they provide for societies) by the end of this century or earlier.”Fifty years ago, this would be dismissed as alarmist, but now scientists have become really worried“I do hope we are wrong, but as scientists we have a responsibility to explore whether this is real,” said Johan Rockström, executive director of the Stockholm Resilience Centre. “We need to know now. It’s so urgent. This is one of the most existential questions in science.”Rockström and his co-authors are among the world’s leading authorities on positive feedback loops, by which warming temperatures release new sources of greenhouse gases or destroy the Earth’s ability to absorb carbon or reflect heat.Their new paper asks whether the planet’s temperature can stabilise at 2C or whether it will gravitate towards a more extreme state. The authors attempt to assess whether warming can be halted or whether it will tip towards a “hothouse” world that is 4C warmer than pre-industrial times and far less supportive of human life.Katherine Richardson from the University of Copenhagen, one of the authors, said the paper showed that climate action was not just a case of turning the knob on emissions, but of understanding how various factors interact at a global level.“We note that the Earth has never in its history had a quasi-stable state that is around 2C warmer than the preindustrial and suggest that there is substantial risk that the system, itself, will ‘want’ to continue warming because of all of these other processes – even if we stop emissions,” she said. “This implies not only reducing emissions but much more.”New feedback loops are still being discovered. A separate paper published in PNAS reveals that increased rainfall – a symptom of climate change in some regions - is making it harder for forest soils to trap greenhouse gases such as methane.Previous studies have shown that weakening carbon sinks will add 0.25C, forest dieback will add 0.11C, permafrost thaw will add 0.9C and increased bacterial respiration will add 0.02C. The authors of the new paper also look at the loss of methane hydrates from the ocean floor and the reduction of snow and ice cover at the poles.Rockström says there are huge gaps in data and knowledge about how one process might amplify another. Contrary to the Gaia theory, which suggests the Earth has a self-righting tendency, he says the feedbacks could push the planet to a more extreme state.As an example, the authors say the loss of Greenland ice could disrupt the Gulf Stream ocean current, which would raise sea levels and accumulate heat in the Southern Ocean, which would in turn accelerate ice loss from the east Antarctic. Concerns about this possibility were heightened earlier this year by reports that the Gulf Stream was at its weakest level in 1,600 years.Currently, global average temperatures are just over 1C above pre-industrial levels and rising at 0.17C per decade. The Paris climate agreement set actions to keep warming limited to 1.5C-2C by the end of the century, but the authors warn more drastic action may be necessary.“The heatwave we now have in Europe is not something that was expected with just 1C of warming,” Rockström said. “Several positive feedback loops are already in operation, but they are still weak. We need studies to show when they might cause a runaway effect.Another climate scientist – who was not involved in the paper – emphasised the document aimed to raise questions rather than prove a theory. “It’s rather selective, but not outlandish,” said Prof Martin Siegert, co-director of the Grantham Institute. “Threshold and tipping points have been discussed previously, but to state that 2C is a threshold we can’t pull back from is new, I think. I’m not sure what ‘evidence’ there is for this – or indeed whether there can be until we experience it.”Rockström said the question needed asking. “We could end up delivering the Paris agreement and keep to 2C of warming, but then face an ugly surprise if the system starts to slip away,” he said. “We don’t say this will definitely happen. We just list all the disruptive events and come up with plausible occurrences … 50 years ago, this would be dismissed as alarmist, but now scientists have become really worried.”“In the context of the summer of 2018, this is definitely not a case of crying wolf, raising a false alarm: the wolves are now in sight,” said Dr Phil Williamson, a climate researcher at the University of East Anglia. “The authors argue that we need to be much more proactive in that regard, not just ending greenhouse gas emissions as rapidly as possible, but also building resilience in the context of complex Earth system processes that we might not fully understand until it is too late.”
878	4	"Twenty years ago, George Moss didn't often worry about planting trees to shade his cows. Cows in chilly Tokoroa didn't experience searing heat. Now, he's at the end of two extremely hot, dry, summers and he's started having meetings with a tree-planting company. ""We are seeing significant change in the climate down here,"" he says. ""We have had droughts, the daytime highs are getting higher and the winters are warmer than they were when we came down here 25 years ago."" In 20 years, say Niwa climate projections, temperatures in Waikato, where Moss owns two dairy farms, will be 0.7-1.1 degrees Celsius hotter than they were in 1995. In 70 years, without cuts to emissions, Waikato could be up to 3.1C hotter. READ MORE: * Stuff to publish New Zealand's daily carbon count in print and online * Climate change adaptation as important as mitigation, MP Shane Jones says * Milking it: Work to clean water also curbs greenhouse gas emissions * Farms need drastic change to lessen climate change impact There'll be fewer frosts and more drought days in what is currently New Zealand's lushest dairy country - even if the world meets its carbon targets. Yet when Moss tries to plan for global heating, he struggles to balance a dizzying array of factors. Finances, cutting his own emissions, and working out what crops will grow in a future he can't yet imagine. ""It's a wicked problem,"" Moss says. ""You fix one thing and you blow out something else. We need help to find those win-wins."" Such wins may be possible, according to a new report from two National Science Challenges, but only with careful planning now. The research, led by Anne-Gaelle Ausseil of Manaaki Whenua Landcare Research, found farmers and growers must adapt faster - or deal with lost production, heat-stressed cows and crop shortages. Beef, sheep and dairy farmers aren't the only ones who are vulnerable. Wine growers risk producing wine that doesn't taste as good as it once did, because some grape varieties will flower earlier. Depending on the farm or vineyard, adapting to climate change might mean planting different grape varieties, sowing maize for cow-feed earlier, changing fertiliser patterns, or protecting cows from over-exertion on hot days, the research says. (Cows cope better with cold than with heat). In some places, farming might have to cease. The key is to start planning early. But to do that, farmers need models that bring in the shifting climate, plant properties, environmental effects, water availability and finances. Those tools are not quite there yet. However, the latest report - from Our Land and Water and Deep South science challenges - shows it is possible to have a successful food-growing sector in a much more challenging climate. ""The farming sector could be more resilient and profitable under climate change, if we use precision agriculture and give serious thoughts to what sectors we put in what places,"" says one of the authors, Waikato University freshwater scientist Troy Baisden. ""You can see the possibilities, but we need to drill deeper in each particular region."" BEEFY CHALLENGE Focusing initially on three regions - Waikato, Hawke's Bay and Southland - the researchers modelled 80 years of climate change to see what it would do to crop and grass growth. Baisden says they already knew that beef and sheep farms would be hit harder by climate change than would dairying - and the modelling confirmed that. The main reasons are that many dairy farms in dry regions are already irrigated, and they tend to use more fertiliser, making them better at coping with drought, says Baisden. ""Dairy systems are simply more fertile, so they work better, even in a dry climate."" The climate news was not all terrible for farmers, or people who enjoy eating New Zealand-grown food. Areas that were once too cool for grapes could become ripe for vineyards. Overall, the models found pasture growth around the country could stay about the same, but there would be winners and losers in different regions. Increased carbon dioxide and warmer winters could actually help grass grow in some places, despite drier summers. The maize many farmers grow to supplement cows' diets will grow in a shorter burst, earlier in the year, leaving time to plant wheat, oats or other crops in the same paddocks. On the other hand, animals will feel much more heat stress, so they'll need careful husbandry, including more trees to shade them, the research found. There will be more competition for fresh water for irrigation - especially in Waikato. In a blow to councils' struggling efforts to clean up pollution in lakes and rivers, the modelling also found that more extreme rainfall could worsen nitrates leaching from paddocks into waterways, particularly in Southland. ""Many regions will experience a shift in seasons"", says Baisden. ""In Southland that's relatively positive, but in other areas, particularly the East Coast of the North Island, it's much more difficult. Finding feed for animals over summer and into autumn just gets a lot harder,"" he says. ""The big question is whether farmers have the ability to adapt fast enough."" For some, adapting may not be possible. Detailed modelling in Hawke's Bay showed that farmers in some remote areas would likely struggle to grow things. ""The hill country areas are quite hard hit,"" says Baisden. WAY FORWARD The researchers hope their findings will be turned into detailed tools that farmers can use to visualise how they might use land in future. The Ministry for Primary Industries is exploring creating that kind of tool. Moss has already reacted to increased dry spells by planting deeper-rooted chicory in his paddocks, because it withstands droughts better than does ryegrass. He's stopped applying fertiliser during dry summers - it's pointless, since the grass won't grow without water. Researchers are using his land to test ways to shrink greenhouse gases. But he would love to see more detailed modelling, incorporating all the things he needs to think about as a farmer who wants to reduce his impact. ""You've gotta develop a vision of what you want to do,"" Moss says. ""Not only do we need to adapt to climate change, and adapt quite fast, but, morally speaking, we absolutely need to minimise our impacts on greenhouse gas and water,"" he says. ""Yet at same time we're trying to maintain profitability. It's not easy, let me tell you."""
109	4	Prince Harry today said it was 'pretty depressing' that children were growing up in a world where their home country was 'either on fire or underwater', insisting that climate change must be tackled 'at the source'.The Duke of Sussex warned that mental health and climate change are 'the two most pressing issues' society is facing, as he spoke in 'The Me You Can't See: A Path Forward', which came out on Apple TV+ early this morning.Harry also talked about an analogy of 'walking into the bathroom with a mop when the bath is over-flooding, rather than just turning the tap off' - and said the world needs a 'reckoning moment' after the Covid-19 pandemic.Speaking to Oprah, the Duke said: 'With kids growing up in today's world, pretty depressing, right, depending on where you live, your home country is either on fire, it's either underwater, houses or forests are being flattened.'Climate change is really playing a huge part in this as well as social media, and we just don't - well, I mean, I know lots of people out there are doing as best they can to try and fix these issues - but that whole sort of analogy of walking into the bathroom with a mop when the bath is over-flooding, rather than just turning the tap off.'Are we supposed to accept that these problems are just going to grow and grow and grow and then we're going to have to adapt to them and build the resilience amongst the next generation and the next generation and the next generation?'Or is there really a moment, a reckoning moment, post-Covid, where we can actually look at each other, look at ourselves and go 'we need to do better about stopping or allowing the things that are causing so much harm to so many of us at the source, rather than being distracted by the symptom'.'Harry lives with his wife Meghan Markle and their son Archie in an £11million mansion at Montecito in California, a state that has faced devastating wildfires recently with four of the largest in the state's history last year alone.And scientists said yesterday that dry weather this year raises the risk of severe fires in Brazil's Amazon rainforest and Pantanal wetlands, warning a drought could fuel destruction of biomes cruicial to curbing climate change. Texas mom accidentally shoots her 5-year-old son in the stomachNeighbours at war over the placement of their garbage binBodycam shows police shootout with two children in FloridaUS soldiers are chased out of their Stryker by a RACCOONAussie drives his forklift into a Hungry Jacks drive-thruMotorway fly-tippers caught by police and made to pick up messMoment toddler beams after seeing parents' faces for first timePaddleboarder gets surprise of his life when seal hops on boardHeart-stopping moment lion pounces for five-year-old at Edinburgh ZooMan makes hilarious observation with the recent Covid-19 newsWatch two jet skiers collide head on and get thrown into the airValedictorian slams Texas' abortion law during commencementPrince Harry and Meghan Markle board a private jet at Nice Airport in August 2019 after visiting Sir Elton John's mansionThe Duke of Sussex has spoken in 'The Me You Can't See: A Path Forward', which came out on Apple TV+ early this morningAmid concerns over drought conditions in America's South West, a total of 2,340 fires have already burned 14,340 acres only five months into this year, a rise on 1,284 fires and 11,793 acres in the same period in 2020.Speaking on the new Apple TV+ programme, Harry also said: 'I believe even more that climate change and mental health are two of the most pressing issues that we're facing and, in many ways, they are linked. 'With kids growing up in today's world, pretty depressing, right, depending on where you live, your home country is either on fire, it's either underwater, houses or forests are being flattened.'Climate change is really playing a huge part in this as well as social media, and we just don't - well, I mean, I know lots of people out there are doing as best they can to try and fix these issues - but that whole sort of analogy of walking into the bathroom with a mop when the bath is over-flooding, rather than just turning the tap off.'Are we supposed to accept that these problems are just going to grow and grow and grow and then we're going to have to adapt to them and build the resilience amongst the next generation and the next generation and the next generation?'Or is there really a moment, a reckoning moment, post-Covid, where we can actually look at each other, look at ourselves and go 'we need to do better about stopping or allowing the things that are causing so much harm to so many of us at the source, rather than being distracted by the symptom'.' 'I believe even more that climate change and mental health are two of the most pressing issues that we're facing and, in many ways, they are linked.'The connecting line is about our collective well-being and when our collective well-being erodes, that effects our ability to be caretakers of ourselves, of our communities and of our planet ultimately.'We have to create a more supportive culture for each other where challenges don't have to live in the dark, where vulnerability is healthy and encouraged and, of course, where physical and mental health can be treated equally because they are one.''The connecting line is about our collective well-being and when our collective well-being erodes, that effects our ability to be caretakers of ourselves, of our communities and of our planet ultimately.'We have to create a more supportive culture for each other where challenges don't have to live in the dark, where vulnerability is healthy and encouraged and, of course, where physical and mental health can be treated equally because they are one.'The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have attracted significant condemnation over the past few years for taking private jet journeys while regularly speaking out on environmental issues.The fiercest criticism came in August 2019 when Harry and Meghan took four private jet journeys in 11 days to and from Nice and Ibiza, rather than opting for commercial flights.But the Duke has previously insisted he spends '99 per cent of my life travelling the world by commercial' and launched a sustainable travel initiative called 'Travalyst' which aims to better protect tourist destinations.The concept of climate change and mental health being linked under so-called 'eco-anxiety' was discussed in a paper in The Lancet in April 2020 called 'Mental health and climate change: tackling invisible injustice'.The authors, Harriet Ingle and Michael Mikulewicz, said: 'In countries hit by disasters we are likely to see increases in mental distress and the ability to recover will be determined by having efforts that promote resilience.'However, even in countries not yet directly affected by devastation due to climate change, there are numerous personal and clinical accounts of subclinical depressive emotions, despair, and guilt associated with the climate crisis and other global environmental issues.'A key factor that contributes to climate anxiety is knowing danger is coming but not having any appropriate scripts, skills, or direct agency in place to mitigate it.'So-called eco-anxiety is understood as the presence of anxiety in relation to the existential threat that the climate and ecological crises represent.'Distress related to impending environmental change, such as eco-anxiety and habitual ecological worrying, is increasingly noted by mental health professionals, although there are no official statistics on how many people are affected.'During the latest Apple TV+ show, which followed his docuseries with Oprah that came out last Friday, Harry also spoke with Robin Williams's son Zak about the difficulties of grieving a family member who was in the public eye.  The Duke and Duchess of Sussex disembark from a commercial plane upon their arrival at Suva in Fiji in October 2018Prince Harry (left) launched a sustainable travel initiative called 'Travalyst' in Amsterdam in September 2019Robin Williams, the four-time Oscar winning actor, took his own life in 2014. Zak said: 'From my end it was really hard to separate initially the process of privately grieving versus sharing the grieving with the general public.'I really didn't get a chance to really focus on the private grieving process until a year and a half after my dad passed away.'The duke, whose mother Diana, Princess of Wales, died in 1997, said: 'I think we have a lot of shared experience when you talk about that ... when you see so many people around the world grieving for someone they feel as though they knew them better than you did in a weird way because you're unable to grieve yourself.'It's like ... how are you grieving more for someone who was my parent and I'm unable to grieve myself?' A firefighter works to stop the spread of Loma Fire last week off Via del Cielo in Santa Barbara, California, on May 21Harry and Meghan faced criticism in August 2019 after taking four private jet flights in 11 days, rather than commercial flightsThe 90-minute show had experts from The Me You Can't See advisory board further discussing issues raised during the five-part series on mental health.Earlier in the docuseries, Harry said he was 'somewhat ashamed' of the way he dealt with Meghan sharing her suicidal thoughts before a charity event at the Royal Albert Hall in London in 2019.Harry picked up on a point raised by Jo Robinson, head of suicide prevention research at Orygen, about the importance of talking openly about suicide and self-harm.Such communication helps give voice to something that's 'terribly distressing and terribly frightening for them to talk about', she said.The duke said: 'I think it's so interesting because so many people are afraid of being on the receiving end of that conversation (about suicide) because they don't feel as though they have the right tools to be able to give the right advice but what you're saying is you're there. Harry and Robin Williams' son Zak spoke on Oprah's show of the difficulties of grieving a family member in the public eyeOprah and Harry speak with mental health professionals and experts in 'The Me You Can't See: A Path Forward' this Friday'Listen, because listening and being part of that conversation is, without a doubt, the best first step that you can take.'Pop superstar Lady Gaga and actress Glenn Close also featured in the series, with Gaga discussing her serious mental health struggles after she was raped as a teenager.Close returned for the conversation special and spoke about the impact of Covid-19 on her wellbeing. She told Harry and Winfrey: 'It has directly affected my mental health. It helped that I had a dog.'I think - and I was thinking about this today - we have gone through an amazing, unprecedented time now. For me, I think it's as big a shift in the world as 9/11 was.
148	0	OPINION: I’m a Kiwi living with my Taiwanese-Kiwi husband in Taipei, the capital of Taiwan. The coronavirus response here has been incredibly impressive. This is an island nation of 23.8 million people just a few hundred kilometres from China, and a million Taiwanese were working across the strait, mostly in densely populated cities like Shanghai and Beijing with hundreds of flights back and forth. However, there is a pretty heavy distrust of China's regime here, as well as experience with SARS. As soon as there was any mention of a virus back in December, they started doing health checks on flights from Wuhan and soon blocked flights altogether despite WHO advice to the contrary. The vice president of Taiwan is a John Hopkins trained epidemiologist who cooperated intensely with all the relevant ministries on their responses. The borders were closed entirely in mid March except to citizens and residents. READ MORE: * A Kiwi in Oman: A 40-day mourning period followed by strict lockdown * Coronavirus NZ podcast: Life in New York at the height of the pandemic * Coronavirus: The truth about life for Kiwis returning to New Zealand We never experienced any lockdown here. We never stopped going to work, and the economy has remained largely open the entire time, so GDP is still expected to grow this year albeit at a much slower pace than expected due to the global slowdown. Temperature checks and hand sanitiser have been in use since February at virtually every school, restaurant, workplace, and public space. The most noticeable affects of Covid-19 were mostly from March until June, when mask wearing and some social distancing were enforced. Nightclubs and large events (more than 50 people) were shut down. I work as a drag queen called Taipei Popcorn, so all my performance gigs disappeared during that time but I’m now back to full bookings. Temperature checks, sanitiser and an ID register are required for everyone entering the club. I'm a teacher here too and our classes continued throughout, but everyone was required to wear a mask, check their temperature and hand sanitise.  The drama in New Zealand with border quarantines has been largely nonexistent here. People are quarantined or isolated at a government approved location (can be a hotel, Airbnb or even a private home as long as you are alone there).The cost is partially subsidised by the government, but the remainder is covered by the individual, as there was ample notice here before the borders closed (unlike New Zealand's lockdown, which had to be implemented quickly). If you left Taiwan after the border closures you are required to pay full quarantine costs upon return. People are subjected to random checks, and called twice a day. On top of that, phones are GPS tracked so if they leaves quarantine or the battery shuts down the person will be called. If no-one picks up they will be visited within 10-30 minutes by a compliance agent. Just to reiterate, Taiwan is not an authoritarian state. It is an open democracy with full elections, open internet, freedom of speech and civil rights like same sex marriage and mass protest. These somewhat draconian coronavirus measures are seen as a necessity, and have the full support of the population. Compliance is extremely high. The medical mask supply was ramped up through government support of local factories. The savvy young digital minister, Audrey Tang (who comes from a hacker background), rolled out a digital quota system in just a few days through our medical health cards. Taiwan has high quality universal medical care for every citizen and resident through a system of microchipped cards tied to your ID (a doctor’s visit costs $5NZD with medicine included). Each person was able to cheaply purchase three masks a week (now up to ten every fortnight), accessible by scanning your health card at a pharmacy. Taiwan also donated tens of millions of these locally produced medical masks to countries hit by the coronavirus. Taiwan is not a member of the World Health Organisation (WHO). It had observer status previously, but was removed in 2016 due to pressure from an angered China after Taiwan elected a president who is pro-independence.  We're at 455 total cases now  and life here is pretty normal, apart from the closed borders. Every few days a case is found at the border but it is always caught in quarantine so there is no danger. All this coronavirus success was achieved outside of the WHO system, and Taiwan had to share its information and successful health strategies through other channels. I hope one day this wonderful place I call home can be a full member of the WHO and share its top notch medical knowledge and medical systems with the world, as well as access the information it needs. Taiwan and the world deserve no less.
99	2	Ivanka Trump on Tuesday pointed out carbon emissions have declined since 2019 under Donald Trump after CNN's Jake Tapper blamed the coronavirus for the fall.  The spat between the TV host and first daughter began after she tweeted: 'FACT: Greenhouse gases generated by the U.S. will slide 9.2% this year, tumbling to the lowest level in at least three decades.'Tapper then replied to the White House adviser to say: 'This is largely because of the pandemic and the economic catastrophe it wrought.' He then shared a link to a Washington Post article on the issue, writing: '2/ Kind of an important detail.' But when she hit back, telling him the emissions were declining in 2019 before the pandemic, Tapper was then forced to concede, this time arguing market forces were at play and not policy.   On Twitter, pro-Trump users noted that is 'awesome'; another said 'Capitalism wins again.' President Trump, who has worked to undo most of Barack Obama's efforts to fight climate change, again railed against the Paris climate accord on Sunday. The U.S. exited the Paris pact on November 4, a decision Trump has faced criticism for.Ivanka Trump, left, on Tuesday pointed out carbon emissions have declined since 2019 under Donald Trump after CNN's Jake Tapper, right, blamed the coronavirus for the fallThe spat between Tapper and Ivanka began after she tweeted: 'FACT: Greenhouse gases generated by the U.S. will slide 9.2% this year, tumbling to the lowest level in at least three decades'Tapper then replied to the White House adviser to say: 'This is largely because of the pandemic and the economic catastrophe it wrought. 'The biggest drop in emissions this year came from the transportation sector, where emissions fell 14 percent, dragged down by a steep drop in air travel and automobile trips.''Ivanka hit back, telling him the emissions were declining in 2019 before the pandemicTapper was then forced to concede, this time arguing market forces were at play 'rather than policies'Trump told world leaders at a virtual summit that the agreement was designed to cripple the U.S. economy, not save the planet. 'To protect American workers, I withdrew the United States from the unfair and one-sided Paris climate accord, a very unfair act for the United States,' Trump said. President-elect Joe Biden, who takes office in January, has said he will rejoin the global pact that the U.S. helped forge five years ago.  Following the Twitter spat a number of users - including Trump supporters - claimed it as evidence that the private sector had 'dealt' with the problem 'better than giant globalist accords'.The Federalist correspondent David Marcus said: 'It's almost as if letting the private sector deal with the problem is better than giant globalist accords.' RedState senior editor Joe Cunningham added: 'A solid argument for free-market solutions rather than government ones.' Radio host Derek Hunter tweeted: 'Mostly natural gas, Jake, which the left wants to ban the drilling for with their push to end fracking. But hey, you do you.'Following the Twitter spat a number of users noted the private sector had 'dealt' with the climate problem 'better than giant globalist accords'With its giant economy, the U.S. has far more raw emissions of climate-damaging carbon dioxide to cut than any other country except China.A more telling measure of progress in various countries is to look at what percentage of emissions a county has cut. Since 2005, the United States hasn't been even in the top 10 in percentage of greenhouse gas emission reductions.The main drivers of carbon emissions are transportation, at 28%, electricity, at 27%, and industry at 22% of all emissions. In the last decade coal-fired power stations have closed rapidly, with natural gas and renewables use both increasing rapidly.Transport emissions had ticked up under Trump, continuing a trend which began in 2011 and is broadly in line with economic growth. Most transport emissions are from cars and light trucks, making them highly responsive to the state of the economy. Manufacturers, however, have increased efficiency so the 2019 fall could be due to economic growth of 2.3% - far below the 4% promised by Trump - and increased efficiency combining to generate lower emissions.
381	0	MANDALAY, Myanmar — An ominous rumbling was the only warning the young jade miner had that something was wrong.Within seconds he was running, but before he could take even a few steps he was swept away by a huge wave of mud and water. Tumbling underwater, he managed to reach the surface, swimming for half an hour before finding land.“I thought I would die,” said the miner, Ko Aung Kyaw Htay, 23, on Friday, a day after the disaster at Wai Khar mine in northern Myanmar left an estimated 200 people dead. “I still can’t believe I escaped. I have no idea what happened to the other people working around me. I guess they all died.”Mr. Aung Kyaw Htay was one of hundreds of unauthorized jade pickers scavenging on the edges of the Wai Khar open-pit mine in Kachin State, the lucrative center of Myanmar’s jade trade where rebels and government forces are facing off, when disaster struck. Heavy rains from the annual monsoon had filled the giant mine with water, creating a lake. Just after sunrise on Thursday, a wall of the mine collapsed, crashing into the lake and generating a wave more than 20 feet high.250 milesINDIACHINAHpakantLANDSLIDEBANG.KACHINMYANMARLAOSBay ofBengalTHAILANDBy The New York TimesHe survived with only scratches. But he saw no sign of 50 other miners who were working nearby when the wave hit.By Friday afternoon, searchers had recovered 172 bodies floating on the lake or washed ashore at the mine in Hpakant township. An additional 54 were injured.Similar disasters are an almost annual occurrence in the jade fields of Myanmar, which produce about 70 percent of the world’s jade and generate billions of dollars a year. Most of the jade mined there is exported across the border into China.The jade industry, largely controlled by the military and its crony companies, operates in near secrecy. The military is in constant conflict with rebel groups in the region, including the Kachin Independence Army, which is seeking self-rule and is said to extract its own revenues from mining operations.Jade pickers say the rebel group assesses fees for letting them operate on the fringes of the government-authorized mining operations.About 300,000 miners come from all over the country to hunt for jade — about two-thirds of them working illegally — even though it is extremely hazardous.Small landslides, which go unnoticed in the outside world, kill 100 or more miners a year. Major mine collapses, like the Wai Khar disaster, occur nearly annually.“Actually people are dying from accidents almost every day here,” said U Tin Soe, who represents the region in Parliament. “We just don’t have a record of it.”The Wai Khar mine, which is operated legally by a consortium of five companies, had officially shut down Tuesday for the rainy season because of the danger of landslides. It will reopen in October.But the jade pickers — who often work for local bosses and must pay a share of their earnings to rebel groups that operate in the area — immediately moved into the mine this week despite the risk.Mr. Tin said the nature of the region and the miners’ desperation make it difficult to prevent frequent disasters.“There is no rule of law in this area,” he said. “All the miners have to take responsibility for the continuous landslides in Hpakant. It happens because of their greed. Nobody can stop it.”Daw Moe Thandar and her younger brother, Ko Moe Myint, came to Hpakant two years ago from the city of Thandwe in Rakhine state to work as unauthorized jade pickers.Mr. Moe Myint, 20, began work early on Thursday at the Wai Khar mine. His sister, 28, learned of the landslide around 8 a.m. and raced there.She found her brother lying on the ground in a row of dead bodies.“That moment was like the end of my world to see my little brother lying there,” she said. “I feel like someone took my life too.”She said she worried her aging parents would be overcome by grief at hearing the news.“We just wanted to have enough money to survive,” she said, crying. “But our lives are gone.”Myanmar, also known as Burma, was controlled for decades by the military, which still maintains vast authority and operates autonomously under the 2008 Constitution that it enacted.The military owns two large conglomerates, which have extensive operations in a wide range of businesses, including jade.A study by the anti-corruption group Global Witness found that Myanmar’s jade business was worth as much as $31 billion in 2014, almost half the country’s gross domestic product.“The government has turned a blind eye to continued illicit and rapacious mining practices in Hpakant despite vowing to reform the hazardous sector,” said Paul Donowitz, campaign leader at Global Witness. “This was an entirely preventable tragedy that should serve as an urgent wake-up call for the government.”Mr. Aung Kyaw Htay, the survivor of the Wai Khar disaster, moved to the region three years ago from the city of Magway in central Myanmar.Until a few months ago, he worked independently as a jade picker and said he had to pay a share of his earnings directly to the Kachin Independence Army. His biggest find was a piece of jade he sold for $2,200. He said he paid nearly $600 of it to the rebels.“People from the KIA are everywhere and they can smell who is selling the jade and who has the good quality jade,” he said, referring to the rebel group. “If you don’t pay you will be shot and die anonymously.”Mr. Aung Kyaw Htay said he recently decided to work for a local mining boss because he could no longer make it on his own after the economic downturn caused by the coronavirus pandemic.Myanmar has been largely unaffected by the virus, at least according to official data, with only 304 reported cases and six deaths in a population of 54 million.But the pandemic has largely shut down the global market for jade, especially in China, and Mr. Aung Kyaw Htay said he could not survive without buyers.The boss, who operates outside the law like his pickers, typically pays for food and a place to stay and keeps half of whatever they find.Despite Mr. Aung Kyaw Htay’s narrow escape, and the scratches on his arms, legs and face, he has no intention of quitting.“There is no other job for me,” he said. “It’s better to die than to live with nothing to eat. I know this work is very dangerous, but living in hunger is just as dangerous.”And unlike on other jobs, if his luck holds in the jade mines, he hopes one day that he will strike it rich.“If I find a good quality, high-price piece of jade,” he said, “my dream is to buy a house in my hometown and marry a beautiful girl.”Saw Nang reported from Mandalay, Myanmar, and Richard C. Paddock from Bangkok.
345	4	"Related video: The Government has committed a massive $1.3 billion to helping developing countries tackle climate change - and at least half will go to the Pacific.   Credits: Image - Getty Images; Video - NewshubBy Nathan Cooper for The Conversation. Last week's formal recognition by the United Nations Human Rights Council that the right to a healthy environment is an essential human right has been heralded as a historic victory for environmental protection and an important step forward for the world's most vulnerable people.It's also significant for coming on the eve of the UN Climate Change Conference (COP 26) in Glasgow next month, billed as the last best chance to pledge emissions reductions large enough to head off the worst consequences of global heating and associated ecological harm.On the other hand, UN recognition doesn't make the right to a healthy environment legally binding. No New Zealander can now claim a remedy from the courts because our environment doesn't meet the standard of being clean, healthy and sustainable.So, what does a human right to a healthy environment really mean? Is it largely rhetorical, or will its adoption have tangible consequences both internationally and in Aotearoa New Zealand?Despite its limitations, this new human right is certainly not useless. It's the first time a right to a healthy environment has been explicitly recognised at the global level.The right obliges states to protect against environmental harm, to provide equal access to environmental benefits and to ensure a minimum standard of environmental quality for everyone to enjoy.Arguably, this paves the way for better global standards, bolder climate litigation, and even for more equitable sharing of the burdens and benefits of climate change.It also creates a Special Rapporteur on Human Rights and Climate Change, focused on tackling the effects of climate change on people's enjoyment of their human rights.And it's likely other global and regional bodies, including the UN General Assembly and the Council of Europe, will soon acknowledge the right to a healthy environment.Developments like this would make the right more credible and more visible, transforming it into an effective tool for challenging states and corporations to do more on environmental protection.Overall, the right to a healthy environment reflects a new urgency to push environmental issues back up the international agenda. For example, plans to adopt a ""Global Pact for the Environment"" next year are gaining momentum.Proponents are describing the pact as the most comprehensive international text ever on environmental rights, essential for protecting everyone and everything from the ""triple planetary emergency"" of climate change, pollution and nature loss.Already, in places where a right to a healthy environment is part of domestic law, court decisions are resulting in stronger climate action.The Colombian Supreme Court, for example, recently decided that deforestation of the Amazon violated a right to a healthy environment for present and future generations, and required the government to put protections in place.Meanwhile, the Nepalese Supreme Court has held that the government must take action on climate change as part of its citizens' constitutional right to a clean environment.From these and many more national examples, we can be confident that recognising a right to a healthy environment will help improve the implementation of environmental laws, help fill gaps in legislation and support respect for human rights generally.New Zealand's courts and policymakers look to international human rights for guidance and standards. As recognition of the right to a healthy environment grows internationally, we can expect to see greater reliance on it here.But there is one specific area where I anticipate this right may provide a new approach: climate-change mitigation.When it comes to greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and New Zealand, the elephant in the room – or the cow in the field – is the dairy industry. Between 1990 and 2018 New Zealand's GHG emissions rose by 24 percent. The increase was driven largely by methane from livestock and nitrous oxide from fertilisers.Both of these GHGs are many times more potent than carbon dioxide. Continuing to operate with this level of GHG emissions will make it extremely difficult for New Zealand to do its fair share of climate change mitigation or meet its international climate change obligations.The right to a healthy environment, then, could become a new lever for achieving big changes in a small window of time.A rights-based approach to the environment will encourage a conversation around what a healthy environment means and who should enjoy it. It may even provide a fresh vocabulary for discussing broader issues, such as land use, transport and power.As we battle COVID-19 at home, it's tempting to take our eye off the grave environmental challenges ahead. To do that would be a mistake.The full potential of a human right to a healthy environment remains to be seen. What is certain, however, is that a healthy environment is essential for human health and well-being – and that protecting people and protecting nature are always interconnected.This article is republished from The Conversation under a Creative Commons license. Read the original article here."
134	1	"Nationals Senator Matt Canavan says it might be necessary to “rekindle the benefits of unorthodoxy” to create an effective government response to climate change.During Senate estimates a CSIRO official failed to explain why a previous CSIRO finding which said there was no evidence to suggest a link between climate change and bushfires was not found in a recent document explaining the bushfires.Mr Canavan told Sky News host Chris Kenny it would have been “pretty easy” to include the fact there has been no evidence linking climate change and bushfires in the document. He said climate change activists however demand “it has all got to be one way"" and ""everything is a cause of climate change"".“Scientists sometimes feel that pressure too and are somewhat reticent to put the more complex picture into papers like this,” he said.“It is very easy to blame climate change and that becomes the orthodoxy and cannot be challenged, yet it leads to some very poor policy decisions. “Everyone apparently is saying if we shut down coal-fired power stations there won’t be any bushfires in Australia anymore.“It is absurd but it gets somehow established as gospel in this place.”Image: News Corp Australia "
544	4	"Liberal Senate Democrats who are launching a new effort to seize the  political offensive on climate change say they have enthusiastic backing  from the chamber's Democratic leadership team.Senate Environment and Public Works Committee Chairwoman Barbara Boxer and Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse on Thursday announced a new Climate Action Task Force.Whitehouse told reporters at a briefing that Majority Leader Harry Reid supports their  efforts to raise the visibility of the topic.""I think Harry Reid has really shifted to a more supportive and  positive and enthusiastic strategy,"" the Rhode Island Democrat said.  ""A  lot of the things that we are doing involve getting his blessing, and we  have that.""Reid praised the new effort in a statement, citing a ""moral obligation"" to future generations to address climate change. ""I'm pleased that these and other Senators are coming together to bring greater attention to climate change and extreme weather and the need to do something about it,"" he said.Whitehouse also said that Sen. Chuck Schumer has agreed to have more  climate-related speakers at the regular Thursday meetings of the  Democratic Policy and Communications Center, a group the New York  Democrat chairs. Al Gore spoke to the group late last year.Overall, Boxer said the new task force has more than a dozen members  and is designed to ""wake up Congress to the disturbing realities of  climate change.""""The purpose is to use the bully pulpit of our Senate offices to  achieve that wake-up call,"" she said at the briefing. ""We believe that climate change is  a catastrophe that is unfolding before our eyes, and we want Congress  to take off the blindfolds.""She and Whitehouse sketched out several activities the task force  will undertake, which include press conferences; bringing more members to the floor to discuss climate change; stepped-up engagement with outside groups that work on the topic; defending against GOP legislation to thwart federal climate-change regulations; and promoting legislation on energy efficiency and alternative fuels.One overarching goal is to eventually force an opening for major  climate legislation, which is currently in a deep freeze in Congress and  lacks votes. Boxer and Whitehouse both want to eventually see passage of legislation that sets taxes or fees on carbon emissions.Whitehouse said there is a ""vast and broad array of armies"" that  understand the danger of climate change and are willing to fight on the  topic, but they're confronting a ""barricade of special-interest lies  around Washington and around Congress.""Whitehouse sees the task force as a way to create political space for  putting a price on carbon emissions. ""Once that barricade is broken,  all sorts of legislation becomes possible, because suddenly Congress has  to get real,"" he said.Boxer and Whitehouse plan to hold a press conference with members of the task force on Tuesday.They also say they are engaged with the White House on climate efforts.The task force is one of several Democratic climate groups in  Congress, including the Bicameral Task Force on Climate Change that  Whitehouse launched with Rep. Henry Waxman, D-Calif., in early 2013."
244	5	The government's climate change advisers have been tasked with setting out a strategy that could see the UK bring its carbon emissions to zero by 2050.Such a target would be in line with the ambitious targets laid out in the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change's recent report, which revealed unprecedented changes were needed across society to limit global warming to 1.5C above pre-industrial levels.Meanwhile, one of the UK's biggest energy suppliers has completely dropped fossil fuels in favour of wind power - setting the agenda for the nation's future power supply - and the three activists jailed for protesting against fracking have been freed.Here you can follow the latest climate change news from the UK and around the world after scientists urged nation's to take action last week.Please allow a moment for the live blog to loadRead our full mailing list consent terms hereRead our full mailing list consent terms hereScottish Power says it is giving us a taste of the future as it sells off its fossil fuel assets and goes 100% renewable.I'm wrapping up for today, but tune in again for more climate change news tomorrow.The Australian government currently has no plans to reduce emissions beyond 2020, and now its ministers have made it clear they have no plans to end the nation's love affair with coal - despite the IPCC's warnings.When considering the news about climate change, it is easy to think of it as a vague, abstract entity - but the reality is that this is something that is already affected people's lives. Scientists are increasingly confident attributing the likelihood and intensity of particular events - hurricanes, droughts, heatwaves - to the changing global climate.This year we have already seen climate change's fingerprints on events from Europe's summer heatwave to Cape Town's drought. In this piece from our Middle East correspondent Bel Trew, she looks at how vanishing water resources could fuel the next war in the Middle East and North Africa:This morning a Dutch appeals court upheld a historic ruling that ordered the government to slash the country's greenhouse gas emissions by at least 25 per cent by 2020 from benchmark 1990 levels. The decision means the government will have to accelerate decarbonisation. The order to increase emissions cuts is particularly pertinent a day after the IPCC report concluded global efforts to reduce greenhouse gases are far from sufficient.The original June 2015 ruling came from environmental group Urgenda on behalf of 900 Dutch citizens, and has been followed by several similar cases in countries across the world.Judge Tan de Sonnaville said:Climate change is a grave danger. Any postponement of emissions reductions exacerbates the risks of climate change. The Dutch Government cannot hide behind other countries emissions. It has an independent duty to reduce emissions from its own territory.Tessa Khan, co-director of the Climate Litigation Network said:Today’s judgment is a resounding vindication of all our demands that governments act decisively on climate change.  As yesterday’s IPCC report confirmed, time is not on our side and our actions in the next few years will determine our future. The Appeal Court made it clear that if governments fail to urgently reduce emissions, they are knowingly putting their citizens in harm’s way. This judgment puts governments all over the world on notice. Ordinary people in Ireland, Belgium, Switzerland, Norway and the US are already turning to the courts to protect their human rights in the face of devastating climate change. Governments have no more excuses for inaction after today; they must ramp up their ambition without delay or face the consequences.If you're still unclear about what the report was all about, how it came about, and what it means for you - fear not! I have assembled a handy explainer to help you out:
135	2	"A ""barrage of freezing weather"" has caused concern for polar bears, residents in the United Kingdom, those on board a ""Russian tanker trapped in an abundance of Arctic ice"" and climate change ""luvvies,"" says Outsiders host Rowan Dean. Mr Dean referenced recently published documents which found ""the total snow mass in the Northern Hemisphere"" is currently running above the average and ""growing"". ""According to the United States Department of Agriculture and the National Weather Service it was the snowiest February on record across Montana and South Dakota,"" he said. ""Meanwhile, March is set to bring yet another barrage of freezing weather to the UK... and in New York, waterfront homes at Lake Erie are completely covered in ice. A cold snap and blizzard over the weekend froze the entire area in ice up to three feet thick"". Image: Getty "
590	4	Google was accused of authoritarian behavior after announcing YouTubers who deny climate change will be banned from making money on the tech giant's  platforms.   In a controversial statement issued Thursday, Google, which owns YouTube, announced that advertisers and publishers, as well as YouTube creators, will be prohibited from making ad revenue off content that contradicts 'well-established scientific consensus around the existence and causes of climate change,' Axios reported.'This includes content referring to climate change as a hoax or a scam, claims denying that long-term trends show the global climate is warming and claims denying that greenhouse gas emissions or human activity contribute to climate change.'The company said it decided to ban climate change deniers from making money off its platforms in response to frustration from advertisers and content creators about their messages appearing alongside that of climate deniers.The announcement came one day after CEO Sundar Pichai unveiled a new suite of tools that gives users more information about how they could cut their greenhouse gases'Advertisers simply don't want their ads to appear next to this content,' the company said in a statement. 'And publishers and creators don't want ads promoting these claims to appear on their pages or videos.' But the move was deemed authoritarian by anti-woke author Vivek Ramaswamy as  fears grow that tech giants are censoring non-progressive views.He tweeted: 'Big Tech has spoken: It’s time to end the debate about climate change.'Tech firms including Google, Facebook and Twitter have repeatedly been accused of censoring conservative voices online, many of whom take a more skeptical outlook on climate change.  Big Tech has spoken: it’s time to end the debate about climate change.https://t.co/XofAnnHrCwGoogle and YouTube will prevent anyone who denies climate change from monetizing their platforms with ads or creator payments under a new policyTo evaluate which content is deemed inappropriate, employees 'will look carefully at the context in which the claims are made, differentiating between content that states a false claim as a fact, versus content that reports on or discusses that claim.'The company added that it has consulted with representatives of the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change Assessment reports to create the policy, and will use a combination of automated tools and human review to enforce the new policy - which goes into effect next month.The announcement comes just one day after the company unveiled a new suite of tools that give users more information about ways to cut their greenhouse gas emissions, with Google Maps now showing users the most eco-friendly route to get somewhere.It will default to that route when the estimated travel time is comparable to other fuel-intensive options.The program was developed in partnership with the United States Energy Department's National Renewable Energy Laboratory in Colorado, and uses metrics like road congestion and incline.'We believe this feature will have the same impact next year as taking over 200,000 cars off the road,' said Alphabet and Google CEO Sundar Pichai in a video announcement.One of the new tools Google introduced is a new feature in Google Maps which shows users the most fuel-efficient route to get somewhereAdditionally, he said, Google Flights is now displaying the carbon emissions of various flight options - taking into account the type of plane used, the route and the seating options, as first and business class seats have a higher greenhouse gas footprint than a coach seat because they take up more room.And the company's hotel search feature now shows if a hotel has made sustainability commitments and whether they have eco certifications from independent organizations.The company is also designing a new landing page for when people search for 'climate change' and other basic climate science and policy terms to show the 'most reliable' information from neutral organizations, according to Axios.It is all part of the company's goal to enable a 'billion sustainable actions' by 2022. Last year, Facebook launched a Climate Science Information CenterMeanwhile, Facebook launched a Climate Science Information Center last year.The platform steers users to the site when they search climate related terms, and in countries where it is not available, the site directs users to the United Nations Environmental Programme website.In February, the social media giant added a section aimed at 'debunking myths' about climate change, in consultation with experts from George Mason, Yale and the University of Cambridge.The social network also debuted a program in the UK that starts adding labels to some users' posts on climate, which would steer them to the Center.'We want to expose people to information that helps them interpret and react to common myths around climate change they may encounter,' Edward Palmieri, Facebook's sustainability director told Axios at the the time.John Cook, a George Mason expert in climate communication, also said research shows that simply telling people they are wrong is not enough, 'You also have to explain why or how it is wrong,' he said of the idea of the Climate Science Information Center.'That is important from a psychological point of view.'Google has previously faced criticism for reportedly demonetizing the right-wing site The Federalist over a 'black crime' tag it uses for several of its storiesMeghan McCain's husband runs The Federalist. She tweeted that the company was trafficking 'in digital fascism' Donald Trump Jr. piled into the debate, saying big tech 'wants to have it both ways' The Federalist is run by Meghan McCain's husband Ben Domenech But big tech companies have come under scrutiny in the past for their apparent censorship.Last year, Google sparked outrage and accusations of censorship after banning right-wing website ZeroHedge and cautioning The Federalist from its ad platform.NBC reported at the time that The Federalist had used a 'black crime' tag to categorize content, which likely prompted Google to demonetize the right-wing site.It also flagged a story in which a journalist claimed the media was 'lying' by reporting that white supremacists were involved in looting. It specifically singled out CNN and the New York Times.   ZeroHedge was similarly flagged for claiming the BLM protests sweeping the nation were being funded by Democrat mega-donor George Soros.  A Google spokeswoman was quoted by NBC as saying it had 'removed both sites' ability to monetize'. However, Google later said it had never demonetized The Federalist - which is run by Meghan McCain's husband, Ben Domenech - and that it got in touch to address something in the website's comments section that violated standards. In response, McCain tweeted: 'Google is now trafficking in digital fascism. How soon until all conservative speech and publications are completely banned?' Donald Trump Jr. also said the company was trying to have it 'both ways' by on the one hand seemingly trying to hold The Federalist accountable for comments posted on its site, while shirking responsibility for what appears in its search results.A Google spokeswoman at the time said in a statement: 'We have strict publisher policies that govern the content ads can run on and explicitly prohibit derogatory content that promotes hatred, intolerance, violence or discrimination based on race from monetizing.   When a page or site violates our policies, we take action. In this case, we’ve removed both sites’ ability to monetize with Google.'But the company later tweeted that 'The Federalist was never demonetized.
158	5	"“THE four horsemen of the apocalypse"": that was the disparaging appraisal by Richard Tol of the University of Sussex of a report published in Yokohama on March 31st by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), a group of scientists (including Dr Tol) who provide governments round the world with mainstream scientific guidance on the climate. Every six or so years, the IPCC produces a monster three-part encyclopedia; the first instalment of its most recent assessment came out last September and argued that climate change was speeding up, even if global surface temperatures were flat. The new tranche looks at the even more pertinent matter of how the climate is affecting the Earth's ecosystems, the economy and peoples' livelihoods.Profoundly, is the headline answer, even though temperatures have warmed by only 0.8°C since 1800. They are likely to warm by at least twice that amount (and probably much more) by 2100. The report—the first since the collapse in 2009 of attempts to draw up a global treaty to reduce greenhouse-gas emissions—argues that climate change is having an impact in every ecosystem, from equator to pole and from ocean to mountain. It says that while there are a few benefits to a warmer climate, the overwhelming effects are negative and will get worse. It talks of ""extreme weather events leading to breakdown of…critical services such as electricity, water supply and health and emergency services""; about a ""risk of severe ill-health and disrupted livelihoods for large urban populations due to inland flooding""; and sounds the alarm about ""the breakdown of food systems, linked to warming"".Behind such headline scares, though, lies a subtler story, in which the effects of global warming vary a lot, in which climate change is one risk among many, and in which the damage—and the possibility of reducing it—depends as much on the other factors, such as health systems or rural development, as it does on global warming itself.Compared with previous IPCC reports—the last was in 2007—the new one is confident about its assessment of damages, and more willing to attribute the harm to human influence on the climate. Take the rise in sea levels, which (pushed up by thermal expansion) has been increasing more in the 14 years of this century than it did from 1971 to 2000. The report reckons that, at current rates, average sea levels could rise by another half a metre or more by the end of the century, if greenhouse gases are not significantly curtailed. That is nothing but bad news for the people living in cities vulnerable to flooding from the sea: they now number 271m, and may increase to 345m by 2050, says the IPCC (some estimates put the figures higher). Nor are there any benefits from ocean acidification (caused by the absorption of carbon dioxide in seawater) which the report calls ""a fundamental challenge to marine organisms and ecosystems"".Equally stressed are terrestrial ecosystems facing sudden and irreversible change: climate ""tipping points"". In the Arctic, for example, which is warming faster than any other large environment on earth, new shrubs and plants are invading formerly inhospitable areas. The vast boreal forests or Siberia and Canada are dying back faster than was expected in 2007, and may be more sensitive to warming than was then thought.On the other hand, there are substantial areas where the influence of the climate is modest compared with other factors. Health is one. Pollution from factories adds to global warming and causes health problems directly: a new report by the World Health Organisation linked around 7m deaths to air pollution. In a warmer world, some diseases, such as malaria, will spread their range. Heat-related deaths will rise but cold-related ones will fall. In parts of the world where there are more cold-related than heat-related deaths, such as northern Europe, warmer temperatures could actually reduce the number of early deaths. By and large, the report says, the negative impacts will outweigh the positive ones but, for good or ill, the climate is not the dominant influence on mortality and morbidity. Public health and nutrition matter more.Something similar is true for civil conflicts. Poverty and economic shocks help cause conflicts and are themselves influenced by climate change. Global warming can bring about changes in land use, reduce water supplies, and push up food prices, all of which contribute to riots (arguably, all this happened in Darfur). But it is hard to show that climate change has had a direct impact on levels or patterns of violence. If anything, it is the other way around: conflict reduces peoples' ability to cope with climate change by, for example, laying mines in farmland. Surprisingly, global warming does not seem to be the culprit in most extinctions, either. With the exception of some frog species in Central America, no recent extinctions have been attributed to climate change.So climate change has been powerful (in the oceans) and secondary (in health). But there is a third category: areas where the climate has had a large distributional effect, which may be good or bad, but usually appears to be negative. Fish are the most mobile of creatures and as the seas warm, marine animals and plants follow the cooler waters, migrating from the tropics to temperate latitudes. Benthic (bottom-feeding) algae are moving polewards at a rate of 10km per decade; phytoplankton are moving at over 400km a decade. The result, says the report, is that by 2055, fish yields in temperate latitudes could be 30%-70% higher than they were in 2005 (assuming there are any fish left by then) whereas the tropical fish yield will fall 40-60%. A similar distributional change, the scientists argue, is affecting the hydrological cycle: the rate at which groundwater is recharged is likely to increase in temperate climes and fall in tropical ones, leading to further drying of the soil in the dry tropics.The most important distributional change, the IPCC reckons, concerns food, especially cereal crops. A warmer climate, in principle, should lengthen the growing season, since it becomes warm enough to plant seeds earlier. More carbon in the atmosphere should increase the rate of photosynthesis. Both these influences should mean that some plants will do better in a world with higher temperatures and more carbon dioxide. The previous IPCC assessment thought the world's main cereals—wheat, rice, maize and soya—would see improved yields in temperate climates, offsetting yield declines elsewhere. Some climate sceptics have used this to argue that, at least until the middle of the century, a modest amount of global warming might be good for the world.The new report pours cold water on that. It confirms that tropical cereals suffer declining yields when temperatures rise 2°C but finds that the benefits to temperate-climate crops are smaller than was thought. Rainfed or water-stressed crops, which were once thought to respond well to higher levels of carbon dioxide, now seem not to. Plants—especially maize—may like a long growing season but they hate temperature spikes more: even one day above 30°C may be enough to damage them. And it turns out that rates of photosynthesis in maize, sorghum and sugarcane are not responsive to changes in concentrations of CO2, so the effect of more carbon on temperate crops is patchy. Whether more heat and carbon produce yield increases seems to depend mostly on local conditions.Meanwhile, the impact of other negative influences is more important than was thought. Weeds seem to benefit more than cereals at temperate latitudes, so they provide more competition to food crops for water, sunlight and nutrients. Greater concentrations of ozone are more damaging than was thought: the new report reckons high ozone levels cause an 8-15% reduction in yields compared with normal crops. Perhaps most important, higher CO2 concentrations reduces the quality of cereals, that is, their protein and starch content, taste and mineral components (and hence nutritional value). This is particularly significant for forage crops: with poorer quality grains, animals are smaller and less healthy. Cattle are suffering anyway because they are being bred for meat yield alone, which, in practice, has made them more heat-sensitive: a double burden.At the moment, the report concludes, wheat yields are being pushed down by 2% a decade compared with what would have happened without climate change; maize is down 1% a decade; rice and soyabeans are unaffected. Over time, though, this could worsen. If you look at studies of likely cereal yield in the next decade, roughly half of them forecast an increase and half a decline. But for the 2030s, twice as many studies are forecasting a fall as a rise.So how much might all these influences affect the world economy? The IPCC's surprising answer to that is: hardly at all. A 2°C rise in temperature, it says, could result in worldwide economic losses of only 0.2% to 2% of GDP a year. The trouble is, as the IPCC also says, this figure is misleading. GDP is a bad measure of climate impacts and the economic models used are hopeless (""completely made up"", said one recent critic). GDP does not account for catastrophic losses, which may be the most important kind. As an income measure, it gives less weight to the poor—but the poor are more vulnerable to climate change than the rich. That is true both between countries (Bangladesh is more vulnerable to floods than the Netherlands) and within them (richer Bangladeshis live in safer areas). The models do not take account of things like ""tipping points""; do not care if carbon concentrations go sky-high and assume that if an economy were ravaged by drought or floods, it would suddenly have lots of ""spare capacity"" that could be redeployed.But in some ways, the IPCC's new assessment also explains why all this does not really matter. Models are useful for calculating costs and benefits: you invest this much in new capacity and earn that much as a result. But, as the report implies, climate change is not a problem just because its costs outweigh its benefits. Rather, it matters because it increases risk, causes unpredictable interactions between climate and social or factors and because it manifests itself as extreme events (floods, heat waves) which inflict huge damage in a flash. Previous IPCC reports are looked at particular parts of this picture. The new assessment for the first time looks at climate change not just as a problem in its own right but as something that is merely part of an even bigger context. "
459	4	"Actors, musicians, politicians and thousands of school students have all stood up for the climate, but where are those in sport who are champions both on the field, and off it? Zoë George hunts out four sporting stars doing their bit for the environment. Stepping out onto a mountain is something 35-year-old Wanaka-based Winter Olympian Janina Kuzma lives for. “You’ve got this untouched powder field and you’re putting your lines, your work into that powder field,” she says. READ MORE: * Glacier melt should inspire action * The big melt: New Zealand's glaciers losing 1.5m of thickness each year * World champions: Five women working to save us from climate change disaster  “The snow touching your shins in the most amazing feeling.” But she’s seen the direct impact climate change has had on her sport and on the mountain climate. “The conditions are changing so fast that it’s getting dangerous with trying to understand snow patterns and when avalanches are going to happen, or rock falls,” she says. “Everyone knows climate change has a huge impact with our winters, and we’re seeing that more with winters coming later and unsettled weather.” In 2018 she stopped competing and picked up the camera instead, shining the spotlight on other winter athletes and the environment. In 2019 she released the film East/West that followed the footsteps of Freda du Faur, the first woman to ascend Aoraki/Mount Cook. The crew had planned to ski down to the glaciers from the mountains, but because the glaciers had retreated so much they had to hike “hours and hours” across unstable and dangerous rocks.  It was an “eye opener” and a “huge shock” comparing photos taken by de Faur in 1916 to modern day. The glaciers had retreated many kilometres, Kuzma says. “It was one of the moments that really showed the impact of climate change first hand. The glaciers melting back and how dangerous it was walking through that terrain,” she says. “Just seeing it in our own backyard and seeing it with my own eyes was hard ... it was so sad.  “I want our children to be able to experience and walk down the glaciers we walked out of, but they probably won’t be able to experience that. “...hopefully we can change that by being more sustainable.” The path to sustainability is like climbing a mountain – one step at a time.  She loves heli-skiing and says it’s hard to be an advocate for the climate when she’s contributing to the burning of carbon. But to offset that, she plants native trees on her Wanaka property with her husband. A vegetable patch and fruit trees have been planted too, reducing that footprint further. “Sustainability for me means meeting our needs without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their own needs,” she says.  “Planting natives provides a better habitat for our native species.” She also lives in a community that has a “strong sense of sustainability”. Her local ski fields have got rid of single use plastic bottles and all the cafés have signed up to “Wanaka Up” which offers sustainable cups to patrons, reducing the need for single-use items. She’s never without her cup.  “If you’re a big coffee drinker like I am, always carry your coffee cup with you. My husband and I haven’t used a takeaway cup in years,” she says. “It’s super easy and a good way to start reducing your wastage.  “Just be aware of your surroundings and what you're doing. ‘How can I do my part to change that little bit?’.” Mary Fisher is legally blind. That didn’t stop her from winning two gold, two silver and a bronze medal at the 2012 and 2016 Paralympic games. It certainly hasn’t stopped her from doing her bit for the climate either. She retired in 2018. It’s been a “massive transition” but she keeps herself occupied by using her influence on the board of Paralympics New Zealand and works with Blind Vision New Zealand training volunteers, community education and organising events. She also allows her (singing) voice to be heard in two Wellington based community choirs. “It’s nice thinking about what kind of lifestyle you want to lead when retiring from sport, it’s all-consuming at that high performance level,” she says. She lives in a central Wellington house with two friends and a three-year-old. None of them has a car, choosing to walk, take public transport or ride either an e-bike or a tandem (called Ruby). They also contribute to their community compost patch near the botanical gardens. “It’s made me think a lot about housing and how so many people are locked out of places they work or play,” she says.  “For the group of us here, it works well, but so many people [are] having to spend a large majority of time, money and energy commuting, because you can’t afford to live near the places you’re spending the most time in. That has an impact on the environment in terms of planet health and mental and physical health.” It’s tough for those with disabilities too, she says, with many relying on personal transport because they aren’t catered for properly when it comes to public planning. ""It's not that the technology is unavailable to make public transport and infrastructure really friendly and inclusive for everyone. It's because people organising or planning those [things] haven't been people with lived experiences, so they're not a representative group,"" she says. “Then there are the groups saying ‘no disabled people came to our event, so obviously they aren’t interested’, without thinking ‘was there something that we didn’t think of, or talk to the disabled community that would allow them to come?’ Twenty five per cent of New Zealand’s population identity living with a disability, so there’s that ambiguous discrimination that flies under the radar.” For her, it’s important we think about how we keep a healthy population while being in harmony with the environment. She grew up in the Hutt Valley doing lots of day walks with her parents. Engaging with different species of flora and fauna gave her an appreciation that humans “are just one species, and we have this monopoly over the built environment”. “Being a child and being exposed to Aotearoa’s biodiversity really made me think about how do we keep Earth a safe place for humans and all the other species,” she says.  “ Do we want our future generations to have the same wonderful experiences I had as a kid? Or do we want to try and do our best to change that to ensure everyone can experience that, no matter where they live on Earth?”  Her top tip for doing your bit for the environment is to ask the big questions and hold those in power accountable.  “So there’s the individual ‘what can I easily change?’... not buying stuff new, or seeking more sustainable providers of services,” she says. “Also, the biggest thing we can all do is look at places collectively we can have an impact in terms of big corporations – if we could change those emissions and the way capitalism is having the biggest impact on the planet. “Let’s all try to understand what collective power we can have.” When Peter Burling and Blair Tuke aren’t on the water winning the America’s Cup or Olympic medals for New Zealand, they are championing for the environment through their marine conservation charity Live Ocean. The duo established the charity in 2019. Their focus is on the restoration and protection of marine environments, and identifying globally significant marine science, innovation and public education, Tuke said. “We have the fourth-largest ocean in the world, so that means what we do here in New Zealand and the health of our ocean in New Zealand is globally significant,” he says. “We’ve learnt a huge amount and while some of it’s really worrying, like the fact that 90 per cent of our seabirds are threatened with, or are at risk of extinction, we then meet the amazing people who are out there trying to make a difference and that’s really encouraging. “Ultimately we want New Zealand to be a world leader in ocean health.” Burling says New Zealand is 93 per cent ocean, so as a country “we need to start looking beyond the shoreline and understanding what a huge part of a healthy ecosystem the ocean is”. “For us one of the real issues we have around ocean health is people’s knowledge. People don’t realise that two out of every three breaths come from the ocean, 90 per cent of the heat gets absorbed by the ocean, the ocean really is the life support system of the planet and we need to look after it like that,” he says. Using their sport as an environmentally-friendly vehicle for “getting these messages into the mainstream ... is definitely a massive opportunity”, Burling says. The duo, along with their New Zealand SailGP teammates went one step further by signing the United Nations Sports for Climate Action Framework in April. They want to be innovators when it comes to the climate and sustainability. “Climate change is placing our planet at risk and meeting the scale of this challenge requires action from everyone. As a team, we have an opportunity to step up to the challenge of climate change and inspire our fans to do the same,” he says. “By signing this framework, we are taking responsibility for our actions and joining a movement that will set the path for our sport to play a winning role in achieving the goals of the Paris Agreement. “We’re incredibly proud to be the first team in New Zealand to sign the UN Sports for Climate Action Framework and hopefully a few more teams will follow us.” But Burling says it doesn’t have to be grand gestures that can help make change, sometimes it’s small things too. “Definitely be curious and try and take people on the journey with you,” he says. “We both ride our bikes as much as possible and generally try to make the best choices we can. “Sometimes I think it’s easy to get caught up in not doing things until we can do it perfectly, but there are massive gains we can all make in our lives.” - Video courtesy of RNZ"
368	5	Boris Johnson’s much-vaunted green recovery plans are inadequate and “clearly unlawful” as they do not match up to the government’s legal obligations under the Paris climate agreement and the UK’s own net zero emissions target, green campaigners have said.On Tuesday, a letter threatening court action was sent to the prime minister and the chancellor, Rishi Sunak, by the pressure group Plan B, which successfully took the government to the appeal court this year over its green light for the expansion of Heathrow airport.Sunak will set out £3bn of green spending, focusing on improving energy efficiency in homes and public buildings, in his summer statement on Wednesday. But the letter contrasts this sum with the billions committed to airlines and carmakers in the taxpayer-funded coronavirus recovery package, and funding for fossil fuels.“The proposed approach is quite clearly unlawful … it is no more than a fig-leaf for the government’s new deal for polluters,” wrote Plan B in a letter before action, a legal first step that gives ministers a chance to reply before instigating formal legal proceedings.If there is no response by 17 July, the campaigners will take the next step, which is to send a “pre-action protocol letter”, which would oblige the government to respond within 21 days.The campaigners argue that the Heathrow case – in which the government’s go-ahead for a third runway was deemed unlawful by judges as it failed to take into account the UK’s obligations under the 2015 Paris agreement – sets a precedent that forces ministers to assess the impact of their Covid-19 stimulus plans on the climate crisis.Legal action is also threatened against the Bank of England, alleging that the governor, Andrew Bailey, appeared to have changed his mind on how to combine responses to the Covid-19 crisis and the climate emergency.In a statement on 1 July he said: “The Bank’s lending to companies as part of the emergency response to Covid-19 has not incorporated a test based on climate considerations. That was deliberate, because in such a grave emergency affecting this country we have focused on the immediate priority of supporting jobs and livelihoods.”Plan B said this showed he had been overruled by ministers. Tim Crosland, its director, said: “It feels like his judgment has been overridden. Corporate lobbyists are getting the better of the scientific and economic advice. This is a disaster.”A spokesperson for the Bank pointed out that the governor’s statement also confirmed the Bank’s commitment to countering climate change.A government spokesperson said: “Throughout this [coronavirus] crisis, we’ve continued to take our environmental responsibilities seriously and remain committed to meeting our climate change and wider environmental targets, including net zero [greenhouse gas emissions] by 2050. Tackling climate change is at the heart of our economic recovery and the announcements expected in the summer economic update will follow on from those in the prime minister’s new deal speech last week, including reforesting Britain and making additional funding available this year to attract investment in green technologies.”The threat of legal action came as the Treasury set out further details of the planned £3bn of green spending. Under a new home insulation scheme, from September households will be able to apply for vouchers covering the cost of measures such as cavity wall or loft and floor insulation.About £1bn will go in grants of up to £10,000 for the poorest households, while a further £1bn will be available in vouchers of up to £5,000 covering two-thirds of the cost for other homeowners. It is unclear what support may be available to private renters, who make up a large proportion of the UK’s households but are usually forbidden from undertaking improvements.Households could save as much as £600 a year on their energy bills, according to the government, and the scheme, known as the Green Homes Grant, could support 100,000 jobs.Campaigners gave a cautious welcome but stressed that key details were still unclear, and that the initial support of £3bn for this year, which includes £1bn for decarbonising public buildings such as schools and hospitals, would need to be carried on in future years to refit all of the UK’s draughty housing stock. Previous unsuccessful schemes have been stop-start, subject to tinkering or failed to offer enough incentives to cash-strapped households.Mike Childs, head of policy at Friends of the Earth, said: “To make a difference, this money needs to be around for the long term so the industry can mature. It would need to be closer to £5bn to achieve significant improvements to the UK’s leaky and inefficient housing, and fit them with eco-heating.”Caterina Brandmayr, of the Green Alliance thinktank, said: “It’s particularly encouraging that a large share of the funding will support lower income households, providing warmer homes and cheaper bills. Effective delivery will also rely on government communicating the benefits of home insulation and supporting jobs through a new training and skills programme.”Previous schemes also struggled because homeowners were reluctant to undergo the inconvenience of building work, and because the financial outlay required was too great. Caroline Lucas, the Green party MP, warned: “When money is tight for so many and unemployment is rising, I’m concerned that even when people are prepared to clear out their lofts to install insulation, or get their windows replaced with double or triple glazing, many won’t risk spending their savings to do this and our housing will continue to pour carbon emissions into the atmosphere.”
838	4	"Meeting in Brussels for a two-day gathering, EU heads of state and government will seek to hammer out a united energy strategy aimed at diversifying sources while reducing pollution.In the run-up to the meeting, EU leaders have cranked up the rhetoric about the need for tough action to tackle global warming, although some environmentalists say that proposed targets do not go far enough.German Chancellor Angela Merkel, who will host European leaders for the first time under Germany's EU presidency, stressed the urgency of their task by warning that Europe was at an ""important crossroads.""""If we act decisively now, we have a chance of effectively counteracting the dangers of climate change,"" she said in her invitation to the summit.Merkel told the British Financial Times newspaper on Wednesday that she wanted ""Europe to take a 'pioneering lead' on meaningful green initiatives.""Merkel was seconded by former US Vice President, Al Gore who recently picked up an Oscar for his documentary on the ravages of global warming.Speaking to reporters on a visit to Brussels to address a conference on biofuels, Gore said a European lead on the issue was vital.""I'm trying to get my country to change its policies, but inthe meantime the European Union is absolutely key to helping theworld make the change it must,"" he said. Securing energy suppliesBritish Prime Minister Tony Blair said that Europe should not only show leadership on combating climate change, but also beef up the security of energy supplies while opening the market to more competition.""I think there is the real possibility of showing how Europe can lead the debate on climate change, on energy security, and on deregulation in the interest of a more competitive European economy,"" Blair said on Tuesday in London.EU leaders are expected to endorse plans to cut carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions by 20 percent by 2020, from 1990 levels, and by 30 percent if other developed and emerging economies, particularly China and India, join them.The European Union produces about 14 percent of the world'sgreenhouse gas emissions while the United States, the world'slargest polluter, produces some 25 percent.Although the summit is expected to provide a show of unity, tensions are brewing under the surface over the role of nuclear energy and the use of renewable energy sources.One of the liveliest debates is expected on whether to set a binding target of renewable energy sources meeting 20 percent of Europe's energy needs by 2020, after foreign ministers failed to reach an agreement on Monday.Environmentalists: ""It's not enough""Although Europe is leading efforts to combat climate change, some environmentalists warned that the EU leaders are not aiming high enough.""The EU's energy action plan ... will fall a long way short in making Europe's energy more sustainable unless targets for both renewable share and reducing greenhouse gases are raised and tightened,"" said Friends of the Earth climate campaigner Jan Kowalzig.Energy policy has climbed to the top of the EU political agenda over the last year as oil price spikes and cuts in gas and oil supplies from Russia have spurred the bloc to forge a common strategy to meeting their needs.However, despite the growing importance attached to energy, the EU has struggled to hammer out a common approach, with member countries often putting national interests first, much to the frustration of the European Commission.Increasing competitionSuch is the case with a European Commission idea to inject greater competition into the EU energy market with plans to make large, integrated gas and power companies split their generating and distribution networks. Leaders are likely to send the plan back to the drawing board with France and to a lesser extent Germany opposed to the idea, which could cause a major shake-up of French and German energy groups.The summit comes amid a shifting European political landscape with Italian Prime Minister Romano Prodi emerging shaken from a recent crisis, British Prime Minister Tony Blair increasingly a lame duck, and looming French presidential elections in April and May.It will also be French President Jacques Chirac's last chance to leave his mark on EU policy-making after nearly 12 years in office fiercely defending French interests during meetings with EU leaders.Looking ahead as Germany chairs the Group of Eight industrial nations this year, Merkel will likely want to take the conclusions of this week's meetings into the G8 summit in Heiligendamm, Germany in June. "
884	4	"Watch: Newshub Nation explores what New Zealanders will have to change and when to limit global warming to 1.5 degrees. Credits: Image - Getty; video - Newshub Nation. Sophie Handford’s climate anxiety is so bad she finds herself randomly bursting into tears and struggling with daily tasks. The School Strike 4 Climate national coordinator isn't alone, with researchers around the world seeing anecdotal evidence suggesting that climate-related anxiety and depression is on the rise. Between constant headlines spelling doom and bleak reports predicting a world plagued by droughts, wildfires and extreme weather, it is easy to see how people could feel overwhelmed and hopeless.Handford is constantly fearful of the world she may soon be living in. This fear makes it hard for her to sleep and causes her to feel guilty whenever she takes time for herself. The potentially disastrous effects of climate change are always on her mind. ""It's the anxiety that things won't be enough and that I need to spend every minute of every day working on this for it to be enough."" The overwhelming dread makes it hard for her to do things she loves like going for a run, walking on the beach or watching TV. ""If I sit down and watch a Netflix show or go for a run, I just feel like well maybe if I had spent that hour doing something important like climate strike organising then we might have a better chance of survival for those generations to come,"" she said. Handford isn't alone in her feelings of despair and dread. Co-convener of the NZ climate psychology task force Brian Dixon says anxiety is a rational response to the climate crisis.  He said anxiety is based on feelings of uncertainty and a lack of control, which makes sense when dealing with something as big as climate change. When it comes to coping with climate anxiety, Dixon says the best thing to do is what Handford is already doing - take action. Action helps people feel in control, which can minimise feelings of anxiety and hopelessness. ""If you feel that you have some agency… that's really helpful for dealing with those thoughts and doubts and worries.""However, he said anxiety isn't necessarily a bad thing if it is motivating people to get involved in preventing climate change.""Our survival and evolution has been based on people having feelings, including negative ones,"" he said. ""It's important to understand that people get motivated to make changes when they become concerned enough about something.""While climate anxiety may seem like a unique challenge for this generation, experts have compared it to the anxiety that people experienced during the Cold War. Dixon said while there are a lot of similarities, in many ways, climate anxiety is worse. ""Climate change is much bigger and it has more of a global finality risk, so the stakes are probably higher.""He said during the Cold War people learned to live with that anxiety while waiting, and hoping, leaders would reach a peaceful resolution. But with climate change, it is harder to leave it to the leaders. ""It's difficult to tell people to get on with it and leave it to the leaders because the leaders haven't actually done what they need to do.""Dixon said holding on to hope is crucial to reducing climate anxiety, even when things feel overwhelming. He said focusing on the positives will stop people getting bogged down by anxiety. Sociology teaching fellow at Victoria University Jonathan Oosterman said hope is crucial, but needs to be realistic. He said when people feel hopeless, they can sometimes isolate themselves from the climate crisis because it feels ""too big"" to solve. Oosterman warned this can cause people to deny climate change because they feel they are being blamed for it or that there is nothing they can do about it.These feelings can be changed when the solutions are realistic and not just a quick fix, he said.  ""All the conversations around climate focus on this idea that you just need to change your lightbulbs, but that's not meeting people in their experiences of climate anxiety, and it's also not meeting the realistic nature of the challenge.""He said while small changes like using energy efficient light bulbs are good, they won’t solve the climate crisis and people need to focus on the bigger issues. Oosterman said the real solutions come from international change and government policies, not individual choices. When it comes to anxiety, taking part in community lead activism like marching or joining a community garden helps people feel in control, he said. Oosterman said connecting with people who share your concerns is a good way to deal with anxiety because it allows you to share your fears with others who will understand them and not dismiss them.Oosterman, who has a background in climate activism, also acknowledged the importance of taking breaks when needed, warning against getting caught in a cycle of anxiety and action.He said he suffered from burnout in 2005 because he was constantly feeling anxious and sad. ""I was trying to come to terms with the risk of billions of people dying and that was juxtaposed with the fact that we didn't have, and still don't have, anywhere near sufficient action.""He was so exhausted that he decided to take a break and focus on recharging. Burnout is something Sophie Handford worries about a lot. The 18-year-old struggles to make time for herself in her everyday routine. ""I definitely feel guilty for doing anything other than trying to save the planet which sucks.""However, she is slowly coming to terms with the fact that she can't ignore her own needs. “It isn’t a sustainable way of living because if I am constantly putting all my energy into climate strikes, then I am not doing as well as I could be because I am not taking breaks and time for myself.”While fear and frustration are her main drivers, Handford said hope is also a huge motivator for her. ""A lot of what I am doing is driven out of fear, but also out of a part of me that knows that if we act now we will create a better world for the generations to come.""She said she feels like there is way too much at stake to not take action. "
366	3	Climate change may not be the easiest subject to laugh about, but a group of late-night hosts are teaming up in hopes of raising awareness about the issue and even finding some humor in it.On Sept. 22, seven of the network and cable late-night shows will take part in Climate Night, during which each of these programs will have a focus on climate change and produce their own original content on the topic.The shows that plan to participate in Climate Night are “The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon” and “Late Night With Seth Meyers” on NBC; “The Late Show With Stephen Colbert” and “The Late Late Show With James Corden” on CBS; “Full Frontal With Samantha Bee” on TBS; “Jimmy Kimmel Live” on ABC; and “The Daily Show With Trevor Noah” on Comedy Central.Samantha Bee said in an interview that she could not recall another occasion during her tenure as a late-night host when so many of programs coordinated their efforts like this.“And really, what’s a more compelling cause to combine forces on than the climate, which we require in order to do our shows?” she said. “We need to not be submerged underwater in order to have successful late-night shows. The need is great.”The initiative is organized by Steve Bodow, a veteran late-night writer and producer and a former showrunner at “The Daily Show” and Netflix’s “Patriot Act With Hasan Minhaj.”Bodow said in a phone interview that the event was organized to coincide with Climate Week NYC, which begins on Monday, and to call attention to the subject by having these shows focus on it simultaneously.“Climate change, obviously, is something we’re all dealing with,” he said. “We’re all talking about it. We all need to be talking about it. What if these shows all talked about it at once? It makes a statement that they’re all willing to do this.”Bodow said that his outreach to the showrunners and producers at these late-night programs was met with a spirit of cooperation, for the most part.As he explained: “Everyone, before committing, wanted to be assured that, really, we’re all jumping into the pool at the same time? If I jump, you’re not going to be standing at the edge of the pool, laughing at me and I’m all wet?”Each program, he said, will address climate change in its own segments and its own voice. “Some of the shows will really dive in all the way,” Bodow said. “They may have other ideas they want to do that night. But they’ll be doing some meaningful part of their show, at a minimum, and others will do even more.”Bodow said his request to each program was: “Please do your show the way that you do your show. The shows have different styles and vibes, and that’s how they’ll approach this. There’s plenty to talk about.”Bee said that, despite the inherently comedic tone of these late-night shows, they could still offer a constructive platform to address such an ominous topic.“It’s a really overwhelming conversation to have because so much has to happen, so urgently,” she said. “I do think that we, individually, each do a great job of breaking down stories in ways that are palatable. Comedy is a great delivery system for actual information.”She added: “And I expect, probably by the end of the show, we will have solved the climate crisis. So that’s exciting.”
405	3	The coronavirus epidemic has upended scientific research, with much fieldwork postponed or called off. But not on Pitcairn Island, where plucky residents decided that Covid-19 wouldn’t halt vital climate change and marine conservation work. Instead, Pitkerners are doing it themselves, embarking on a month-long expedition to the outer islands of Henderson, Ducie and Oeno. They’ve taught themselves how to use cutting-edge camera technology, and undertake scientific and environmental surveys. READ MORE: * Edge of the World: The paradise island where no-one wants to live  * Edge of the World: One of the loneliest places on earth * Walking to the ends of the earth on remote Pitcairn Island * Pitcairn Island’s first female mayor Mark Tomlinson, the British Government’s Administrator on Pitcairn, will lead the expedition from the Covid-19-free island. “These things would normally be done with scientists or researchers coming out from the UK but because of Covid, it is very difficult to get experts out to join us. “So, this expedition is heavily Pitcairn-led.” Eleven islanders will live aboard their regular supply ship Silver Supporter, which will double as a research vessel. They’ll deploy Baited Remote Underwater Video Stations or BRUVS from inflatable vessels and a jet boat to monitor the impact of climate change on Pitcairn’s pristine coral reefs, and collect data on fish prevalence.  Some will undertake bird and turtle counts onshore. Because of the island’s limited internet connectivity, the data will be uploaded to hard drives and shipped back to the UK. Results will be collected from 46 stations across the four-island group, with GPS coordinates logged, so they can be revisited in the future. The team will also check on the status of six tonnes of plastic debris collected from the beaches of Henderson Island in 2019. Almost every day, trash from every continent apart from Antarctica, washes up on the uninhabited coral atoll.  Bad weather hampered the cleanup, but the Pitkerners will assess how to finally remove the debris and the levels of new litter. “There’s been various bits of scientific data taken around Pitcairn and the other islands over time, but compared to other places in the world there hasn’t been a lot,” Tomlinson said. “We are trying to track the health of the species, the marine protected area, and the coral reefs over time so that we can see how things are changing. It will do quite a lot of base lining for the scientific community, if we get it right.” In September 2012, Pitcairn Council voted unanimously to create the marine protected area (MPA) but since the islands are administered by the United Kingdom, the new reserve required the support of the British government. That came in 2015, when it was designated the world’s largest continuous marine reserve. It is now the third largest. The islands have some of the cleanest waters in the world, a few of the planet’s remaining pristine coral reefs and abundant sea life. It is believed to be home to more than 1200 species of fish, marine mammals and birds.
946	1	"Physicist Steven Koonin shuts down the notion that human behavior is causing more extreme weather, droughts, and hurricanes - claiming it’s ‘fiction of the media and the politicians who like to promote it.'Climate change is a farce created by the media and the politicians it benefits, physicist Steven Koonin told Tucker Carlson in a new episode of Fox Nation’s ""Tucker Carlson Today.""""It’s a fiction of the media,"" he said. ""And the politicians who like to promote that notion.""According to data from the U.S. government, Koonin explained, there are ""no detectable human influences"" on natural disasters like hurricanes for more than a century, and today’s heatwaves in the U.S. are just as common as they were back in 1900.""The warmest temperatures have not gone up in the last 60 years,"" he noted.The physicist pointed out that politicians love to throw around the term ""existential threat"" when it comes to the topic of climate, but he argued that government officials like Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg are unqualified to raise the issue to such an extreme.""I don't think the science says what… Secretary Pete thinks it says,"" he said. ""In fact, I can guarantee you he's never read the science. Fact, I can guarantee you that Sen. Sanders, President Biden, Ambassador Kerry, Secretary Granholm have never read the science - because you need to be a scientist in order to do that. And in fact, when you read it, there's very little in terms of extreme weather that's changed over the last many decades.""Koonin encouraged other scientists to stand up to politicians who are pushing an exaggerated narrative of climate change in order to support the community’s credibility.""It is a failure of the scientific community not to stand up and say, ‘Guys, you know, you have over-egged the custard. You really need to be much more circumspect in how you talk about this,’"" he said. ""And, of course, that gets then picked up by the politicians, and the media love to talk about catastrophes.""New episodes of ""Tucker Carlson Today"" are available every Monday, Wednesday and Friday exclusively on Fox Nation.Fox Nation programs are viewable on-demand and from your mobile device app, but only for Fox Nation subscribers. Go to Fox Nation to start a free trial and watch the extensive library from your favorite Fox News personalities."
425	4	"Tens of thousands of students are planning to take to the streets for the second time this year to strike for climate change action. On Friday, Kiwi students will ""rise up to demand climate action from our Government"".  From marches and rallies to tree planting and beach clean ups, New Zealand's youth are doing all they can to bring attention to the issue of climate change. Here's everything you need to know about the upcoming strike. READ MORE: * Taranaki schools support second School Strike 4 Climate action  * Students drag mayor out of office for climate 'strike' * Climate change strike: Auckland principals threaten students with truancy * Thousands expected at student-led climate change march through Wellington * Some schools will allow students to strike for climate change Why they're striking again After the first strike on March 15, a second strike was planned because New Zealand's youth ""still don't feel that our planet and future is secure,"" according to Tony Huang from School Strike 4 Climate NZ. ""Until the youth of Aotearoa can feel that our futures will be safe from devastating effects of climate change we will continue to strike.""  The strike aims to encourage all parties in Parliament to support passing the Zero Carbon Bill into law. Among the students' list of demands includes limiting warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius, cutting emissions, and implementing a transparent national adaptation plan. It's also hoped the strike will urge the Government to declare a climate emergency, cease new fossil fuel extractions, and invest in building a more renewable economy. The group explained they won't stop fighting until the actions they demand are taken ""because it is our future that is at stake"". North Island strikes Auckland is staging a strike and lie-in at Aotea Square and Queen Street from midday on Friday. In Gisborne, there will be a beach clean up at Midway Beach from 12pm. In Hamilton, students are protesting, speaking and writing letters and petitions outside the Hamilton City Council Building from 12.30pm. In Kāpiti, students are planning to gather outside the Kapiti Coast District Council at 12.30pm to write letters demanding action and have their voices heard. In Kerikeri, there will be students sitting in front of MP Matt King's office between midday and 2pm. New Plymouth students are conducting a beach clean up at East End Beach. In Palmerston North, there will be a gathering outside the Palmerston North City Council Building at 12.30pm. Students in Taupō are taking their strike to Colonel Roberts Reserve from 9am. Tauranga school kids are meeting with placards at Red Square from 12pm. Waihi students are partaking in a tree planting event at Union Hill at 11am. In Wairarapa, students are planning to gather in the Masterton Town Square at 1pm, then take part in tree planting at Masterton Intermediate School. Wellington students are gathering at Civic Square from 11am and will then march to Parliament at midday. A rally will follow until 3pm. South Island strikes In Christchurch, students are gathering at 1pm at the Entertainment Triangle in Hagley Park. Dunedin students are planning to demand climate justice from The Octagon from 1pm. In Karamea, a march will travel to Market Cross at 11am, followed by a tree planting at Oparara River Mouth. In Nelson, students taking part in the strike are planning to meet at the Church steps on Trafalgar Street. In Oamaru, there will be a gathering at 2.20pm outside Waitaki Girls' High School Hall. Students in Takaka are meeting at the intersection beside Golden Bay High School at 11am and will then march into the main township."
927	4	The world is in a new era of “climate change reality”, with carbon dioxide in the atmosphere reaching a symbolic threshold which it will not fall below for many generations, scientists have said.In 2015, for the first time, carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere were at 400 parts per million (ppm) on average across the year as a whole, the World Meteorological Organisation’s (WMO) annual greenhouse gas bulletin reveals.The longest established greenhouse gas monitoring station in the world, at Mauna Loa in Hawaii, predicts carbon dioxide concentrations will stay above the symbolic 400ppm for the whole of 2016 and reach new highs.It will not dip below the 400ppm mark again for many generations, the experts said.The growth spurt in carbon dioxide levels, which saw a bigger-than-average increase in the greenhouse gas in the atmosphere between 2014 and 2015, was fuelled by the El Niño weather phenomenon in the Pacific.The strong El Niño, which started in 2015 and continued into this year, triggered droughts in tropical regions and reduced the ability of forests, vegetation and oceans to absorb carbon dioxide, leaving more in the atmosphere.But over the longer term it is the increase of greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide, methane and nitrous oxide from human activity including industry and agriculture which caused a 37% increase in the warming effect on the planet between 1990 and 2015.Around two-thirds of the warming effect, known as radiative forcing, by long-lived greenhouse gases comes from carbon dioxide.Levels of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere stood at around 278ppm before the industrial revolution, a concentration which the WMO said represented a natural balance on Earth.Human activities have altered the natural balance and in 2015 global average levels of carbon dioxide were 44% above pre-industrial levels.The greenhouse gas bulletin was released ahead of the next round of climate talks, which will mark the early entry into force of the Paris agreement, the world’s first comprehensive deal to tackle climate change agreed in the French capital last year.WMO secretary-general, Petteri Taalas, said: “The year 2015 ushered in a new era of optimism and climate action with the Paris climate change agreement.“But it will also make history as marking a new era of climate change reality with record high greenhouse gas concentrations.”He added: “The El Niño event has disappeared. Climate change has not.”And he said: “Without tackling carbon dioxide emissions, we cannot tackle climate change and keep temperature increases to below 2C above the pre-industrial era.“It is therefore of the utmost importance that the that the Paris agreement does indeed enter into force well ahead of schedule on 4 November and that we fast-track its implementation.”The Paris agreement commits countries to keeping temperature rises to “well below” 2C and to pursue efforts to limit increases to 1.5C, by cutting greenhouse gas emissions to net zero in the second half of the century.
911	5	"Related: A NIWA study says 772,000 Kiwis are in danger of being flooded by the sea or a river. Credits: Image - Newshub / Nature; Video - NewshubCoastal floods will become increasingly commonplace in New Zealand over the next 80 years, new global research suggests, brought on by climate change and extreme sea level rises.The Melbourne University research paper, published recently in Nature's Scientific Reports journal, shows coastal flooding around the world has the potential to threaten hundreds of millions of people and take a colossal toll on the global economy.Major risk areas have been noted in every continent, with northwest Europe the most exposed region in the world - although existing flood defences already provide protection there.However, there are also ""hotspots in Australia, New Zealand, China, India, South-East Asia, southeastern Africa, and North America,"" according to report co-author Professor Ian Young.Our west coast is the portion of New Zealand's shoreline most threatened by coastal flooding, a map shows.""The increase of extreme sea levels around New Zealand will rise from 1.5 to 2.5 metres to 2.5 to 5 metres,"" lead author Ebru Kirezci told Newshub.""Particularly on the western coast - these parts are going to see some increases in extreme seas. The increase in extreme sea [levels] may pose a potential for coastal flooding.""The study shows the years between now and 2100 will see an increased flood risk for 48 percent of the world's land area, with 225 million people likely to be threatened by extreme sea level rise.The economic risk posed by coastal floods totals a barely conceivable US$14.2 trillion (NZ$21.43 trillion) - one-fifth of the world's gross domestic product (GDP) - based on a climate scenario where global carbon dioxide emissions continue to rise at the same rate.""A warming climate is driving sea-level rise because water expands as it warms, and glaciers are melting. Climate change is also increasing the frequency of extreme seas, which will further increase the risk of flooding,"" Kirezci said.""What the data and our model is saying is that compared with now, what we see as a one-in-100-year extreme flood event will be 10 times more frequent because of climate change.”When asked about the specific threat to New Zealand, Kirezci said it required further investigation - but Prof Young said the research acts as a ""wake-up call"" for governments across the globe.""This is critical research from a policy point of view because it provides politicians with a credible estimate of the risks and costs we are facing, and a basis for taking action,"" he said.Prof Young believes the study's results should ""inform policy at a global and local government-level"", enabling more flood defences to be built to safeguard coastal life and infrastructure.""Our research shows that large parts of communities residing in low-lying coastal areas are at risk of being devastated so we need urgent action,"" Kirezci added.""Vulnerable areas need to start building coastal defences, we need to increase our preparedness, and we need to be following strategies to mitigate climate change.""However, Kirezci admits any positive climate action is likely to be too little, too late.""There's more research required,"" she told Newshub."
865	3	"When Reverend Mitchell Hescox organized an environmental stewardship conference for evangelical Christians in Missouri in 2014, only five people showed up. This past September, he said, the same conference attracted 500 attendees.""We're seeing a remarkable changing of the times,"" Hescox told DW, adding that although many evangelicals are still dismissive of global warming, ""a growing number are ""getting behind climate science.""Read more: Climate change: 'Fake news,' real falloutHescox is also president and CEO of the Evangelical Environment Network (EEN), one of the largest evangelical groups in the US. Ten years ago, it had some 25,000 members, now it comprises ""4 million pro-life Christians.""For more than two decades, the EEN has been educating members to care for everything it believes to have been created by God. One of its main missions has been convincing evangelicals to recognize climate change as something that's increasingly impacting their own lives.""Climate change isn't just about polar bears. It's about our children's health. It's about our life now and in the future,"" Hescox said, adding that it poses several risks in the US.Apart from the increased frequency of extreme weather events, the Washington D.C.-based Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) says rising temperatures in the Midwest and eastern US have caused a rapid increase  in the population of ticks that can transmit Lyme disease.  In addition, findings from the University of Washington in Seattle suggest corn production could fall by around 50 percent by the end of the century if greenhouse gas emissions remain unchecked; and the American Lung Association says higher levels of CO2 are also contributing to lung disease and respiratory problems.Why climate policy hinges on evangelical support According to a 2015 Pew Research poll, more than a quarter of the US population identifies as evangelical or born-again Christian, people who generally interpret the bible literally and tend to be very socially conservative. Largely white and transdenominational, they're much more likely to be Republican than Democrat.A different Pew poll in 2016 found that 81 percent of evangelicals and born-again Christians voted for President Donald Trump. Though, in large part, that trend could be attributed to his stance on abortion and gun control, he also used his campaign to tap into a long tradition of Republican antipathy to environmental issues.And since taking up office, he has pulled the US out of the Paris Climate Agreement, which aims to limit global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius over pre-industrial levels. This January, however, an NPR/PBS/Marist survey found only 66 percent of white evangelicals now approve of Trump's presidency, down from a 73 percent rating in December.Read more: Trump's wall poses serious threat to endangered wildlifeThe drop in support comes after the longest partial government shutdown in US history, the separation of migrant families at the US-Mexican border, and as Trump continues to deny global warming even though a clear majority of Republicans currently acknowledge it is happening.At the end of last year, the president went on record saying he didn't believe his own government's findings on the potential economic impacts of unchecked emissions.Are opinions shifting?Changing evangelicals' minds, Hescox says, could have a significant impact on advancing environment-friendly climate policies. Though he concedes they aren't about to jump to the Democratic Party, he believes they are now more likely to pressure their Republican representatives to adopt a more forward approach to the problem.Katharine Hayhoe, an evangelical, atmospheric scientist and political science professor at Texas Tech University in Lubbock, also says she sees attitudes changing. She says this could have something to do with certain solutions proving business-friendly.""There's been a massive expansion of clean energy across the middle of the country. We have 30,000 jobs in Texas with solar energy,"" she said.""Very conservative farmers, who would rather cut off their arms than let the government impose regulations on carbon emissions, now have wind turbines on their land. And a check arrives in the mail. So they're like, 'oh, ok, there's no problem with that.'""But David Konisky, associate professor at the School of Public and Environmental Affairs at Indiana University, says he sees no sign of evangelicals budging on climate policy. On the contrary.Read more: Donald Trump picks climate change skeptic Kelly Craft for UN post""My analysis of US Gallup public opinion polls does not indicate any widespread 'greening of Christianity' among evangelical Protestants or other Christian denominations,"" he said in an interview with DW.""Over the time period I studied (around 2000-2015), there is evidence of declining levels of environmental concern.""The beliefs behind climate change denialThis dismissal of climate science could be explained in a number of ways, says Kyle Meyaard-Schaap, National Organizer and Spokesperson for Young Evangelicals for Climate Action (YECA), a group that has been educating younger people on how just much the Bible talks about caring for the environment.While some see global warming as part of God's plan or even as a sign of the end of the world, as prophesied in the book of Revelation, others point to a passage in the book of Genesis that says humans should have ""dominion"" over the Earth.The interpretation of ""dominion"" has historically divided Christians into those who interpret it as the need for God's followers to take responsible stewardship of Earth, and those who understand it as humans having absolute command over all things on the planet.Read more: How right-wing nationalism fuels climate denialEvangelicals have also contributed to the growing partisan divide in the US in recent decades, Meyaard-Schaap explained, and have historically opposed climate science out of a fear of liberal government solutions.""Climate change has effectively been polarized. Many Christians in the US have come to the conclusion that supporting climate action must also mean supporting other liberal and socially economic positions,"" he said, in reference to issues such as abortion rights and same sex marriage.""This would mean betraying their values and turning their backs on their communities."" "
941	3	On Thursday, more than 40 progressive groups sent a letter to lawmakers and President Biden, urging them to stop the “demonization” of China and to start cooperating with it. The letter argues that the United States must end “the new Cold War” with China to address our current climate emergency.The United States, they write, has long “scapegoated China as an excuse to avoid global climate commitments.” The letter absolves China of its human rights abuses and the national security threat it poses to the United States, and instead claims that the two countries can partner to “support international best practice” human rights standards — a breathtaking statement, given China’s brutal repression of the Uyghurs, Hong Kong and Tibet (among other things). In short, the progressive groups who signed this letter imply that while the United States got us into this crisis, we can encourage China to save us.The letter begins with the true statement: “Climate change is a global crisis.” But it’s followed by a false one: “Confronting it requires global cooperation.” In fact, countering China is a far more effective and more realistic strategy for fighting climate change.Partnering with China reduces U.S. leverage to push China to reduce its emissions. Beijing and Washington negotiate on climate change in two very different ways. As the scholars Andrew S. Erickson and Gabriel Collins explain in a recent Foreign Affairs essay, the United States compartmentalizes climate change, while China links it to the rest of the bilateral relationship. As a result, negotiating with China requires yielding in other areas, such as trade or human rights — decisions that are both unwise and politically unfeasible.What do progressives think will happen if the United States continues to challenge China on climate change? That Beijing will passive-aggressively build even more coal plants? The fact is, China stands to lose far more from climate change than the United States. China is by far the world’s largest polluter — it emits more greenhouse gas than the rest of the developed world combined — and that burden of substandard air and water quality falls overwhelmingly on Chinese people.Nearly 600 million people live in China’s densely populated coastal provinces, where even a one-centimeter rise in sea levels could flood more than 30 feet inland (sea levels could rise at least 50 centimeters by 2100). The most at-risk cities in the world are in China’s low-lying Pearl River Delta, the country’s manufacturing heartland, where flooding is estimated to cost at least tens of billions of dollars this century. Other problems, including melting glaciers in Tibet and desertification in northern China, compound this grim reality.Indeed, Beijing is in greater need of the United States’ cooperation on climate than the reverse. Climate action is necessary for China and, thus, for the party’s legitimacy — and the United States weakens its own fight against climate change if it compromises to strike a deal with China on an issue that is more in the party’s interest to address. Targeting Chinese manufacturers that directly benefit from cheap Chinese coal prices, for example, would both help their U.S. competitors and incentivize Chinese exporters to reduce their reliance on coal.There can be no fight against climate change without the freedom to investigate and discuss its effects: Freedom of speech is crucial to our survival. But clamoring for partnership with Beijing undermines the global discourse on climate change: It reduces the effectiveness of global nonprofits as advocates for sound and sane policies. A “see-no-evil” stance toward the party helps it suppress domestic dissent, including critical voices on environmental policy, while boosting different viewpoints about how China can fight climate change helps the party make smarter policy decisions.Major international organizations with offices in China, such as Greenpeace and especially the Natural Resources Defense Council (NRDC), find themselves cornered: To protect the safety of their local staff and to ensure they maintain access to Chinese policymakers, they praise China’s progress and fawn over announcements from party leadership, even as the country experiences year-on-year emissions growth, while emissions in much of the rest of the world fall. (An NRDC spokesman said, “Building a more sustainable future means helping China address pollution that has both domestic and global impacts. That’s what we’re trying to do.” Greenpeace did not respond to a request for comment.). Advocacy groups and governments must be able to criticize China’s contribution to climate change without triangulating the acceptable level of criticism that may allow them to stay in Beijing’s good graces.What about working with the Chinese firms that are some of the global leaders in green technology? Regardless of how much the Biden administration prioritizes fighting climate change, trade tensions with China will persist. As supply chains continue to bifurcate, U.S. firms must understand that the costs of depending on Chinese firms for green technology are beginning to outweigh the benefits.“Partnering with China” to fight climate change may sound like a soothing and practical solution. But it rests on deeply flawed assumptions about the party, its way of doing business, and its determination to impose its authoritarian agenda on its people and its neighbors. Fighting climate change is indeed a global imperative. But pandering to Beijing isn’t the way to advance that goal.Prayuj Pushkarna contributed research.Read more:Paul Butler: Nikole Hannah-Jones just proved the correctness of critical race theoryFred Hiatt: Legally, Trump’s tech lawsuit is a joke. But it raises a serious question.Eugene Robinson: An Olympics without fans is the right call. But it illustrates the ongoing cost of covid-19.Philip N. Cohen: Generation labels mean nothing. It’s time to retire them.
50	4	"The international body has issued a manual for adapting to a warming world.The United Nations' latest report on climate change contains plenty of dire warnings about the adverse impact ""human interference with the climate system"" is having on everything from sea levels to crop yields to violent conflicts. But the primary message of the study isn't, as John Kerry suggested on Sunday, for countries to collectively reduce greenhouse-gas emissions. Instead, the subtext appears to be this: Climate change is happening and will continue to happen for the foreseeable future. As a result, we need to adapt to a warming planet—to minimize the risks and maximize the benefits associated with increasing temperatures—rather than focusing solely on curbing warming in the first place. And it's businesses and local governments, rather than the international community, that can lead the way.“The really big breakthrough in this report is the new idea of thinking about managing climate change,” Chris Field, the co-chair of the UN's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) study, said this week, adding that governments, companies, and communities are already experimenting with “climate-change adaptation.”First, a definition of terms is in order. Since the 1990s, the climate-policy community has been engaged in a debate about whether to focus on reducing emissions (""mitigation""), managing climate change (""adaptation""), or both. But in a 2007 article for Nature, a team of academics gave three reasons for why the ""taboo on adaptation"" was gradually disappearing:1.  The ""timescale mismatch"": Even if world leaders take decisive action to cut emissions (a big ""if""), it won't have an impact on the climate for decades, and greenhouse-gas concentrations will continue to increase in the meantime.2.  The emissions fallacy: People are vulnerable to the climate for reasons other than greenhouse-gas emissions, including factors like socioeconomic inequality and rapid population growth along coasts.3.  The demands of developing countries: While wealthy countries account for most greenhouse-gas emissions, poor countries suffer the most damage from climate change. And these developing countries want the international community to help them become less vulnerable to the extreme climactic events they're facing now, rather than arguing over emission targets that will theoretically protect them in the future. The IPCC's early climate reports in the 1990s barely mentioned climate-change adaptation. But that changed in the panel's 2001 edition, which noted that ""adaptation is a necessary strategy at all scales to complement climate mitigation efforts."" The IPCC spent two pages discussing ""adaptation options"" in its 2007 study, and this week has devoted more than four chapters to the strategy, including a graph that shows our ability to adapt to climate change in three eras: the present; the near-future we've committed ourselves to based on current emissions; and the distant future we still have the capacity to shape.Adaptation hasn't received nearly as much attention on the international level as mitigation has, though that could change with this latest UN report. But on the national level, where much of the action on climate change has shifted amid international gridlock, adaptation-focused thinking is becoming more common. According to a recent study by Globe International, which tracked climate legislation across 66 countries, the number of national climate laws around the world has increased from 40 in 1997 to nearly 500 now. Some of these laws are mitigation-focused, like Switzerland's aggressive carbon-dioxide-reduction act, but overall the ""momentum in climate change legislation [is] shifting from industrialised countries to developing countries and emerging markets,"" which ""has gone hand in hand with a rise in legislation covering adaptation.""In Africa, key risks revolve around insect-transmitted illnesses, clean-water availability, and agricultural productivity due to intensifying droughts. Terms such as ""sustainable urban development,"" ""agroforestry,"" and ""diversifying livelihoods"" pop up in the corresponding list of adaptation prospects. Central and South America face all of the above, too, though adaptation responses may focus more on equipping public-health services to fight the spread of vector-borne diseases.We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com."
343	0	The words climate change seem to be bandied around for just about any subject up for discussion these days and I make no apology for adding to the conversation. I feel like a bit of a dinosaur when I think of discussing these changes more than 30 years ago after 20 years at the helm of Pukeiti Garden. Then it was referencing the subtle changes like frost occurrence and swings in rainfall. Pukeiti had amassed rainfall records since it started in 1951 and the “up to 4m of rain per year” was oft-quoted to garner the “unbelievable” response. The rainfall total was not changing a great deal but the swings between wet spells and dry spells were more dramatic. The colder night temperatures that bring frosts were definitely reducing and periods of eight to 10 nights in a row were down to two to three nights, with corresponding damage to tree fern crowns almost non-existent. This effect on the native flora was subtle but much enhanced for the exotic introductions. READ MORE: * Heavenly hydrangeas: why New Zealand has the best garden plants in the world * Rhododendrons, azaleas and three generations of dedicated gardeners * Pukeiti 'globally significant' in rhododendron research  One of the early joys of Pukeiti was being able to grow the likes of blue Meconopsis poppy species amongst a wide range of rhododendrons from the high alpines to sub-tropics. The Meconopsis gradually died out and primulas that spread and lined the small streams and damper areas gradually reduced to a few tough species. The effect on the rhododendrons was less obvious at first, but dwarf alpine and cool-loving high elevation species and hybrids began to show signs of stress, and no amount of replanting on new sites were any better. These are plants from high altitude, often spending months of the year under snow, safe from desiccating winds and bitter temperatures, so warm-temperate does not work. However, rhododendrons from the sub-tropics, the vireyas we know today, do appreciate these conditions and in the 1970s I started to experiment with a few that were available to see what their limits might be at Pukeiti – and that might be a subject for another time. The other consideration was that warm-wet conditions bring a whole set of other problems compared with cold-wet, namely pests and diseases. Whilst always concerned that drainage was paramount in any part of Pukeiti and the friable volcanic soil was basically good for this, attention to saturation spots was a key part of the planting regime. This greatly increased with the climate changing and the need for raised bed planting or even epiphytic planting became more of a priority. Rhododendrons and azaleas have naturally fibrous and shallow root systems, emanating from their epiphytic nature, particularly in the subtropical range of species. A requirement for any plant is that there is air available at the root system otherwise you get poisonous anaerobic conditions and very few plants can adapt to this. Nothing has really changed in this respect but soil pathogens are increasing now that the soil itself is warming up and they spread faster in warm-wet situations. Phytopthora and other soil diseases are on the increase worldwide and these are only part of the problem. Plant diseases on rhododendron foliage or stems are spreading and climate change is directly involved with this. Mildews and rust diseases are increasing on some types of rhododendrons, both evergreen and deciduous, and controls are pretty difficult with the range of chemicals now available. Most pathogens are airborne through microscopic spores and there is not a lot you can do to prevent this spread other than achieving the best cultivation environment for the plant. This involves a free-draining acid (low PH) soil, shelter from strong cold winds, avoidance of very hot or cold positions in the garden, and enough regular moisture to prevent drying out of the fine root system. These are basics and in most gardens there will be a compromise between all facets to arrive at a suitable planting site. Existing plantings, particularly other trees and shrubs, will offer good solutions both to shelter and temperature but the density of canopy shade and root competition might be on the negative side. Deciduous trees with light shade canopies and deep root systems are the best. Evergreens are better as background shelter but often need regular pruning and canopy opening to provide better light if used within a planting. Having said that, Pukeiti is nearly 100 per cent evergreen forest and that constant, regular lifting of canopies, pushing back the margins or hard pruning is necessary. Tree ferns are a wonderful foil and overseas growers are so envious of our native species, so much so that a good trade has built up for their supply. Nearly 100 years ago a shipload of tree fern trunks as ship ballast was taken to Cornwall and became the originators of those still found in the most sheltered gardens in southwest England. Particular pests that have increased over time include thrips, white fly, leaf hoppers and some borer insects that tunnel into the branches and can cause dieback or whole stems to collapse. The spread of thrips is particularly concerning as it causes the foliage to turn a silvery-grey colour on the top and brownish below. That is caused by those minute little black sap-sucking insects, which also eventually can cause leaf drop and weaken the growth. A silver-grey rhododendron is not a good look and it stays with the plant until the leaf drops, by which time the next set of leaves is already affected because many generations occur per season. The warmer the weather, the longer the infection occurs. Many treatments have been tried for these pests but in this no-poisons age, we are left with few options. Getting the environment right is the first step and balancing good air movement with just enough shelter, plus not letting things get too dry, are all positives. Good old-fashioned summer oil or neem oil are probably the only options for safer spraying, but these need to be timed regularly through the main growing season to be effective. It is vital that the application covers all leaf surfaces but particularly the undersides, where many of the minute pests hide. A clean water-jet hosing of the leaves will also remove some pests plus assist with moisture around the plant. The choice of new species and varieties is a problem as it takes time to turn around a set propagation range that have been considered top performers for years. Nurseries constantly look to see what is selling well and new hybrids always come with some razzmatazz to help the sales, and that is good. Also to consider is that New Zealand is a long, narrow country with a complex weather system coupled with various soil and topography situations. One size does not fit all but eventually those plants that continue to do well in most situations will survive and those that once were top performers but do not match the new criteria will fall off the lists. Quite simply, the warmer climate species and hybrids will prevail because that is the way we are tracking and it is not going to turn around in the next 80 years. We will always have the winterless north, which will become tropical and the deep south will be warm-temperate, both with the proviso that elevation and exposure will modify every situation. Don’t expect pineapples along the waterfront in Bluff for a while yet! What are the likely ones to look for? The biggest group that we expect to become more popular are the Maddenias. These are fine foliage plants with shiny leaves and what are called scales on the underside. These look like small dots, sometimes almost touching across the whole surface and sometimes well separated. They can be dark brown, tan, yellow or greenish. The scales help protect the leaf from drying out in adverse conditions. Sometimes, the new shoots and flower stems are also covered with the scales. The flowers are usually in pastel colours, white, yellow, through all shades of pink and often with coloured blotches in the centre of each. They can be very fragrant, and the more than 100-year-old hybrid Rhododendron 'Fragrantissimum’ is one of the most well-known; it was originally bred for greenhouse cultivation in England. Maddenias are usually classed as subtropical but they are found in the mountains of northeast Asia right through to China, Myanmar, Vietnam, Taiwan and southwest Asia, so are incredibly variable in hardiness. Invariably epiphytic in nature, they are totally adaptable in the garden. They can flower from early spring right through to early summer and the new growth on some species and hybrids can be coloured in silvery scales or be deep purple-red until they fully develop. Flowers are normally trumpet-shaped and though not in full round trusses like the hardy varieties, they are incredibly beautiful. Hybrids to look for in your garden centre could include pale pink ‘Charisma’ (a Pukeiti selection); ‘John Bull’, white with rich scent; ‘Chrysomanicum’, early bright yellow; ‘Yellow Dawn’, huge, creamy, scented trumpets; ‘Mi Amor’, tall, huge, white, scented flowers; ‘Bernice’, rich rose, scented; ‘Barbara Jury’, soft yellow, scented; ‘Floral Dance’, large white trumpets, flushed rose and fragrant; ‘Floral Magic’, full trusses of white, flushed cream and pink, and scented; ‘Felicity Fair’, apricot yellow, late flowering; ‘Platinum Ice’, wide, palest lilac trumpets; and the new ‘Maddy Bern’ with rich reddish-pink and edged white, scented trumpets flowering late in the season, released from Pukeiti this year. Species that are worth seeking out include R. nuttallii with spectacular foliage and bark; R. lindleyi, with fragrant lily-like flowers usually white but pink-tinged forms are around; R. dalhousie with three to four large greenish yellow trumpets on a rangy shrub; R. edgeworthii, the parent of R. ‘Fragrantissimum’, one of the most scented of all with distinctly woolly foliage and white, often flushed pink trumpets; R. maddenii, a dense foliage plant with variable white to pink flowers, long-tubed or widely flaring, always with a good scent. There are many more but unfortunately they are not so frequently available in garden centres at present. Another group that have been around for a long time are the R. arboreum varieties and some of their hybrids. R. arboreum itself is a tall tree in the Himalayas and flowers very early in the season, covering mountainsides with red, pink or white displays. Early hybrids from these were also big plants and some, such as R. elegans and R. ‘Sir Robert Peel’, are found throughout New Zealand – even as street trees – but are not suitable for small town gardens. However there are smaller forms that hold hope for new, small hybrids in the future and the long-named R. arboreum ssp. albotomentosum, from one mountain in Myanmar, is promising. An outstanding foliage plant, it is a miniature tree in form with narrow, glossy dark green leaves, white below and with small intense red flower trusses in late winter. Only introduced in the 1950s, it has adapted to New Zealand conditions very well and Pukeiti is starting to cross this with other species to breed a better race of rhododendrons suitable to the changing climate – not a quick process, but I am excited at the potential that we have in front of us.
186	4	For too long, the climate change debate in Washington, D.C, has circled around who denies what and when the world may end. On Twitter and other social media, the debate has turned eating a hamburger or vegetable into a partisan argument. Climate change has become a polarizing, partisan topic. It shouldn’t be. On one hand, Republicans have done a poor job explaining how our free-market clean energy solutions are climate solutions. On the other hand, the Democratic Party has seemingly aimed to out-radicalize itself every day with increasingly alarmist and unrealistic climate change proposals that stand no chance of becoming law.The Green New Deal, or most ideas from Democratic presidential primary candidates, only turn away necessary voices and push aside potential feasible policies. While science doesn’t say we only have 12 years to save our climate, it’s undeniable that humans impact our naturally ever-changing environment.So what’s a realistic policy? It won’t come from one single piece of legislation, but from many free-market solutions that unleash American ingenuity and leadership. It’s these solutions that create jobs, clean up the environment for future generations, and build consensus around the common ground to care for the world around us. Take, for example, Cross-Laminated Timber (CLT). It’s a clean building product that proves innovation is how we can combat climate change, grow the economy, and raise our standard of living. It emits fewer emissions to manufacture than other tall building products and acts as a carbon-capture product. It’s estimated that the use of CLT and other mass timber for the construction of tall buildings could reduce emissions by up to 20 percent. It will also stimulate economic growth in America’s rural, timber-dependent communities.Congresswoman Rodgers has also prioritized hydropower as a source of clean energy for her district, promoted carbon-neutral biomass, and helped mitigate catastrophic forest fires that contribute to climate change. She has also led on streamlining relicensing processes to spur the development of clean energy resources and passed bipartisan legislation to encourage the use of small conduit hydropower projects to diversify our clean energy portfolio. Last Congress, she introduced a bill that focused on modernizing hydropower — which powers 70 percent of Washington state — and it passed in the House with strong bipartisan support.On the grassroots side, the American Conservation Coalition has built a presence on 180 college campuses nationwide, helped form the Republican Party’s first bicameral environmentally-focused caucus, and brought countless conservative students to Capitol Hill advocating for important climate and energy reforms.In September, we testified with Greta Thunberg before Congress on the importance of pragmatic climate change solutions. We’re changing the narrative that conservatives don’t care about the environment by building a strong base on these issues.The climate is changing. Humans and global industrial activity are contributing. Thankfully, there are realistic free-market solutions that will lead us in the right direction.For too long, this debate has centered on politicians pointing fingers to the other side. For Americans looking for solutions, it’s an old and boring story — and we agree. It’s time for something new and bold leadership on ideas that work.Climate change should no longer be partisan — or generational.The climate is changing. Humans and global industrial activity are contributing. Thankfully, there are realistic free-market solutions that will lead us in the right direction. Solutions like CLT and hydropower are already here, and there are more innovations to come that will ensure America leads on clean energy, creating jobs, keeping energy prices affordable, and reducing carbon emissions. Why not promote what raises our standard of living today and helps us leave our home better off than we found it? With solutions and results that benefit everyone, that’s a no-brainer. It’s also far more productive than the time wasted on partisan talking points, especially when technology and innovation are already making a difference.This is a global problem, and it requires both parties leading on a global solution. America led the world in the development of coal, oil and gas, and now we can lead the world in clean energy technology.Benjamin (Benji) Backer is the president and founder of the American Conservation Coalition, a member-based nonprofit focused on market-based, limited-government environmentalism. He is a senior at the University of Washington and a conservative activist, hiker and skier.
815	3	Something strange is happening. Not just the illness and death sweeping the planet. Not just the closing of borders and bars and schools, the hoarding of wipes and sanitizer, the orders — unimaginable to most Americans weeks ago — to “shelter in place.” Something else is afoot. In China and Italy, the air is now strikingly clean. Venice’s Grand Canal, normally fouled by boat traffic, is running clear. In Seattle, New York, Los Angeles, Chicago and Atlanta, the fog of pollution has lifted. Even global carbon emissions have fallen.Coronavirus has led to an astonishing shutdown of economic activity and a drastic reduction in the use of fossil fuels. In China, measures to contain the virus in February alone caused a drop in carbon emissions of an estimated 25 percent. The Center for Research on Energy and Clean Air estimates that this is equivalent to 200 million tons of carbon dioxide — more than half the annual emissions of Britain. In the short term, response to the pandemic seems to be having a positive effect on emissions. But in the longer term, will the virus help or harm the climate?To be clear, the coronavirus pandemic is a tragedy — a human nightmare unspooling in overloaded hospitals and unemployment offices with unnerving speed, barreling toward a horizon darkened by economic disaster and crowded with portents of suffering to come. But this global crisis is also an inflection point for that other global crisis, the slower one with even higher stakes, which remains the backdrop against which modernity now plays out. As the United Nations’ secretary general recently noted, the threat from coronavirus is temporary whereas the threat from heat waves, floods and extreme storms resulting in the loss of human life will remain with us for years.Our response to this health crisis will shape the climate crisis for decades to come. The efforts to revive economic activity — the stimulus plans, bailouts and back-to-work programs being developed now — will help determine the shape of our economies and our lives for the foreseeable future, and they will have effects on carbon emissions that reverberate across the planet for thousands of years.How hopeful you feel about the direction this response is taking may depend on how long ago you refreshed your news feed. Just last week (which feels like a hundred years ago), a friend suggested that there may be a sort of Freudian transference from coronavirus to climate — that the fear and sense of urgency will be lifted from the faster-moving crisis and settle on the slower one, becoming a catalyst for much-needed action. So far, it seems any transference is working in the opposite direction: Lockdowns and social distancing are providing a litany of necessary actions ripe for the transferal of nebulous climate anxieties and fears. In this context, consumerism perversely provides some relief — you can finally go buy dry goods to prepare for the apocalypse.But personal consumption and travel habits are, in fact, changing, which has some people wondering if this might be the beginning of a meaningful shift. Maybe, as you hunker down with cabinets full of essentials, your sense of what consumer goods you need will shrink. Maybe, even after the acute phase of the coronavirus crisis has passed, you will be more likely to telecommute. Lifestyles that include, for example, frequent long-distance travel already seem ethically questionable in light of the climate crisis, and, in an age irrevocably scarred by pandemic, these lifestyles may come to be seen as grossly irresponsible. Maybe among the relatively wealthy, jumping on a plane for a weekend away or for a destination wedding will come to seem unthinkable.Sweeping changes in individual habits — particularly in wealthy countries with high per capita consumption — could lead to lower emissions, which would be an unequivocal good. But personal habits may matter less because of direct reductions in carbon emissions and more because of “behavioral contagion,” a term from the social sciences that refers to the way ideas and behaviors spread through a population and can, in terms of climate action, lead to changes in voting and even policy.Which is to say, in order to be meaningful for global emissions, changes in consumption habits as a result of the virus would need to extend beyond individuals to the larger structures that shape our lives. In China, it wasn’t telecommuting or grounded planes that led to the 25 percent drop in emissions. It was the abrupt halt of industrial manufacturing. (The concept of the “personal carbon footprint” was popularized by BP in a 2005 media campaign costing over $100 million — a campaign that, research has indicated, deflected responsibility for climate change away from the corporation and onto the individual consumer.) This is not to say that personal consumption is meaningless — a significant reduction in air travel could decrease aviation emissions. But aviation accounts for only about 2.5 percent of global emissions, an amount that looks downright puny in the shadow cast by heavy industry.If anything, the short-term positive effects on the climate that we’re seeing today serve as a dramatic reminder that changing personal consumption habits will mean very little going forward if we also fail to decarbonize the global economy.Of course, there’s good reason for concern that despite the clean air and canals of the past three weeks, coronavirus will be a disaster for the climate.According to the oil-trading firm Trafigura, coronavirus may lead to global oil demand seeing its biggest contraction in history, perhaps by more than 10 million barrels per day. While this may be good news for carbon emissions now, it signals a human disaster of epic proportions without any guarantee that emissions will remain low.Yes, we could see a sustained emissions drop as economies stagnate and people struggle with the harsh daily realities of a global recession. But there were also dips in emissions during the 2008 financial crisis and the oil shocks of the 1970s, and emissions bounced back as economies recovered. The current crisis is different, to be sure, but after the acute phase passes, industrial production and carbon emissions are likely to ramp back up.A global recession as a result of coronavirus shutdowns could also slow or stall the shift to clean energy. If capital markets lock up, it will become difficult for companies to secure financing for planned solar, wind and electric grid projects, and it could tank proposals for new projects; renewable energy projects around the world are already stumbling because of disruptions to the global supply chain. (A huge share of the world’s solar panels, wind turbines and lithium-ion batteries are produced in China.) Going forward, a shutdown of trade between China and the United States — for economic or political reasons — would also hit these projects hard. The clean energy analyst BloombergNEF has already downgraded its 2020 expectations for the solar, battery and electric-vehicle markets, signaling a slowdown in the clean energy transition when we urgently need to speed it up.If oil prices stay low, that could be bad news for the climate, too. Falling demand has converged with skittish investors spooked by the pandemic and with an oil price and production war between Russia and Saudi Arabia. Cheaper energy often leads consumers to use it less efficiently. Low prices could help depress electric-vehicle sales and make people less inclined toward projects like retrofitting homes and offices to save energy.Coronavirus is bad for the climate even on the most macro levels. Lockdowns and social distancing have slowed climate research around the world or ground it to a halt. NASA is on mandatory telework. Research flights to the Arctic have been stopped, and fieldwork everywhere is being canceled. No one knows how much climate data will never be collected as a result, or when research might be able to start up again.Gatherings of world leaders to address the climate crisis also have been delayed or canceled, and the COP26 climate summit in Glasgow planned for November could be next, meaning that the pandemic will very likely slow already sluggish international action. This could derail climate talks at a time when, under the Paris Agreement, countries are supposed to announce new pledges to reduce emissions. Such a derailment would make it even more likely that countries would blow past warming-limit goals. Going forward, public attention is likely to be diverted from the climate by ballooning fears over health and finances, and climate activism that depends on large public protests is being forced indoors and online.There is a world in which stimulus measures could outweigh short-term impacts on energy and emissions, driving emissions up over the long term. This is what happened in China after the 2008 global economic crisis. Already, China is indicating that it will relax environmental supervision of companies to stimulate its economy in response to coronavirus shutdowns, which means that astonishing 25 percent cut in carbon emissions could evaporate, followed by even more emissions than before.In the United States, we could see similarly shortsighted recovery packages aiming to ramp up the economy to pre-pandemic levels that double down on soaring carbon emissions. So far, the American government’s aid legislation has failed to address clean energy or the climate. The $2 trillion stimulus bill passed by Congress this week, the largest fiscal stimulus package in modern American history, includes direct payments to individuals, expanded and extended unemployment benefits, and $500 billion in loans to bail out affected industries. It does not include relief for renewables, such as crucial tax credit extensions for solar and wind.This isn’t likely to be the last stimulus. Already, there is talk of the next phase of economic relief, and climate and clean energy advocates are looking to future legislation that might aim to relieve specific industries.The two biggest wild cards for climate going forward are how policymakers respond to the threat of a global recession and how the pandemic changes political will for climate action around the world. Prime Minister Andrej Babis of the Czech Republic has already said that the European Green Deal, a new policy package that commits European Union member states to zero emissions by 2050, should be set aside so that countries can focus on fighting the pandemic.This week has seen a chilling shift in conservative rhetoric around the virus that echoes all-too-familiar patterns of climate denialism, suggesting that a more dangerous sort of transference is taking place. As the climate scientist Katharine Hayhoe wrote on Twitter, “The six stages of climate denial are: It’s not real. It’s not us. It’s not that bad. It’s too expensive to fix. Aha, here’s a great solution (that actually does nothing). And — oh no! Now it’s too late. You really should have warned us earlier.”There is another world in which policymakers and politicians planning for economic recovery decide to make building a carbon-neutral society a priority. Because while the new reality could easily drain political will and funding from efforts to address the climate crisis, it could also inject a sense of urgency at a time when politicians are suddenly willing to spend vast sums of money. In this world, governments would create meaningful jobs in areas such as education, medical care, housing and clean energy, with an emphasis on “shovel-ready” projects that put people to work immediately.The U.S. government, for example, could continue to provide jobs as needed — the program would expand during recession and contract when the economy recovered and people could find work elsewhere. As Kate Aronoff writes in The New Republic, “One possible benefit to such a program is that it could provide an alternative to low-paid work bound up in carbon-intensive supply chains like those at McDonald’s and Walmart — currently the only employment on offer in many communities around the country.” This approach would address the climate crisis with the urgency it demands while also addressing the immediate needs of workers who will be laid off or have hours reduced because of shutdowns.Rather than seeing the clean energy transition stall, such an approach could jump-start it, while also stimulating the economy. Governments drive more than 70 percent of global energy investments, and recovery plans could shift those investments as well as include new large-scale investments to turbocharge the development, deployment and integration of clean energy technologies. As Fatih Birol, the executive director of the International Energy Agency, recently pointed out, the drop in oil prices also offers an opportunity for countries around the world to lower or remove subsidies for fossil fuel consumption, which disproportionally line the pockets of wealthy individuals and corporations with money that could go to education, health care or clean energy projects.There are, of course, more radical policy interventions that could improve the health of the planet, our communities and our lives. Adopting a 32-hour workweek in the United States could lower emissions and vastly improve the quality of American life. It’s unlikely we will see a four-day workweek anytime soon, but the profound disruptions of the pandemic provide a rare opportunity, even in the midst of great suffering, for rewiring our sense of what is possible in American society. Maybe the rupture caused by “shelter in place” orders provides a glimpse of what work is “essential” to society — care work, education and food distribution. Maybe it offers a glimpse, distorted though it may be, of what life might be like if we all went to work a little less.A best-case outcome might include a rethinking of the social contract that helps protect and provide for the most vulnerable members of society at a time of increasing risk. We need to ask: What does a government owe to its people? The climate crisis has already demonstrated that the way our societies and economies are organized is unsustainable on a planet of finite resources. And as people face increasing and unevenly distributed climate risk, it is reasonable to wonder what sort of support we can expect from our government. When your community is in crisis, how will your government respond? The pandemic is a gut-wrenching reality check.The crushing blows of the coronavirus pandemic, like those of the climate crisis, will be felt hardest by our most vulnerable populations — the poor, the elderly, the homeless, the stateless, the incarcerated, and the precariously employed — while international corporations driven by the logics of profit and endless growth to seek new markets, cheap labor, and what the sociologist Jason Moore has called “cheap nature,” thereby connecting the world and helping create the conditions for crisis, will most likely remain relatively protected.The new coronavirus spread through the activity of global markets, and it remains to be seen whether we can respond to this crisis without relying on and reinforcing the same market logics that got us into this mess. Rather, to face the profound challenges of pandemics — of which this coronavirus will not be the last — as well as the threat of climate change, to survive and even flourish on this interconnected planet, we have to learn to subordinate the needs of the market to our own needs.It is tempting to say that humans are a pox on the Earth. That where we recede, nature rebounds. When images of dolphins and swans supposedly appearing in newly clear Venice canals popped up on social media, it was easy to believe (though it was not entirely true) that the virus had forced people indoors and “nature” had recovered in our absence. This is the wrong climate lesson to take from the pandemic.Humans are part of nature, not separate from it, and human activity that hurts the environment also hurts us. In China, just two months of reduced pollution is likely to have saved the lives of 4,000 children under the age of 5 and 73,000 adults over the age of 70, writes Marshall Burke, an assistant professor in Stanford’s earth system science department. Perhaps the real question is not whether the virus is “good” or “bad” for climate, or whether rich people will take fewer airplane flights, but whether we can create a functioning economy that supports people without threatening life on Earth, including our own.Meehan Crist is writer in residence in biological sciences at Columbia University.The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.
784	3	"The future of every child is at risk as nations across the world fail to curb the effects of climate change and provide the clean and healthy environment essential for their well-being, according to a report commissioned by the UN.""Climate change, ecological degradation, migrating populations, conflict, pervasive inequalities and predatory commercial practices threaten the health and future of children in every country,"" according to the report, authored by more than 40 child and adolescent health experts.Though the children in wealthy nations have a better chance at survival and well-being, those same countries disproportionately contribute to the carbon emissions threatening the future of all children, the joint report by the World Health Organization, UNICEF and medical journal The Lancet found.According to the report, not a single country performs well in all three categories measured: child flourishing, sustainability and equity.Read more: Amazon's Jeff Bezos pledges $10 billion to combat climate change""Countries need to overhaul their approach to child and adolescent health to ensure that we not only look after our children today but protect the world they will inherit in the future,"" said former New Zealand Prime Minister Helen Clark, who is now the co-chair of the international commission that produced the report.Exploitative marketing practicesThe report also highlighted the threats to children posed by the commercial sector. Exposure to marketing and advertisements of junk food and fat- and sugar-laden foods are linked to obesity among children. The number of obese children and adolescents increased tenfold, from 11 million in 1975 to 124 million by 2016, the authors noted.Read more: Living in the shadows of violence and development in the Amazon rainforest in BrazilChildren are also exposed to advertisements of products meant for adults, such as alcohol, tobacco and gambling — boosting the chances that they will consume them themselves.The report calls for children to be placed at the center of the efforts to achieve the sustainable development goals agreed to in 2015.""The SDGs convey a dual vision: to protect our planet from a dangerous and uncertain future and to ensure that we deliver secure, fair and healthy lives for future generations. Children are at the heart of this vision, with their own needs, rights, perspectives, and contributions,"" it said.  adi/msh (AFP, Reuters)"
529	4	"3:00 pmNew Zealanders will face more floods and droughts – and subtropical diseases - if predictions in a report on climate change released today come true.‘Climate Change Impacts on New Zealand’ - based on scientific studies published here and overseas - said temperatures in New Zealand would rise significantly in the next 100 years.The report, an update on the last government-led assessment in 1990, expected the temperature change to increase the risk of floods and droughts and cause rising sea levels and retreating snowlines and glaciers.The warmer temperatures and higher carbon dioxide levels could result in possible productivity gains for agriculture, but farmers were likely to be fighting an increase in droughts, pests and diseases at the same time.Native ecosystems would become more vulnerable to invasion by exotic species and there would be an increased risk to human health from subtropical diseases and ultraviolet radiation.The Government minister in charge of climate change policy, Pete Hodgson, said there was little question that in the long run New Zealand’s economy and human welfare would be under substantial threat if the country did not respond to the issue.""We now have a comprehensive impacts report setting out the likely consequences of doing nothing. If we fail to act our children will live to regret it.""Mr Hodgson said our knowledge about climate change impacts was still patchy and uncertain, but that did not mean New Zealand could be complacent and continually defer action.""New Zealand needs a long-term adaptation strategy and we must also continue to play our part in international efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.""Green Party co-leader Jeanette Fitzsimons said the report showed temperatures would rise by up to 3.8 degrees in the next century if nothing was done to reduce emissions, and by up to 2.6 degrees if constructive steps were taken.Mr Hodgson said contrary to a radio news report this morning, New Zealand is staying the course on the Kyoto Protocol.The protocol, signed in the Japanese city of Kyoto in 1997, committed developed nations to cutting emissions of the main so-called greenhouse gas, carbon dioxide by an average of 5.2 per cent from 1990 levels by 2012.Mr Hodgson confirmed this afternoon New Zealand would ratify the protocol next year.""That has always been based on the expectation that international negotiations would have resolved the rules well before then,"" he said.""New Zealand can't ratify a protocol that is not ratifiable, which is a statement of the obvious I have repeated many times. It is not a statement that signifies any change in New Zealand's position,"" he said.The United States withdrew from the Kyoto treaty in March saying it was economically harmful to the United States and fatally flawed for not including developing nations like China.Australia followed the US out of the treaty last week saying it would not ratify the treaty as there was little point in a treaty that did not include the US – the world’s top carbon dioxide producer.The New Zealand report comes as the United Nations releases information claiming global warming is happening now, threatening the Earth with disaster.The 2,000-page report on the science and potential impacts of climate change gave the most authoritative statement yet that the Earth is warming rapidly, that the main cause is industrial pollution, and that the consequences for human society are likely to be catastrophic.The report, from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), made up of several hundred of the world's most distinguished meteorologists, including many Americans, is a substantial slap in the face for US President George Bush, whose unilateral abrogation of Kyoto has thrown the international effort to counter global warming into chaos.It comes on the eve of first big meeting, held in Bonn next week, to try to repair the treaty.The president cited doubts about the science of climate change as the reason why he would not impose on the American economy the cuts in industrial gases which Kyoto requires – and which the US signed up to at the original treaty agreement in 1997.But yesterday the IPCC scientists gave their unqualified support to the view that global warming is real. Furthermore, they said, since their last report was published six years ago, they found they had vastly underestimated the rate at which global temperatures are rising.They now believe they will rise by as much as 5.8 degrees by the end of this century, almost twice the increase predicted in their 1995 report.This is likely to lead to crop failures, water shortages, increased disease and disasters for towns and cities from flooding, landslides and sea storm surges, they believe, with the poor developing countries likely to be hit hardest.The crucial point that emerges from the report is that all these new stresses may be happening at the same time to a world already under great stain from massive population growth, poverty and pollution.- HERALD ONLINE STAFF,*"
184	0	"Until you see it, it is difficult to conceive how much work many Rajasthani girls have to do before they go to school. For some, their chores take precedence and school is a last priority. But one organisation is pushing to encourage up to three million girls to see just how studying can change their lives forever. Bhagwanti Lassi Ram's typical day starts early with cooking flat roti bread; she delicately flips the bread, careful not to scorch her fingertips on the smoking hot plate. Then it is off to feed the chickens and wash the cooking vessels. All the time her father reminds her - and us - of her next chore. ""She needs to take the goats to the field,"" he says, ""they can't wait"". Eventually she's free to pull a comb through her hair, fold her neck scarf into a sharp ""V"" at the front as schoolgirls do here and heave her bag onto her back for the 4km (2.4 miles) trip to school. ""Many girls in our village don't go to school because it's too far,"" she says. ""If we had a school that taught children up to the age of 15 in our village, more girls would study."" she adds. ""Girls are scared to go to school, as you have to cross a highway where many drunk drivers pass by.""In letting his daughter go to school, Bhagwanti's father is pretty progressive compared to many others in the village. The group, Educate Girls, runs teams of volunteers who go into villages to find the girls who are not in school. They talk to families about the importance of sending girls to school and draw up a plan with the community to enrol them.The volunteers work with schools to make sure they are equipped with toilets - they also tutor girls and run classes in English, Maths and Hindi. So far they have helped millions of children and been responsible for enrolling 150,000 girls at school. Meena Bhati from Educate Girls, takes us to a house where four girls in the family were married at an early age. Now a fifth has been taken out of school after being married off at the age of 14.""Here parents feel there is no point educating a girl,"" says Meena.""She's there to do housework, and look after cattle and take care of younger children, while the parents go to work as farmers or labourers. For a girl, education is a waste of time.""Safeena Husain, who set up Educate Girls believes she could only do whatever she wanted to in life because of her education.There are estimated to be three million girls aged 10-14 not in school in India. The BBC's Innovators series reveals innovative solutions to major challenges across South Asia.Learn more about BBC Innovators.One of the main things holding other girls back from getting an education is early marriage. ""In Rajasthan, 50-60% of girls are married below the age of 18. A lot of children - about 10-15% - are married below the age of 10,"" Safeena says.According to Unicef, India has more child brides than any other country. Nearly half of all living Indian women were married below the official legal age of 18.One member of the Educate Girls team with first-hand insight into the pressures many of these girls live with is Neelam Vaishnav. She was married off at 14 to her sister-in-law's brother. According to tradition she moved in with her husband's family, but with the understanding that she would be able to continue going to school. When they reneged on that promise, she decided it was time to bring the marriage to an end.  ""When I decided to get divorced I faced lot of problems. Everyone in the village kept taunting me, calling me names. They still do it in fact. My in-laws accused me of being characterless and having no shame.""Meanwhile at school Bhagwanti is looking to the future: ""I want to become a teacher after studying and teach other girls because when you are educated you have courage,"" she says. ""If I can stand on my own feet and find a job, I'll be able to support my family financially.""This is music to the ears of Safeena who strongly believes that because women play such a crucial role in families' health and nutrition, educating girls would solve many of India's most pressing problems.According to Unesco, every extra year of education a mother has reduces infant mortality by 5-10% and raises her lifetime earnings by 20%.""You name any development indicator and it can be improved by girls education - so actually girls are the greatest asset we have,"" she says. "
642	1	Sky News host Rowan Dean says the big lesson learnt from COVID-19 which is applicable to climate change is the “computer modelling is a complete farce” and is a very “dangerous beast that has gotten out of control”.“Be sceptical with these computer models”.Mr Dean told Sky News host Paul Murray people need to demand the computer modelling be “tested rigorously” over and over again which is how it used to occur, but instead nowadays “we just take the scariest projection and we say that’s what we’re doing”.He said there have been many lessons from COVID-19 and this is one which can be extrapolated to climate change.“People should be much more sceptical about climate change which is based on the same sort of flawed modelling with the same sort of prescriptions; close down your economy”.“Give it years of net zero and we’ll be back in the dark ages”.Image: AP
478	5	"        FILE- In this June 1, 2017 file photo, protesters gather outside the White House in Washington to protest President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate change accord. For more than two years President Trump has talked about pulling the United States out of the landmark Paris climate agreement. Starting Monday, he can finally do something about it. But the withdrawal process will take a year and doesnâ€™t become official until the day after the 2020 presidential election. And if someone other than Trump wins in 2020, the next president can get back in the deal in just 30 days. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh) WASHINGTON (AP) — For more than two years President Donald Trump has talked about pulling the United States out of the landmark Paris climate agreement . Starting Monday he finally can do something about it.Even then, though, the withdrawal process takes a year and wouldn't become official until at least the day after the 2020 presidential election.In the Paris agreement, nearly 200 countries set their own national targets for reducing or controlling pollution of heat-trapping gases. It was negotiated in 2015 with lots of prodding by the United States and China and went into effect Nov. 4, 2016.The terms of the deal say no country can withdraw in the first three years. So Monday is the first time the U.S. could actually start the withdrawal process, which begins with a letter to the United Nations. And it doesn't become official for a year after that, which leads to the day after the election.If someone other than Trump wins in 2020, the next president could get back in the deal in just 30 days and plan to cut carbon pollution, said Andrew Light, a former Obama State Department climate negotiator now at the nonprofit World Resources Institute.Light and other experts say the withdrawal by the United States, the second biggest climate polluter and world's largest economy, will hurt efforts to fight global warming.""Global objectives can't be met unless everybody does their part and the U.S. has to play the game,"" said Appalachian State University environmental sciences professor Gregg Marland, who is part of a global effort to track carbon dioxide emissions. ""We're the second biggest player. What happens to the game if we take our ball and go home?""Someone else, probably the biggest polluter China, will take over leadership in the global fight, said MIT economist Jake Jacoby, who co-founded the MIT Joint Program on the Science and Policy of Global Change.The penalty for the U.S. ""is not in economic loss. The penalty is in shame, in discrediting U.S. leadership,"" Jacoby said.Asked what the U.S. plans next, State Department spokesman James Dewey on Friday emailed only this: ""The U.S. position with respect to the Paris Agreement has not changed. The United States intends to withdraw from the Paris Agreement.""The agreement set goals of preventing another 0.9 degrees (0.5 degrees Celsius) to 1.8 degrees (1 degree Celsius) of warming from current levels. Even the pledges made in 2015 weren't enough to prevent those levels of warming.The deal calls for nations to come up with more ambitious pollution cuts every five years, starting in November 2020 in at a meeting in Scotland. Because of the expected withdrawal, the U.S. role in 2020 negotiations will be reduced, Light said.Climate change, caused by the burning of coal, oil and gas, has already warmed the world by 1.8 degrees (1 degree Celsius) since the late 1800s, caused massive melting of ice globally, triggered weather extremes and changed ocean chemistry. And scientists say, depending on how much carbon dioxide is emitted, it will only get worse by the end of the century with temperatures jumping by several degrees and oceans rising by close to three feet (1 meter).Trump has been promising to pull out of the Paris deal since 2017, often mischaracterizing the terms of the agreement, which are voluntary. In October, he called it a massive wealth transfer from America to other nations and said it was one-sidedThat's not the case, experts said.For example, the U.S. goal — set by Barack Obama's administration — had been to reduce carbon dioxide emission in 2025 by 26% to 28% compared to 2005 levels. This translates to about 15% compared to 1990 levels.The European Union's goal was to cut carbon pollution in 2030 by 40% compared to 1990 levels, which is greater than America's pledge, said Stanford University's Rob Jackson, who chairs the Global Carbon Project, a group of scientists that track carbon emissions worldwide. The United Kingdom has already exceeded that goal, he said.""The U.S. agreement is not a tax on the American people. There is no massive wealth transfer,"" said Climate Advisers CEO Nigel Purvis, who was a lead State Department climate negotiator in the Clinton and George W. Bush administrations. ""In fact, the agreement obligates no country to make any financial payments.""Formally getting out of the Paris agreement is bad, but at this point after years of rhetoric is more symbolic than anything, said Georgia Tech climate scientist Kim Cobb. She said she is more worried about other Trump carbon pollution actions, such as fighting California's tougher emissions and mileage standards and rollbacks of coal fired power plant regulations.The U.S. was not on track to reach its Paris pledge, according to the federal Energy Information Administration's latest projections.The EIA projects that in 2025 emissions will be at 4959 million metric tons of carbon dioxide, 17% below 2005 levels, about 500 million tons short of the goal. Emissions in 2018 were nearly 2% higher than in 2016, the agency's latest energy outlook says. That spike likely was from extreme weather and economic growth, Marland and Jacoby said."
338	3	SAN FRANCISCO — First came the lightning, with cracks of thunder that woke Hope Weng from sleep. “I thought it was someone wheeling out one of the garbage bins,” the 23-year-old said. Then came the wildfires, mixing with the unbearable heat that was tough to escape in her Mountain View, Calif., apartment with no air conditioning. “I’m hot and I want to let the window open to let in cool air, but the air also smells like fire.” America is roasting.At least 140 Western weather stations notched record highs in the past 10 days as a thermometer in California’s Death Valley hit 130 degrees Fahrenheit, one of the highest temperatures measured on Earth. Eighty million U.S. residents are under excessive heat advisories. More than 35 wildfires are raging in California, burning 125,000 acres in the San Francisco Bay area alone, threatening 25,000 businesses and homes this week. Parts of the country are suffering drought conditions. And in the Atlantic Ocean, a marine heat wave is fueling what is becoming an unusually active storm season.Scientists say there is no doubt that climate change is driving the extreme weather, increasing the threats to property and life. “Yeah, it’s summer, and summer is hot, but this is different,” the National Weather Service tweeted. “These are dangerous conditions.”Conditions are made even more perilous by the worst pandemic in a century. Tens of thousands of people are trying to escape wildfires and extreme heat at a time when they are also asked to wear masks and keep a distance from strangers. And as a hurricane season turbocharged by heat gets underway, the virus promises to complicate responses.In Colorado, four wildfires are scorching forest, and half the state is experiencing severe to extreme drought, according to the U.S. Drought Monitor, creating dry brush that’s primed to ignite. The Pine Gulch Fire 18 miles north of Grand Junction, sparked by lightning on July 31, is already the state’s second-largest in history.On the other side of the country, the Atlantic Ocean is about two to three degrees warmer than average at points across the Eastern Seaboard, raising concerns that a marine heat wave could make hurricanes more powerful.Scientists are worried that the 2020 hurricane season could rival 2005, the record-breaking year that produced Katrina, Rita and Wilma and exhausted the alphabet to name the total number of them, from A to Z.“With warmer water there is just more energy there for the storms,” said Glen Gawarkiewicz, a senior scientist for the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution. “The things can get up to Category 3 very quickly and that makes emergency response difficult when the storms intensify more rapidly.”The 2020 hurricane season is only now reaching its traditional busy period, but there have already been 11 named storms. Forecasts suggest more than 20 more storms are coming, including as many as six hurricanes at the intensity levels of Category 3 or higher. On Friday, two more systems were developing in the Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea.While the Atlantic Ocean was relatively cool in the early spring, temperatures rose this summer — causing a temperature spike known as a marine heat wave from southern Maine to Georgia.“We found marine heat waves have been increasing in both their intensity and their duration,” said Vince Saba, lead climate scientist at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s Northeast Fisheries Science Center. He and other researchers have analyzed satellite data dating back to 1981 to examine long-term trends in ocean temperatures off the Eastern Seaboard.As the Atlantic has warmed, unusual species have been showing up farther north. Groups of Portuguese men-of-war, which usually congregate in tropical and subtropical waters, washed ashore on Fire Island, off Long Island. An angler caught a juvenile cobia, a sport fish popular in the Southeast, off Rhode Island’s Block Island. In July, a man fishing off Nantucket caught a houndfish, a warm-water species that may never have been caught before along the Massachusetts shore.“This year is strange, in a nutshell,” Saba said.Although hurricanes, wildfires and flooding from storm water strike more fear and generate more news headlines, extreme heat is a far more deadly force of nature.High temperatures can cause dehydration, low blood pressure, dizziness and muscle spasms. If the body’s thermoregulatory system becomes overwhelmed, cells will begin to break down and essential organs will fail.According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, more than 8,000 people in the United States died of heat-related symptoms between 1999 and 2010. Nearly all the deaths happened between May and September, with July and August accounting for the highest toll, 65 percent.Most heat-related deaths happen in cities and occur among non-White people, according to the CDC. The states with the highest death rates, the agency said, are Arizona, Texas and California, accounting for 43 percent of the total.Officials in Maricopa County, Ariz., where the mercury has hit 115 degrees a record-breaking eight times this summer, are already investigating at least 243 deaths linked to heat illness — 111 more cases than were recorded at this point last year.“This is climate change,” said Susan Clark, a heat expert and director of the Sustainability Initiative at the University at Buffalo. “This increased intensity and frequency of temperatures and heat waves are part of the projections for the future. . . . There is going to be more morbidity and mortality [from heat.] There are going to be more extremes.”The oppressively hot and relentlessly dry conditions in Western states are the result of a massive “heat dome,” a wall of high pressure that’s sucking moisture from the soil and preventing clouds from forming.Climate change has already raised average temperatures in many Southwestern cities by 2 degrees Celsius, which is 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit. Conditions aren’t much better on the muggy East Coast. Delaware, Maryland, New Jersey and New Hampshire each experienced their hottest July on record this year.In New York City, where glass and concrete trap the sun’s energy and create a “heat island,” officials opened fire hydrants and set up misting stations during week-long stretches of 90-degree temperatures.When temperatures spike, the most vulnerable people suffer the most, said environmental justice activist Chandra Farley, director of the Just Energy program at the Atlanta-based Partnership for Southern Equity.Black and Latino Americans are more likely to live in neighborhoods with lots of industry and few trees, which contributes to the heat island effect. People living on low incomes are less able to afford air conditioning.Living at or near poverty in an urban hot zone during a pandemic is made even worse when wildfire and hurricanes become a threat.With California experiencing extreme fires yet again, the region’s electrical grid operator and the utilities have switched off power to hundreds of thousands of homes to prevent sparking that could lead to more fires.“If there’s anything I’ve learned it’s that Mother Nature is a very formidable adversary and only a fool would underestimate the power of what can happen,” said Bill Smith, the recently named chief executive of Pacific Gas & Electric, which declared bankruptcy last year after facing $30 billion in liability for fires, including the Camp Fire that killed at least 85 people.Every day, Smith gets a seven-day forecast looking at the wind and moisture and actions that might protect the utility’s infrastructure and prevent its equipment from starting a fire.So far this season, PG&E has cut back vegetation along 1,500 miles of power lines and installed insulated conductors, cameras and fiberglass poles in areas susceptible to fire. It has also installed nearly 600 switches that will enable the utility to turn off power to smaller areas in what Smith called a more “surgical” response to fire.Yet this week, the utility was ordered by the regional grid operator to help with rolling blackouts that affected more than 400,000 people in the midst of the state’s heat wave, Smith said.“I hold my breath going into wildfire season,” said Smith, who spent most of his career working for AT&T before joining the PG&E board last year. “I was on a call with investors and somebody asked, ‘How comfortable are you with the preparation for the wildfire season?’ I said. ‘I can’t use the words ‘comfortable’ and ‘wildfire’ in the same sentence.’ ”There is also distress in Colorado.Four fires are underway, one of which has shut down part of Interstate 70, the main highway connecting eastern and western Colorado. The number and intensity are unusual. Between 2002 and 2019, wildfires in Colorado destroyed an average of 82,778 acres of land every year. So far, just these four fires have burned 181,816 acres of land, or an area about four times the size of the District of Columbia.“As a fire scientist, I can say fires are really responsive to warming,” said fire ecologist Jennifer Balch, who directs the Earth Lab at the University of Colorado at Boulder. “With just a little bit of warming, we’re seeing a lot more burning. We have twice as much burning now as we were seeing in the early 1980s.”Even in the normally cool state of Washington, at least four wildfires are burning and temperatures spiked to levels rarely seen.On Sunday, throngs of Seattle residents rushed to its shores to cool off from the 98-degree heat, the hottest it has been in 11 years, since it hit 103 degrees in July of 2009, according to the National Weather Service measurements at the Seattle-Tacoma International Airport.“I remember thinking, I moved here because I like the cool!” said Seattle resident David Ziff, who had taken a work call in his car because it had air conditioning.The Seattle Fire Department reported three fatal drownings during a 10-day stretch of warm weather, when people jumped off boats into Lake Washington and didn’t resurface. The drownings are a rare number for such a short period of time, said Seattle Fire spokesperson Kristin Tinsley.It’s not uncommon for the Northwest city to get a small heat wave each summer, but many people found themselves unprepared for Sunday’s furnace blast. The city is one of the least air conditioned in the country, according to the U.S. Census Bureau, and with pandemic concerns keeping many restaurants and cafes shuttered, residents had no choice but to stay at home.“I normally walk around a lot,” said Samantha Steele, as she read a book by the lake on Tuesday after the worst of the heat was over. In years past, she would have gone to a nearby coffee shop to savor the air conditioning, but social distancing protocols kept her home.“So I stayed inside,” she said, “under my ceiling fan.”Siddiqui reported from San Francisco. Rachel Lerman in Seattle and Steven Mufson and Chris Mooney in Washington contributed to this report.
254	2	"Thousands of Kiwi kids are picking up placards and protesting for their future.  New Zealand students will be swapping their school books for banners and megaphones in the name of climate change on Friday, March 15. It's part of a Strike 4 Climate Change global movement that all started with 16-year-old Greta Thunberg. In 2018, Thunberg striked outside the Swedish parliament in an attempt to raise awareness of what she called ""the biggest crisis in human history"". Her plight has been heard by students from more than 50 countries, including the United Kingdom, the United States, Japan, Australia and now New Zealand.  READ MORE: * Striking students will be marked as truants * Christchurch pupils to strike as part of climate change action * Why these climate change activists are ready to break the law *  New Zealanders rally to global People's Climate March call for action WHY A STRIKE? Thousands of teenagers in Belgium and London have already taken to the streets holding placards which read: ""What do we want? Climate justice. When do we want it? Now"" and ""The ocean is rising and so are we"". It's a call to action and their message is clear; they're not waiting for adults to save the world, they're going to do it themselves.  KIWI TEENAGERS TO MARCH In New Zealand, thousands of Kiwi students are expected to join in on the protest as part of the global movement. Events in the major cities have already been organised with more being set up in the country's provincial areas, as part of a movement known as Schools 4 Climate Action.  In Christchurch, 12-year-old Lucy Gray will be among the masses standing up for what she believes in.  ""As young people we want to have our voices heard and make people wake up to this global issue that affects everyone,"" she said. Gray said teachers strike ""all the time to get what they want and that's just money"". ""We want our future; I think that should be allowed."" WHAT PEOPLE ARE SAYING The strikes have polarised politicians, schools and public opinion around the globe. In the UK, Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn said it was inspiring to see school kids making their voice heard. But other have come out saying it's ""truancy"" rather than a strike. Although some New Zealand school heads have said they were supportive of the cause and would make it into a learning opportunity, others questioned what the strike would actually achieve. On advice from the Ministry of Education, some schools seem to  be adopting a unified stance that students must have their parents' permission to attend, and will be marked ""unjustifiably absent"" if they do not. Anyone who attends without their parents' permission would be marked as truant. A template letter sent to Christchurch parents said schools ""do not support students attending this event"". WHO SUPPORTS THE STRIKE? An open letter to Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern supporting the strike and calling for more government action on climate change has been signed by over 1,000 academics, teachers, and researchers.  Amanda Thomas, a lecturer in Environmental Studies at Victoria University who helped organise the letter, said it was important for adults to support the cause, and that the strike should be seen as more than just students missing a day of school, it is giving them a ""sense of agency in their own power"" and a chance to have their voice heard. Green Party Co-Leader James Shaw wrote in an opinion column for Stuff that he found it patronising for adults to tell young people whether they should protest or how they should protest.  He also dismissed those who argued that the protest should have happened on the weekend.  ""Do it on a school day and look at the attention they've been getting ever since the plan was announced,"" he wrote. ""When you're fighting for your future, and you are trying to get the attention of those whom you feel have let you down, following the rules and marching on the weekend isn't going to cut it. A protest isn't a protest if it's on the terms of the very people you're raising your protest with."" ""It wouldn't have stopped nuclear warships entering our waters if protesters had waved placards on Auckland's Tamaki Drive or from the Massey Memorial overlooking Wellington Harbour. However, Shaw stopped short of explicitly encouraging or discouraging students from participating, saying it was ""their choice to make."" WILL STUDENTS BE MARKED WITH AN ABSENCE? Several principals and teachers have said that students will be marked down as truant if they miss school to attend the march. Secondary Principals Association president and Pakuranga College principal Michael Williams said students' impact on climate change would be ""probably zero"". ""We're concerned that students are wasting good learning time,"" he said.  On advice from the Ministry of Education, schools have adopted a unified stance that students must have their parents' permission to attend, and will be marked ""unjustifiably absent"" if they do not. Anyone who attends without their parents' permission will be marked as truant. A template letter sent to local parents said schools ""do not support students attending this event"". ""Our understanding is that the event has no recognised, official body organising it. Plans for management on the day, if they do exist, have not been brought to our attention."" WHERE AND WHEN Dunedin - Expected to start with a march down George St at noon on March 15, followed by a rally in the Octagon.  Christchurch - 1pm at Cathedral Square with music, guest speakers and cultural showcases from schools.  Wellington - 10am at Civic Square followed by a walk to Parliament down Lambton Quay, including speakers.   Auckland - from noon at Aotea Square, with performers, speakers and music.  Events are also planned for Nelson, Raglan, Russell, Hamilton, Lower Hutt, Kāpiti, Palmerston North, Whanganui, New Plymouth, and others. "
817	5	"After weeks of strict coronavirus lockdown measures, businesses and schools in cities across the world are cautiously beginning to reopen their doors. Empty streets are once again filling with cars, urged along by the familiar pattern of the daily radio traffic report.Some cities are hoping to take advantage of this enforced pandemic pause to usher in environmentally friendly mobility changes, aiming to lower transport emissions and kickstart a shift in how the public gets around — and at the same time, help those who are heading back to work and school keep up the physical distancing.Read more:  Cities key to tackling climate crisis – global climate groupBrussels began the first phase of its post-lockdown measures on May 4 by rapidly expanding the city's cycling network by some 40 kilometers (about 25 miles), with regional authority Brussels Mobility calling on citizens to choose bicycles for short journeys and ""avoid clogging up public transport."" The new bike lanes, set up in areas where the region can act without relying on other municipal partners, are enforced with road markings and concrete barriers.""A big part of the cycling infrastructure we are putting in place is here to stay,"" said Brussels Mobility spokesperson Steven Fierens. There would still be some ""finetuning,"" but he said the temporary measures were in line with the 'Good Move' mobility plan, an urban strategy for the next decade already adopted in March by the regional Socialist-Green coalition government.In certain traffic-heavy areas — like the Rue de la Loi, a key thoroughfare that runs through the EU district and is often jammed with cars — an entire lane will be given over to cyclists, leaving only three for cars. On the night before the first lockdown measures were relaxed, workers were busy reshaping the road.In other areas of the Belgian capital, including the city center surrounded by the small ring road, priority has been given to pedestrians and cyclists and speeds are limited to a maximum of 20 kilometers per hour (12 miles per hour). The new measures will remain in place ""until further notice,"" with the city studying the results, said a spokesperson for Brussels Mayor Philippe Close.""Ending the lockdown poses great challenges, and radical decisions are necessary,"" said Elke Van den Brandt, the regional mobility minister. ""This could start a cycling revolution in Brussels.""Thyl Van Gyzegem, a mobility expert with regional NGO Inter-Environment Brussels (IEB), was somewhat more pragmatic. ""It's unlikely that the pandemic will significantly change the main travel dynamics in Brussels, at least in the near future,"" he said. Van Gyzegem pointed out that more than half of Brussels residents already relied on something other than a car, and that bicycle use and walking had been steadily increasing in recent years. And he didn't think Brussels' notorious traffic jams would disappear any time soon, with high rents continuing to push people out to the suburbs and beyond, forcing many to rely on cars for their commutes. In addition, the Belgian love affair with the fiscally-advantageous company car — in 2019, a record 315,557 new cars were registered in the country, 7% more than in 2018 according to the Belgian Automobile and Cycle Federation — remained a ""very strong incentive"" to use private vehicles, he said.  ""For this reason, the Brussels Region cannot, on its own, and on the sole basis of infrastructure works […] revolutionize mobility,"" Van Gyzegem told DW, though he did expect the region's ""tactical move"" would bring some transport benefits in the long term.Using crisis as an opportunityOther cities around the world have also been using the pandemic to try out alternatives to automobile-based mobility. In London and other major centers, for example, health workers have had temporary free access to electric bikes courtesy of bike retailers and ride-sharing companies.In the Italian city of Milan, particularly hard hit by the COVID-19 pandemic, officials have announced plans to convert 35 kilometers of streets into more cycling and walking space, with lower speed limits, makeshift bike lanes and wider sidewalks.Some provisional moves have brought about permanent change. After widened bike lanes began popping up in Berlin and other German cities — an act the opposition Free Democrats called ""an unnecessary provocation"" by the bike lobby during the crisis — the federal government introduced nationwide reforms that banned drivers from stopping on bike lanes and required a minimum 1.5-meter gap between cars and cyclists, a measure previously only recommended.Read more:  Five cities leading on climate actionVancouver, Denver, Budapest, New York, Mexico City and numerous other cities have also introduced short-term street closures and temporary bike lanes, some more ambitious than others. Bogota, Colombia, which already boasts an extensive cycling network, in March added more than 100 kilometers of emergency bike lanes marked by traffic cones to take the pressure of its TransMilenio bus rapid transit network.Improvised response But while these post-lockdown measures may be signs of hope for cycling campaigners they remain difficult to implement in many cities in the global south, especially in rapidly expanding megacities in Africa and Asia where billions rely on crowded public transport or shared mobility such as taxis and other private vehicles.An ongoing research project in Nigeria highlighted by the Transformative Urban Mobility Initiative (TUMI), for example, showed that coronavirus measures in the capital, Abuja, which included reducing bus capacity and suspending Uber services, resulted in transport becoming increasingly expensive and restricted, leaving some passengers stranded and vulnerable — women in particular. TUMI, a global sustainable mobility group which includes Germany's agency for international cooperation, GIZ, has been sharing COVID-related city interventions on its platform. Armin Wagner, a senior transport policy adviser with GIZ, gave the example of Singra, Bangladesh, where electric rickshaws were brought in as part of an ""emergency action plan"" to fill the gap left by public transport.""In times of social distancing, these vehicles have been deployed to supply much-needed food to the public as part of the 'home delivery system' in Singra. This enables people to avoid unnecessary trips but safeguards their access to staple food products at the same time,"" he told DW. Wagner said TUMI is also supporting cycling development in places like Lviv, Ukraine, Hoi An, Vietnam and Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.But crowded public transportation is still sometimes the only option. ""We are seeing cities introduce physical distancing measures, both on public transit networks and informal minibus operations where stricter occupancy limits are being set,"" said Gunjan Parik, an urban planning expert at C40 Cities, a network of major world cities tackling climate change.To keep people safe, she said, many cities were stepping up vehicle cleaning and disinfection, mandating face masks and providing hand sanitizer on buses, like in Cape Town, or setting up portable hand-washing facilities, such as those in the Rwandan capital, Kigali.Renewed focus on 'active mobility' neededParik pointed out, however, that fear of the virus could still keep people away, risking the future viability of these services. ""It is inevitable that the fear factor of public transport will affect future demand,"" she said. And with many transport networks reliant on fares to fund operations, new infrastructure and maintenance, she said decreasing services could ""[create] a vicious circle where demand falls further.""Mobility expert Van Gyzegem shares her concern, pointing out that shared mobility — cars, bikes and scooters, featured in Brussels' strategy — could also take a hit, with users fearing the risk of contamination. ""Wouldn't people rather invest in their own bike or scooter, rather than use a shared device? None of these services were profitable before COVID-19 — how will they survive?"" he said.""A renewed focus on active mobility has to form a significant part of the recovery as economic activity increases in cities,"" said Parik. In a statement on May 7, a group of mayors with the C40 COVID-19 Recovery Task Force, representing 750 million people in cities on every continent, emphasized that initiatives linked to climate action — including funding public transport and expanding cycling networks — could ""help accelerate economic recovery and enhance social equity.""""Our goal is to build a better, more sustainable, more resilient and fairer society out of the recovery from the COVID-19 crisis,"" said the statement, warning that the social and economic effects of the pandemic would be ""felt for years to come."""
285	3	" After two Category 4 hurricanes this month, communities in these Central American countries have witnessed rivers overflowing from torrential rains, crops destroyed, cattle washed away, schools flooded, and roads engulfed in landslides. Death, disease and poverty will likely follow. While poor people in rural areas have been often worst-hit by the succession of Hurricane Eta and Hurricane Iota, the repercussions from those storms are already being felt in the halls of power. In Guatemala City this weekend, anger boiled up into the streets as protesters set fire to the Congress building, forcing legislators to reverse budget cuts to the country's already crippled health care and education systems.Exacerbated by the coronavirus pandemic, the fallout from these climate disasters will continue to spread. And it may eventually even reach distant countries, as Central Americans left desperate and vulnerable by the storms flee abroad. Three million people have been affected by Eta and Iota, the Red Cross estimates, and hundreds of thousands of people have been evacuated and displaced. Dozens are dead and missing. Add Covid-19 to the strains on crowded evacuation shelters, and it's a recipe for another perfect storm. ""The risk of Covid-19 spreading will only increase as more seek refuge in shelters, already crowded with more than 17,500 Guatemalans from the last storm,"" Miriam Aguilar, Guatemala representative for humanitarian aid organization, Mercy Corps, said last week.From Honduras, Dr. Maria Angélica Milla, who specializes in nutrition, had her colleague show CNN a makeshift evacuation shelter in an elementary school in San Pedro Sula, where people could be seen wearing no masks and keeping no safe distance. Cardboard boxes lay spread out on the floor—makeshift mattresses for so many families who lost everything. About 180 displaced people have taken shelter there, Milla added, and the coronavirus is often the least of their concerns. Hunger looms, she said. Kids who depended on a meal at school aren't even getting that, since schools have been closed due to the pandemic and even more so now with the hurricanes, she said.Basic necessities, like shelter and clean drinking water, are the most pressing needs for many, UNICEF's representative in Honduras, Mark Connolly also told CNN.Mirza Yolany Valdez, a full-time mother, lost everything during Hurricane Eta. She has been at the elementary school with her two sons, aged 3 and 11, in San Pedro Sula ever since. ""I'm just praying that God gives me strength because it's super sad to go home and have nothing,"" she told CNN in a video call. Her voice cracked, and she began to cry. ""With the first hurricane I couldn't rescue anything and now with the second, even less.""'Famine is coming'Violence, insecurity, poverty and lack of opportunities have long been motivators for people to migrate north where they hope to find a better chance at life. For months, experts have predicted that Covid-19 could create a new wave of migrants trying to reach the US border. But the lasting damage of Hurricanes Eta and Iota are a reminder that climate change is a growing driver of migration, too.""People don't know where to go now,"" says Leonardo Pineda, Director of a local Honduran NGO, Asociación Juventud Siglo Veintiuno (JUSIVE) in San Pedro Sula. He tells CNN he's been hearing a lot of young people talk about migrating.""There is no work, so in what will people work? They look precisely for something to help them grow and in Honduras this is difficult,"" Pineda said.During the interview, a torrential downpour could be seen and heard in the background -- the rains that make recovery efforts even more difficult.Steve McAndrew, Red Cross deputy regional director for the Americas, described the scope and breadth of the hurricane damage as ""really overwhelming"" to CNN. ""We know from history, we know from Hurricane Mitch and other major disasters like this that it only increases people's desperation to seek out better opportunities elsewhere,"" he said, referring to the 1998 storm so deadly it became the basis for special US immigration status for Hondurans and Nicaraguans.""This can definitely increase all those pressures for people to move.""In a meeting last week, Guatemalan president Alejandro Giammattei and Honduran president Juan Orlando Hernández called on the world's wealthiest nations directly contributing to climate change to help their countries recover from the hurricanes with financial assistance. This in turn would help mitigate a large migration flow north, Giammattei said.  ""Every time there is a natural disaster as a result of climate change, we acquire debt,"" Giammattei added. ""This has brought on a vicious cycle where we get in debt, we reconstruct, it gets destroyed, we get into debt, we re-build and it get destroyed again."" ""Central America and Honduras are among the regions in the world most affected by climate change,"" Honduran president Hernández said. Dr. Milla has no doubt that the storms will launch new waves of migration -- the only option for some to survive ""apocalyptic"" devastation on the ground, she says. ""Famine is coming,"" she told CNN. ""So much famine is coming because the last harvest was lost, there is no capacity to store anything, prices were already skyrocketing.""""I don't want to think about what's going on through the minds of those who lost everything,"" Milla added. ""Prepare for the waves."" "
677	4	WASHINGTON — President Biden on Wednesday signed a sweeping series of executive actions — ranging from pausing new federal oil leases to electrifying the government’s vast fleet of vehicles — while casting the moves as much about job creation as the climate crisis.Mr. Biden said his directives would reserve 30 percent of federal land and water for conservation purposes, make climate policy central to national security decisions and build out a network of electric-car charging stations nationwide.But much of the sales pitch on employment looked intended to counteract longstanding Republican attacks that Mr. Biden’s climate policies would inevitably hurt an economy already weakened by the pandemic.Mr. Biden argued instead that technological gains and demands for wind and solar infrastructure would create work that would more than make up for job losses even in parts of the country reliant on the fracking boom. Using the government’s purchasing power to buy zero-emissions vehicles, Mr. Biden said, would help speed the transition away from gasoline-powered cars and ultimately lead to “one million new jobs in the American automobile industry.”Over all, the text of his executive order mentions the word “jobs” 15 times.And in a clear echo of former President Barack Obama’s claims that his climate policies would create millions of “green jobs,” Mr. Biden also said his agenda would create “prevailing wage” employment and union jobs for workers to build 1.5 million new energy-efficient homes, to manufacture and install a half-million new electric-vehicle charging stations, and to seal off one million leaking oil and gas wells.“Today is climate day in the White House which means today is jobs day at the White House,” Mr. Biden said.Taking on another Republican refrain, Mr. Biden reiterated his longstanding position that he wouldn’t ban fracking, saying his policies would in fact “protect jobs and grow jobs” by putting people to work capping leaky oil and gas wells. His order creates a task force aimed at economically reviving communities dependent on the fossil fuel industry.Some prominent Republicans said they weren’t buying it, and said the administration would in fact hurt employment as well as middle-class families.“I’m all for transitioning to cleaner forms of energy, but we have to deal with the reality of, for example, the fact that there are 280 million cars with internal combustion engines on our roads,” Senator John Cornyn of Texas said in a statement. “How are families going to get to work, take their kids to school, or live their life if all of a sudden the very natural resource that they depend on for their cars is no longer available?”Economists said some of Mr. Biden’s assertions were overblown, but they offered cautious praise for his plans to find employment for displaced fossil fuel workers.David Popp, an economist at Syracuse University and co-author of a 2020 paper on the employment effects of the Obama-era spending on green job creation, discounted the notion of creating one million new auto manufacturing jobs. “He’s basically saying he’s going to double auto manufacturing. I find that hard to believe,” said Mr. Popp. “You can’t do that with auto emissions regulations. You can’t do that with government procurement.”However, Mr. Popp and others noted that several economic studies on the employment effects of environmental regulations typically conclude that the results are a net wash — jobs lost in polluting sectors often equal jobs created in clean energy and environmental mitigation.And he praised Mr. Biden for acknowledging that the government should play a larger role in helping displaced fossil fuel workers find jobs in the clean energy sector. “The skills on these clean energy jobs — installing and manufacturing solar panels and wind turbines — are actually a decent match” with workers coming from fields like mining or offshore drilling, he said. “What’s really important is how well you can match the job losses to gains.”After four years of watching former President Trump mock climate science and dismantle climate policy, environmentalists welcomed the changes.“This is the single biggest day for climate action in more than a decade,” said Gene Karpinski, president of the League of Conservation Voters. Senator Sheldon Whitehouse, Democrat of Rhode Island, ended his run of 279 near-weekly climate speeches on the Senate floor, saying, “The conditions are at last in place for a real solution.”Christine Todd Whitman, the former Republican governor of New Jersey and critic of the former Trump administration’s policy of eliminating climate change regulations, noted that in 2019 about 40 percent of the United States work force was in clean energy. “This is the way the world is going,” she said.Corporate leaders took a measured response. The United States Chamber of Commerce praised Mr. Biden’s efforts at tackling rising emissions while condemning his directive halting oil and gas leases.That decision to pause new leases is a significant step toward one of Mr. Biden’s most contentious campaign promises: that he would put a stop to new drilling permits on federal lands and waters.His executive order stops short of that, directing the Interior Department “to the extent consistent with applicable law” only to “pause” leases pending a review of the climate-change effects associated with drilling on federal land and waters; it doesn’t address permits.Meantime the order also calls for increasing renewable energy production on those lands and waters, with the goal of doubling offshore wind by 2030.Oil, gas and coal executives said Mr. Biden’s leasing pause will do little to actually reduce United States emissions and lead to lost jobs and more imported oil. The Western Energy Alliance, which represents oil and gas producers in Western states, filed a lawsuit within minutes of Mr. Biden signing his order that said the president exceeded his authority to halt new leases.The challenge, filed in the United States District Court for the District of Wyoming, accuses the Biden administration of making an “arbitrary and capricious” decision.But the pause on leases is one that climate change advocates had long sought and many said they hope the Biden administration will go still further and deny permits for new oil and gas drilling. Oceana, an environmental group focused on ocean health, released an analysis this week finding that ending new leasing for offshore oil and gas could prevent over 19 billion tons of greenhouse gas emissions.Mr. Biden’s actions on Wednesday also established broad new foreign policy goals — including that climate change, for the first time, will be a core part of all foreign policy and national security decisions. Over all, they set in motion his pledge to broadly refocus the federal government on climate policy, but the concrete implementation of new policy could take years, experts said.“The high-level message of these orders is that we are going back to undo the things that Trump did to weaken environmental protections,” said Jody Freeman, a professor of environmental law at Harvard who served as a White House climate adviser in the Obama administration. She described the plans as “an instruction manual to agencies.”On foreign policy, Wednesday’s executive order formalized the role for John Kerry, the former Secretary of State, as Mr. Biden’s international climate envoy, with a seat on the National Security Council. The actions also call for the federal government’s 17 intelligence agencies to create a first-ever National Intelligence Estimate of the national security risks posed by climate change.The administration formally announced that it will host a Climate Leaders Summit of major emitting nations and others on April 22, which is Earth Day. Mr. Kerry said by that date the United States expects to announce a new set of specific targets detailing how it would lower its carbon dioxide emissions under the terms of the Paris Agreement, the international climate accord from which former President Donald J. Trump had withdrawn, and which Mr. Biden has rejoined.The United States has struggled to meet its promises under the Paris Agreement; it had pledged to slash emissions up to 28 percent below 2005 levels by 2020. Energy analysts in the United States have speculated the Biden administration could now reasonably promise to cut emissions between 40 and 50 percent below 2005 levels by 2030.Europeans and environmental activists have urged the United States to go further, as far as 70 percent. Mr. Kerry on Wednesday said it was “way too premature” to talk numbers.Mr. Biden also directed agencies to look for ways to increase and improve the climate-forecast information available to help governments and others prepare for the consequences of climate change. Every federal agency also will be expected to create plans to better protect their facilities against rising sea levels, storms, droughts and other climate effects.That reflects a significant challenge: Even the Washington headquarters of many agencies, including the Justice Department, the Internal Revenue Service and the Environmental Protection Agency, sit inside the 100-year flood plain.Mr. Biden also on Wednesday issued a sweeping presidential memorandum instructing agencies to make what the White House called “evidence-based decisions guided by the best available science and data.” Every agency, not just those that do scientific research, must appoint “scientific integrity” officials.The steps to ensure scientific integrity follow efforts by Mr. Trump’s administration to thwart climate science.Gina McCarthy, Mr. Biden’s top adviser on domestic climate policy, reiterated Mr. Biden’s framing of his climate policies as good for employment by creating clean energy jobs where fossil fuel work is on the decline. “We’re not going to ask people to go from the middle of Ohio and Pennsylvania and ship out to the coast to work on solar,” she said. “We’re not going to take away jobs.”
777	1	"A claim by a senior member of Britain’s leading climate sceptic think tank that ""misleading the public by making factually inaccurate statements” should be allowed has been dismissed by MPs.Instead the Commons’ Science and Technology Committee called for a “robust redress mechanism” – possibly including fines – in cases where science is misreported by the media.The Global Warming Policy Foundation (GWPF), set up by former Conservative Chancellor Nigel Lawson, adopts a ‘lukewarmist’ stance, accepting much of climate science – apart from the projections for the future.It claims global warming will not cause significant problems, while the scientific evidence suggests the planet is on course for a range of possible outcomes with a greater chance of experiencing ‘dangerous’ weather conditions than avoiding them.The GWPF has repeatedly been accused of misrepresenting the science and cherry-picking findings that appear to fit with its stance on the issue.But in written evidence to the committee, Dr David Whitehouse, a member of the GWPF’s academic advisory council who was making his submission in a personal capacity, tried to make the case that such actions should be allowed in a free society.“Some argue that free speech does not extend to misleading the public by making factually inaccurate statements. But it does,” he said.Read our full mailing list consent terms hereRead our full mailing list consent terms here“Being able to speak freely without censorship is fundamental to modern liberal democracies and is guaranteed under national and international law. “Qualifications are made with regard to libel, slander and defamation and, in some countries, holocaust denial. “The important point, and it took millennia and many lives to attain it, is that the freedom of speech principle does not mean that you have to be factually accurate.”In a report, the MPs ignored this plea and made it clear they disagreed – particularly with regards to global warming.They quoted Sir Mark Walport, the Government’s Chief Scientific Adviser, as saying: “The climate debate is an example of where people have claimed to be experts who are not.”The committee also highlighted evidence given by Imperial College London about the “continuing problem of misapplied ‘balance’ in the media’s science reporting”.And the MPs' report added: “The Government should ensure that a robust redress mechanism is provided for when science is misreported.""Ministers should still weigh the importance of scientific evidence but “where they do not follow the results they must ensure that they do not dismiss or discredit legitimate scientific evidence”, the report said. In an age of claim and counter-claim about ‘fake news’, spin and misinformation about science risked causing real harm, warned Stephen Metcalfe MP, who chairs the committee.“Robust consideration of scientific evidence is crucial to policy making and really affects our daily lives and we have seen over many years through the debates around BSE [‘mad cow disease’], climate change, [vaccine] MMR and new medical treatments,” he said.“However too often the clever practice of communications overshadows the true advice of experts, and the public are left bewildered, and not knowing who to believe.“This affects Government policy too, Ministers and decision makers must take greater care to set out exactly how scientific evidence is being considered, and ensure they cannot be accused of discrediting or skewing the evidence for financial reasons or to suit political aims.“Reporting scientific and particularly health issues accurately is also a big responsibility for media organisations if they are to retain public trust, and we need to give the public greater reassurances that they are being properly informed and engaged.”*Update. This article has been amended to make clear that Dr David Whitehouse was submitting evidence to the Commons' Science & Technology Committee in a personal capacity, rather than on behalf of the Global Warming Policy Foundation, of which he is a member. 26/4/17"
829	4	" Credits: The AM ShowOPINION: Newshub and The AM Show are part of a global event called ""Covering Climate Now"". It's an international commitment to bring awareness to the issues surrounding climate change because, frankly, it's too late once your house drifts out to sea courtesy of massive tides and waves and you're clinging to the roof, and clinging to the phone on hold just hoping your insurer picks up. That's the scenario legitimately being painted by these councils across the country who have enthusiastically called for these climate change ""states of emergency"". Frankly, that's a bit of ""grandstanding"" if you ask me and confusing for our traditional ""states of emergency"".News flash folks, climate change has always been with us - now we just have a hyper marketing department, alongside social media, to educate, help and scare us. But climate change is happening despite the grumps and groans from every Leighton, Larry and Alan Jones. But all these reports into what to do? Stop now. No more. Just act. The real report comes annually, it's the true test of our emissions levels. They are a report back on how we live our lives. And, despite everything being said, not much is being done.Our emissions climb every year - up 65 percent on 1990. To meet all the global targets we have to cut by 6 percent a year, but ours increase by 2 to 3 percent a year - whoops. I think our love affair with cars is to blame. Take that a step further and population control is the answer - but politicians will run a mile from that. So, getting us to cut our emissions? It's a bit like getting a kid to let go of a lollipop. But we're not even trying on the emissions, and we're not being incentivised to try, either. In the year 2000 we had 2.7 million cars in NZ.By 2015 it was 3.9 million, and now it's well past 4 million. I personally believe we CAN make changes in the world, although largely the path has been set, but we CAN have some influence at the margins by modifying behaviour.However, let's not all lose our jobs and way of life trying to get there. But until the Government bans V8s and other big grunty dirty beasts the message surely is ""go for it"". What do we expect?"
550	3	A 765,000-person study argues that unusually warm nights are a public-health hazard.In the fall of 2015, the worst heatwave in 25 years struck Southern California. Los Angeles saw two back-to-back 100-degree days, which set an October record and plagued the Long Beach marathon. San Diego, meanwhile, cooked in monthly temperatures 7.7 degrees Fahrenheit warmer than usual.But the real weird weather came at night. For more than a week, San Diego’s nighttime low barely fell below 75 degrees, even in the coolest hours before dawn. It remains the hottest string of October nights ever recorded in the city.Nick Obradovich remembers the heat grimly. As a graduate student at the University of California San Diego, his window AC unit couldn’t keep his apartment cool, nor could he afford to keep it running most of the time. His bedroom got hotter and hotter as he tossed and turned through the night. As he lay awake, he wondered if other people were going through the same thing.Yes—and they still are, he and his colleagues now argue. The first paper examining the link between climate change and human sleep, published Friday in Science Advances, finds that high nighttime temperatures drive more self-reported sleep problems. Elderly people, and people making less than $50,000 per year, seem especially affected by the trend.The study draws on data from the largest survey of its kind: a 765,000-person telephone survey conducted between 2002 and 2011 by the Center for Disease Control and Prevention. The authors then compared those answers—which included a respondent’s location and income—to heat waves during the same period. “When you have anomalously warm nights in the summer, you have increases in reported sleep difficulties,” Obradovich says.Anomalously warm nights are one of the earliest symptoms of human-caused climate change. For the past 10,000 years, the same daily cycle has played out: The sun’s heat streams into the atmosphere during the day, and then much of it radiates back into space at night. But greenhouse gases like carbon dioxide trap that heat and reflect it back into the Earth system, keeping ambient temperatures high even at night.Obradovich argues that these warmer nights are worsening sleep at a physiological level. “We know from a broad literature in the laboratory context that our sleep is regulated pretty heavily by our body temperature—and especially by our core body temperature. The [ambient] temperature in a lab setting can affect someone’s sleep quality,” he says.Previous public-health studies have found that heat waves raise mortality levels among older people. Obradovich suggests that one cause of this elevated mortality could be poorer sleep quality.“It’s a brilliant use of secondary data,” says Jeanne Geiger-Brown, the dean of the school of health professions at Stevenson University and a long-time researcher of the epidemiology of sleep. She was not connected to this study. “The federal government collects data for a variety of things and this particular use of the Behavior Risk Factors Survey—and to link it with the climate data—is very, very innovative. I give them a lot of credit for that.”Geiger-Brown cautioned that, “as is true of all studies that use secondary data, you can only work with the data you have.” The two most common causes of self-reported poor sleep quality are sleep disorders, like sleep apnea, and the lack of a comfortable, dark place to rest and the ability to spend seven hours there.“Just because of nature of the data, elderly people are more likely to have sleep disorders. And on the converse side, they found people with lower incomes were more susceptible to having this [heatwave-caused] effect—but they often have to work two jobs to make a living wage,” and thus tend to lack sleep opportunity, Geiger-Brown said. In other words, low-income people and older folks are the groups of Americans most likely to have sleep problems, generally.The data offers other benefits, though. It studies a much more diverse population than a clinical trial would normally allow, Geiger-Brown said. “It really is a representative sample of the United States, and you can’t get that in the clinical setting. That’s what makes this so powerful.”The most confronting consequences of the research may not even apply in an American setting. While the best evidence for this kind of study comes from the U.S., the consequences of climate-addled sleep could be far worse in less-studied parts of the world: namely, those that get hotter at night or have fewer air-conditioning units. “It’s very possible that the effects we see in the U.S. represent some kind of lower bound for what we might observe in poorer countries that are hotter on average,” Obradovich says.He recalled an earlier research trip, longer ago, in Western Africa. “In Ghana, it’s really hot and really humid, and there are no other options. You just suffer through the heat.”
875	4	"German Chancellor Angela Merkel hosted Fridays for Future youth climate activists, including teenager Greta Thunberg, in Berlin on Thursday. The talks about climate issues marked the second anniversary of the founding of the movement.Luisa Neubauer from Germany and Belgium's Anuna de Wever and Adelaide Charlier joined the 17-year-old Thunberg for the hour-and-a-half meeting with the Chancellor.""We asked her to treat the climate crisis like you treat any other crisis,"" said Thunberg, following the meeting, repeating a key demand in an open letter sent to all EU leaders on July 16.The activists confirmed they discussed parts of the letter, which demands a halt on fossil fuel investments and subsidies.Greta also called for Merkel to ""be brave"" and become a leader in the crisis. The activists said Merkel had told them that she would take this into consideration.Read more: Fridays for Future: Can they keep the pressure up?At the start of July, Germany assumed the rotating EU presidency. The country has vowed to make climate policy a central focus of its tenure.Merkel did not speak to the press after the discussion. Ahead of the talks, she said she expects ""a constructive exchange.""""I think we will have to wait and see which concrete results we take away from it,"" she added.Neubauer said that the activists spent ""a long time"" talking about equipping democracy to meet the challenge of addressing issues surrounding the climate, adding: ""We're asking for a lot — we know that.""De Wever said that the coronavirus pandemic had proven what governments can do when faced with a crisis.They also discussed how to hit the goals of the Paris Agreement that aims to keep the global temperature rising below 2 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels.Around 20 supporters greeted the activists outside the chancellery in Berlin. They held signs demanding action from politicians and chanted ""you are robbing us of our future"" — a phrase from a speech by Thunberg to the UN.The pandemic put a stop to mass gatherings and protests, forcing the movement online. However, the activists said they were now mobilizing, ""planning to strike online or offline"" as part of a corona-safe edition of last September's Global Climate Strike. Organizers estimate that the last day of actions saw a global turnout of 7.6 million, including around  270,000 people in Berlin.This year's event on September 25 will ensure social distancing and a focus on creating powerful imagery rather than attracting large crowds.kmm/rt (dpa, AFP)"
824	2	"Over the past decade, scientists have added to our understanding of climate change by studying frozen ice cores from the polar regions. Now, a team of scientists involved in the €3.6 million ($4.3 million) EU research project PROMESS1 (PROfiles across Mediterranean Sedimentary Systems) are hoping to extend that understanding using ocean drilling techniques.The PROMESS1 team has collected 500,000-year-old sediment cores from the bottom of the Mediterranean Sea. These cores, which act like an archive of past climate developments, will allow scientists to reconstruct climate variations dating from pre-historic times, and hopefully, provide keys to better understand climate change now. The project involves partners from France, Germany, Italy, Spain, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom. ""The findings of the PROMESS1 project place European research on a par with the world leaders in marine geosciences, the US and Japan,"" said European Research Commissioner Philippe Busquin. ""This research helps us to understand the Earth's situation and envisage scenarios to be taken into account by policy-makers.""Complementing ice core dataBetween June 24 and July 22, the team of European scientists were on a drilling expedition in the Mediterranean, which took them from Brindisi, Italy, to Barcelona, Spain, collecting long sediment cores of up to 300 meters. The data collected from the cores will be compared with data provided from ice core drilling projects.Last month, the European Commission presented the latest results of its ice core project in Antarctica (EPICA). Scientists there brought to the surface a 740,000-year-old ice core -- the oldest ever analyzed. The results will feed into computer models used to predict future climate changes. EU climate change researchers have found that over the last 740,000 years, the Earth experienced eight ice ages, and eight warmer periods. In the last 400,000 years, the warm periods have had a temperature similar to that of today. However, carbon dioxide levels, which are known to contribute to global warming, are the highest they've been in the last 440,000 years. "
982	0	"Chiefs coach Warren Gatland has refused to blame the officials for this one, as his team wrote themselves into the history books for all the wrong reasons. After gripes with various refereeing calls in the majority of his team’s losses in Super Rugby Aotearoa, this time there looked a more legitimate argument for Gatland to hit the roof after his team capitulated to a stunning 33-31 loss to the Highlanders in Hamilton on Sunday. The visitors to FMG Stadium Waikato stunned everyone by coming from 24-0 down at the quarter mark, to win it after the siren via a Sio Tomkinson try and Mitch Hunt conversion. However, with the Chiefs ahead 31-19 in the 65th minute, a no-try call on Damian McKenzie proved a big moment, which kept the southerners in with their sniff. READ MORE: * Super Rugby: 'It's obviously my preferred position', Otere Black injury opens door for Beauden Barrett * Super Rugby Aotearoa: Highlanders secure stunning comeback win over Chiefs * Super Rugby Aotearoa: Jordie gets the last laugh in Battle of the Barretts  The scrum call by referee Mike Fraser and TMO Brendon Pickerill, for accidental offside, was technically correct, after the ball came from the knee of Chiefs captain Sam Cane into the boot of first five-eighth Kaleb Trask, however the rules state that officials can only go back two phases in which to make calls. Here, there were at least three rucks post-lineout, before McKenzie crossed. “I’m not unhappy about that, but if he’s going to do that, then make the ruling [on two phases],” Gatland said. “Because you could be in a situation with another game where the referee turns and says ‘No, that’s too far back’. “You could argue you could have just played on and said that’s a try. “We just need to make sure we have some consistency. “There was a penalty to us on halftime that the AR [assistant referee] was trying to communicate to the referee, and unfortunately the comms weren’t working. So there was a couple of tough calls. And a tough call on that lineout penalty at the end of the game. We just can’t seem to buy a trick at the moment.” Gatland said he was expecting “probably a bit of an apology or whatever” again from referees boss Bryce Lawrence, but that his side simply had to be better at managing their own destiny, having stunningly blown their 31-7 cushion with almost half an hour to play, leaking two tries in the final five minutes. “Sometimes in teams winning becomes a habit, and losing does, and calls go against you, and you’ve got to be smart in terms of how you get out of that, so we’re pretty disappointed about that,” he said. “We put ourselves enough points in front. For me, the most disappointing thing was probably when the Highlanders were under a bit of pressure and they weren’t kicking the ball and we needed to play a bit more ‘14 in the frontline’, because it wasn’t their kicking threat, it was their running threat.” Highlanders coach Aaron Mauger was coy when asked his thoughts on the McKenzie no-try. “Offside,” he quipped. “Was it two phases? The refs, I’m pretty sure they would’ve checked it out. I can’t recall, to be fair. I just back Mike Fraser’s decision, he was obviously being getting fed the information from upstairs too.” For the Chiefs, the defeat now equals their worst-ever losing streak of six, with the two previous times having been across two seasons, in 1998-1999, and 2008-2009. It’s also now a record five home defeats in a row. With a strong focus on starting well – the Chiefs having only scored the first try of the game once in their previous 10 matches this year – Gatland said it was then a “surreal” feeling to stuff it up elsewhere. “You get one thing right and you find that you’ve got another area to work on,"" he said. “We just capitulated in that last 20 minutes. “We’ve just got to be a little bit better than we are when we come under a little bit of pressure. “We know we’ve got some young players and we’re missing some experience and giving guys an opportunity, but with that lead, we should have been comfortable with closing the game out.” Gatland said the decision not to introduce Aaron Cruden off the bench – which also just happens to mean his 100th match for the Chiefs could now be played on home turf in a fortnight – was because they were happy with youngster Kaleb Trask and they wanted to give him confidence and show faith in him. The Chiefs now prepare to face the Blues at Eden Park next Sunday, aiming to end this losing run that even Gatland couldn't have pictured when he took on the job this year. “It’s a challenge, but that’s what coaching’s about,” he said. “We’re not being rolled over and losing by 30-40 points, we’re competing against all these teams, we just need a little bit of luck, and that’ll turn. “I’ve been in coaching a long time and you have a lot of success and then you’ve got to handle some disappointments. The key to that is to continue to work hard and to learn from those experiences and turn those into positives.”"
179	4	With climate change bearing down on the planet and the novel coronavirus upending the fossil fuel business, one of the world’s biggest oil and gas companies on Tuesday mapped out how it plans to navigate the next decade by radically cutting back on its oil and gas business.The London-based BP said that it will transform itself by halting oil and gas exploration in new countries, slashing oil and gas production by 40 percent, lowering carbon emissions by about a third, and boosting capital spending on low-carbon energy tenfold to $5 billion a year.“This makes the BP the first supermajor to spell out, in detail, what the energy transition will actually entail, in practical terms,” said Pavel Molchanov, senior energy analyst for the investment firm Raymond James.While BP announced earlier this year its broad strategy shift to comply with the goals of the 2015 Paris climate accord, Tuesday’s earnings report specifically laid out for investors how much — and how soon — this would change the company. BP had in February — before the pandemic hit — vowed to reach net-zero carbon emissions by 2050, but the new details show major impacts on its business by 2030.“We believe our new strategy provides a comprehensive and coherent approach to turn our net zero ambition into action,” BP chief executive Bernard Looney said in a statement Tuesday. “This coming decade is critical for the world in the fight against climate change, and to drive the necessary change in global energy systems will require action from everyone.”The earnings briefing on Tuesday also revealed more of the change in mind-set at the company once known as British Petroleum that gobbled up big rivals such as Amoco and Standard Oil of Ohio to bolster its reserves.For investors, that means an immediate 50 percent cut in dividends, a significant hit for the British pension funds that rely heavily on BP’s quarterly payments to shareholders. But it will arm the company with more cash as the business reacts to climate change. And on Tuesday, investors applauded; at 3 p.m., BP’s shares jumped more than 7.8 percent, outpacing smaller gains among other oil companies.It is also an admission of how profound the change in the oil and gas business has been. A dozen years ago, ExxonMobil set new profit records and was the envy of the market. Now, the company is no longer in the top tier. Microsoft is worth nine times as much, and Johnson & Johnson is worth twice as much in market value. ExxonMobil, which supplies gasoline to automobiles, is worth $180 billion, not even two-thirds the market value of Tesla, the maker of electric vehicles.“Ever since it discovered oil in Iran in 1908, BP has been among the world’s leading oil companies. Now it aims to be something different — seeking to make an historic shift from being an IOC — an international oil company — to being an IEC — an integrated energy company,” Daniel Yergin, author of “The Prize” and “The New Map,” said in an email. “It will still produce oil, but with an increasing focus on renewables, electricity, and new technologies.”This isn’t the first time BP has put significant sums into renewable energy. After the oil crises of the 1970s, the company sought to diversify. It became a leading producer of solar panels before selling its money-losing operations.“But times change, and BP’s new tack is a striking response to today’s very different politics, policies and technologies,” Yergin said.One aspect of the change in BP’s outlook is that it, like other big international oil and gas companies, has striven to keep its oil and gas reserves stable or even increase them. These reserves have been the heart of such companies. And BP has spent the past decade in a merciless reorganization to pay for damages from the 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico while hanging onto the company’s best production assets.But now BP is changing again, and soon. Oil and gas production “is set to flatline through 2025 and then decline by 2030,” Molchanov said. “Together with opportunistic asset sales, volumes in 2030 are expected to be 40 percent below 2019 levels.” Investment in low-carbon initiatives is set to jump to more than $3 billion by 2025 and $5 billion by 2030, “en route to 50 gigawatts of renewable generation capacity by 2030 alongside scale-up of other clean tech businesses,” Molchanov added. The company plans to advise cities on “power packages” with renewables, back-up batteries and financing. And it also will build on its retail gasoline station chain to offer recharging to electric vehicles along with convenience items such as food. Other oil giants seem to be struggling to stand still. Reeling from the pandemic and the economic downturn, ExxonMobil and Chevron last week reported sharp drops in earnings; Exxon lost $1.1 billion and Chevron lost $8.3 billion in the second quarter. Production fell 7 percent at Exxon and 3 percent at Chevron.But unlike BP, they still plan to forge ahead much as they have since the late 1800s. In a call with investors, ExxonMobil highlighted its exploration and new production around the world, from Guyana to Abu Dhabi to the Permian Basin — even as big oil and gas companies are writing down the value of their oil and gas reserves as demand and prices swoon. And ExxonMobil is defending its dividend despite price and production pressures.BP, which in the second quarter wrote down the value of its assets by $17.4 billion, is trying to get ahead of what climate change might force the industry to do anyway.Even the company’s critics have issued praise.“BP is the first oil major that walks the walk instead of just offering ambitions for 2050, like its peers,” responds Mark van Baal of Follow This, a group of green shareholders that supports oil majors to commit to the Paris climate agreement with shareholder resolutions.Van Baal said, “BP shows a sense of urgency and imagination beyond oil and gas.”
749	3	SIX years ago Nabil Musa, a Kurdish environmentalist, returned from over a decade abroad to find Iraq transformed. Rivers in which he had swum year-round turned to dust in summer. Skies once crowded with storks and herons were empty. Drought had pushed farmers to abandon their crops, and dust storms, once rare, choked the air. Inspired to act, he joined a local conservationist group, Nature Iraq, to lobby for greener practices. But Kurdish officials pay little attention. “One of the last things we want to think about is climate change,” says Mr Musa.Apathy towards climate change is common across the Middle East and north Africa, even as the problems associated with it get worse. Longer droughts, hotter heatwaves and more frequent dust storms will occur from Rabat to Tehran, according to Germany’s Max Planck Institute for Chemistry. Already-long dry seasons are growing longer and drier, withering crops. Heat spikes are a growing problem too, with countries regularly notching lethal summer temperatures. Stretch such trends out a few years and they seem frightening—a few decades and they seem apocalyptic.The institute forecasts that summer temperatures in the Middle East and north Africa will rise over twice as fast as the global average. Extreme temperatures of 46°C (115°F) or more will be about five times more likely by 2050 than they were at the beginning of the century, when similar peaks were reached, on average, 16 days per year. By 2100 “wet-bulb temperatures”—a measure of humidity and heat—could rise so high in the Gulf as to make it all but uninhabitable, according to a study in Nature (though its most catastrophic predictions are based on the assumption that emissions are not abated). Last year Iran came close to breaking the highest reliably recorded temperature of 54°C, which Kuwait reached the year before.Water presents another problem. The Middle East and north Africa have little of it to begin with, and rainfall is expected to decline because of climate change. In some areas, such as the Moroccan highlands, it could drop by up to 40%. (Climate change might bring extra rain to coastal countries, such as Yemen, but that will probably be offset by higher evaporation.) Farmers struggling to nourish thirsty crops are digging more wells, draining centuries-old aquifers. A study using NASA satellites found that the Tigris and Euphrates basins lost 144 cubic kilometres (about the volume of the Dead Sea) of fresh water from 2003 to 2010. Most of this reduction was caused by the pumping of groundwater to make up for reduced rainfall.Climate change is making the region even more volatile politically. When eastern Syria was ravaged by drought from 2007 to 2010, 1.5m people fled to cities, where many struggled. In Iran, a cycle of extreme droughts since the 1990s caused thousands of frustrated farmers to abandon the countryside. Exactly how much these events fuelled the war that broke out in Syria in 2011 and recent unrest in Iran is a topic of considerable debate. They have certainly added to the grievances that many in both countries feel.The mere prospect of shortages can lead to conflicts, as states race to secure water supplies at the expense of downstream neighbours. When Ethiopia started building an enormous dam on the Nile, potentially limiting the flow, Egypt, which relies on the river for nearly all of its water, threatened war. Turkish and Iranian dams along the Tigris, Euphrates and other rivers have raised similar ire in Iraq, which is beset by droughts.Scientists have laid out steps that Arab countries could take to adapt to climate change. Agricultural production could be shifted to heat-resilient crops. Israel uses drip irrigation, which saves water and could be copied. Cities could be modified to reduce the “urban heat-island effect”, by which heat from buildings and cars makes cities warmer than nearby rural areas. Few of these efforts have been tried by Arab governments, which are often preoccupied with other problems. Mr Musa says the Kurdish officials he lobbies have been distracted by a war with Islamic State, a failed referendum on independence and, now, repairing relations with Iraq’s central government in Baghdad.Politics often gets in the way of problem-solving. Countries are rarely able to agree on how to share rivers and aquifers. In Gaza, where the seepage of saltwater and sewage into an overused aquifer raises the risk of disease, a blockade by Israel and Egypt has made it harder to build and run desalination plants. In Lebanon there is little hope that the government, divided along sectarian lines, will do anything to forestall the decline in the water supply predicted by the environment ministry. Countries such as Iraq and Syria, where war has devastated infrastructure, will struggle to prepare for a hotter, drier future.Some countries are, at least, trying to curb emissions. Morocco is building a colossal solar-power plant in the desert, as is Dubai, part of United Arab Emirates (UAE). Saudi Arabia is not going to stop exporting oil, but it plans to build a solar plant that will be about 200 times the size of the biggest such facility operating today. Like other sun-drenched countries in the region, it sees solar power as a cost-effective way to increase the electricity supply and cut energy subsidies. “When I first started, people looked at environmentalists as tree-huggers,” says Safa al-Jayoussi of IndyACT, a conservationist group in Beirut. “But now I think the most important argument is the economic one.”States in the Middle East and north Africa can do little on their own to mitigate climate change. Inevitably, though, they will need to adapt. So far depressingly little has been done. “Sometimes I feel like I’m on a treadmill,” says Mr Musa.
226	4	"Climate change has already cut into the global food supply and is fuelling wars and natural disasters, but governments are unprepared to protect those most at risk, according to a report from the UN's climate science panel.The report is the first update in seven years from the UN's international panel of experts, which is charged with producing the definitive account of climate change.In that time, climate change has ceased to be a distant threat and made an impact much closer to home, the report's authors say. ""It's about people now,"" said Virginia Burkett, the chief scientist for global change at the US geological survey and one of the report's authors. ""It's more relevant to the man on the street. It's more relevant to communities because the impacts are directly affecting people – not just butterflies and sea ice.""The scientists of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change found evidence of climate change far beyond thawing Arctic permafrost and crumbling coral reefs – ""on all continents and across the  oceans"".But it was the finding that climate change could threaten global food security that caught the attention of government officials from 115 countries who reviewed the report. ""All aspects of food security are potentially affected by climate change,"" the report said.The scientists said there was enough evidence to say for certain that climate change is affecting food production on land and sea.The rate of increase in crop yields is slowing – especially in wheat – raising doubts as to whether food production will keep up with the demand of a growing population. Changes in temperature and rainfall patterns could lead to food price rises of between 3% and 84% by 2050.""Climate change is acting as a brake. We need yields to grow to meet growing demand, but already climate change is slowing those yields,"" said Michael Oppenheimer, a Princeton professor and an author of the report.Other food sources are also under threat. Fish catches in some areas of the tropics are projected to fall by between 40% and 60%, according to the report.The report also connected climate change to rising food prices and political instability, for instance the riots in Asia and Africa after food price shocks in 2008.""The impacts are already evident in many places in the world. It is not something that is [only] going to happen in the future,"" said David Lobell, a professor at Stanford University's centre for food security, who devised the models.""Almost everywhere you see the warming effects have a negative affect on wheat and there is a similar story for corn as well. These are not yet enormous effects but they show clearly that the trends are big enough to be important,"" Lobell said.Wheat is the first big staple crop to be affected by climate change, because it is sensitive to heat and is grown around the world, from Pakistan to Russia to Canada. Projections suggest that wheat yields could drop 2% a decade.The report explored a range of scenarios involving a temperature rise of two degrees or more that saw dramatic declines in production in the coming decades. Declines in crop yields will register first in drier and warmer parts of the world but as temperatures rise two, three or four degrees, they will affect everyone.In the more extreme scenarios, heat and water stress could reduce yields by 25% between 2030 and 2049.The report acknowledged that there were a few isolated areas where a longer growing season had been good for farming. But it played down the idea that there may be advantages to climate change as far as food production is concerned.Overall, the report said, ""Negative impacts of climate change on crop yields have been more common than positive impacts."" Scientists and campaigners pointed to the finding as a defining feature of the report.The scientists also detected climate having an effect on heatwaves, droughts and flooding across the globe, and warned that those events would take a disproportionate toll on poor, weak and elderly people. The scientists said governments did not have systems in place to protect those populations. Warming of more than two degrees would increase the risks of ""severe, pervasive and irreversible"" consequences, the report said.The report also warned for the first time that climate change, combined with poverty and economic shocks, could lead to war and drive people to leave their homes. ""Climate change can indirectly increase risks of violent conflicts,"" the report said. It also warned that hundreds of millions of people in south Asia and south-east Asia will be affected by coastal flooding and land loss by 2100.""The main way that most people will experience climate change is through the impact on food: the food they eat, the price they pay for it, and the availability and choice that they have,"" said Tim Gore, head of food policy and climate change for Oxfam.Friends of the Earth's executive director, Andy Atkins, said: ""We can't continue to ignore the stark warnings of the catastrophic consequences of climate change on the lives and livelihoods of people across the planet.""Giant strides are urgently needed to tackle the challenges we face, but all we get is tiny steps, excuses and delays from most of the politicians that are supposed to represent our interests.""Governments across the world must stand up to the oil, gas and coal industries, and take their foot of the fossil fuel accelerator that's speeding us towards a climate disaster."""
928	4	"The State Board of Education adopted the new guidelines on Wednesday --which outline what will be taught to New Jersey's 1.4 million students.It's the first state to include climate change education in it's K-12 learning standards, officials said in a statement.New Jersey's first lady Tammy Murphy pushed for the new standards and met with 130 educators statewide. She said New Jersey is already dealing with problems caused by climate change, including disappearing shorelines, algae blooms, super storms and hot summers.""This generation of students will feel the effects of climate change more than any other, and it is critical that every student is provided an opportunity to study and understand the climate crisis through a comprehensive, interdisciplinary lens,"" she said in a statement.Young people, including teen activist Greta Thunberg, have been at the forefront of recent climate change protests and students in more than 100 countries staged walkouts last year.The new standards, which will go into effect in 2021 and 2022, cover seven subject areas -- 21st Century Life and Careers, Comprehensive Health and Physical Education, Science, Social Studies, Technology, Visual and Performing Arts, and World Languages.The Mathematics and Language Arts guidelines aren't up for review until 2022, but the board added climate change standards as an appendix to those subjects.Former Vice President Al Gore praised the move.""I am incredibly proud that New Jersey is the first state in the nation to fully integrate climate education in their K-12 curricula,"" Gore said in a statement. ""This initiative is vitally important to our students as they are the leaders of tomorrow, and we will depend on their leadership and knowledge to combat this crisis.""Gov. Phil Murphy has made fighting climate change a key part of his agenda and has called for the state to use 100% clean energy by 2050."
0	5	Next December, 196 nations will meet in Paris to agree a course of action to respond to climate change. They will do so under the auspices of the UN framework convention on climate change. This is an international treaty negotiated at the Earth summit in Rio in 1992 with the objective to “stabilise greenhouse gas concentrations in the atmosphere at a level that will prevent dangerous human interference with the climate system”.The discussions in Paris in 2015 will be informed by the latest climate science. In our play 2071, which recently completed its inaugural run at the Royal Court theatre in London, directed by Katie Mitchell, we explore the science, its implications and the options before us. A key aim is to leave the audience better placed to participate in the public discourse, in which we all need to play a part.Climate change is a controversial subject that can raise strong emotions. We are all susceptible to being less open-minded and rational about it than we may appreciate. The climate system is very complex, yet its discussion is often oversimplified. There are gaps in our knowledge, and many scientific uncertainties, some of which are fundamentally unknowable. This makes it extremely difficult to predict precisely what the future holds and to determine exactly what actions, if any, to take. In addition there are economic considerations, political implications and ethical questions that further complicate the way forward.In 2071 we describe how satellites allow us to probe and map our planet’s key components – atmosphere, oceans, ice, and land – in unprecedented ways. By using computer models to bring together the space data with a myriad measurements made in situ, and by combining these with our understanding of underlying physical laws, it is possible to begin to make sense of what is observed. This provides a grand perspective of the Earth’s system as a whole, of its component parts and the interconnections between them.The system behaves in complex and often counterintuitive ways. But the fundamental principles of it are quite simple: its component parts interact with each other such that, over time, the amount of energy leaving the planet is equal to the amount entering it from the Sun. The interactions between the atmosphere, the oceans, and the ice on land and sea drive the natural variability of the climate. The system is very responsive. Even a small change in one component can trigger a chain of consequences in the other parts. When such changes alter the energy balance, the effects are felt throughout the entire system, while it adjusts to reach a new balance. Since the majority of inbound solar energy is absorbed by the oceans, which cover 70% of the planet’s surface and are dark, any imbalance should be most readily observable there. Sea levels rise as water temperature increases, acting as a global thermometer. By combining data gleaned from beach structures and archaeological data, we know that during the latter part of the Holocene, the unusually stable climatic period the planet has undergone since the end of the last Ice Age, sea-level changes did not exceed 0.2mm per year. Information from tide gauges, and more recently, satellite radars, show that in the late 19th century, sea levels began to rise. Over the 20th century the rate of rise averaged 1.8mm per year. Over the last two decades, the rate has further increased to 3.3mm per year. This may not seem much, but it is geologically significant. The current rate is approaching the 10mm per year which occurred during the transition from the last Ice Age to the current warm interglacial, a major climatic shift. And it is occurring during the warm interglacial, at a time unrelated to the natural ice age cycle.In 1978 John Mercer, a US glaciologist, described how, in a warming world, a successive collapse of ice shelves extending down the Antarctic Peninsula might occur. He suggested that this would be a warning sign of a more significant sequence of events to come. The Antarctic Peninsula connects to an area of the Antarctic called West Antarctica, where the massive ice sheet sits on bedrock that is up to 2km below sea level. Mercer’s concern was that if the successive collapse reached this far, the pressure of the warmer water at depth would lift the ice sheet, causing water to penetrate deeper and deeper below the ice, reducing friction between the ice and rock, leading to an unstoppable collapse. This would result in a rise in sea levels over time of many metres, as the total volume of ice in West Antarctica is equivalent to a six-metre rise.Since the 1990s, a successive series of ice shelf collapses has occurred along the peninsula, and parts of the West Antarctic ice sheet are now accelerating into the ocean. And in the northern hemisphere, the satellite and surface data show that the loss of ice from the Greenland ice sheet increased by 600% over a decade following the 1990s. It is estimated that, at present, the melting of ice sheets and glaciers contributes to about half of the observed sea level rise. Apart from a small contribution from human use of aquifers, the rest of the sea level rise is due to thermal expansion – the oceans are warming.The greenhouse effectThe atmospheric trace gases – water vapour, methane and carbon dioxide – provide an explanation of the planetary energy imbalance. These gases are present in relatively small quantities in our atmosphere, but they have a significant impact on the temperature of the planet since they obstruct the loss of heat from the surface as it passes upwards. This effect, known as the greenhouse effect, causes the Earth’s surface to have an average temperature of 15C. Without it, the surface would be 15C below freezing.Ice cores drilled from ice sheets and glaciers in the Antarctic and Greenland provide a means of measuring past changes in atmospheric greenhouse gas concentrations. Each year the snowfall creates a layer that compacts to ice and traps bubbles of the contemporary air. The deepest ice cores extracted from the Antarctic are more than 3km long and contain a record stretching back 800,000 years. By melting the ice and measuring the ratios of different atomic isotopes in the water, a history of global temperature can be derived. The relationship between the trace gases and temperature can then be studied.During each recent cold phase, when on average global temperatures have decreased by 5C, and vast ice sheets have built up over northern high latitudes, the carbon dioxide concentration of the atmosphere dipped to about 180 parts per million. In the warm phases it peaked at around 300 ppm. This year, the CO2 concentration of the atmosphere passed 400 ppm. The rise over the last century is already 100 ppm – the same as the natural change between an ice age and an interglacial warm period, but at a rate more than 100 times faster. And it is in the “warm” direction of increased concentration not experienced by the planet at any point over the last 800,000 years based on the ice core data, and probably not over the two million years judging by the geological record.This has occurred because the global carbon cycle has been disrupted. The cycle consists of large annual exchanges between the carbon reservoirs of the atmosphere, the land biosphere, the lithosphere (the rocky surface layer of the planet) and the ocean. The exchanges are much greater in magnitude than our own carbon emissions – but, prior to industrialisation, they were in balance. However, in 1712, the invention of the Newcomen steam engine started a chain reaction of innovation, technology and science that spread across the globe. This revolution built the modern world. It was fuelled using cheap, accessible and convenient fossil energy. This has led us to the point where we are currently burning 10,000 million tonnes of carbon per year – a figure that is increasing at a rate of 2% per year.To date, we have burned an estimated 530,000 million tonnes of carbon. A quarter of the resulting CO2 has been absorbed by vegetation on land, which has bloomed as a result, and just over a quarter by the ocean, which has become more acidic. The remainder will stay in the atmosphere for hundreds to thousands of years because it takes that long for natural processes – mainly rock weathering – to draw carbon dioxide out of the atmosphere. Consequently, since the beginning of the Industrial Revolution, the atmospheric concentration of carbon dioxide has risen by 40%.The energy imbalance revealed by the ocean, confirmed by rising temperatures and loss of ice, and explained by the disrupted carbon cycle, is evidently being driven by us. It is the unwitting result of our use of fossil fuels. The evidence seems compelling. But since the implications are sufficiently profound, a deeper evaluation is merited.This is the task given to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC). It was set up in 1988 by the UN environment programme and the World Meteorological Organisation. Its job is to provide a comprehensive summary of the scientific data to inform the policy decisions of the UN framework convention on climate change.IPCC working group I reviews and assesses the physical science information relevant to human-induced climate change. Its most recent report – the fifth – was released in September 2013. It is arguably the most audited scientific document in history. The work was led by 209 scientists, who are regarded as the world experts in their fields. They were supported by more than 600 contributing authors from 32 countries and 50 review editors from 39 countries. Of the tens of thousands of publications sifted more than 9,200 were cited. The authors responded to 54,677 comments from 1,089 reviewers worldwide. So what do they conclude?The conclusions of the IPCCConcerning the atmosphere, each of the last three decades has been successively warmer at the Earth’s surface than any preceding decade since 1850. In the northern hemisphere the 30 years from 1983 to 2012 were likely to have been the warmest in the last 1,400 years. The globally averaged combined land and ocean surface temperature measurements show a warming of 0.8C from 1850 to 2012. They note that despite the warming at and near the surface, the upper atmosphere has cooled, ruling out the Sun as the cause.They report that the rates of loss of ice from the world’s glaciers and from the Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets have all increased dramatically. While glacier losses have increased globally by about 20%, the ice sheet losses increased by as much as 600% between the last decade of the 20th century and the first decade of the 21st. Summer minimum sea ice extent in the Arctic decreased over the last 30 years between 9% and 14% per decade. There is evidence that this level of ice retreat is unprecedented in the last 1,450 years. By contrast, winter sea ice extent in the Antarctic has increased slightly, at a rate of about 1.5% per decade. This appears to be driven by changes in the Southern Ocean winds, which have intensified in response to the planetary energy imbalance.They report that ocean warming dominates the increase in energy stored in the climate system, accounting for more than 90% of the energy accumulated between 1971 and 2010. They confirm that the ocean has absorbed about 30% of the cumulative anthropogenic carbon dioxide emissions, causing it to become progressively more acidic.More recently, the IPCC released its overall synthesis report. This states: “Warming of the climate system is unequivocal, and, since the 1950s, many of the observed changes are unprecedented over decades to millennia. The atmosphere and ocean have warmed, the amounts of snow and ice have diminished, [and] sea level has risen.” It observes that: “In recent decades, changes in the climate have caused impacts on natural and human systems on all continents and across the oceans. Impacts are due to observed climate change, irrespective of its cause, indicating the sensitivity of natural and human systems to the changing climate.”On the causes of climate change, the IPCC says: “It is extremely likely that more than half of the observed increase in global average surface temperature from 1951 [to] 2010 was caused by the anthropogenic increase in greenhouse gas concentrations and other anthropogenic forcings together.”  It continues: “The best estimate of human-induced contributions to warming is similar to the actual warming observed.” In other words, there is evidence that all the warming that has occurred since 1950 is due to human actions.It concludes: “Continued emissions of greenhouse gases will cause further warming and changes in all components of the climate system. Limiting climate change will require substantial and sustained reductions of greenhouse gas emissions, which together with adaptation can limit climate change risks.”John Kerry, the US secretary of state, summarised the working group I findings as follows: “Boil down the IPCC report and here’s what you find: climate change is real, it’s happening now, human beings are the cause of the transformation, and only action by human beings can save the world from its worst impacts.”The cut-off date for published material considered by IPCC working group I was July 2013. But there have been some important results since. Evidence from the Argo floats, a system of 3,500 buoys deployed throughout the world’s oceans, shows that despite an 18-year pause in the rate of surface and atmospheric temperature rise, energy has continued to accumulate in the oceans unabated, with the prospect that some of it will be released to the atmosphere in the future.New data from the CryoSat satellite show the recent rate of ice loss from Greenland and Antarctica has doubled in three years. Some experts have concluded that the loss of ice from the West Antarctic ice sheet is now irreversible and that this will raise sea level by 1 to 2 metres in as little as a few hundred years.Based on a combination of scientific analysis, assessments of the impacts and related value judgments, the nations negotiating under the terms of the UN framework convention have set a limit beyond which climate change will be “dangerous”. That limit is 2C above the pre-industrial average. We are currently at 0.8C. Two-thirds of that increase has occurred since 1980. In order to stay below the 2C “guardrail”, human carbon emissions have to drop to 50% of the present level by 2050 and thereafter drop to zero. This would mean leaving 75% of known fossil fuel reserves in the ground. They would become economically worthless.The temperature at which the system will stabilise is determined by the total quantity of carbon we emit to the atmosphere, not the rate at which it’s emitted. So reducing carbon emissions to zero will not lower temperature; it will just prevent the temperature rising beyond the 2C level. Temperature will then remain at that level for a very long time because CO2 remains in the atmosphere for hundreds to thousands of years.This sets a limit on the total carbon that we can burn. The IPCC calculates this to be about 800 gigatons of carbon. They estimate that we have already burned 530 gigatons. This leaves 270 gigatons for us to use. At our current rate, which is 10 gigatons of carbon a year, we have 27 years left, after which time carbon emissions would need to cease.Suppose we begin reducing our emissions next year and don’t exceed the overall 800 gigaton limit; then CO2 concentration will stabilise at 450 parts per million. Temperature will take longer to stabilise because it responds to CO2 concentration – but it will eventually stabilise at 2C. The oceans will continue to warm and the ice will continue to melt – so the sea level will continue to rise. It will take hundreds of years but will eventually stabilise at a level, based on evidence from past warmings, about 2 to 3 metres higher than today.If we leave it longer to start reducing emissions, we will have to reduce them more rapidly to avoid exceeding the overall 800 gigaton limit. Calculations show that if we leave it until 2020 – only five years away – the subsequent reductions would be of the order of 6% per year to stay within the 2C limit. 6% may not sound much, but annual reductions of carbon emissions greater than 1% have happened only during economic recession or upheaval. The UK conversion from coal to gas and the French conversion to nuclear in the 1970s and 80s achieved reductions of 1% per year. A temporary 5% reduction was achieved in the Soviet Union when it collapsed. Japan recently achieved a 15% reduction when its nuclear power stations were shut down, and demand fell as a result of a national appeal, after the Fukushima disaster.The 6% annual rate of reduction required is global. We in the developed world have to reduce emissions even more rapidly to accommodate growth in the developing world. To achieve the necessary reduction will require a collaborative effort on a global scale.Time is running outThe aim of next December’s meeting in Paris is to forge a deal to put the world onto a path to a 2C maximum rise. The new agreement aims to obtain credible and fair emission reductions and legally binding commitments from all countries – with the most advanced economies making the most ambitious commitments.In the lead-up to Paris 2015, Barack Obama and Chinese president Xi Jinping have announced joint measures to fight climate change. The US aims to reduce its carbon emissions to 26%-28% below 2005 levels by 2025 – nearly doubling its previous commitments. Despite not having signed up to Kyoto or Copenhagen, the US is already on track to cut its emissions by 17% between 2005 and 2020. China, partly driven by serious air pollution problems, has committed to cutting the proportion of energy it generates from coal and has set up pilot carbon markets and low carbon zones. It has set a date of 2030 for “peak” emissions and has pledged to increase the share of non-fossil fuels in its energy mix to around 20% by 2030, from less than 10% today.India’s prime minister, Narendra Modi, has committed to expand solar energy to provide electricity to 300 million people who have no access to power at present. The EU has agreed a package to achieve a 40% reduction in domestic emissions. It aims to boost the use of renewable energy to 27% and to increase energy efficiency by at least 27%. The UK Climate Change Act, passed in 2008 with cross-party support, is the world’s first long-term, legally binding, national framework for reducing emissions – setting five-year carbon budgets to cut UK emissions by 80% by 2050.Around the world, in recent years, almost 500 climate-related laws have been passed in 66 of the world’s largest emitting countries. In 2005 the mayors of the worlds 40 largest “megacities” – including London – met and formed the C40 Cities Climate Leadership Group. They have taken 4,734 actions to tackle climate change, over three-quarters of which have been implemented.Many individuals have taken measures to reduce their own climate-related impacts by making changes in their personal, professional and public lives – installing solar panels, increasing the energy efficiency of their homes, vehicles and appliances, using public transport and avoiding unnecessary travel, changing diet and by choosing to forgo activities that generate emissions. They have encouraged changes to be made in their workplaces and written to their MPs. They have sought to educate themselves about the issue and to talk about it to their friends, families and communities.Around the world, renewable power capacity grew at its strongest ever pace in 2013 and now produces 22% of world energy. More than $250bn was invested in “green” generating systems in 2013, although the growth is expected to slacken, partly because western politicians are seeking to reduce financial incentives.The growth rate of windfarms and solar plants in China, India and an array of smaller developing nations is starting to outpace that in the richest ones. This explains why investors are increasingly confident and keen to put their money on alternative energy. But despite all these measures, global carbon emissions continue to rise.To achieve the necessary reduction in carbon emissions will require the invention and mass roll-out of new technologies that do not exist yet. However, my experiences as director of the Science Museum from 2007-10, exploring the legacy of technical innovation on public display and held in its reserve collection, and of working with engineers on space projects during the exhilarating era of the 70s and 80s, convinces me that human ingenuity is unbounded and that technological advances can be very rapid.My hope lies with the engineers. But the right conditions need to be in place for innovation to occur. Progress is hard when other economic drivers inhibit the transformation. Fossil fuels are estimated by the International Energy Agency to receive subsidies of $500bn per year, six times the incentives to develop renewables.Suppose we fail to take the action needed to stay below the 2C guardrail. The IPCC working group I predicts that by the end of the century, if measures to mitigate emissions are weak, we could have committed to more than a 4C rise.No nation would be immune to the impacts of that level of climate change. Our infrastructure was built for the climate system we inherited and is not designed to cope with the climate system we are provoking.Our food and water supplies, housing, industry – our entire wellbeing and prosperity – depend on access to energy. And our primary source, at present, is fossil fuel. So we are confronted with a need to totally transform the world’s energy system. At the same time we need to ensure energy security, equity, sustainability and growth.So what does the future hold? I look at my eldest grandchild who will reach the age I am now in 2071. I encourage her to be an engineer. We are all dependent on energy. Almost everything we do depends on it. There will be carbon atoms that we each generate today that will still be in the air in 2071, in the air that my granddaughter will breathe.Science can inform, but it cannot arbitrate, it cannot decide. Science can say that if we burn another half-trillion tons of carbon the atmospheric content of carbon dioxide will go up by another 100 ppm and that will almost certainly lead to a warming of the planet greater than 2C, with major disruption of the climate system and huge risks for the natural world and human wellbeing. But it can’t answer moral questions.Do we care about the poor? Do we care about future generations? Do we see the environment as part of the economy, or the economy as part of the environment? The whole point about climate change is that, despite having been revealed by science, it is not really about science. It is about what sort of world we want to live in and what kind of future we want to create.Chris Rapley CBE is professor of climate science at University College London and previously director of the Science Museum, London, and director of the British Antarctic Survey. He chairs the London Climate Change Partnership. In 2008 he was awarded the Edinburgh Science Medal for “a significant contribution to the understanding and wellbeing of humanity”.Duncan Macmillan is a writer, director and lecturer. His production of 1984, created with Robert Icke, played in the West End this year.
633	2	"Liberal MP Craig Kelly says his aim was to “explain the facts” over climate change and “defend” Prime Minister Scott Morrison’s response to Australia’s bushfire crisis in a recent interview with Piers Morgan on British television. Piers Morgan had told Liberal MP Craig Kelly to ""wake up"" on climate change during the interview undertaken on the Good Morning Britain television show.Mr Kelly said the television hosts' intention was to “hijack” the “appalling” interview, saying neither Piers Morgan or Susanna Reid were willing to “listen to the facts”.""They wanted to bash the prime minister,"" he said. He also said he found it personally “offensive” to be labelled as a ‘climate denier’ during the interview. Me Kelly did reveal the prime minister had asked himself and fellow Liberal MPs to try and “hold off’ undertaking any overseas interviews in relation to the bushfire crisis and climate change.  "
357	4	"Veteran actress Jane Fonda has been arrested at a climate change protest in Washington DC.The 81-year-old organised the demonstration at the US capitol, which police deemed was unlawful.Sixteen people were arrested, they told USA Today. Fonda was among them, her co-protesters confirmed.The Barbarella star told local media she plans to protest and get arrested ""every Friday into 2020"" to raise awareness about climate change and ""political paralysis"". The protest was organised with Fire Drill Fridays, a group inspired by teenage Swedish activist Greta Thunberg, whose School Strike for Climate movement saw her stage protests outside the Swedish parliament every Friday. ""I will be on the Capitol every Friday, rain or shine, inspired and emboldened by the incredible movement our youth have created,"" Fonda wrote on the Fire Drill Fridays website.""I can no longer stand by and let our elected officials ignore - and even worse - empower - the industries that are destroying our planet for profit. We can not continue to stand for this.""Fonda has long been politically active, notably opposing the US invasions of Vietnam and Iraq.Newshub."
257	5	Last month was the warmest June on record in North America, researchers said Wednesday, confirming the suspicions of millions of people who endured some of the hottest temperatures ever experienced on the continent.The Copernicus Climate Change Service, an agency supported by the European Union, said that average surface temperatures for June in North America were about one-quarter of a degree Fahrenheit (0.15 of a degree Celsius) higher than the average for June 2012, the previous record-holder.Last month’s average temperature was more than 2 degrees Fahrenheit higher than the average from 1991-2020, providing more evidence that human-caused emissions of carbon dioxide and other heat-trapping gases are warming the planet.The June heat was relentless across most of the United States and Canada. Only parts of the Southern Plains and the Southeast in the United States, and Northern Canada east and west of Hudson Bay, were a little cooler than normal.The most brutal conditions were experienced in the Western United States and Southwestern Canada. In the West, the heat prolonged and intensified a severe drought that has shriveled crops, threatened water supplies and contributed to what is shaping up to be a severe wildfire season.The month culminated in a hellish heat wave that crippled much of Oregon, Washington and British Columbia.With an enormous “heat dome” of high-pressure air stalled over the region, temperatures reached triple digits in Portland, Ore., Seattle and other cities, 30 to 40 degrees above average for the month. In a region where until recently air conditioning had been an afterthought, heat-related deaths soared.The town of Lytton, British Columbia, broke the Canadian temperature record three days in a row, ending with a reading of 121 degrees on June 29. The next day, most of the town was destroyed by a wildfire, in which two residents were killed.The high temperatures last month were not limited to North America, according to the Copernicus analysis. Europe suffered through its second-warmest June ever, with only June 2019 being warmer. Temperatures were above average in Northwestern and Southern Africa, across parts of the Middle East, and in China and much of Southeast Asia. High temperatures in Arctic Siberia contributed to an early start to wildfire season there.Climate change is contributing to worsening heat waves. One result is that people can no longer count on a reprieve: cooler evening temperatures.Here’s how high overnight temperatures can make heat waves deadlier →People can acclimatize to both high and low temperatures when given the chance. Sudden heat waves are particularly dangerous because our bodies aren’t given the time they need to adapt. They are even more deadly when nighttime temperatures don’t drop enough. After a hot day, “it’s important that people have an opportunity to bring their core body temperature down,” said Kristie Ebi, an environmental health scientist. Another reason why it’s important to keep cool at night: We need a respite from sweating, which can exacerbate dehydration.Normally, sweating dissipates body heat. But when it is too hot and humid for sweat to effectively evaporate, a person can overheat. When that happens, muscles and enzymes can stop working and eventually internal organs may shut down. Victims risk losing consciousness, suffering seizures or losing the ability to breathe — all potentially fatal conditions.There’s evidence that summer nights have warmed at twice the rate of days. Both climate change and the urban “heat island” effect, which is when things that absorb heat during the day continue to release the day’s heat at night, contribute.Read more about the Western heat wave. Globally, last month was the fourth hottest June ever. Only 2016, 2019 and 2020 were hotter.Much of the United States is likely to remain hotter than normal for the rest of the summer, according to the most recent analysis by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.Overall, according to the analysis, 2021 is virtually certain to be among the 10 warmest years ever recorded. But thanks to slightly cooler conditions earlier this year related to cooler-than-normal sea surface temperatures in the Pacific Ocean, there is little likelihood that 2021 will make it into the Top 5.NOAA also produces monthly temperature analyses, which are usually released later than those by Copernicus. The two agencies’ methods differ somewhat — NOAA uses more observational data, Copernicus uses more modeling — but the findings are usually in close agreement.
223	3	LAST TIME Canadians had a general election, in 2015, many felt it was a struggle for the soul of the country. It pitted Stephen Harper, a cantankerous Conservative from the oil-producing province of Alberta who had governed for nearly ten years, against Justin Trudeau, the handsome dynast in charge of the Liberal Party. To his fans Mr Trudeau’s victory heralded a return of Canadian values—tolerant, open, progressive—that Mr Harper had abandoned.The election to be held on October 21st is not like that. Slip-ups and scandals have dulled Mr Trudeau’s sheen. He urges voters to “choose forward”, which could mean “don’t dwell on my mistakes” as well as “let me build on the progress I’ve made.” His main rival, the Conservatives’ Andrew Scheer, is affable but quickens no pulses. His campaign combines pocketbook promises with put-downs of Mr Trudeau (he’s a “high-carbon hypocrite” because he campaigns using two aeroplanes). Pundits grumble that the campaign, like “Seinfeld”, an American sit-com, is “about nothing”.In some ways that is a good thing. Unlike many other democracies, Canada is not fighting its election on the dangerous ground of identity and culture. Mr Scheer has not picked a fight over immigration and race, as some analysts feared he would. He accepts immigration at today’s levels, while wanting to be tougher on asylum-seekers walking across the border from the United States. Last year Canada admitted at least 321,000 new permanent residents, equivalent to nearly 1% of the population. Mr Scheer is sceptical of gay marriage (he once said in Parliament that it was like counting a dog’s tail as one of its legs), but has no plans to challenge its legality. The election’s Seinfeldian quality may vindicate Mr Trudeau’s central political thesis: that boosting the middle class is a good way to fend off populism. Both the main candidates are now peddling tax cuts for the middle class. If he wins, Mr Scheer would spend less freely than Mr Trudeau but is unlikely to depart radically from the course Mr Trudeau has set.Except in one crucial respect. The candidates’ biggest area of disagreement is over the environment. Mr Scheer says his first priority as prime minister will be to scrap the national carbon-price floor agreed on by the provincial and federal governments. He says Canada will hit its target for reducing emissions of greenhouse gases—down by 30% from 2005 levels by 2030—by other means. A “national energy corridor” would carry oil from Alberta and his home province of Saskatchewan to the Atlantic and Pacific coasts. Mr Trudeau, by contrast, has stepped up his ambitions for Canada in the fight against climate change, pledging to cut its emissions to “net zero” by 2050. So the election’s main consequence may be to determine whether Canada remains credible as a global cheerleader in the campaign against climate change.Mr Trudeau has other boasts. In his four years in office Canada became the first big country to legalise recreational cannabis. It passed laws to allow medically assisted suicide. His government has skilfully handled President Donald Trump. Along with Mexico it negotiated a successor to the North American Free Trade Agreement and persuaded the United States to drop tariffs on steel and aluminium.It kept its biggest promise: to help the middle class and “those aspiring to join it” by cutting taxes and boosting benefits. This included a transfer to families of up to C$6,600 ($5,000) a year per child (see chart). Mr Trudeau’s priorities for his next term include another middle-class tax cut and a ban on assault weapons (though Canada has much less gun crime than across the border).With this record, Mr Trudeau should be racing to re-election while dispensing advice to other leaders on how to soothe middle-class discontents and achieve liberal goals. But his mistakes, coupled with the high expectations he raised, have made his campaign more of a slog than a sprint.Trouble began when he failed to keep a promise from the last campaign to change Canada’s British-style electoral rules. These award a seat in Parliament to the candidate who wins most votes in a riding (constituency), even if that is not a majority. This “first-past-the-post” system favours big parties. A decision in February 2017 to scrap electoral reform “was the first unveiling that Justin Trudeau was not Jesus after all”, says Richard Johnston of the University of British Columbia.It was not the last. In August Canada’s ethics commissioner scolded him for leaning on the justice minister last year to drop a prosecution for corruption of SNC-Lavalin, an engineering firm based in Quebec, a province vital to the Liberals’ electoral prospects. Then pictures emerged of Mr Trudeau as a young man wearing black- and brownface, embarrassing the world’s most “woke” head of government.Mr Scheer has capitalised on this, telling voters the prime minister is “not as advertised”. His other big message is that a Conservative government will help Canadians “get ahead”, mainly by cutting taxes and fees. A “universal tax cut” will lower the rate on the lowest income bracket from 15% to 13.75%. Mr Harper’s boutique tax credits, for children’s sport and taking public transport, which were axed by the Liberals, will be reinstated. National museums will be free. Some of the money to pay for all this will come from a 25% reduction in foreign aid. The Conservatives promise to help homebuyers by easing mortgage stress tests for banks, which were brought in to cool an overheating housing market.Their promise to scrap the carbon tax combines this “affordability” agenda with enthusiasm for oil. Under the Liberals, provinces that do not have their own carbon-pricing schemes must accept the federal one. This sets a price floor of C$20 a tonne, which will rise by C$10 a year until 2022. All the money raised is returned to the province. Four provinces—Manitoba, New Brunswick, Ontario and Saskatchewan—are subject to the federal scheme, and Alberta will be from January. Mr Scheer’s plan to replace it is a hotch-potch of regulations and incentives. Few specialists think it will result in Canada meeting its Paris promise.On this issue, most Canadians share Mr Trudeau’s alarm rather than Mr Scheer’s complacency. But the Greens and the left-leaning New Democrats are also appealing to climate worriers. And the goodwill Mr Trudeau may have earned from environmentalists was reduced by his decision to buy a pipeline that carries petroleum products from Alberta to Canada’s west coast and to back its expansion.Mr Trudeau’s plan, like Mr Scheer’s, falls short of what is needed to achieve the Paris goal, let alone eliminate net emissions. Planting 2bn trees, Mr Trudeau’s new pain-free idea, will not accomplish that. Still, he has laid a foundation on which he can build, if re-elected, in part by continuing to raise the carbon-price floor beyond 2022.Polls say each of the two main parties has the backing of a third of the electorate. Most of the rest is split between the New Democrats and the Greens. Mr Trudeau may have the edge because many of Mr Scheer’s votes are bunched in the oil-producing western provinces. Perhaps a tenth of voters will make up their minds at the last minute, says Darrell Bricker of Ipsos, a pollster. In a close fight, they may be decisive. Their choice may depend not on how they feel about Canada but how they feel about the planet. ■
493	5	"New targets to eliminate the gases driving climate change from Wales' economy and way of life are to become law.The Welsh Government said ""business as usual"" was no longer an option.Changing weather patterns are already ""wreaking havoc"" and acting now is ""the right thing to do for our children and grandchildren"", it says.The move brings Wales into line with the UK push for ""net zero emissions"" by 2050.However, environment minister Lesley Griffiths said she wanted to ""get there sooner"".It will mean huge upheaval - from replacing hundreds of thousands of gas boilers in people's homes, to potentially finding new ways of making steel at Port Talbot without burning coal.  But the process will lead to new green jobs, and improvements to people's health while meeting international obligations to try and avoid a dangerous rise in global temperatures, the government said.  It will publish a revised action plan ahead of the major UN climate change conference - COP26 - in Glasgow later this year.Advisers at the independent Climate Change Committee (CCC) have already warned Wales is not on track to meet existing, less stringent goals to slash emissions.By 2018 - the latest year for which data is available - Wales had seen a 31% fall in greenhouse gas emissions compared with 1990 levels.New legal targets will force a 63% reduction by 2030 and 89% by 2040, with Wales reaching 'net zero' - effectively a 100% cut - by 2050.Any gases still produced then would need to be very limited and strictly managed - for example, they would need to be entirely soaked back through carbon capture technologies, trees or peatbogs.The government said it was accepting the recommendations made by the CCC in a report to Welsh ministers in December.It had described the 2020s as a ""crucial decade"" if targets were to be achieved.The advisers said a net zero Wales was possible with action on uptake of low-carbon vehicles and boilers, while industry in south Wales needed to work together to move away from fossil fuels or install carbon capture and storage technology by the mid 2030s.Low carbon electricity generation needed to shift from 27% now to 100% by 2035, and buildings better insulated so less power was used and wasted.By 2030, 43,000 hectares of mixed woodland must be planted, the advisers said, increasing to 180,000 hectares by 2050 - to soak up emissions.Action was needed at both a UK and Welsh government level, according to the CCC.Nick Pidgeon, professor of environmental psychology at Cardiff University, said the announcement was ""hugely significant"".Industry, transport, housing and agriculture were all big contributors to Welsh emissions, he said, and would require ""sustained attention over the next few years"".""And it needs to start now - although we think about the 2050 target... greenhouse gas emissions stay up in the atmosphere for a long time,"" he said.""So, the sooner you start on that journey to net zero the better - because you will then be putting less up over the next 20 to 30 years.""Biologist and broadcaster Lizzie Daly told BBC Radio Wales that reducing carbon emissions was ""one of the biggest challenges of our time"". She said: ""A lot of our land in Wales is farmland, so working with people who have that land and use it to create better environmental outcomes is crucial.""We need to see bigger changes in our transport around cities, Cardiff and Swansea are doing lots to help minimise the impact of vehicle emissions and help with air quality.""If we are to meet these goals we have to get a move on.""Ms Griffiths said the global climate outlook was ""grave"", and ""as with Covid, climate change will impact us all, but the stark reality remains that our most vulnerable communities will be hit the hardest.""""Through Covid we have shown a Team Wales effort that has saved lives and protected our NHS, and I am calling on everyone to use the same spirit to build the Wales we want for our future generations.""Plaid Cymru's shadow minister, Delyth Jewell, said the party would implement a Â£6bn ""green economic stimulus"" if it gains a majority in this year's Senedd elections. She said: ""To tackle climate change we have to be ambitious. It's been two years since the Welsh Government declared a climate emergency but empty words have been followed by little action."""
537	2	While global warming has led to rising tides, it's also threatening the water supply of 3.2 billion people around the world, according to a new UN report.Runoff from glaciers provides drinking water for tens of millions of people, but record loss of glacier mass is leading to increased water scarcity. Glacier runoff is expected to max out globally by the end of the century and then decline. According to the report, the number of people living in places with insufficient water will shoot up almost 60 percent in the next 30 years.   Scroll down for video  According to a new UN report, because of climate change, the number of people living in places with insufficient water will go from 1.9 billion to 3.2 billion by 2050The fact that the past decade has been the warmest on record bears 'a clear fingerprint' of climate change, said the World Meteorological Organization, which just released United in Science 2020, a multi-department assessment of the latest climate science data.Admitting 2020 was an 'unprecedented' year, UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres said that climate disruption was continuing unabated, with 'record heat, ice loss, wildfires, floods and droughts.''Never before has it been so clear that we need long term, inclusive, clean transitions to tackle the climate crisis and achieve sustainable development,' he said. 'We must turn the recovery from the pandemic into a real opportunity to build a better future.' Glacier runoff, which provides water to hundreds of millions of people, is expected to max out globally by the end of the century. Some glaciers have reported losing 14 inches of mass a year since 2012The United in Science report indicated that climate change 'is often felt through water-related hazards, like drought or flooding.'Warmer temperatures have led to reductions in the world's glaciers and ice sheets, which threatens the supply of fresh water.More glacier mass was lost between 2016 and 2019 than in any other five-year period since 1950.In the Himalayas alone, discovered glaciers have been losing 14 inches of mass every year since 2012, reports the Greater Kashmir.Glacier runoff, which provides potable drinking water, is expected to peak globally by the end of the century and then decline. Some areas, like Central Europe and the Caucasus region, are already at the tipping point.In the last decade, 1.9 billion people lived in places with insufficient water.According to the report, that number will explode to 3.2 billion by 2050.Water scarcity is becoming an increasingly important metric in determining a country's creditworthiness, or sovereign rating, according to analysts.That's putting more pressure on countries to face up to climate change.'While disruptions from climate change are likely to manifest themselves only gradually over the coming decades, water risks already materialize on a sufficiently regular basis and large scale,' said Fitch Ratings analysts' Mahmoud Harb and Kathleen Chen.'The relevance of water risks for sovereign rating is set to rise.'According to the World Bank, some countries' gross domestic product could drop as much as 6 percent over the next 30 years as a result of water woes.Middle Eastern nations like Kuwait and Egypt are the most exposed to water stress and drought risk, Bloomberg reports.On the other side of the scale, climate change is also fueling flooding.According to data from the United Nations' Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, sea levels will rise by more than three feet in the next eight decades.Some 1.2 billion people are currently at risk of flooding, a population that will soar to 1.6 billion by 2050.
410	4	"Watch: PM Jacinda Ardern explains why $150 million is being ring-fenced for the Pacific.  Credits: NewshubThe Prime Minister is committing $150 million from New Zealand's $300 million global climate finance commitment to the Pacific. Jacinda Ardern made the announcement in Tuvalu, a remote group of atolls halfway between Hawaii and New Zealand, which is hosting this year's Pacific Islands Forum. Ardern said $150 million has been ring-fenced ""exclusively for the benefit of the Pacific"" to help fund projects such as climate hazard mapping and risk planning. ""Pacific people have made it clear they want to stay where they are and defend their homes and livelihoods against climate change, and we will support them in this.""The $150 million boost is part of the $300 million, over four years, global climate finance commitment Ardern announced in New York in September last year. That $300 million investment was made from New Zealand's Overseas Development Assistance, which was increased by nearly 30 percent, NZ$714 million, in Budget 2018 to support the Pacific Reset. ""$150 million of that will go towards bilateral projects in the Pacific and the majority as a whole will go towards supporting climate action in the Pacific,"" Ardern said in Tuvalu. ""A good example is Tokelau: we've been doing work on coastal hazards and the Marshall Islands we've been funding work there around some of the impacts on energy.""Ardern said $5.6 million will go to Tuvalu-specific climate resilience projects, the first of which will be a water storage facility on the island of Vaitupu, along with renewable energy and drought modelling support.It will also fund projects to get rid of invasive species that threaten food security. Ardern said this will boost the resilience of crops vulnerable to increasingly unpredictable weather driven by climate change. Ardern said she has been speaking to Pacific leaders and asking them their needs, and they have responded saying they don't have enough information around the impacts of climate change as it affects them directly. ""A little bit of support there will help them make policy decisions,"" Ardern said. ""Here is a pot of funding available that can be used to support the projects that might come out of that work.""The Prime Minister touched down in Tuvalu on Wednesday and already Australia and Fiji had been squaring up over Australia's climate change stance and reliance on coal.""I appeal to Australia to do everything possible to achieve a rapid transition from coal to energy sources that do not contribute to climate change,"" Fiji's Prime Minister Frank Bainimarama said. Australia did not want a phasing out of coal to make it into the Pacific Island Forum's communique, the official statement that concludes the meeting.Ardern said she would like to think New Zealand's legislation, such as the Zero Carbon Bill going through Parliament, shows its ""aspiration is to keep warning below 1.5degC"". ""That is a strong message to the Pacific that we support them... That's the same approach I'll take here at the Pacific Islands Forum.""New Zealand is still granting coal exploration permits, however, as Newshub revealed in June. An exploration permit for coal was granted to BT Mining Ltd in September. Ardern said New Zealand needs to be ""answerable for our own policies in these forums, in the same way every country around the table needs to be answerable"". She added: ""Leaders are sitting face-to-face talking about the issues that matter most to them and climate will be the dominant feature.""But there will be other issues: the issue of nuclear waste is significant for the Marshall Islands."""
695	5	"Watch: Tens of thousands of people attended the recent climate change marches. Credits: Image: Chlöe Swarbrick / Facebook; Video: SuppliedChlöe Swarbrick writing for The SpinoffThe political status quo is unfit to confront the climate crisis. We need more of those who will take to the street for what they believe in, rather than sniffing out snide put-downs from air-conditioned television studios, writes New Zealand's youngest parliamentarian.OPINION: A large contingent of Pasifika south Auckland students led tens of thousands of New Zealanders flooding Queen Street. Hand-made signs declaring a climate emergency shared the four lanes with a life-sized plush squid, tentacles strewn across half a dozen activists. Tangata whenua reminded all that indigenous sovereignty is climate justice, unfurling a gigantic Protect Ihumātao sign.Small children were pushed in wheelchairs and sat on parents' shoulders. Older kids brandished megaphones and ushered calm order to the masses in bright orange vests. Older people waved signage demanding better from their supposed leaders. Memes ridiculed the indifference of politicians.By organisers' estimates, 80,000 Aucklanders, as part of 170,000 New Zealanders nationwide, joined #FridaysForFuture and #SchoolStrikeForClimate. While this absolutely is what democracy looks like, it's a far cry from the current state of our representative politics.That same Friday morning, politicians from both sides of the aisle dismissed young climate activists, saying they were wasting their youth or should 'grow out' of it.As the youngest member of our Parliament, I'm familiar with such explicitly patronising language. I've found that sentiments like ""grow up"" are typically synonymous with ""give up"" - a passive-aggressive, coded articulation that you're making others uncomfortable with your earnest ideas that we could possibly hope to create a better world.I couldn't care less about the personal jabs. Nor do the facts care about my feelings. If you don't like or trust or want to listen to me, or to the millions of citizens demanding better, listen to the science.Ninety-seven percent of scientists are in strong agreement that humans have sped up global warming, to the point that we now risk not only our species' survival, but biodiversity and the world as we know it. The climate emergency is confronting us either by design or systemic neglect. We created this mess.Politicians across the world have their hands on the wheel of a car that they are driving directly into a forest fire. They can see the fire. They have been, and are being, constantly warned about it as they drive. The heat and smoke is starting to make some of the car passengers uncomfortable, sick and coughing.Politicians have their hands on the wheel and their feet at the pedals. They can slow the car. They can stop it. They can choose a different path: one that doesn't lead to destruction of the car, its passengers - ultimately of civilisation as a whole.It just so happens politicians are among the least trusted professionals on planet Earth. This state of affairs offers a perverse feedback loop; those who are most disgusted at their actions, those who feel the least represented and least heard, are among the first to turn off. This narrows the field of available voters, as people who have become disenchanted and disenfranchised are far harder to reach and turn out, a shallower pool emerges. When people feel deeply unrepresented, they're less likely to engage, and therefore the chance things might change descends into an ever downward spiral.Fear and anger almost always turn up to the ballot box, but they don't regularly manifest in solutions. They're intentionally targeted by self-styled strongmen who conjure up scapegoats and divisiveness.New Zealand has been privy to its fair share of attempted polarisation recently. An unignorable 48 percent of our country's emissions coming from agriculture, which evidently must reduce if we are to do our bit to help keep global warming within 1.5 degrees. That is a fact. It is also a fact that thousands of New Zealanders work on the farms and in the industry that, unfortunately, produces these emissions. These people are important, and they - like all of us - deserve a warm, dry home, meaningful work, a sense of identity and strong community ties.Some politicians have sought to sever those two crucial components for their own gain. They don't talk about helping our farmers transition, but speak in divisive, binary, fanciful rhetoric You can only have one, they assert: a liveable climate or regional development. They ignore the reality that farmers are already being hit with climate breakdown in ever-less predictable seasonality and increasing international standards on carbon transparency.And still, those politicians will do their best to divide us, and they will tell those who will listen that the young people and those who stood in solidarity with them to demand urgent climate action aren't trying to ensure we're all better off; these politicians will say these activists are trying to hurt you. The tactics are Trumpian: diminish trust in everyone and every source but those that reinforce your world view.More than 150,000 New Zealanders marched in the streets calling for stronger climate action, but with two and a half weeks until the Zero Carbon Bill is reported back to parliament, it remains unclear if the National Party will support it. That cross-party support is seen as critical to the long term stability of the legislation and the independent Climate Commission. That cross-party support helped in the UK's Climate Change Act 2008, on which the Zero Carbon Bill is based.At least one senior National Party former minister - that's Judith Collins - has publicly stated she will not support it. Both Simon Bridges and the party's former climate change spokesperson, Todd Muller, say they couldn't offer caucus votes unless the already controversially split-target for methane drops even lower than its present 24 percent-47 percent reduction by 2050 range.To spell it out, in practice this means that our defining piece of climate action legislation - one which 170,000 Kiwis just this last Friday demanded be made stronger and delivered faster - risks passing with only the Government majority of 64 votes to 56 votes. That vote is less than three weeks out.I can't stress it enough: this is a law that - at present - a massive number of New Zealanders do not see as bold or progressive enough to the extent that they were willing to put their bodies, their education and in some places their jobs on the line.Status quo politics cannot solve climate breakdown. It created it.Through generations of lobbying, unequal access, donations and manipulation, the political system has grown into a monolith bred to protect and conserve the way things are.So-called leaders dismiss young people terrified for their future on the basis of their age. They dismiss scientists for sounding the alarm about the urgency of action required. Nothing, it would seem, will sink in except reinforcement of cognitive biases. These politicians arm themselves with a deeply entrenched ideology, something they accuse everyone else of having.There were five demands from the New Zealand School Strike, and the Greens are the only party even close to agreeing with every single one. We are eight MPs of 120 in Parliament, and while we've leveraged the hell out of our size to achieve more climate change action in this term of Government than the last 30 years, we'll be the first to say we want to go further, faster. We can only do that with greater numbers.Regardless of whether you choose to engage in politics, the decisions it produces govern your life. If you drink water, breathe air and value a roof over your head at night, it's important to remember that the accessibility, quality and affordability of all of those things is inherently political. If you don't trust your politicians, find somebody who you do trust, and support them in running.We've still got so much more to do, but we will only achieve it with our hands on the wheel.We need representatives in positions of power who are there not to hold up the marble walls, but to knock them down. I'm heartened by the reminder that if I - a highschool drop-out with tattoos and a potty mouth - can somehow wind up in Parliament, anybody can. And we need more anybodys; the kind who will take to the street for what they believe in, instead of offering snide put-downs from the comfort of an air-conditioned television studio.The sentiment lives in the chant that bellowed across Queen Street last week: ""We are not drowning! We are fighting!""Take the fight to election 2020. I agree climate action should not be partisan. But the reality is stark: a number of political parties do not as it stands want to make the sufficient steps to deal with it. If you marched on Friday, you already know that.Chlöe Swarbrick is a Green Party MP."
69	0	Six experts explain how to recognize the many new faces of grief during a pandemic.As of this writing, the coronavirus pandemic has killed more than 50,000 people in the United States and more than 200,000 people worldwide. These deaths’ inevitable companion is grief, but the turmoil of the pandemic is altering and interrupting the normal course of mourning. People are experiencing many different kinds of loss simultaneously—some of them unique to or changed by this moment in history.Because of the risk of viral transmission, many people are dying apart from their loved ones, and many others are mourning apart from theirs. Meanwhile, those who haven’t lost someone personally are surrounded by daily reminders of death, and are mourning their lost routines, jobs, and plans for the future, all while fearing for their health and that of their friends and family.“I think that this situation is very, very difficult for people,” says George Bonanno, a researcher who studies grief. “But by the same token, people will get through it, probably the same way that people have gotten through other kinds of losses. They’ll just need to be a little more creative about it.” Based on decades of research, Bonanno calls grief a “natural adaptive reaction”—a painful but necessary mental recalibration to accommodate a new absence.Bonanno was one of half a dozen experts I consulted in an attempt to catalog how mourning is changing in the coronavirus era. These six, whose fields span academic research and clinical psychology, were not in conversation with one another, but they addressed many of the same themes. Their comments below have been edited for length and clarity.The pandemic has made the usual gatherings that follow a death dangerous, depriving mourners of a traditional funeral as well as the comfort of friends’ and loved ones’ physical presence.Megan Devine, a psychotherapist and the author of It’s OK That You’re Not OK: Meeting Grief and Loss in a Culture That Doesn’t Understand: Grief can be a really isolating experience, and that has been very much magnified during the pandemic. The things we do to support people who are grieving—coming over to someone’s house with a casserole, attending a wake—are not options in the way that we usually think of them. On top of that, everybody is struggling with their own stuff, so the available emotional bandwidth is very much reduced.George Bonanno, a clinical-psychology professor at Columbia University’s Teachers College and the author of The Other Side of Sadness: What the New Science of Bereavement Tells Us About Life After Loss: Cultures all over the world have these rituals where people take care of a bereaved person, and one thing these rituals do is connect the people who are present—the person they’re mourning may be gone, but they see that others are still here. People who come to your wedding are in your life forever, in a strange way, and it’s sort of the same thing with funerals. These people came together around a death in your life, which is really a powerful thing. That’s the way it works normally.Ramtin Arablouei: The coronavirus is stealing our ability to grieveJoshua Coleman, a psychologist and a senior fellow at the nonpartisan Council on Contemporary Families: Humans are wired to reassure and to comfort. In my practice, I’ve seen that it is not only distressing to be deprived of receiving comfort, but similarly to be deprived of the ability to provide comfort. Not being able to directly comfort loved ones who are grieving right now is also painful.Kami Fletcher, a history professor at Albright College and the president of the Collective for Radical Death Studies: One of the things about mourning and grief in African American communities is that we’ve been stereotyped so many times in life, but in death we are able to have our humanity: You have people in the community who are able to show who this person was by getting up at the podium to talk about someone or playing a slideshow of their life. The fact that we cannot gather and grieve is a really big blow.Unable to be physically together, many people have conducted memorial services on group video calls. Virtual funerals are not inherently worse than in-person events—but they are very different.Bonanno: When we gather to mourn, we tell stories about the person who died and make little speeches about them, which helps build an image of the person that you take with you: They may be gone, but this is who they were. I think people have to do their best to find ways to do that while apart. You can create Facebook pages or email people or send letters and ask people if they have stories to share. I’ve participated in a few of those kinds of things with friends of mine who have lost loved ones, and I think they’re quite powerful. Not everyone is as comfortable doing that as [they would be doing] a memorial service, but that’s what we have right now.Devine: One thing I’ve heard from people recently is that the virtual funeral—or memorial, or wake, or shiva—was more moving to them than an in-person one. In-person funerals are familiar: You dress up, you go, you pay respects, you do the receiving line, and then everybody gathers for food afterward. Having to come together in a virtual space is new, and that act of novelty can break us out of things and make us feel and connect in different ways, though certainly that’s not true for everybody.Read: Notes from a videochat memorialThe thing to remember is that there’s no time limit on when you could hold an in-person funeral. You can do that at a later date, so a virtual service doesn’t have to be a flat-out replacement. There are some really creative ways to plan a virtual service. Maybe you could send out a recipe that the person used to make and have everybody make it so that you can all join in a meal together.Because of the risk of viral transmission, many people whose loved ones die in the hospital are unable to be with them in their final days. Those people lose an opportunity for last words and closure.Bonanno: When we lose a loved one, we struggle a lot more if we imagine them in pain at the end of their lives. It’s harder to grieve those kinds of losses, because you picture your loved one suffering, and in the case of a death in a hospital, there’s a sense of fear and loneliness that you can imagine them having experienced.Devine: Not being at your person’s bedside at the end of their life adds extra layers of suffering. It might add guilt: Even though you weren’t allowed to be there, there’s a sense that you should have been anyway, or that you should have realized that they were sick sooner. There’s also a lot of survivor’s guilt around the coronavirus because the virus is transmitted by close contact—someone might think, I just saw my dad three weeks ago. Maybe I gave this to him. That survivor’s guilt is uncomfortable, and adds extra layers of suffering on top of grief itself, but it’s very normal.Pauline Boss, a professor emeritus of family social science at the University of Minnesota and the author of Ambiguous Loss: Learning to Live With Unresolved Grief: When people don’t have a body to bury, it’s quite natural for them to hope that the person who died is still alive somewhere. As human beings, we need to see the body of our loved one, to have remains, in order to know that our loved one has been transformed into another state. That’s missing now for many people because the body is whisked away and they don’t get to see it for a certain amount of time. So even many clear-cut losses have become ambiguous—unclear and lacking resolution.Death is more present than it usually is in daily life—people are surrounded by reminders of it in the news, in stories from friends and loved ones, and in the sirens of ambulances. Devine: When I hear a siren go by, my habit—and it has been for years—is to wish them luck. Right now, we can’t get away from the overwhelming volume of loss, and that’s forcing us to really let in how fragile life is and how easily that siren could be for us or someone we care about. To deal with that, it might help to come up with a ritual, a habit, that you do after you hear a siren or read a news story.One of the things that’s happened during the pandemic is we don’t have the usual protections that keep the idea of death at a distance. Often, we say things to ourselves like, I always wear my seatbelt—or I do X, Y, and Z—so I don’t have to think about that too much. But right now, we can’t say, Oh, that would never happen to me. With this virus, it’s so uncertain—being outside can kill you. So there’s grief, yes, and there’s also a lot of anxiety mixed in with that.Boss: I think it's triggering anxiety about our own mortality. I mean, why wouldn’t it? We’re all in danger. Science is coming, but it isn’t ahead of the game yet, and there are conflicting messages from leaders about what to do and what not to do. The anxiety we’re all feeling right now is collective and understandable.Carmen Inoa Vazquez, a clinical psychologist and a co-author of Grief Therapy With Latinos: Right now, a lot of people are experiencing a sense of communal grief—they may feel like this could happen to any one of us, and they may know people who have died. Some people who have lost loved ones in the past will tell you that eventually—and the amount of time varies—they started to take a different approach to life and find meaning in the loss and in their future. So during and after the pandemic, maybe people will try to pay more attention to their unfulfilled wishes, or have conversations with loved ones that they may not usually have and affirm their love for those people. In this way, the pandemic can bring unity and connection, and help us deal with our mortality.On top of its death toll, the pandemic has also stripped away many aspects of life that give it joy and meaning—canceling graduation ceremonies, causing layoffs, unraveling visions of the future. These losses are more abstract than deaths, but grieving them is no less valid.Boss: The loss of having answers to questions, the loss of a routine, the loss of freedom to go out and do what we please, the loss of being able to hug our loved ones and be with our friends—those are all major losses, and they have to do with the relationship between ourselves and the changing world. These losses are not the ones we have sympathy cards or rituals to deal with, and grief for these losses often gets stuck because there are no supports for it. When nobody notices or acknowledges it, that makes it so much harder for the people who are experiencing it. What we need to do now is name these losses. You can’t cope with something until you have a name for it.Read: On top of everything else, my dog diedBonanno: One former student of mine showed that you can actually have a grief reaction for anything that’s really a part of your identity. And people are losing their identities right now: Someone opened a bookstore a couple months ago and now the bookstore is going to go under. That was their dream, and it’s gone. All the seniors graduating from college, they’re not going to have a ceremony, and they’re finishing online classes. People can grieve for that. If they feel grief, they should let themselves feel it.Devine: The people who are wrestling with grief because they lost their job—that’s a very valid loss, and it deserves to be honored and acknowledged, just as we should acknowledge the grief of somebody whose sibling died of the virus. Those losses are not the same, but they are equally valid. And that’s a really important distinction: If we say something like, “My 30-year-old sister died of the virus and that’s way worse than your 97-year-old father dying of the virus, because at least he got to live to 97,” that’s a competition for compassion—that’s treating compassion as a scarce resource. But really all loss is valid, all grief is valid. Every loss should be heard and acknowledged, because it’s important to the person experiencing it.Inoa Vazquez: If you lose a loved one, these other losses can make the grieving process much harder. For instance, if someone in your household is having financial issues right now and they are grieving over a death as well, they might be less resilient and empathic. Sometimes families that come to my practice are in different places with their grief: Somebody might think that you should not dismantle Mom’s bedroom; some people think you should wait X amount of time after the death to dress in a certain way. Now, during the pandemic, people are very stressed, which could result in people having less patience, less understanding, less self-control when they’re dealing with a loss together. And if a family loses a financial provider right now, that could add even more stress and again complicate the normal resolution of their grief.One grim pattern that has emerged from the early data on deaths from COVID-19 in the United States is that black and Hispanic Americans appear to be more likely than white Americans to die from it. Grief in each of those communities carries unique and specific resonances. Fletcher: This is definitely shining a light on these systemic inadequacies of being medically underserved, which is an added layer of grief. In the black community, we’ve always had to depend on ourselves—the government doesn’t necessarily see us as folks who need immediate help in the way that they see white America. As a result, the things that will help us cope and memorialize now are things that we’ve already put in place. For example, part of my research is on RIP T-shirts. They’re a memorial that anybody can access, and black Americans with those T-shirts are tying deaths to systematic oppression and refusing to be silent.Read: The pandemic will cleave America in twoInoa Vazquez: This situation can intensify the grieving experience for many people who are immigrants. The immigration experience brings a lot of losses, and in moments of grief, in moments like this, these losses can be reignited and brought to the surface. You lose your culture, you lose those connections that you had, and you have to readjust. The Latino population has lost a lot of people to the virus, and those previous experiences can delay the process of finding closure.During the pandemic, health-care workers will experience more deaths firsthand than perhaps any other segment of society. Their grief will be destabilizing and overwhelming. Devine: What I’m hearing from health-care providers is that this is brutal. They’re seeing people die not only without their friends and family, but sometimes in great distress because of the nature of this disease. Under normal circumstances, these workers know how to make the end-of-life process more gentle both for the person dying and for their friends and family, and yet right now they’re not allowed to do those things or don’t have the resources to do them. So they’re heartbroken.They also have the added challenge of making decisions about separating themselves from their own friends and family to keep those people safe. We’re asking people to go into these very challenging situations at work, but without having any off switch at home at the end of the day. In normal times, palliative-care, hospice, and ER teams can go home to a sense of normalcy and lean on their loved ones after a long day. They can’t do that right now, which means they’re having to lean on each other, and they only have so much emotional bandwidth to do that.When someone dies of COVID-19, their death occurs against the backdrop of a historic event, instead of being a self-contained story all its own. That fact could shape the grieving process. Bonanno: I did research about 9/11, and one way a national tragedy makes grieving even harder is there’s so much pain right now. There’s this amplified sadness. But I think in the long run, it may actually be—helpful is not the right word—but it may give people something to hold on to in a strange way. After 9/11, I interviewed a lot of people who were in the towers but got out and survived. Some of them were traumatized by it, but there was a sense that you had this story that you could tell people and they immediately knew some of what you went through without knowing your particular story. People reference your story to this historical event, and this might help you reach a shared understanding.Fletcher: There’s a concern that the experiences of people of color, folks from marginalized communities, will get swallowed up in this grander narrative of the pandemic, with a homogenous story about the large group of people who are dying of COVID-19. There may even be acknowledgments that people with certain diseases died at higher rates. But I’m worried that the racial patterns will get overlooked, and that there will be a real throwing-away of the black community as the story of the pandemic is recorded and remembered.Devine: I’ve heard that after 9/11, many people felt that their personal losses were overshadowed by the national disaster, and this is something we’re seeing right now, in a way. People who are losing people to non-virus-related causes are sort of being erased because the spotlight is on this other thing.Boss: In a way, it might be easier on the families left behind if they know that their loved one left because of such a great power outside of their control, and that others shared in the same kind of loss. They’re not alone, and it’s pretty clear to them that they’re not alone.
972	5	"The world will heat by more than 1.5C unless nations produce tougher policies, a global stocktake has confirmed.Governments must halve emissions by 2030 if they intend the Earth to stay within the 1.5C âsafeâ threshold. But the latest set of national policies submitted to the UN shows emissions will merely be stabilised by 2030.The UN Secretary-General, AntÃ³nio Guterres, called it a red alert for our planet.  He said: ""It shows governments are nowhere close to the level of ambition needed to limit climate change to 1.5 degrees and meet the goals of the Paris (Climate) Agreement.   ""The major emitters must step up with much more ambitious emissions reductions targets.""Dr Niklas Hohne from the New Climate Institute told BBC News: ""There is a huge gap to fill if we are serious about 1.5C (the threshold nations have agreed not to pass).""Global emissions have to be halved â but with current proposals they will only be stable. Thatâs really not good enough.""Some nations have not even submitted a climate plan, and some â such as Australia â are judged to have offered no substantial improvement on previous proposals. Emissions from those countries doing little or nothing extra comprise 10-15% of global emissions. Mexico and Brazil have attracted criticism for not doing more. There are some positive signs, though. The EU, for instance, made the biggest jump from a target of a 40% cut to a 55% cut, based on 1990 levels.""The target could have been more, but itâs a good step in the right direction,"" Dr Hohne said. He also applauded Nepal, Argentina and the UK, which aims to reduce emissions by 68% by the target date of 2030, based on 1990 levels.He held up the UK's governance of climate policy as an example to the rest of the world. Britain has a Climate Change Act which sets ambitions into law, overseen by an independent body.The UK plans to be producing virtually no emissions by 2050 â the so-called Net Zero target. âIt's a robust system that helps give longer term certainty,"" Dr Hohne said. ""It sends a strong signal to investors.""The emissions proposals, known as Nationally Determined Contributions (NDCs), reveal a productive rivalry between Japan and China over Net Zero. Initially, Japan had no mid-century target. Then China proposed Net Zero by 2060, and Japan was stung into a counter-bid of Net Zero by 2050. China's proposal is yet to be formally confirmed to the UN. The US has promised an ambitious submission under President Biden. And India â which long maintained that its poverty should exempt it from emissions cuts â is said to be pondering a target.Contradictory priorities There is a difference, though, between what governments say and what they do. And many nations have tensions between contradictory priorities. Germany, for instance, is a member of the Powering Past Coal international alliance. Yet last year it opened a new coal-fired plant. The UK is founder of that alliance but currently is permitting a new coal mine to be dug in the face of scientific and international criticism.It's also building a high-speed rail link that won't be carbon neutral until the back end of the century, and it has a Â£27bn roads programme.The UK is also slipping away from the strict targets imposed by its climate advisors. Yet on the other hand, the UK is cutting out coal from power generation, investing heavily in renewables and mandating that no more petrol or diesel cars should be sold after 2030.  Mr Guterres said: ""Decision-makers must walk the talk. Long-term commitments must be matched by immediate actions to launch the decade of transformation that people and planet so desperately need.""Aubrey Webson, chairman of the Association of Small Island States, said: ""We applaud the countries that have announced 2050 Net Zero pledges.""But without credible 2030 pathways in their updated climate plans, those mid-century pledges are largely meaningless. This report confirms the shocking lack of urgency, and genuine action.""Dr Hohne added: ""There is a gap between nations' stated plans and what's needed. There's also a gap between their pledges and their policies to deliver on those pledges. There is progress. It's slow, slow, slow. But it is progress."""
906	0	A lawyer defending a man charged with rape has been thrown off the case after being accused of sending the complainant personal messages on social media. Paul Francis Chambers denies the allegations and says he has been caught up in a “web of fabricated documents” designed to have him removed from the case. In November 2019, Chambers, who is best known for defending serial rapist and murderer Malcolm Rewa, was representing a man charged with sexual violation, male assaults female, burglary and perverting the course of justice. In a decision from the same month, released to Stuff, Judge David Sharp said he had no way of verifying if the messages were from Chambers but that Chambers’ position as counsel in the case was “untenable”, and he should find his client a new lawyer. READ MORE: * Serial rapist Malcolm Rewa's appeal against Burdett murder conviction adjourned  * Serial rapist Malcolm Rewa to appeal conviction of Susan Burdett's murder * Malcolm Rewa trial: Susan Burdett's family gets justice as serial rapist found guilty of murder  “Mr Chambers’ position was that he was subject to a police investigation for attempting to pervert the course of justice and that he saw this as an attempt by the police and the prosecution as a means of having him removed as the defendant’s counsel,” Judge Sharp said. “I have suggested to the Crown that this needs to be investigated and the body which would seem appropriate for that would be the Law Society.” The messages Chambers purportedly sent to the complainant were attached to the complainant’s sworn police statement and have been seen by Stuff. In April 2019, a Facebook Messenger account in the name of PF Chambers, with a profile picture showing a caricature of a lawyer in a wig, messaged the woman asking: “Can I come see you? Strictly confidential.” The woman agreed, and the person operating the PF Chambers account asked: “Do you want me to bring anything?” She responded with “haha” before PF Chambers replied: “I’m serious. You need someone to help you. You need to be able to trust someone. I’ll do both. I’ll come see you tonight and explain if you want.” Two days later more messages were exchanged. This time, PF Chambers wrote: “I might have a way to help you, trust me … I can give you something on me that could ruin me ... ” Sometime later, PF Chambers responded to a message from the woman, saying: “… I know you’ve got trust issues, and I’ve got a thick skin. The reason why I’m doing this is because I was in your shoes once and had no-one. I took a huge risk contacting you ...”  Chambers told Stuff he did not send the messages. He said they were part of a “web of fabricated documents” created by the complainant to have him removed from the case. “At the risk of pushing the boundaries of what I’m allowed to say as former counsel, the evidence before the court [of the rape accused and the complainant] has them both accusing each other of doctoring Facebook and ... Instagram postings to back-up the accusations that they’re making against each other.” Asked if he was still practising law in New Zealand, Chambers said he was “going through some difficulties” with the Law Society, which regulates lawyers. He has since moved to Perth. The Law Society couldn’t confirm if it had received a complaint about Chambers. A spokeswoman said legislation prevented it from commenting on complaints or investigations it may be working on. She confirmed Chambers was no longer a registered lawyer in New Zealand, but said she could not give details on the reasons due to privacy.  Police would not confirm if it was investigating, due to “privacy reasons”. The Facebook messages came to light after police approached the complainant about a message sent to the man accused of raping her. The message purported to be from her Facebook account and says she will “just keep making s… up.” It ends with the words: “I am going to kill you.” The woman denied sending the message. She said the man who attacked her had repeatedly threatened to kill her and bury her in the Woodhill forest, north-west of Auckland. She claimed he hacked into her Facebook account to send the message to himself and that he had hacked her account before. The woman declined to comment to Stuff.  A lawyer by the name of Paul Allan Chambers works for the firm Anderson Creagh Lai. He is completely unconnected to this story.
6	5	"The smokestack industries are under a thick cloud. Picture / Greg BowkerThe ink is barely dry on New Zealand's ratification of the Paris Agreement to combat climate change and already the questions are mounting. Under this agreement, governments have pledged to limit global warming to ""well-below"" 2 degrees above pre-industrial levels and to ""pursue efforts to limit the temperature increase to 1.5 degrees""All the models suggest that globally if we were to continue on a business-as-usual pathway then the world would warm by 4degrees over the next 100 years. Domestic policies and actions now must become the focus. What does this mean for New Zealand?For Labour, it is critical that we have an integrated across government plan to reduce emissions.Working parties, technical advisory panels and forums are good starting places but cannot be the finish line. We need an agency who has a statutory mandate to look across transport, primary industries, energy and buildings and put together a carbon budget and critically monitor our progress against those that budget.If we are to reach our targets then we must accept that there is a relatively fixed amount of carbon that can be emitted and we have to work within that budget. Our policy at the last election was to have an independent Climate Commission, based on the UK model, and I remain convinced that this is critical to us reducing our emissions.It is also critical that we think carefully about how local government fits into these plans. Cities, led by Michael Bloomberg, proved themselves to be powerful players at the Paris Conference and we are well placed to seriously consider the planning, transport, infrastructure and building functions of our councils in putting together carbon budgets in New Zealand.We must confront the issue of our agricultural emissions as a matter of urgency. At the moment half of all our emissions sits outside of our emissions trading scheme.This was never the plan when the scheme was designed but sectoral politics has seen the National government make others pay for increasing agricultural pollution. In effect this means all other industries in New Zealand are subsidising agriculture.This cannot continue. There are smart ways we can transition agriculture into the scheme. We can look at the different agricultural gases and asses their relative impacts. We also have to look at what carrots can be offered as well as what sticks will be wielded.Given that ETS obligations sit at the processor level how then can we reward good sustainable farming? This is not about punitive reparations  but is about forward planning on future land use decisions.Reducing our emissions offers New Zealand exciting opportunities in transitioning our economy. High value low-carbon industries and business will benefit everyone. Nowhere could this be more valuable than in our regions.Government has to actively leading the planning work around what replaces high-carbon industries in some of regions. If we simply sit back and watch we will witness communities and individuals left stranded in the transition to a low-carbon economy. Ensuring that this does not happen is core business for Labour. It is why transition planning with proper skills training is central to our Future of Work project.Targets and talk is not enough. Now we need a concerted plan of action. This month  for the first time we had carbon dioxide levels  permanently above the 400  parts per million level. This was a symbolic milestone that meant we are rapidly running out of time.The first step for New Zealand must be an independent Climate Commission. It can't be easily dismissed as Minister Paula Bennett has done, by saying a combination of the status quo will do. We need to do better.Wigram MP Dr Megan Woods is Labour's spokesperson for Climate Change Issues."
660	4	Want climate news in your inbox? Sign up here for Climate Fwd:, our email newsletter.A record number of Americans understand that climate change is real, according to a new survey, and they are increasingly worried about its effects in their lives today.Some 73 percent of Americans polled late last year said that global warming was happening, the report found, a jump of 10 percentage points from 2015 and three points since last March. The rise in the number of Americans who say global warming is personally important to them was even sharper, jumping nine percentage points since March to 72 percent, another record over the past decade.The survey is the latest in a series from the Yale Program on Climate Change Communication and the George Mason University Center for Climate Change Communication. It was conducted online in November and December by Ipsos, which polled 1,114 American adults.The results suggest that climate change has moved out of the realm of the hypothetical for a wide majority of Americans, said Anthony Leiserowitz, director of the Yale program.“It is something that is activating an emotion in people, and that emotion is worry,” he said. The survey found that 69 percent of Americans were “worried” about warming, an eight-point increase since March.“People are beginning to understand that climate change is here in the United States, here in my state, in my community, affecting the people and places I care about, and now,” Dr. Leiserowitz said. “This isn’t happening in 50 years, 100 years from now.”Asked whether people in the United States were being harmed by global warming “right now,” 48 percent of the respondents agreed, an increase of nine percentage points since March. And 49 percent said they believed they would be personally harmed by global warming, a seven-point jump over the same period.While public opinion on climate issues has fluctuated over the years, many of the recent changes were large enough to fall outside the margin of error of plus or minus three percentage points. “I’ve never seen jumps in some of the key indicators like this,” Dr. Leiserowitz said.Americans’ growing understanding of global warming is part of a long-term trend, he said. But he attributed the recent increases to a number of extreme weather events with plausible connections to a warming planet, and to the publicity that surrounded two major scientific reports on climate change last year.Those reports, from the United Nations’ scientific panel on climate change and the United States government, laid out grim prospects for the future if action is not taken to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases that warm the planet.The changes in public opinion over the last year were also tied to politics, Dr. Leiserowitz said, and to the efforts of President Trump to deny the scientific evidence of climate change.“Every time he talks about climate change he drives more media attention to the exact issue,” Dr. Leiserowitz said.Political party affiliation is strongly associated with acceptance of the overwhelming scientific consensus on global warming, with Democrats tending to accept it and Republicans tending to reject it. But Mr. Trump’s approach to politics is so divisive, Dr. Leiserowitz said, that when he takes a strong stand on climate change and other issues, “he tends to drive a majority of the country in the opposite direction.”In the poll, a record 62 percent of respondents understood that humans are the main cause of climate change, a four-point rise since March; those attributing it mostly to natural causes were at a record-low 23 percent, a drop of five points over the same period.About two-thirds of those surveyed believed global warming was affecting weather in the United States, with about half saying that warming made last year’s wildfires in the West and Hurricanes Florence and Michael worse. The realm of attribution science — which studies how climate change influences individual weather events — is still evolving, but it has been well established that warming can make wildfires more frequent and hurricanes more destructive.Disasters like these have brought once-abstract concepts home, said Katharine Hayhoe, a climate scientist at Texas Tech University who was not involved in the survey. “Today, nearly everyone can point to a way that they are personally witnessing and are being personally affected by the impacts of a changing climate in the places where they live,” she said.Global warming and its effects are increasingly part of the national discussion, said Sunshine Menezes, an expert in climate communication at the University of Rhode Island and executive director of the Metcalf Institute for Marine and Environmental Reporting.She noted that 41 percent of respondents in the poll said they talked about global warming with family and friends “often” or “occasionally,” and 56 percent said they heard about the topic in the news media at least once a month, a 13 percent increase since 2015. “It’s becoming harder and harder to avoid conversations about climate change,” she said.Though it is impossible to attribute shifts in public opinion like this to any one factor, Dr. Menezes said, “I’m just thrilled that it’s happening.”For more news on climate and the environment, follow @NYTClimate on Twitter.
666	5	"Arctic sea ice has shrunk to its second lowest extent on record, since satellite observation began, as a result of the ongoing climate crisis. Over the summer, floes withdrew to under 3.74 million sq km (1.44 million sq miles), preliminary data recorded on 15 September indicates.The only time this minimum has been beaten was in 2012 when the pack ice was reduced to 3.41 million sq km.Comparing last week’s findings to eight years ago, the National Snow and Ice Data Centre said the minimum extent this year has more ice in the Beaufort Sea, but somewhat less ice in the Laptev and East Greenland Sea regions. But it is only a tongue of sea ice drifting out into the Canadian Beaufort Sea that is keeping us from setting another record minimum, Dr Jack Landy, lecturer and research Fellow at University of Bristol, said.As autumn fast approaches, bringing with it colder weather, sea ice will now begin its seasonal increase through until winter. The annual maximum for Antarctic sea ice typically occurs in late September or early October.While it’s completely routine for Arctic floes to expand through the winter each year and then melt back again in the summer, the September lull is becoming more alarming every year as the polar north continues to be warmed by climate change.Read our full mailing list consent terms hereRead our full mailing list consent terms hereDr Twila Moon, research scientist at University of Colorado at Boulder, said it’s “devastating to see yet another Arctic summer end with so little sea ice”. She said: ""Not only is there a very small area of sea ice, but it also younger and more vulnerable overall. The Arctic is a changed place. All hope rests on humans to act on climate and slow this alarming pace of ice loss.”“Science has sadly shown that we now live in a changed world, and very low sea ice areas are one indicator. The low sea ice area affects animals that people use for food and the climate that we feel even in countries far from the Arctic. Any hope of slowing the loss of sea ice rests in people and nations all over the world taking action to counter climate change.”The drop in floes, evidenced since satellites started routinely monitoring sea ice, is about 13 per cent per decade, averaged across the month.Computer models project the summer sea ice will regularly be below 1 million sq km later this century.According to Ed Blockley, Met Office scientific manager for Polar Climate, this is yet more bad news for the climate and planet Earth. Mr Blockley said: “September 2020 is now the second time in the modern record that the extent of Arctic sea ice has dropped below 4 million sq km. This threshold has been crossed because this summer has seen several periods of very rapid sea ice loss linked, in part, to the record-breaking heatwave in Siberia. “The Arctic is one of the most vulnerable regions on Earth to climate change and warming here will have consequences both for the region and the planet as a whole.”Without extensive sea ice, the Arctic as well as the rest of the planet cannot be cooled properly. And if this downward trend continues, which scientists predict it will, more sunlight will be absorbed by the darker surface waters of the ocean, which will promote further warming and further loss of ice.Dr Moon finished by saying: “Arctic sea ice minimum is not a record we want to break, and it's heartbreaking to see us come so close again this year. The antidote is strong policy and action by citizens across the globe to reduce emissions of polluting gases.""Not only will this help to protect Arctic sea ice and the animals and people who depend on it, but also reduce future risks from all climate hazards – from flooding to drought, wildfires, and health and economic impacts of sea level rise. We must act.”"
55	3	In deserts around the world, creatures and plants are struggling as their habitats warm.Desert ecologist Cameron Barrows is a sand country cowboy. His white-brown beard and wide cotton hat deflect the brutal sun as he leads volunteers—citizen scientists—through Joshua Tree National Park. They weave past smooth orange boulders and the menacing white spines of cholla cacti, on the lookout for lizards and tortoises.Barrows’ band is sweeping 27 sites in California’s High Desert in an effort to understand how climate change impacts the populations of local reptiles, including western whiptails, desert iguanas, and chuckwallas, which are foot-long, vegetarian lizards. Long droughts—like California's current five-year episode—have been hard on creatures in the park, especially at the hottest low-elevation sites. When healthy, chuckwallas are especially “rotund,” like “a lizard that could be mistaken for Shrek,” Barrows says. But now, “they’re just not plump, chubby chuckwallas anymore.”You’d think desert creatures would love climate change. They already thrive in the hottest, driest places on earth. But Barrows sees their numbers “dwindling,” an observation that reflects a larger trend: From Southern Africa to the Southwestern U.S., arid environments are becoming even less hospitable, and their denizens—animals as well as plants—seem to be struggling to keep up.A growing body of research suggests many desert species are already pushed to their physiological limits. In California’s Mojave and Sonoran deserts, tortoises and chuckwallas are already losing habitat, which could constrict by up to 88 percent if temperatures rise by two degrees. Joshua Tree National Park could lose up to 90 percent of its eponymous trees if already-sweltering July temperatures rise by another three degrees. From Arizona to Australia, hotter, longer, and more frequent heat waves could cause massive die-offs for desert birds like hummingbirds and thornbills. And in the hot, sandy soils of South Africa and Namibia, dwarf succulents may disappear by 2069.“Life is always living on the edge in these places,” says plant scientist Andrew Young, the lead researcher on the dwarf succulent study. “Any shift could have really serious consequences, but we’re only starting to understand it now.”Young and his colleagues work in a dry region of southwestern Africa that is basically plant-lover heaven. It's called the “Succulent Karoo,” and boasts more than 5,000 plant species, including a third of all succulents. If you’ve got a split rock plant or coral aloe growing at home, chances are you’re tending a Karoo native. Out there, dwarf succulents called Conophytum or “cone plants” are resilient as they come. On first inspection, they look more like pebbles than living things. “They’re wonderful,” Young says, laughing. “Some are tiny, just a few millimeters across. Others are much bigger. There’s huge variation, and huge variability.”Since these mini succulents are so diverse, and tough as rocks (literally), scientists expected them to thrive even as temperatures rise. But when Young mapped the distributions of 159 species across 3,000 desert sites, he found that many grow on specific types of rock, like quartz, or live in narrow temperature bands. If climate patterns change as global models predict, so will these microhabitats, and the dwarf succulents will have nowhere to go. Fifty to 100 percent of their habitat could disappear in the next 50 years.Cacti and succulents as far away as Texas and Mexico could face similar risks, Young worries, because they’ve adapted to extreme environments in many of the same ways. “Most people thought these were some of the best-adapted [plants] around,” he says. “So then, what are the implications for everything else?”In California’s Joshua Tree National Park, Barrows says many critters will have to migrate to cooler, higher-elevations sites to survive, likely by the end of the decade. That could be too much to ask of slow-moving species, like some lizards, tortoises, and the Joshua trees themselves. And even quick and ubiquitous species like the side-blotched lizard may suffer. These animals are short-lived, and when a generation only lasts 14 months, a multi-year drought can be devastating. “They’re so common in most places, no one pays them much heed,” Barrows says. But “the population crashes very quickly.”Today, side-blotched lizards are almost gone from low elevation sites in Joshua Tree, but at higher, cooler, and wetter elevations, their numbers are actually increasing, Barrows says. If populations may keep moving upward as temperatures rise, eventually there will be nowhere left to run.That forecast may seem bleak, but by tracking the effects of climate change now, and its predicted impacts in the future, Barrows hopes to find oases in the desert. On his excursions into the park, he records the age and location of each reptile he finds, and plots his sightings on a series of maps. By comparing the maps over time, he can see patterns of change across the landscape, and pockets of relative stability. Those pockets are key to sustained conservation in the park, because they are the places where species will hold out, “even if climate change gets really bad,” Barrows says.  Rather than hot, dry wastes—immune to the effects of climate—deserts, as scientists like Barrows see them, are a canary in the coal mine. They’re “our first glimpse into how severe climate change might get,” Barrows says. By watching how they change, and how they don’t, perhaps we can better prepare for an uncertain future.
700	4	Twelve years is at once an eternity and right around the corner. Just ask any parent watching their kids grow up. So it hits home when a growing chorus of often young voices — from proponents of the Green New Deal to the global Youth Climate Strike — says forcefully that the world has 12 years left to avoid disastrous climate change. This is just the latest dire warning about time running out issued over the past 20 years. But this deadline is different — it’s both entirely wrong, and oh so right.The idea of a 12-year deadline arose last fall with the release of a special report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. The United Nations group of climate scientists from around the world said that if the planet’s governments want to limit global warming to 2.7 degrees Fahrenheit (1.5 degrees Celsius) above preindustrial temperatures, a mere 1 degree Fahrenheit above today’s levels, society will have to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions by about half by 2030, declining further to net zero by around midcentury. The “about” and “around” typically get dropped in translation, rendering the outcome falsely precise, especially in headlines about the report. The Guardian, for example, announced: “We have 12 years to limit climate change catastrophe, warns U.N.” Now, of course, it would be 11 years.Technically, this deadline is wrong, not least because it is much too precise. The world won’t end in 2030 if emissions don’t decline. The NASA climate scientist Kate Marvel summed it up perfectly: “Climate change isn’t a cliff we fall off, but a slope we slide down.” That’s one of the many reasons climate change is such a difficult problem. There’s no obvious stop sign, no simple red line. The reverse is also true: There won’t be a superhero ending to this movie, a point when climate change will have been “solved.” Our children and grandchildren — and theirs — will be managing the impacts of climate change for decades and centuries to come. Still, the equation is simple: fewer emissions equal a more hospitable climate. Rising average temperatures make extreme heat more likely, hurricanes and storms more intense and threaten fresh water supplies. Climate impacts have already started to hit.Halving greenhouse gas emissions by 2030 would be a tall order, to say the least. Changes to infrastructure take a long time. Cars on the road today are on average about 12 years old, and a new car sold in 2020 could still be on the road in 2040 or later. Power plants are built to stay in service much longer. There are a few coal-fired electric power plants in the United States that first began operation in the 1950s and are still producing electricity today. The inherent inertia that society is up against makes a climate action deadline of about a decade not just a sensible option, but an imperative.We need to speed up the transition to clean and efficient transportation, electricity, industry, agriculture and buildings, and also make infrastructure and human systems more resilient. Achieving this requires much more than business as usual. It demands an enormous public and private undertaking of policy commitments, investments and innovation initiatives. Ten to 12 years is close enough to focus minds and attention. It’s far enough to allow for the necessary fundamental, systemic changes to take effect. None of that guarantees success.For one, there is plenty of climate hurt already built in, regardless of how much emissions are cut this coming decade. Second, emissions reductions aiming to limit global average temperatures to 2.7 to 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit (1.5 or 2ºC) are not assured of success. Even if the world started out along a path to limit temperatures to, say, 3.6ºF, a chance remains that temperatures climb (much) higher. Some of the I.P.C.C.’s latest “2ºC pathways” go up to a 50-50 chance of exceeding that level. That’s a planetary game of chance no one should want to play, and precisely why deep decarbonization needs to go hand-in-hand with strong and equitable resilience efforts. But it’s not too late to reduce emissions — it will never be too late. It’s hard to imagine a world where we will regret having reduced emissions.Achieving big reductions in emissions in less than a dozen years requires political action now, or at least soon after the next presidential election. Whether it is the Green New Deal, fundamental green tax reform, or a combination of any of the comprehensive climate plans being proposed now — there are plenty of options that could be taken to bend the emissions trajectory toward zero both in the United States and around the world. The young people, like the Swedish teenager Greta Thunberg, speaking on behalf of millions are correct in calling for bold climate action now.With children, days might last forever, but years fly by. Something similar applies to climate policy. The current days of delay and debates can seem to drag on forever, but the next presidential election is right around the corner, and so is 2030. Concrete, realistic deadlines focus the mind and jump-start action. And jump-start we must.Gernot Wagner is a clinical associate professor at New York University and the co-author of “Climate Shock.” Constantine Samaras is an associate professor at Carnegie Mellon University, where he is director of the Center for Engineering and Resilience for Climate Adaptation.The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.
380	5	The United States has warned inaction by world powers on climate change is tantamount to a “mutual suicide pact” after countries such as China, India, and Russia expressed scepticism on the global security threat it posed.John Kerry, the US special presidential envoy for climate, told the UN Security Council on Tuesday that the Pentagon has described the climate crisis as “a threat multiplier”.“But even though climate change has been repeatedly called ‘an existential threat’, we honestly have yet as a world to respond with the urgency required,” said Kerry.He called the climate situation “indisputably a Security Council issue” after some nations said it had no place for discussion at the UN body.“In fact, it is among the most complex and compelling security issues that I think we’ve ever faced.”Failing to address climate change is “marching forward to what is almost tantamount to a mutual suicide pact”, said Kerry. “We bury our heads in the sand at our own peril. It’s urgent to treat the climate crisis as the urgent security threat that it is.”The stance by the administration of President Joe Biden comes in stark contrast to that of former US leader Donald Trump, who pulled out of the landmark 2015 Paris climate agreement and ignored climate policy during his four years in power.Experts believe the world must reach net zero carbon emissions by 2050 or sooner to ensure long-term warming is held to no more than 1.5 degrees Celsius (34.7 degrees Fahrenheit) and avoid triggering catastrophic climate tipping points.The world has already warmed 1.2C (2.2F) since the mid-19th century and the goal now is to prevent an additional 0.3C (0.5F) of warming.Russia, India and China said climate change should be tackled in other global forums, not at the UN’s main grouping on imminent world threats.Russia was particularly vocal in its opposition to the discussions.“We agree that climate change issues can exacerbate conflict. But are they really the root cause of these conflicts? There are serious doubts about this,” said Moscow’s ambassador to the UN, Vassily Nebenzia.“The connection between the climate and conflicts can be looked at with regard to only certain countries and regions, talking about this in general terms and in a global context has no justification,” he added.While Russia was committed to action against climate change, “this should be done within the framework of the mechanisms where it is dealt with by professionals”.China’s special climate envoy Xie Zhenhua acknowledged climate change was linked to insecurity but overall issued a similar line to Russia.“International climate cooperation should be advanced with the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change,” he said, in a long speech that touted China’s recent commitments, including its aim to achieve its carbon emissions peak before 2030 and achieve neutrality by 2060.India’s environment minister, Prakash Javdekar, dismissed the idea of climate change as a driver of conflict.However, the planet’s warming temperatures were deemed inextricably linked to global security by most countries, including the United Kingdom, France and Germany.British Prime Minister Boris Johnson urged fellow leaders to take immediate action on the climate crisis or face worsening global instability.“Whether you like it or not it is a matter of when, not if, your country and your people will have to deal with the security impacts of climate change,” said Johnson.“I know that there are people around the world who will say that this is … green stuff from a bunch of tree-hugging tofu munchers and not suited to international diplomacy and international politics. I couldn’t disagree more profoundly.”Johnson pointed to the 16 million people displaced by weather-related disasters each year, some becoming easy prey to armed groups, farmers losing another wheat harvest because of drought and switching to growing opium poppies, and girls forced to drop out of school to search for water becoming prey to human traffickers. He also cited the impacts of changing sea levels and wildfires.Kenya’s President Uhuru Kenyatta stressed the effect of climate and security on Africa, which he lamented “unfortunately will suffer the worst consequences of climate change despite being the least responsible for global greenhouse gases”.He said the drought-stricken Horn of Africa, drying of the Lake Chad basin, shrinking of the Sahel and savannah grasslands “and worsening economic vulnerabilities have set in motion political, demographic, migratory dynamics that increase the threat of insurgency and violent extremism”.The UK has committed into law a target of net-zero carbon emissions by 2050 and will host the COP26 climate summit in November in the Scottish city of Glasgow.Kerry called the Glasgow conference “literally our last best hope to get on track and get this right”.The United States is hosting its own summit on April 22 where it is expected to announce its renewed carbon-reduction commitments after years of disengagement under Trump.French President Emmanuel Macron, meanwhile, pleaded for “effective multilateralism” in the effort to limit warming, and voiced support for a German idea of appointing a special UN envoy for climate security.Germany’s Foreign Minister Heiko Maas also called for regular reporting by the UN secretary-general on the security implications of climate change.Renowned British broadcaster and naturalist David Attenborough, in a video message played before the UNSC meeting, warned “if we continue on our current path, we will face the collapse of everything that bring us our security including food, water, habitable temperatures”.“We have left the stable and secure climatic period that gave birth to our civilization,” he said. “There is no going back.”But Attenborough added: “If we act fast enough we can reach a new stable state,” and the UN conference in November “may be our last opportunity to make this step change”.
350	3	"        Pictured above, a blue ice area in Antarctica. (UNSW/AntarcticScience.com) (UNSW/AntarcticScience.com)Antarctica and Greenland are losing ice six times faster than in the 1990s, a pair of studies in the journal Nature show.According to the international team of climatologists behind the research, the unprecedented rate of melt has already contributed 0.7 inches (1.78 centimeters) to global sea level rise in the last three decades, putting the planet on track for the worst-case climate warming scenario laid out in the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change's (IPCC) latest report. The dreaded scenario, which predicts a total sea level rise of 23.6 inches (60 cm) by the year 2100, would put hundreds of millions of people living in coastal communities at risk of losing their homes — or their lives — to flooding.""Every centimeter of sea level rise leads to coastal flooding and coastal erosion, disrupting people's lives around the planet,"" study author Andrew Shepherd, a professor of Earth Observation at the University of Leeds in England, said in a statement. ""If Antarctica and Greenland continue to track the worst-case climate warming scenario, they will cause an extra 6.7 inches (17 cm) of sea level rise by the end of the century.""""This would mean 400 million people are at risk of annual coastal flooding by 2100,"" Shepherd added.For the new studies, a team of 89 scientists assessed ice loss data from 11 satellites that have been monitoring Antarctica and Greenland since the early 1990s. The data created a detailed picture of how much mass each region's glaciers have lost over the last 30 years, and showed how quickly the remaining ice is flowing into the sea.The team found that Greenland and Antarctica have lost a combined 7 trillion tons of ice (6.4 trillion metric tons) from 1992 to 2017. Almost all of the lost ice in Antarctica and about half of the lost ice in Greenland is due to warming ocean waters melting the edges of glaciers, causing each region's ice sheets to flow more quickly toward the sea. The rest of Greenland's ice loss is due to warming air temperatures, which melt the ice sheets at their surfaces, the researchers said.The rate of ice loss in each ice sheet also increased substantially over that period, rising from a combined 89 billion tons (81 billion metric tons) per year in the 1990s to 523 billion tons (475 billion metric tons) per year in the 2010s.This sixfold increase in the rate of ice loss means that the melting polar ice sheets are responsible for a third of all sea level rise, the researchers said. (Thermal expansion, which causes water to take up more space as it warms, is responsible for much of the remaining sea level rise.)The accelerated ice loss puts the planet well on the way toward the IPCC's worst-case scenario.Originally published on Live Science."
631	3	"Energy Minister Angus Taylor has warned ""top-down"" pressure from the United Nations to address climate change will fail without better technologies. Mr Taylor said the focus should be on finding productive technologies and practices while maintaining or strengthening economic growth. Australia has been criticised for blocking UN climate negotiation progress in Madrid in December, along with Brazil and Saudi Arabia. Image: News Corp Australia"
62	3	Ain’t no mountain high enough to escape climate change.In 1985, John Fitzpatrick hiked up a ridge called Cerro de Pantiacolla, in the Peruvian Andes, in search of birds. On an eight-kilometer uphill walk, he and his team meticulously documented all the birds that lived on the mountainside. They found dozens of species, many with delightfully ostentatious names. The buff-browed foliage-gleaner. The hazel-fronted pygmy-tyrant. The fulvous-breasted flatbill. The variable antshrike. After their census, they returned to their base camp on the banks of the Palatoa River, and Fitzpatrick took a photo of the Andes, towering in the distance. Then they sailed away.Thirty years later, Benjamin Freeman, an ecologist at the University of British Columbia and a former student of Fitzpatrick’s, decided to retrace the same hike to see whether the birdlife had changed in the intervening decades. “We motored up the river in a canoe, literally holding up that photo, until we said, ‘Oh, we’re here,’” Freeman says.As they climbed, the thickets of tall bamboo by the river gave way to big rainforest trees with huge buttress roots. And at the top of the ridge, 1,400 meters up, the team found a “gnarled, mossy wonderland of stunted trees,” Freeman says. What they did not find, however, was the buff-browed foliage-gleaner, the hazel-fronted pygmy-tyrant, the fulvous-breasted flatbill, or the variable antshrike. They had all disappeared.Mountains vary substantially as they rise, in both climate and vegetation, like layered cakes in which every tier is radically different. For that reason, mountains are hotbeds for the birth of new species, many of which tend to stick to a very narrow band of altitude. That’s true even for birds. It’s easy to imagine that, being winged, they can travel wherever they like, but they too are restricted by layers of climate. And those restrictions are changing.Read: Urban bird feeders are changing the course of evolution.As the planet slowly warms, the cooler, higher layers of mountains are becoming like the warmer ones at lower altitudes. Animals and plants are tracking these changes, moving upslope in search of their ideal climes. Apollo butterflies have moved 200 meters up the faces of Spanish mountains. Pikas—hamsterlike relatives of rabbits—have disappeared from much of California’s Sierra Nevadas, first from the lowest elevations and then eventually from the highest ones, too. In Cerro de Pantiacolla, Freeman calculated that birds would have to move about 75 meters upslope to experience the temperatures they enjoyed back in 1985.The reality wasn’t quite that stark. When Freeman and his colleagues compared their two censuses, they realized that the ridge’s birds are now living, on average, 40 meters higher than they used to. But of the 16 species that once lived at the ridge’s summit, eight were nowhere to be seen. It’s as if all the birds in Cerro de Pantiacolla have been slowly moving upwards, and those that were already at the top just ran out of mountain.Of course, it’s possible that the team just failed to find the missing birds. But five of these species were common back in 1985, and seven have distinctive songs that should have been obvious parts of the dawn chorus. Freeman thinks that at least some of them really are gone—and others will likely follow. The scarlet-breasted fruiteater, deep-blue flowerpiercer, and russet-crowned warbler now live only in the highest 100 meters of the ridge. After another decade of warming, they will probably disappear, too.As the team wrote, “In the timespan of just one and a half human generations, warming of less than 0.5 degrees Celsius has set in motion an escalator to extinction for Andean birds.”To clarify, none of the missing species is extinct yet; they also live on other, taller mountains that provide more space into which they can ascend. But what happened in Cerro de Pantiacolla is likely to happen elsewhere, and even the loftiest mountains are finite. In that sense, the ridge’s birds are harbingers of the future—the hazel-fronted pygmy-tyrants in the coal mine.Read: Can fear alone drive animals to extinction?“For over 30 years, scientists have been concerned that global warming will cause mountaintop extinctions, but until now there has been little evidence,” says Morgan Tingley from the University of Connecticut. Freeman’s study changes that. “It’s terrifying, like a nightmare come true. It may just be one study from one isolated mountain, but it’s still alarming. If this is how climate change will play out across tropical mountains, then we’re in deep trouble.”In a way, it’s surprising that scientists haven’t detected more of these disappearances before. One study predicted that a global temperature rise of 2.8 degrees Celsius (5 degrees Fahrenheit) would kill off between 400 and 550 bird species, solely by pushing them off the top of the extinction escalator. And yet “there are few examples where people have actually validated that this is happening,” Freeman says, “and it hasn’t been for lack of effort.”The problem, he says, is that most researchers have looked for mountaintop extinctions in temperate parts of the world, where animals already have to cope with climates that fluctuate wildly with the seasons. “A little bit of warming might not matter that much to them,” Freeman says. But in the tropics, where temperatures are more stable year-round, animals can become more tightly bound to a narrow range of conditions—and more vulnerable when those conditions change.Freeman first found evidence of this in 2014, when he and his wife, Alexandra Class Freeman, visited two mountains in Papua New Guinea that an ornithologist had studied in the 1960s. Forty years later, most of the birds had moved to higher regions. It’s not entirely clear why this happens. The birds’ bodies could operate best in specific temperatures. Alternatively, “the warming might matter to the insects, and the insects matter to the birds,” Freeman says. Either way, he suspects that the extinction escalator runs far faster in the tropics than it does elsewhere.“Barring reducing rates of climate change, what can you do?” Freeman asks. The best interim solution is to preserve tracts of forest that ascend up mountainsides—corridors in which species can travel as warming temperatures push them upward.“On the main Andes, if you protect a big swath of land, you’ll provide the space for the plants and animals to live in as they move up the mountain,” Freeman says. As for smaller mountains like Pantiacolla, “they’re not tall enough to handle a lot of upslope shifts,” he adds. “These places are basically shit out of luck.”
215	4	Protesters at a rally led by climate activist Greta Thunberg on Friday denounced governments for taking urgent action against the coronavirus outbreak but failing to treat global warming as an emergency.Several thousand people braved the rain in Brussels with the 17-year-old Swede, marching through the city that is home to the European Union’s main institutions.“It is shameful that for so long the climate and environmental emergency has been ignored. We are still in a crisis that has never once been treated like a crisis,” Thunberg told the demonstrators in a speech.Some supporters said they had put aside concerns about being infected with the coronavirus in a crowd to join the march.“It’s pick your evil. Do you want to die from global warming or from coronavirus?” said Gorkem, 40, wearing a face mask.“One of them gets much more attention than the other, so we are trying to raise a bit more awareness about what is already affecting all our lives.”Flo, a filmmaker from the Belgian city of Ghent who attended with her baby daughter, said the rapid spread of the coronavirus had demonstrated that governments can respond to crises.“You see people all crazy with coronavirus and you see that governments can do things to make everybody aware about a situation, to make things happen … But they do so little about climate change,” she said.Organisers said some 4,000 people attended the event, fewer than expected, probably because of the weather and concerns about the spread of the virus in large crowds.Andaga, 25, a marine biology student from Ghent, said some of her friends stayed away because of worries about the virus.“I thought, OK, maybe I should carry hand sanitiser, but it was sold out everywhere … Yes, it was a concern of mine, but not enough to stop me from coming out and marching,” she said.While the protest went ahead, some events in the European Union’s hub have been cancelled as a precaution.The European Parliament has banned external visitors for the next three weeks, although it waived its own rule on Thursday to allow Thunberg to give a speech.Other climate events have fallen victim to the virus.The United Nations on Friday postponed a week of climate change events in Kampala, Uganda, which had been scheduled for next month.
534	4	"Surprising new polling data shows swing voters are going green.It was quite the messaging turnaround. In his September 6 acceptance speech at the Democratic National Convention in Charlotte, President Obama -- whose reticence about so much as mentioning global warming has flummoxed environmental activists -- used the subject to launch an unexpected attack on his opponent. ""Climate change is not a hoax,"" the president declared. ""More droughts and floods and wildfires are not a joke. They are a threat to our children's future."" In the after-speech gabfest, Politico cited the moment as one of Obama's top applause lines.Obama's shift comes as pollsters and strategists are increasingly saying that Democrats -- and even perhaps some Republicans -- could be using the climate issue to their political advantage, especially after a summer of drought, wildfires, and record heat. Ever since the collapse of cap and trade, it's been ""strong conventional wisdom, even within major environmental organizations, that it can hurt us to talk about climate change,"" explains climate strategist Betsy Taylor, whose consulting firm Breakthrough Strategies and Solutions just released a new report on the subject. ""And I think that was a mistake.""Recent polling data make clear, however, that extreme weather is leaving Americans increasingly worried about climate change. A mid July survey from the University of Texas at Austin, for instance, found that 70 percent of the public thought climate change was happening, an increase from 65 percent in March. What's more, a series of public opinion reports and analyses -- some based on data collected prior to the record heat waves of the summer, which suggests the public is even more alarmed now than when those surveys reached them -- have indicated that global warming is a potential political winner, rather than an electoral albatross.The conventional wisdom that activists like Taylor want to upset emerged following the 2008 economic collapse--when many climate advocates were painted as wannabe energy taxers, and a sharp contrast was drawn between helping the economy and helping the climate. Then came ""Climategate,"" apseudo-scandal which has since been debunked, but which planted the idea that climate scientists had made up results to scare the public, and weakened Americans' concern about global warming Upshot: In the 2010 congressional elections, a number of Democrats who'd voted for cap-and-trade were picked off by Republican challengers. The most prominent victim: Virginia's Rick Boucher, a 14-term Congressional vet who lost to a Tea Party opponent who'dpilloried his pro-cap-and-trade vote. Moderate Republicans known for taking climate change seriously, like former South Carolina Rep. Bob Ingliss, were also sent packing.The first of these studies emerged in 2011 from Stanford pollster Jon Krosnick and his colleagues. The researchers conducted a survey in which respondents were broken into three groups, and then asked to support a hypothetical Senate candidate who either (1) denied the science of global warming and attacked cap and trade, (2) accepted the science and called for action, or (3) took no position on the issue. The result was clear: 77 percent of respondents supported the ""green"" candidate, 65 percent the neutral candidate, and only 48 percent the denier candidate. Both Democrats and independents strongly favored a green candidate over a neutral one, while for Republicans it was basically a wash -- neither a pro or anti-climate candidate moved them much. ""By taking a green position on climate, candidates of either party can gain votes,"" Krosnick's team concluded.Their findings were reinforced earlier this year by researchers at Yale and George Mason who, in a March 2012 survey, similarly found that taking a stand on climate has the potential to motivate Democratic and independent voters, without causing damage among Republicans. For instance, 82 percent of Democrats and 68 percent of Independents agreed that the U.S. should undertake an either medium or large scale effort to cut down global warming.The implication, explains Edward Maibach of the George Mason Center for Climate Change Communication, is ""so different from what seems to be the wisdom of politicos, which is that this is a third rail of politics and you don't touch it.""The reason, he explains, is that ""Independents respond more like Democrats than like Republicans"" on the issue -- giving climate advocates a potentially larger base of support. For example: 72 percent of Democrats in the study, as well as 66 percent of Independents, agreed that global warming would harm ""future generations"" either a moderate amount or a great deal.But perhaps most striking is Taylor's recently released report, which draws on a survey designed by Harstad Strategic Research pollster Andrew Maxfield, who previously did polling for President Obama's 2008 campaign. In a survey of 1,204 likely voters in May of 2012, Maxfield found that a ""clean energy"" candidate fared better than an ""all-of-the-above"" candidate who supported a variety of energy choices -- coal, drilling, and also clean energy.Maxfield then went on to test a variety of climate messages -- and the upshot, he says, is that ""if you feel strongly about climate change, there is a way to talk about it that voters will understand and appreciate"" -- especially if candidates focus on recent extreme weather. ""I was surprised at the strength of that, and the extent to which voters had begun to recognize the severe weather, and experience it,"" Maxfield says. It helps that climate scientists themselves are increasingly outspoken about explaining that global warming is shifting the odds in favor of more heat waves, severe storms, and other weather extremes -- even if no single, isolated event can be laid at the feet of global warming.Another set of messages Maxfield tested involve oil companies, which people perceive as having too much power. ""They know that oil companies command undue influence,"" and ""have rigged the system in many ways,"" says Maxfield. He and Taylor advise emphasizing ""patriotic pride"": America can come up with climate solutions -- it can ""rise to the challenge and succeed."" Such messaging, they suggest, can appeal to a ""solid majority of voters.""What's perhaps most fascinating is that all three studies discussed aboveare based on public opinion data gathered prior to the summer of 2012, when record heat and freak storms drove up public belief in global warming. The Yale and George Mason group just conducted another more recent poll, this one on likely but undecided voters in the 2012 election. Not only do most undecideds think global warming is happening and caused by humans, but 61 percent say it will be an important issue in determining who they vote for.To be sure, none of the pollsters or strategists are saying that climate change will be a winning issue across the board. There are good ways and bad ways for politicians to communicate about climate, explains Paul Bledsoe, a Washington-based consultant who was the chief staffer on climate change communications in the Clinton White House. ""When it is isolated from the things they care about, people tend to react more negatively, especially if they feel they're being lectured about it, because they often feel there's little they can do about it,"" says Bledsoe. Rather, he explains, a climate message will resonate with voters if it is made ""relevant to their livelihoods, experiences in their states and localities.""In other words, it is not that any type of climate communication is a guaranteed win--just that it is far from a guaranteed loser. But that still leaves a growing disconnect between politicians' fear of the climate issue on the one hand, and emerging public opinion data on the other. ""Democrats don't need to be as afraid of this issue as they are,"" says Maxfield. From President Obama on down, if candidates who talk about climate change win in 2012, expect that situation to rapidly change.This piece is by Chris Mooney of The Climate Desk."
182	0	"Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro questions motivation of aid offer as fire crews race against time to gain upper hand on raging Amazon fires; Amy Kellogg reports.Brazil's president, Jair Bolsonaro, blasted Pope Francis for his plea to protect the Amazon from climate change.The ultra-conservative leader, who is Catholic himself, criticized the left-leaning Latin American pope as the former Brazilian president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, an opponent of Bolsonaro, met and received a blessing from Francis.“Pope Francis said yesterday the Amazon is his, the world’s, everyone’s. Well, the pope may be Argentinian, but God is Brazilian,"" Bolsonaro said Thursday, appealing to his nation's sovereignty.Similarly, over the weekend, Bolsonaro made a surprise appearance at a ""historic"" gathering of evangelical Christians, where he declared that he is a believer in Jesus and that Brazil belongs to God.      Jair Bolsonaro, Brazil's president nicknamed the ""Trump of the Tropics,"" asked for prayer at The Send Brazil where thousands of evangelical Christians gathered. The conservative leader declared that he is a believer in Jesus and that Brazil belongs to God.      (The Send Brazil)On Wednesday, Francis refused to approve the ordination of married men to address the Catholic Church's priest shortage in the world's largest rainforest, but instead, he wrote a document called ""Beloved Amazon"" calling on the world to end the ""injustice and crime"" of global warming committed against the Amazonian people and its environment after record fires devasted the region last year.The ""Trump of the Tropics,"" who recently proposed opening up parts of Amazon land to mining and farming as part of what he calls ""sustainable development,"" also took a shot at the left-wing group Greenpeace, calling them ""rubbish.""Bolsonaro has previously accused the pope of having a ""leftist agenda"" and trying to embarrass Brazil on the global stage."
487	3	"The head of a climate advisory body has said it would be ""morally wrong"" for NI to be set a target for cutting emissions that it cannot reach.Lord Deben, chairman of the UK's Climate Change Committee, was giving evidence to a Stormont scrutiny committee on Thursday.The government body is examining proposals for Northern Ireland's first climate change bill.The bill would create a target of net zero emissions by 2045.Agriculture and Environment Minister Edwin Poots has opposed the bill, claiming it would have a detrimental impact on agri-food, Northern Ireland's biggest emitting sector.He is preparing separate legislation based on recommendations from Lord Deben's committee.It has advised a cut of at least 82% in greenhouse gas emissions in Northern Ireland by 2050, as part of a wider UK target of net zero.It said it had taken into account the economic reliance on agriculture and the fact that Northern Ireland exports much of the food it produces to the rest of the UK.Lord Deben said the cut of at least 82% he had proposed would be ""bloody difficult"" and was the highest he could demand ""in the present circumstances"", although it could be reviewed if those circumstances changed.""But I don't think it helps anybody to aim at something, when all the research which has been done by very significant people, working hard to get it right, says is not possible.""Meanwhile, it has emerged that Mr Poots' climate legislation is now with the minister and will proceed if he can get it onto the executive agenda for approval.Departmental officials told the scrutiny committee that there was nothing to stop the two climate bills running alongside one another through the legislative process.One official said legal advice had been taken on the issue and there were elements of both bills which could complement one another.""The simple answer is that it's massively complicated, yes the two bills can go and it wouldn't be as simple as saying that one supersedes the other."""
653	4	"         (AP)WASHINGTON -- The Obama administration on Monday proposed a new agency to study and report on the changing climate, which has drawn concern among many scientists in recent years.Commerce Secretary Gary Locke and Jane Lubchenco, head of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, announced NOAA will set up the new Climate Service to operate in tandem with NOAA's National Weather Service and National Ocean Service.""Whether we like it or not, climate change represents a real threat,"" Locke said Monday at a news conference.Lubchenco added, ""Climate change is real, it's happening now."" She said climate information is vital to the wind power industry, coastal community planning, fishermen and fishery managers, farmers and public health officials.NOAA recently reported that the decade of 2000-2009 was the warmest on record worldwide; the previous warmest decade was the 1990s. Many atmospheric scientists believe that global warming is largely due to human actions, adding gases to the atmosphere by burning fossil fuels such as coal and natural gas.Researchers and leaders from around the world met last month in Denmark to discuss ways to reduce climate-warming emissions, and a follow-up session is planned for later this year in Mexico. But a U.N. report that preceded the conference in Copenhagen has been widely disputed after much of the data in it was found to have been gathered unscientifically.""More and more people are asking for more and more information about climate and how it's going to affect them,"" Lubchenco explained. So officials decided to combine climate operations into a single unit.Portions of the Weather Service that have been studying climate, as well as offices from some other NOAA agencies, will be transferred to the new NOAA Climate Service.The new agency will initially be led by Thomas Karl, director of the current National Climatic Data Center. The Climate Service will be headquartered in Washington and will have six regional directors across the country.Lubchenco also announced a new NOAA climate portal on the Internet to collect a vast array of climatic data from NOAA and other sources. It will be ""one-stop shopping into a world of climate information,"" she said.Creation of the Climate Service requires a series of steps, including congressional committee approval. But if all goes well, it should be finished by the end of the year, officials said.In recent years, a widespread private weather forecasting industry has grown up around the National Weather Service, and Lubchenco said she anticipates growth of private climate-related business around the new agency.The Associated Press contributed to this report."
742	4	This past year had so many stories involving human-caused climate change – it will be forever in our memories. Here is a summary of some of the high points, from my perspective. When I say “high points” I don’t necessarily mean good. Some of these high points are bad and some are downright ugly. Let’s do the good first.The best news of all, in my opinion, is the continued cost reductions and huge installations of clean energy both in the US and around the word. Wind, solar, and other renewables have been on an incredible run of decreasing costs and creative financing, which has made them economically competitive with dirty fossil fuels. Improvements and expansion of grid-based power storage has also advanced. These storage abilities are needed to allow intermittent power sources (like wind and solar) to play an even larger role in delivering power to the grid. In the end, clean power will win out based on simple dollars and cents – regardless of the fact they will also help save the world. On an international scale, the US, China, and other countries ratified the Paris climate agreement, which gives us a reasonable chance at avoiding the worst effects of climate change. In the lead up to that ratification, the US took major actions domestically to reduce its own emissions through steps like the Clean Power Plan. Emissions have been reduced in some countries like the US for a variety of reasons. First, very cheap natural gas is displacing dirtier coal-based power. Secondly, renewable energy sources like wind and solar are expanding, and people are using energy more wisely. All of this happened with a major reduction in energy costs in the US. This shows you can have clean energy that is also cheap.In court, it was a good year. A rag-tag group of pro-bono climate scientists beat a bunch of high-paid contrarians in court. We showed that their science was nonsense and the smart judge gave a very harsh judgement to the funded deniers.And last in this part of the list, I think this is the year we can say the climate deniers and the contrarians who downplay global warming threats finally lost the science war. In the past, there were a dwindling few scientists each year that attempted to find evidence that the world was not warming, or wasn’t warming much. Each year, the number of scientists in this group got smaller and smaller. This year, they were virtually nonexistent. The contrarians have almost given up looking for contrarian evidence – it just isn’t there. They have ceded the scientific field because their research was found to be wrong. Now, these contrarian scientists only appear in blogs, op-eds in newspapers, sometimes in pay-for-play journals – but rarely in competitively reviewed scientific venues. After being wrong for decades, they have seemingly just given up.Despite the progress above, global warming continued. In fact, 2016 marked the third year in a row that record global temperatures were set. We are well over halfway to the 2-degree mark that puts us into a real climate danger zone and we have not even come close to doubling CO2 yet (although we will).The temperature levels reached this year don’t prove the world is warming; in fact, we never look at a single year as evidence. Rather, proof was found in the oceans. Several major studies were published this year that clearly show the world’s oceans are warming and that computer simulations have been spot-on in their predictions. Simply put, the Earth is warming and the models got it right.But that said, reaching almost 1.5 degrees Celsius with only about a 45% increase in the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere means that the contrarians, like Roy Spencer, John Christy, Richard Lindzen, William Happer, and Judith Curry, are shown conclusively to be wrong. The rate of warming we are seeing, in both the air and ocean temperatures, is inconsistent with the fanciful and optimistic beliefs of this group. But not only does the Earth not care about the contrarians; the weather doesn’t either. And it has been a crazy year with many climate-change induced weather events that should give us all cause for concern. We know that a warming climate will have many weather effects. For instance, in a warming world, there is increased evaporation which tends to dry out areas and make droughts worse. But, in some parts of the world, the warming air has more water vapor (higher humidity) so that heavy rainfalls occur and more flooding happens. The general rule of thumb is that areas which are currently dry will become more dry. Areas that are currently wet become wetter. And rains will occur in heavier downpours. And that is just what we are seeing.In the United States, we have had a continuation of the terrible drought in California. We’ve had a new heat-wave drought in the southeastern part of the US and that led to terrible wildfires.There have been terrible floods in other locations, including Maryland, West Virginia, Louisiana, Texas, Arkansas, Mississippi, Iowa, among others. Outside the US, there has been an incredible heat wave in the Arctic which has led to the lowest ever wintertime ice ever recorded there. The Arctic is looking very precarious for the important summertime low ice extent. We have a good chance at breaking the record (again). Terrible flooding the UK, Myanmar, Argentina, Indonesia, Spain, and Egypt, and others. There have been simultaneous flooding and heat waves in Australia, crazy hot weather in India and the Middle East.And typhoons and hurricanes are getting stronger because of climate change. As we warm the planet and its oceans, there is more energy available to fuel these hurricanes. According to expert Jeff Masters, 2016 saw the strongest storms ever observed in two regions. We also witnessed seven Category 5 storms, which is a huge number. Among typhoons that hit land, two of the top five occurred this year. These listed weather events, which are increasing, have been predicted to be an outcome of global warming. The scientists making these predictions got it right. One of the two events in this category should come as no surprise – the election of Donald Trump. While I continue to hold out hope that Trump will take climate change seriously, he is surrounding himself with people who are not scientists – rather, they are advocates for the fossil fuel industry. Many have histories of not only denying the science but working to undermine the science and the scientists who study climate change. There is very little evidence that Trump or his administration will take climate change seriously. However, there are rumors Trump’s daughter may be more understanding of science. There is also the possibility that Trump will realize he is in a powerful position, a Republican President with a Republican Congress. If he realizes the economic and social peril that climate change poses, he may take it upon himself to be a savior of sort for the world. If, on the other-hand, he kills climate funding, pulls us out of our international agreements, and goes backwards on our own emission reductions, we will see a devastating effect for our climate and a probable rise in energy prices. It would be so ironic if, for instance, energy prices are higher in four years than they are now.The second ugly event is the continuation of the ubiquitous misinformation on climate change. With the reduction of responsible and professional staff and organizations, news has been abdicated to second-rate non-reporters. Some examples are David Rose from the UK who writes for The Mail on Sunday. In November he wrote an article wherein he claimed that the recent record temperatures were a result of El Niño, not global warming. His fake news article was embarrassingly wrong. You might have thought Mr. Rose was a climate scientist by reading his article, but he ignored 7 out of 8 climate records, he focused on a portion of the atmosphere and threw out out most of the warming data, he cherry picked his data set, ignored records set without El Niño, and he omitted the entirety of the Earth’s oceans in order to get his result – and he was still wrong. But, when articles appear in newspapers, even ones like The Mail, they have a veneer of credibility. Simply put, the reason 2014, then 2015, and now 2016 are all-time records is that we have emitted heat trapping gases. Rose is full of baloney.But misinformation wasn’t limited to the UK, it had its normal huge presence in the US. In the Wall Street Journal, contrarian Roger Pielke Jr. published an article where he described himself as a climate heretic. His name might be familiar as a former writer for Nate Silver’s 538 blog before they rapidly parted ways. Pielke claims that he was attacked by “thought police in journal, activities groups funded by billionaires, and the White House”. What Pielke didn’t tell his readers is that he threatened colleagues who dared to confront his faulty science (For which Nate Silver apologized).  He also wrote misleading pieces that discussed tsunamis, volcanoes and earthquakes as though they were weather events (or at the very least, he failed to distinguish the difference to his readers). They are not weather events. Roger Pielke Jr’s problems were of his own making by poor science and shoddy professionalism. There are many other examples including those of second rate scientists or non-scientists finding high-profile media venues to spin their fantasies. It has become harder for readers to discern the real from the fake, the low from the high quality, the good from the fodder. And this issue brings me to the end, and my hope for 2017. After this year of fake news in US politics and elsewhere, I am hopeful that consumers of news will become much more discerning. I am hopeful that people who were duped this year will have higher standards next year. I hope that the thirst for reputable news and responsible sources will revitalize news media in the US. In particular, I hope that we see a resurgence in real reporters. People who have a professional obligation to get things right. People who live and die by their reputations and therefore cultivate those reputations. I understand that the Washington Post is actually hiring news reporters. This is unheard of in US print media but I hope it is a harbinger of things to come.If news consumers ask “where is this information coming from?” “Is it reputable?” “Can I double-check this article?” “What conflicts of influence might be present with this reporter of news?” Then, 2017 will be a glorious year and set us on a path of recovery.I am also hopeful that the economic position of renewable energy continues to improve. If so, the president of the USA won’t matter. We will be on a path to a cleaner safer world just based on unstoppable economics.Here’s to 2017!
360	5	Editor’s note: This article has been updated to take in news of Joe Biden’s climate summit, which occurred after The Economist went to pressMEETINGS OF GLOBAL leaders always combine, in varying proportions, pomp, substance, glitches and questionable set design. The first day of President Joe Biden’s virtual climate summit on April 22nd was no different. There were lofty declarations and flurries of press releases. Presidents spoke from desks festooned by flags. Mr Biden—along with John Kerry and Antony Blinken, America’s climate envoy and secretary of state, respectively—sat at a desk curved around an oddly scraggly patch of grass. And there was a long silence when America’s president and most senior statesmen waited awkwardly while staring at a jumbo screen that showed Vladimir Putin, Russia’s president, looking bored and vaguely annoyed.But the meeting was in other ways unprecedented: a sign of Mr Biden’s resolve to assert American leadership on climate after years of abdication under Donald Trump. As the two-day summit began, he set a target for reducing American emissions by 50-52% below 2005 levels by 2030. The White House hopes other countries will set their own bold targets before the next big United Nations climate conference, in Glasgow in November. By the close of the summit’s first day, Mr Biden’s determination was plain. So was the difficulty of the task ahead.By some measures, the summit already looked a qualified success. Mr Biden convinced both allies and adversaries to participate, even if their declarations were sometimes vague. Xi Jinping, China’s president, said he would “strictly limit the increase in coal consumption”.Mr Biden also showed his seriousness by setting an ambitious target, or nationally determined contribution (NDC). His target matched that hoped for by environmental campaigners. That counts as real progress for an American president, even if Mr Trump had not set a subterranean bar. An NDC is required by the Paris agreement, which Mr Trump rejected and to which Mr Biden has renewed America’s commitment. Japan and Canada announced new targets, too. An analysis from the Rhodium Group, a think-tank, shows America’s new NDC to be among the world’s most ambitious (see chart).Other leaders have reasons to eye American promises with scepticism. In the 1990s Bill Clinton’s administration negotiated the Kyoto protocol, but the Senate declined to ratify it. Barack Obama pushed for the Paris agreement, only to have Mr Trump declare in 2017 that America would withdraw. Mr Obama promised to supply $3bn in climate finance for poorer countries; $2bn of that is still outstanding.Mr Biden has sought to restore America’s credibility. On his first day as president he announced that America would rejoin the Paris agreement. His infrastructure bill, presented in March, includes support for electric cars, renewables and energy innovation, as well as a clean-electricity standard requiring the power system to be emissions-free by 2035. If passed, the plan would be America’s most important climate legislation ever.Yet Mr Biden’s efforts face challenges at home and abroad. The Environmental Defence Fund, a research and advocacy group, had urged an “ambitious and credible” target for American emissions, but those traits may be mutually exclusive. Republican opposition means that Mr Biden’s infrastructure bill may not pass the Senate as proposed.Even if it did, it might not ensure a 50% reduction in emissions by 2030. Climate Action Tracker, a policy group, reckons that at least 95% of car sales in America must be zero emissions by 2030. Mr Biden proposes support for electric cars, but no deadline for phasing out petrol guzzlers. “Eventually we are going to need additional climate legislation in the forms of standards, mandates, a carbon price,” argues Jason Bordoff, a former adviser to Barack Obama and the co-dean of Columbia University’s Climate School.Mr Biden’s attempt to encourage decarbonisation abroad is no simpler. At Mr Biden’s summit, Andrés Manuel López Obrador, Mexico’s president, spoke of linking climate co-operation with a broader agreement on immigration. America’s most important foreign partner is the one with which relations have most steeply declined. The International Energy Agency expects China to account for more than half the rebound in coal consumption this year. Mr Kerry, in a visit to Shanghai this month, urged that climate be a “stand-alone” issue. Li Yifei, a professor of environmental studies at NYU Shanghai and co-author of “China Goes Green”, an analysis of Chinese environmental policy, contends that climate is inextricable from debates over geopolitical influence, intellectual property or industrial policy. “Climate change, by definition, is not a stand-alone issue,” he argues.Indeed Mr Biden’s action on climate may be characterised by competition as much as co-operation. China has long backed domestic clean-energy industries and foreign energy projects. Mr Biden intends America rapidly to increase its investments in both. Within America, Mr Biden wants to invest in energy innovation and green manufacturing, to challenge China’s dominance to date. “It’s difficult to imagine the United States winning the long-term strategic competition with China if we cannot lead the renewable energy revolution,” Mr Blinken explained earlier this week.Abroad, Mr Biden intends America’s Development Finance Corporation to devote at least one-third of new investments to climate from 2023. Working with multilateral development banks, America could provide poorer countries with a clean alternative to Chinese-backed coal plants. As poor and middle-income countries struggle with debt, the White House has signalled support for climate-linked relief. Mr Bordoff points to debt relief in the 1980s tied to investments in biodiversity. “You might imagine something like climate-for-debt swaps to drive investment in low-carbon energy,” he says. Mr Biden’s summit is so far as successful as he could have reasonably expected. The most important work is still to come.. And for more coverage of Joe Biden’s presidency, visit our dedicated  hub
876	4	UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres has warned the world is facing “a direct existential threat” and must take action in the next two years to avert the disastrous consequences of runaway climate change. Speaking in New York on Monday, Guterres said climate change was “moving faster than we are” and decried the lack of global leadership to address the issue. “If we do not change course by 2020, we risk missing the point where we can avoid runaway climate change, with disastrous consequences for people and all the natural systems that sustain us,” he said. People everywhere are experiencing record-breaking temperatures, he continued, and extreme heatwaves, wildfires, storms and floods “are leaving a trail of death and devastation”.As examples, Guterres pointed to India’s worst monsoon flooding in recent history in Kerala, almost 3,000 deaths from Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico last year, disappearing Arctic sea ice and wildfires so big that they send ash around the world.Guterres said scientists have been warning about global warming for decades, but “far too many leaders have refused to listen – far too few have acted with the vision the science demands”.World leaders who signed the Paris agreement on climate change in 2015 committed to a series of measures to limit global temperature rises to less than 2 degrees Celsius and to below 1.5 degrees by the end of the century.But recent studies show the world is off track and likely to miss that target.Guterres said that when he addresses world leaders at the annual UN General Assembly gathering in two weeks, he will tell them “that climate change is the great challenge of our time” and what is missing is leadership and a sense of urgency to respond.US President Donald Trump dealt a setback to the UN push for climate action when he announced last year that his country was withdrawing from the Paris Agreement.But UN officials fear backsliding from other countries such as Australia, one of the world’s worst per capita greenhouse gas polluters, which has scrapped plans to enshrine targets for reducing carbon emissions into law.Poland, which will host the COP 24 climate summit in December, is struggling to break free of coal as its main source of energy.A recent UN study said commitments under the Paris Agreement represent just a third of what is needed to meet the target of a cooler planet, said Guterres.“The mountain in front of us is very high,” he said. “But it is not insurmountable.”   The UN chief described the upcoming COP 24 summit in the Polish city of Katowice as a “key moment” when leaders will be asked to “show they care about the people whose fate they hold in their hands”.
139	1	"Sky News host Paul Murray says ""lefties think we need to lead the world when it comes to climate change"" but as a nation ""we could not dare lead the world"" in calling for an investigation into a pandemic which has killed nearly 350,000 people. Shadow Minister for Agriculture and Resources Joel Fitzgibbon recently called on the government to repair relations with China, as the agriculture industry faces the brunt of escalating trade tensions. Mr Fitzgibbon told Sky News it had become a pattern in government to “demonise” China and its “system of governance”. ""I can't stand the China sellouts,"" Mr Murray said. "
708	5	"Extreme weather events including typhoon Haiyan and superstorm Sandy are proving a ""gamechanger"" for public awareness of the threat posed by climate change, Al Gore said on Friday.The former US vice-president, speaking to delegates at the World Economic Forum in Davos, said: ""I think that these extreme weather events which are now a hundred times more common than 30 years ago are really waking people's awareness all over the world [on climate change], and I think that is a gamechanger. It comes about, of course, because we continue to put 90 million tonnes of global warming pollution into the atmosphere every day, as if it's an open sewer.""But he said the falling price of solar and wind power gave hope for efforts to tackle climate change.""There's a second gamechanger, that is that the cost down-curve for photovoltaic electricity and, to a lesser extent, wind. In 13 countries, the price of solar is cheaper than or equal to the [electricity] grid average price."" He claimed that within a decade most people would live in regions where that was true, and said of the falling costs of the technologies: ""It is very impressive and it is opening up great opportunities for the world to solve climate change.""Speaking alongside Gore, Bill Gates said that climate change was a very important challenge but still had ""an awareness problem."" The former Microsoft CEO and philantropist said that the issues of climate change and development were interlinked, and that a focus on climate change should not take away from the development agenda.But he warned that growing prosperity as a result of development efforts could worsen global warming emissions, if energy was not generated in a clean way. ""As the poorest are being lifted up, as they're getting lights and refrigerators, we are going to use more energy. There's not a scenario here where we use less energy. We have to make the energy we use not emit any greenhouse gases, particularly CO2.""Gore said that businesses were beginning to show leadership on climate change but many still do not. He added that support from government was vital for business. ""Even with business leadership, we will need governmental actions, we need to put a price on carbon, we need to put a price on [climate change] denial in politics,"" he said at the WEF panel on climate change, which also included the Nigerian finance minister, Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, and UN secretary general, Ban Ki-moon.In September, for the first time in several years, world leaders will discuss efforts to tackle climate change at a meeting convened by Ki-moon in New York. It comes ahead of a key UN summit in Paris in 2015 to agree an international deal on cutting carbon emissions."
451	4	"MagicTalk's Sean Plunket has slammed a Blackcaps cricketer for supporting Green Party co-leader James Shaw in his calm response to an interview with the radio host.Shaw had an interview with Plunket on Monday about the teaching of climate change in schools. The pair clashed over the new climate change teaching resource, with Plunket voicing concern over the impact the syllabus might have on the students and their ability to question climate change. Shaw hit back saying the syllabus is ""based on the science so you can dispute that all you like"". Clearly, listeners could hear the conversation was getting heated, including cricketer Jimmy Neesham who responded to the interview on Twitter. ""I want to personally doff my hat to you for your calmness in this interview. I almost threw my phone at the wall 4 times,"" Neesham wrote. Shaw simply replied ""thanks"". But since the interaction, Plunket has hit back at Neesham. ""Well, Jimmy I feel like throwing my bloody phone at the wall often watching the Blackcaps.""Plunket criticised the cricketer for speaking out about climate change while flying ""all over the world"". ""Is that why you catch planes all over the world to play cricket Jimmy?""He continued to berate the cricketer, seeming to suggest that Neesham's career is ""completely pointless, yet burns up tonnes of carbon"". The MagicTalk host then commented on the number of Neeshan's Twitter followers, saying the ""number is a lot less than the runs or wickets he's got"".Neeshan has been outspoken about the effects of climate change. "
75	3	New Mexico’s Hatch Valley faces its biggest test yet.In the village of Hatch, New Mexico, at a chile shop cloaked in red ristras—the ornamental strings of chiles that adorn many doorways and windows in the state—Jessie Moreno, the young farmer who owns the store, tallies up sales, offers free samples, and cranks an iron basket-topped chile roaster.“This little festival is like a gold mine for us,” said Moreno, 21, gesturing toward three hissing chile roasters. A smoky, pungent aroma rose from the tumbling specimens of Capsicum annuum and permeated the air. The town’s annual Hatch Chile Festival bolstered sales for two days, attracting about 15,000 chile connoisseurs and hobbyists from as far away as West Virginia, Louisiana, and Florida, in a welcome boost after last year’s pandemic-caused hiatus. Even so, Moreno and other local farmers couldn’t help worrying about the crop’s uncertain future and its profitability.The continued drought and an unprecedented workforce shortage worsened by the coronavirus pandemic have rattled the agribusiness that is central to the state’s identity, says Stephanie Walker, a chile specialist at the Chile Pepper Institute at New Mexico State University, one of a handful of research centers in the world dedicated to the plant. “We’re definitely at a breaking point now.”Chile peppers, which are originally native to South America, were introduced to the harsh, iron-rich red earth of what’s now New Mexico by Spanish colonizers over four centuries ago. But it wasn’t until 1921 that Fabián García, a Mexican American horticulturist, developed the long green chile pepper after years of researching and cross-breeding plants from Hispanic-family gardens. It quickly became a customer favorite: Green chile is now smothered on burritos and used as a seasoning for popular snacks such as popcorn and crackers—it’s even mixed with lemonade. When the leafy, pod-bearing plant ripens at the end of summer, it becomes a red chile pepper, which has a sweeter and mellower taste and is also used in a variety of New Mexican dishes. Though long green chiles are also commercially grown in Mexico, Arizona, California, and Colorado, locals and chile enthusiasts believe that the combination of the high-desert climate, sandy loam soil, and water from the Rio Grande gives the chiles grown in the Hatch Valley a distinctive flat and earthy flavor. New Mexico, which proudly calls itself “the chile capital of the world,” boasts an official state question: “Red or green?”But now, the state is asking a different question: Can its signature crop weather the changing climate?New Mexico’s hottest commodity is delicate. It doesn’t thrive below 60 degrees Fahrenheit and can be killed by even a light frost, but it can also be harmed by high temperatures; it doesn’t fruit above 95 degrees. (Botanically speaking, chiles, like tomatoes, are fruits, not vegetables, because they have internal and edible seeds.) This doesn’t bode well in a climate that’s growing hotter and more unpredictable every year. In just two decades, the Southwest is projected to heat up by more than the global average of 2.7 degrees Fahrenheit. It will also be increasingly battered by extreme weather events such as spring freezes and heat waves, according to an August report from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.This year, spring heat waves accelerated snowmelt evaporation in the Rio Grande, leaving both the river and Elephant Butte Reservoir, which it feeds, with a dwindling supply of water for agriculture in the southern part of the state. With the reservoir hovering at about 5 percent of capacity over spring and summer, the Elephant Butte Irrigation District provided surface water to farmers in southern New Mexico for just 27 days this growing season. It was one of the worst curtailments in the irrigation district in over a century, according to J. Phillip King, a water-resource consultant for the district. “This is an unfortunate, disturbing pattern that is setting in—a multi-decadal drought now superimposed on an increasingly arid climate.”Back at his farm, Moreno stood looking out at the 9.5-acre field he leases. “It’s crazy that all our water is gone,” he said. “My dad used to tell me that before these two decades, he could get water from the river from February ’til fall.” But that’s no longer true: To supply his plants this summer, Moreno had to pump groundwater from his 30-foot-deep well. It cost him thousands of dollars to irrigate his chile fields using the pump.And even that last resort might not last for long. Increased pumping is lowering the water table, and the saline concentration in some wells has tripled or quadrupled, damaging the plant’s roots and causing wilt and other diseases. The legality of pumping groundwater is also up in the air. A U.S. Supreme Court lawsuit between New Mexico and Texas over groundwater pumping along the Rio Grande could further cut the amount of groundwater available for chile farmers and reduce the crop’s acreage, according to King, a witness testifying in the case. The case has lasted eight years now, and a ruling is still pending.The uncertainty about climate, water, and water rights is a constant worry for Moreno. The son of two migrant workers who labored in chile fields and processing plants, he is proud to run his own family-owned chile business, which he hopes to eventually pass on to his 1-year-old son. But he wonders if there will be any water available for chiles by then. “I really hate to see the chile in this valley go down,” Moreno said forlornly.Beyond the climate woes, chile farmers are also facing a labor shortage. “Nobody wants to work,” Rigo Gutierrez says. He and his wife, Maribel, a farmer and chile laborer, run a seasonal shack two miles from Moreno’s shop. In past harvesting seasons, the couple hired four family friends to pick and roast. This year, they’ve had to do everything themselves.Laborers harvest the fruit almost entirely by hand before the chiles turn red in late October. Starting in July, pickers head into the rows of crops with plastic buckets, grabbing the pods with the right “squeeze” and dashing back to waiting pickup trucks as soon as their buckets are full. The state needs about 3,000 seasonal workers for the $50 million industry, but this year it’s been short about 1,350, says Joram Robbs, executive director of the New Mexico Chile Association. “This year is even worse than last year, when everything was shut down,” Robbs says. He blamed federal pandemic unemployment benefits, which expired at the start of September.As an incentive, in mid-August, industry leaders negotiated with New Mexico Governor Michelle Lujan Grisham to use $5 million of the federal pandemic-relief fund to boost wages among chile pickers and process-plant workers up to $19.50 per hour, almost twice the state’s minimum wage of $10.50 per hour. By early October, according to Robbs, the incentive had eased the hiring shortage for farms and processing plants, though the problem was far from resolved.Some smaller farmers, scientists, and labor-rights activists are ambivalent about the one-time cash infusion, saying the worker shortage is less about the unemployment benefits than it is about historical labor and immigration injustices. According to the Border Agricultural Workers Project, a nonprofit that has organized farmworkers in the borderlands for over 30 years, the average annual chile-picking wage of immigrant laborers has risen by only about $1,000, from $6,000 to $7,000. However, the cost of living in the U.S. has almost doubled from what it was in 1993, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics.During the pandemic, the job’s backbreaking nature was compounded by the lack of personal protective equipment, sanitation, and hand-washing facilities. It’s “not that there’s no workers available for the chile harvest,” Carlos Marentes, the director of the Border Agricultural Workers Project, says. “It’s an issue with their safety, wages and working conditions.”In recent decades, chile fields have given way to less labor-intensive, more profitable crops like pecans and alfalfa, which, ironically, consume a lot more water than chile. As a result, the chile-harvesting acreage in New Mexico has shrunk from an all-time high of 34,000 acres in 1992 to around 8,000.Still, here in the Hatch Valley, farmers like Moreno uphold the tradition of growing a beloved plant. As chiles tossed in the roasters behind him, Moreno told me that the money he makes at the chile festival will bring him one step closer to his dream of owning a 30-acre farm. “My parents came from nothing and built it up,” he said, referring to the shop he runs and the acres he currently leases. “And I am not about to lose it just yet.”This post appears courtesy of High Country News.
145	2	"Journalist and Political Commentator Nathan Hondros says Barnaby Joyce's ""one job"" is to inject a bit of sense and sensibility into the Coalition on climate change policy. ""I think that's why he's been promoted,"" Mr Hondros told Sky News. On Monday, Mr Joyce defeated Michael McCormack after a spill motion was called in the Nationals Party room.Barnaby Joyce is set to be sworn in on Tuesday as Australia's deputy prime minister."
419	4	"It has been one year since Stuff launched Quick! Save The Planet!, a long term project aimed at making the realities of climate change feel tangible – and unable to be ignored. There have been some significant moments in the past year. These are some of them.  Special Report on Global Warming warns of dire consequences Since 2015, 195 countries have signed on to the Paris Agreement, committing to limiting the increase in average global temperature to no more than 2 degrees Celsius, and pursuing efforts to keep it to 1.5C. READ MORE: * We're recruiting to supercharge Stuff's climate crisis coverage * Highlights from Stuff's year covering the climate crisis * Down Under: The community most exposed to sea level rise There was no certainty that limiting the increase to 1.5C was even possible. The Special Report on Global Warming of 1.5C was a massive global scientific effort to explore what needed to be done to limit global warming and what impact that would have. It found that the target is technically possible, but required ""rapid, far-reaching and unprecedented changes in all aspects of society"". To achieve 1.5C, the world as a whole would need to cut carbon emissions around 45 per cent by 2030, and reach ""net zero"" by around 2050 - meaning more greenhouse gases are removed from the atmosphere each year than added to it. While they seem like similar outcomes, the difference between an increase of 1.5C compared to 2C would be vast. If we see a 2C increase, that could lead to 99 per cent of coral reefs dying, thousands of extinctions, and food scarcity impacting tens of millions of people.  The message was simple. A small change won't do it, we need drastic action. Government backs down from adding agriculture to the emissions trading scheme The emissions trading scheme is meant to be the cornerstone of New Zealand's climate change policy. It's a simple concept - companies that emit greenhouses gases have to buy carbon credits to cover their emissions. But the scheme has been criticised as ineffective. That's partly because carbon credits are too cheap, and partly because many of the largest emitting industries are exempt or receive huge subsidies. The elephant in the room is agriculture: it makes up almost 50 per cent of our national emissions and has been exempt from the scheme since it began. The Government proposed bringing the industry into the scheme (albeit at a 95 per cent discount), but ultimately backed down under pressure from farmers. In the end, a middle ground was met: The agriculture sector has five years to develop a farm-level pricing mechanism separate from New Zealand's Emissions Trading Scheme. In the meantime, they will continue to pay nothing for their emissions. If the new scheme is not established in time, agriculture will be folded into the ETS by default in 2025 Zero Carbon Bill passes into law almost unanimously The Zero Carbon Bill is now law, passing earlier this month with support from every party except ACT. It sets into law two specific targets that are designed to keep New Zealand on track to meet the Paris Agreement. Animal methane emissions must be 24-47 per cent lower by 2050, and all other greenhouse gas emissions must be at net zero. There will be carbon 'budgets' set every five years, and animal methane must drop 10 per cent by 2030. Nelson bushfires and West Coast floods provide a real-time warning A scorching summer served as a real-time warning of the potential impact of climate change. Tinder-dry Nelson was on the back end of months-long drought when a small stone sparked off a piece of metal farming equipment and turned into New Zealand's largest fire in over 60 years. Three thousand residents were evacuated from Wakefield and the surrounding areas. It took one month for the fires to officially be declared ""controlled"". Less than two months later, chaotic weather hit again. Torrential rain struck the West Coast in late March, causing devastating floods. The Waiho bridge was washed away, cutting off the town of Franz Josef. Residents were forced to evacuate as rivers burst their banks, and an old landfill was unearthed, sending tonnes of rubbish hurtling into the ocean. Strike for climate becomes largest ever protest There was a clear sense of a tide turning in 2019 as nationwide climate strikes picked up steam and grew into the largest protest in New Zealand history. The School Strike 4 Climate movement, inspired by Swedish activist Greta Thunberg, held two protests, on March 15 and May 24, each drawing tens of thousands of attendees around the country. The third strike, on September 2, was tied into the Global Week for Future movement organisers encourages a wider audience to attend. The total attendance was estimated at 170,000 people, including 80,000 in Auckland. At 3.5 per cent of the country, it was the largest turnout per capita of any major country and the largest single protest in New Zealand history. Greta Thunberg condemns leaders in UN speech In probably the most talked about climate change moment of the year, teenage activist Greta Thunberg gave a striking address at the UN climate change summit, admonishing leaders for letting down young people with a lack of action. Thunberg, who sailed to New York for the event, predicted the summit would not produce any substantive changes towards preventing climate breakdown. ""The eyes of all future generations are upon you, she said. ""And if you choose to fail us I say we will never forgive you. We will not let you get away with this. Right here, right now is where we draw the line."" Reports on seas and land predict dangerous future for New Zealand Two further IPCC reports this year contained serious implications for New Zealand. The first report, Climate Change and Land, warned that food production would be seriously impacted by a future with over 2C of warming, leading to hundreds of thousands starving and millions of climate refugees to countries like New Zealand. The second, Oceans and Cryosphere in a Changing Climate, warned that rising seas and more aggressive floods and storms would put increasing pressure on the sea walls which protect many New Zealand cities and towns. COP24 summit locks in details of Paris agreement Two weeks of tense talks between 23,000 delegates hashed out the rules of the Paris agreement. They nailed down exactly how governments will measure their emissions-cutting and how they will prove they are doing what they say. That's important because it levels the playing field and stops certain countries from fudging the numbers. Some impact of the conference was watered down by four oil-producing nations: the US, Russia, Saudi Arabia and Kuwait, who insisted on changing the wording of a resolution from ""welcoming"" the findings of the IPCC report, to merely ""noting"" them. WHAT'S IN STORE FOR 2020: National pledges due at UN Summit The 2020 UN Climate Change Conference is considered to be possibly the most important since 2015, when the Paris agreement was signed. By the summit, all countries must have submitted new national pledges for emissions-cutting that would keep climate change within 1.5C. Presidential Election could decide future of US involvement Polls indicate US voters care more about climate change than ever, and the contrast of the candidate's views are most stark than ever. Incumbent President Donald Trump publicly dismisses climate change as a hoax and withdrew the US from the Paris Agreement. Every major Democratic candidate has committed to re-joining the agreement. New Zealand general election could adjust ambitions of climate targets A few major changes to New Zealand's climate change policy could be decided by the next general election. The National Party supported the Climate Zero Bill through all three readings, but have said they will remove the methane emissions target if elected in 2020. It's also speculated that if Labour and the Greens are able to govern alone without the support of NZ First, they may look to pass more ambitious targets."
699	4	"""This is a computer science major,"" Petersen Boring said.Petersen Boring, an associate professor of history, religious studies, women & gender studies at Willamette University in Oregon, has been teaching about climate change for a little over a decade. In that short time, she has watched her students' fear, grief, stress and anxiety grow.""Back in 2007, it was the mouse in the room; then, it became the elephant in the room. By 2016, those concerns and fears began to flood over,"" Petersen Boring said. Her students aren't alone. Polls show that many more Americans worry about global warming. There's no clinical definition, but climate anxiety and grief or solastalgia -- ""the distress that is produced by environmental change impacting on people while they are directly connected to their home environment"" -- has become such a concern that the American Psychological Association created a 69-page climate-change guide to help mental health care providers. There are support networks like Good Grief in Salt Lake City, created to help people build resilience while discussing ""eco-anxiety,"" despair and inaction on the environment.There's even a growing number of organizations of people promising not to have children ""due to the severity of the ecological crisis and the current inaction of governing forces in the face if this existential threat,"" as a group called BirthStrike puts it. Who can blame them? This year's climate change headlines are depressing on a good day, terrifying at worst:""One million species threatened with extinction because of humans""""250,000 deaths a year from climate change is a 'conservative estimate,' research says"" ""CO2 levels at highest for 3 million years""Climate change linked to greenhouse gas emissions has created record high temperatures and more extreme storms, droughts and wildfires. Those climate change-related natural disasters have had a profound negative impact on the mental health of survivors of these extreme events, according to the United Nations. Suicides have increased, as have depression, anxiety, stress, grief, anger and PTSD.Even for people who aren't directly affected by natural disasters, climate change is causing measurable mental distress. Higher temperatures alone have led to more suicides and increased psychiatric hospitalization and have hurt our sleep, which can also also harm mental health. These problems will get worse as the temperature continues to rise, research shows. It's going to take an enormous global effort to keep the planet from that catastrophic point. Yet the Trump administration has buried government reports on climate change. Trump pushes for ""American energy dominance,"" developing initiatives that reward greenhouse gas-producing industries. This lack of political will is compounding some people's anxiety, experts say. ""With the Trump election, the change in my students, the sense of grief and fear and paralysis in the room, became palpable,"" Petersen Boring said. Paralysis caused by fear is a real problem, said Susan Clayton, one of the lead authors of the American Psychological Association guide. ""The psychological responses to climate change such as conflict avoidance, fatalism, fear, helplessness and resignation are growing,"" said Clayton, a psychology professor at the College of Wooster. ""These responses are keeping us, and our nation, from properly addressing the core causes of and solutions for our changing climate and from building and supporting psychological resiliency.""It makes sense and there is a ""straightforward therapeutic response to this,"" Clayton said.Penn State psychology Professor Janet Swim, who has authored several publications about psychology and climate change, puts it this way: ""Anxiety is something people feel more and more when they get closer to an anti-goal, meaning a negative result, like the destruction of the planet.""People who are anxious tend to be avoidant, or they shut down and don't engage. To ease this feeling of anxiety, turn it around. ""Instead of focusing on the fear, you should instead focus on what you want to do,"" Swim said. ""If you get closer and closer to a solution, you can feel more pride and there is hope.""   If you struggle with anxiety about climate change, take a note from people who remain resilient even when the world looks bleak. Typically, they have a strong sense of self and a good support network, Clayton said, and they find ways to take action be it big or small, action eases anxiety and it matters. ""We can't just all curl up in a ball and wait for the end of the world,"" Clayton said.Find a group working on climate change and join it. ""You don't have to be the one standing out there with a protest sign,"" Swim said. That may work for extroverts, but for the introverts or those people who don't like to march, you can also get a group together to write your representatives and ask them to act. Movements also need people to coordinate activities or to help nurture those who are on the front lines. ""Feeling connected to people and knowing you can count on them matters,"" Clayton said. Personal action can give you a sense of purpose and meaning and make you feel less helpless. If you don't like to protest, find other groups that raise awareness or work to fight climate change. Join an urban cleanup or participate in a walk or ride focused on climate change. Swim is about to help lead Pennsylvania Interfaith Power & Light's 200 mile bike ride through Pennsylvania to Washington, DC. Many in the group will lobby congress at the end of the ride, but all along the five day trip they will stop to talk to people all along the way at faith communities, at a homeless shelter, and a variety of other locations to talk about climate change. That action raises awareness, but just being involved in something makes you aware of efforts you may not otherwise know about.Look for smaller local policy initiatives. You can encourage your local leaders to back programs like setting goals to cut your city's emissions or by encouraging your city to purchase more electric vehicles and alternative fuel busses. Advocate for more green space and parks in your neighborhood. Sign up for a home energy visit. Like the one they have in Boston to find out how you can lower your own carbon emissions. Or do you own energy audit to figure out areas where you are losing energy, or where your home could be more efficient. Adopt a plant-based diet. It's good for the environment and can cut greenhouse gas emissions. If you can't give up your burger, try meatless Mondays.Cut down your carbon emissions. Walk or bike to work instead of driving.Reuse what you can. Bring reusable bags to the grocery store to cut down on plastic, bring a reusable mug to your favorite coffee shop to reduce the number of single-use plastic in your day. Bring silverware you can wash to work, rather than make repeated trips to the plastic utensil drawer.And by all means, stay informed, Clayton said. Don't avoid climate change stories, but don't wallow in misery, either. ""Staying informed is important because it makes it more concrete and less the scary monster under the bed,"" Clayton said. ""A monster under the bed is scary because you don't look at it; finding out about things makes them more manageable.""For Petersen Boring, climate anxiety has changed what she teaches. She used to spend a week of class on sources of hope and talking about students' grief. Now, she's developed two classes to address students' emotional needs, including one that focuses on the inner life of an activist.Learning from activist movements like women's suffrage and civil rights, she tells students that they need to nurture their inner lives. To stay engaged, to keep buoyant and joyful, she says, one must acknowledge pain and loss and danger and keep the core values of courage, flexibility, resilience and compassion. ""So many adults tell young people that 'this is your problem,' but I avoid that approach,"" she said. She doesn't want fear to paralyze them. ""Instead, I tell them this is our collective work to do."""
706	4	Climate change is a key risk to the financial stability of the New Zealand economy, Reserve Bank governor Adrian Orr says. Orr spoke at the Pacific Ocean Pacific Climate Conference on Wednesday. He said there was a need for transformational change and a collective and urgent response to climate risks. “There is a lot to do and we are late in leaving port. Climate change is a risk that requires a collective response. Grounding a response in our collective knowledge, data and expertise will strengthen and compound the effects of our actions.” READ MORE: * Companies will report climate risk, but they need more certainty from politicians * Adrian Orr: Robust economies with strong primary industries stand to fare much better than the rest post-Covid * Adrian Orr puts everything on the table to shore up battered economy  He said assessing risks to banks and insurers, and the financial system as a whole, was the Reserve Bank’s core business and climate risk would sit within that. That would include the effect of drought and rising sea levels on the value of houses and farms. “There are also risks associated with the transition to a low carbon economy, such as changing investor appetite and consumer demand. “New Zealand being a small island nation with an agricultural-based economy means we will be impacted differently than others. And thus, we must keep our preparations in tune with our environment and resources for our economy to prosper.” He said that while climate change posed a direct challenge to financial stability, the risks were difficult to identify, price, allocate and manage with accuracy. “We will never have perfect information on the risks of climate change but we do know that climate change holds far-reaching implications for New Zealand’s financial system. The environment and the economy are interdependent.” Orr welcomed developments towards mandatory climate-related financial disclosures. “Ultimately, disclosure by our companies in New Zealand under a commonly adopted framework will support a shift to smarter investment in a low-emissions economy.” The Reserve Bank developed a climate change strategy in 2018 to integrate climate considerations across its work. It is now reporting on its own carbon footprint and is building its capability to understand climate change risks in the sectors it regulates as well as integrating it more extensively into its supervisory approach.
124	1	"New South Wales One Nation leader Mark Latham says teachers are “full of fads” and should “get back to the basics of learning” to give young people “a chance in life”. “No one gets a job for protesting,"" Mr Latham said. ""These teachers encouraging this madness can only be condemned.""He told Sky News “there’s a madness in the air” and students protesting on Friday as part of a global strike are on “the pathway to end up like every other lefty – a no-hoper with no prospects in life”. Image: News Corp Australia"
15	3	"The Nelson-Tasman region just sweltered through one of its most brutally dry summers on record, which created conditions for a major bush fire. Photo / FileScience Reporter, NZ HeraldNew Zealand again just experienced one of its warmest summers on record, meteorologists will announce this week.It will sit within our top five hottest summers in more than a century of records – the figures are being finalised by Niwa scientists – and more unusually warm weather is predicted for the months ahead.The summer of 2018-19 might be best remembered for a week-long heatwave that set new maximum temperature records in Hamilton (32.9C) and Wellington (30.3C), or for baking the Nelson region, where a massive bushfire raged amid a 40-day dry spell.Yet it followed what was the second-equal hottest year on record, and the hottest summer on record, which included the hottest month on record, and a record marine heatwave.On top of that, four of the past six years have been our warmest on the books.Globally, the past five years have been the hottest of the post-industrial age.While meteorologists are sensibly reluctant to blame any single weather event on climate change, the background picture is incontrovertibly one of warming.That's raised a troubling question that researchers have just explored in a new study: are we at risk of normalising extreme weather at a time we should be most worried about it?That research, just published by US scientists, indicates that people have short memories when it comes to what they consider ""normal"" weather.On average, people base their idea of normal weather on what has happened in just the past two to eight years.This disconnect with the historical climate record may obscure the public's perception of climate change, the researchers say.""There's a risk that we'll quickly normalise conditions we don't want to normalise,"" explained the study's lead author, Frances Moore, an assistant professor at the University of California at Davis.""We are experiencing conditions that are historically extreme, but they might not feel particularly unusual if we tend to forget what happened more than about five years ago.""To reach their conclusions, the researchers quantified a timeless and universal pastime — talking about the weather — by analysing posts on Twitter.They sampled 2.18 billion geolocated tweets created between March 2014 and November 2016 to determine what kind of temperatures generated the most posts about weather.They found that people often tweet when temperatures are unusual for a particular place and time of year — a particularly warm March or unexpectedly freezing winter, for example.However, if the same weather persisted year after year, it generated less comment on Twitter, indicating that people began to view it as normal in a relatively short amount of time.This phenomenon, the authors noted, was a classic case of the boiling-frog metaphor.A frog jumps into a pot of boiling hot water and immediately hops out.If, instead, the frog in the pot is slowly warmed to a boiling temperature, it doesn't hop out and is eventually cooked.While scientifically inaccurate, this metaphor has long been used as a cautionary tale warning against normalising the steadily changing conditions caused by climate change.Sentiment analysis tools, which measure the positive or negative association of words, provided evidence for this ""boiling-frog effect.""After repeat exposures to historically extreme temperatures, people tweeted less about the weather specifically, but they still expressed negative sentiments overall.Particularly cold or hot conditions still seemed to make people unhappy and grumpy.""We saw that extreme temperatures still make people miserable, but they stop talking about it,"" Moore said.""This is a true boiling-frog effect. People seem to be getting used to changes they'd prefer to avoid.""But just because they're not talking about it doesn't mean it's not making them worse off.""Victoria University psychology professor Marc Wilson said although the study focused just on tweets out of the US, he assumed the picture wouldn't be much different here.Studies now show New Zealanders are increasingly accepting climate change as happening and caused by man-made activities.One recent survey suggested the majority of us now expect to see frequent and extreme storms, more droughts, inundated coastlines from sea level rise and extinctions of plant and animal species.But concerningly, few New Zealanders thought the world would be able to do what's needed to escape the worst impacts.""One question I'd have is whether the findings, as reported in this new paper, mean there's a problem,"" Wilson said.""How does the pattern reported reflect in people's actual behaviour?""By that, I mean that record breaking-related apathy is a problem if it means that people are less likely to act to change their behaviour in ways that are consistent with climate change mitigation strategies. That would be a problem.""And more so now than ever.A United Nations report released last year, running to hundreds of pages of fresh scientific data and findings, showed the world was quickly running out of time to make a difference.Stopping global warming from rising past 1.5C – as it was tracking to at some point between 2030 and 2052 – would spare up to 10 million people, not to mention tens of thousands of species, some of the worst impacts that a 2C scenario would.Turning around the oil tanker that is the world's emissions would demand ""unprecedented effort"". We'd need to halve what we currently pump into the atmosphere -  within just 12 years.Climate scientist Professor Jim Salinger, however, doesn't think New Zealanders will be exposed to climate apathy as much as other countries.""Everyone talks about the weather in New Zealand - because it is interesting and very changeable.""And we are very open to extreme events such as extreme storms, floods, droughts and heatwaves.""But as a country based on rural industries we are more strongly connected with the land than those large urban societies.""Farmers keep good records so, as such, recognise the magnitude of any extreme. So, in my opinion we are less prone to such apathy.""But if a normalisation effect was taking place, how could that be countered?Victoria University climate scientist Professor James Renwick said this was a tough question.""Maybe we need to remind people of exceptional or memorable events from the past, and point out that recent extremes are different,"" he said.""I think this would work for big cold events or heavy snow. I have noticed that the string of fairly mild winters we've had over several years makes us all vulnerable to thinking the world has ended when a genuine cold snap comes through.""Salinger thought it was useful to highlight the impacts that came with climate extremes.""Last summer was a case in point: the unprecedented heatwave of 2017/18 saw Queensland groper, 3000km out of range in Northland, snapper in Fiordland and the greatest ice loss in the Southern Alps that had been measured, at least in the last six decades.""Wilson highlighted strategies that Dr David Holmes, director of the Climate Change Communication Research Hub at Australia's Monash University, shared at a New Zealand psychology society conference last year.""One initiative that they championed was to contact a lot of the TV weather anchors around Australia and encourage them and their broadcasters to include trend information when they present the weather,"" he said.""What this does is to provide people with an 'objective' indicator of any trends so that people aren't making a subjective comparison against a personal baseline.""I think this would be a fantastic thing to have happen here in New Zealand.""The other factor to consider was that, for some, climate change was a grand conspiracy somehow cooked up the overwhelming majority of the world's climate scientists and scientific academies.In spite of the science, Wilson noted that climate change remained a political issue for many people.""Research here, and elsewhere, shows that people have a vested interest in seeing themselves as rational and credible participants in what's going on around them, and this sometimes means we are very good at rationalising our experience to be consistent with what we already believe.""He referenced a well-known study led by New York University's Professor John Jost that involved asking people to estimate the ambient temperature during summer, as well as a little about their political beliefs.It found that people who shared aspects of the psychological profile of a climate sceptic estimated that the weather was cooler than do those who agreed climate change was reality.""Indeed, political identification is one of the strongest predictors of climate change belief both here and internationally."""
883	4	Climate change was on the ballot in cities and states across the United States last week. The results disappointed people who had hoped that in some states, at least, Americans were ready to tackle global warming. Of the high-profile initiatives aimed at weaning the nation off fossil fuels, a majority failed to pass. Some observers concluded that “voters still shrug” about climate change, or, more starkly, “the climate lost.”Losses included a carbon tax initiative in Washington state, a renewable energy mandate in Arizona and new fracking restrictions in Colorado. All this suggests that it’s hard to persuade people to pay to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. This isn’t surprising. Even in left-leaning states, Americans rank climate change as a low priority, compared to many other public issues. What’s more, electric utilities and the oil and gas industry spent heavily to defeat the measures, which, research shows, often reduces the likelihood that such measures will pass.But another set of ballot measures related to climate change has received less attention. While voters rejected major efforts to slow the advance of climate change, they mostly supported measures to adapt to climate change impacts.Investing in slowing climate change is different from investing in adapting to climate change.The politics of adapting to climate change are different from the politics of limiting the magnitude of climate change.State and local efforts to mitigate climate change by reducing greenhouse gas emissions impose costs that are concentrated and immediate, but offer benefits that are spread across the globe and may never be visible.But when a community invests in adapting to climate change, those taxpayers benefit more directly, in two ways. First, investing in adaptation can help the community endure and survive natural disasters and other climate change effects — both boosting the local economy and keeping people safe. For instance, improved wastewater infrastructure along the coast reduces the nuisance and public health risk of being exposed to raw sewage in the case of flooding from storm events and sea level rise. And it also puts people to work.Second, adaptation efforts may offer value for a community whether or not the climate changes. For instance, a city might invest in green spaces to reduce flooding — resulting in more parks, lower urban temperatures, and other human health benefits. As a result, advocates for these policies don’t have to argue about whether humans have changed the climate, which is an ideological minefield that makes climate politics challenging.Still, for a variety of reasons, Americans have been slow to invest in the infrastructure that will protect against climate-related risks. Research shows that while many communities are starting to plan for adaptation, funding these efforts remains a challenge.A few initiatives to adapt to climate change passed.The midterm elections changed that, if only slightly. In two New England states, voters approved bonds for clean water infrastructure. Maine and Rhode Island are targeting funds toward improving the performance of wastewater and storm-water systems when there’s flooding, and Rhode Island will set aside money to improve the resiliency of vulnerable coastal habitats.In California, two local measures won the necessary two-thirds support for major investments in protective infrastructure. San Franciscans approved a $425 million bond to rebuild the Embarcadero sea wall, which will help protect the city as sea levels rise. Los Angeles County voters adopted a new parcel tax on paved surfaces, which will pay for storm water improvements to reduce pollution and capture more storm water to boost the region’s fragile water supply. Supporters had abandoned a similar measure in 2013 when it met strong opposition.And in Houston, which recently had a disastrous hurricane, 75 percent of voters reapproved a fund to pay for drainage projects and street repairs.Virginia passed the most controversial adaptation measure: a constitutional amendment allowing local governments to cut taxes on flood-prone properties if homeowners make investments that reduce the home’s flood risk. It’s controversial because of how it handles one of the most difficult tensions in adaptation policy: the tension between encouraging relocation away from climate-related risks and maintaining local tax bases to protect those who remain.It’s a start.These votes didn’t signal that Americans are fully ready to pay the costs of adapting to climate change. Many measures were not framed in climate change language at all. And voters approved public spending for other types of infrastructure as well — for example, passing the majority of transportation ballot measures that appeared before them.But given the stream of news articles noting that greenhouse-gas-reduction measures failed, it’s worth noting a quiet signal that Americans are beginning, at least, to recognize that we need to protect ourselves from climate change’s effects.Read The Monkey Cage’s climate change posts. Megan Mullin is associate professor of environmental politics and political science at Duke University. Follow her on Twitter @mullinmeg.
474	5	"It’s that time of the year when climate negotiators have come together in an attempt to solve the climate crisis. This time in the German city of Bonn for a round of talks that pave the way for the December COP25 climate conference in Chile. One thing delegates are talking about is the role of business in tackling rising global temperatures.""Climate change is everyone's business and business needs to be a part of the solution,""  Majda Dabaghi, director of inclusive and green growth for the International Chamber of Commerce, the world's largest business organization told DW.Experts agree that the corporate sector has a vital role to play in reaching the 1.5 C goal as called for in the  2018 IPCC report — and some companies are ready to act.Swedish furniture giant, IKEA, has promised to switch to 100% renewable electricity by 2020 and the world's largest container shipping company, Maersk, has pledged to replace fossil fuels with alternative sources such as biofuels in order to achieve  net zero carbon emissions by 2050. Climate change, everyone's businessFor companies that are serious about their contribution to fighting climate change, the Science-Based Targets initiative (SBTi), offers guidelines that help them assess their carbon footprint, and evaluate whether their commitments are in line with a below 2 C or a 1.5 C scenario. Established in 2014 by the World Resources Institute (WRI) and a number of other organizations, the SBTi has already approved the targets for 220 companies. More than 300 more have committed to setting goals.  This isn't only good for the planet, says Yamide Dagnet, head of climate negotiations projects at the WRI, but for the companies themselves.""By engaging in reducing your carbon footprint, especially when you look at energy efficiency, you're going to save money that you can reinvest in innovation for instance, or marketing,"" Dagnet told DW. The business sector can also help fill the green financing gap, because as Dabaghi explained, ""governments can't fund all of the investments that need to be made in order for us to achieve the goals of the Paris Agreement.""But they can, and must, she added, implement policies to lower the risk of investing in sustainable development, and in so doing, incentivize business.Dagnet talks in terms of ambition loops, in which companies should be encouraging countries to increase their climate action and vice versa. Also known as positive feedback loops, they describe a scenario in which companies can increase green investment and set ambitious climate targets to signal their support of bolder government policy. Governments, in turn, can enable businesses to take further action through strong policies and clear timelines.Business leading the wayIn reality, however, Dagnet says it sometimes ""feels like the political will from the government is falling behind the vision and readiness of some companies."" Of those 220 companies with targets already approved by the SBTi, 44 are Japanese — as compared to Germany's seven. While that implies a level of corporate commitment, Japan's climate pledges are not consistent with the 1.5 C limit. In the 2019 Climate Change Performance Index, which assesses what 56 countries are doing to fight climate change, Japan ranked 49.That said, none of the countries assessed achieved a ""very high"" ranking.Dabaghi says the ICC is working to mobilize businesses around the world to collectively tell governments ""we need to raise ambition and we are here to support you in raising that ambition.""Together with a broad coalition of businesses, civil society and UN leaders, the ICC has signed an open letter for the private sector to increase its contribution to reducing greenhouse gas emissions and prevent global temperatures from soaring.Fossil fuel companies: a tough nutThough hundreds of companies around the world are already working to reduce their carbon footprints by moving to renewables, cutting back on waste or supporting sustainably-grown products, not every sector is moving at the same pace. Activists have long accused big oil and gas companies of making little or no effort to clean up their operations. Citing recent research, Sriram Madhusoodanan, deputy campaigns director for NGO Corporate Accountability, says some major fossil fuel corporations such as Shell and Exxon have invested over a billion dollars on misleading climate-related branding and lobbying.""We're certainly seeing a lot of talk,"" he told DW. ""You could even say greenwashing.""Dagnet agrees that convincing fossil fuel companies to align with a 1.5 degree target will not be an easy exercise. That said, she regards having the conversation as progress.""We believe in the power of supply chain,"" she said. ""If companies like Shell have clients that demand them to do things differently, they'll have to react and adapt.""But that's not enough for Madhusoodanan, who says oil and gas companies have known climate change is caused by the burning of fossil fuels ""for decades longer"" than he has been alive.  They are also the ones, he says, who ""have actively fueled and intensified the crisis both through their operations as well as through their obstruction of meaningful climate policy at the UNFCCC and at a national level.""Dabaghi, however, believes everyone should have a say in the climate talks, including high emitting sectors. ""An inclusive and constructive dialogue will only help to accelerate climate action,"" she said."
630	3	Australia's biggest banks and insurance companies will face a 'stress test' on climate change.The Reserve bank and prudential regulator are gearing up to test businesses readiness to shift to low carbon economy.
412	3	"        UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon (right) greets Jim Yong Kim, President of the World Bank Group, as Al Gore, former vice president of the United States, looks on during welcome reception for the Climate Action 2016 summit on May 5, 2016.  (Credit: UN Photo/Eskinder Debebe) The Portland Public Schools board voted last week to ban any materials that cast doubt on climate change, the Portland Tribune reported.According to the resolution passed May 17, the school district must remove any textbooks and other materials that suggest climate change is not occurring or that says human beings are not responsible for it.“A lot of the text materials are kind of thick with the language of doubt, and obviously the science says otherwise,” said Bill Bigelow, a former Portland public school teacher who worked to present the resolution. Bigelow says textbook publishers are yielding to pressure from fossil fuels companies. “We don’t want kids in Portland learning material courtesy of the fossil fuel industry.”One commenter to the Portland Tribune story responded to the news, saying, “I have never seen a case for homeschooling more clearly put forward. This is further proof that public schools are not interested in education, only political indoctrination.”A petition, meanwhile, circulated by the Oregon Institute of Science and Medicine (OISM) currently lists nearly 32,000 signers, including 9,000 Ph.D.s, who say, “there is no convincing scientific evidence that human release of carbon dioxide, methane, or other greenhouse gasses is causing or will, in the foreseeable future, cause catastrophic heating of the Earth's atmosphere and disruption of the Earth's climate. Moreover, there is substantial scientific evidence that increases in atmospheric carbon dioxide produce many beneficial effects upon the natural plant and animal environments of the Earth.”Still, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency says addressing the issue of global warming will help to improve public health, according to U.S. News & World Report.""I don't want people to think that EPA is just about big rules, or that climate change is just about polar bears,"" EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy said. ""It really is about direct public health issues like asthma and kids, like cardiovascular and pulmonary disease associated with air pollution.""The Portland decision comes weeks after Yale University announced its climate change program will close at the end of June.The shuttering follows three consecutive years of budget cuts for the program, which was established eight years ago to conduct climate change research. The impending closure was announced in an email from the institute’s co-directors, geology and geophysics professors David Bercovici and Jay Ague, and reported by the Yale Daily News.“While not all good things have to come to an end, sometimes they just do,” the email dated May 2 said."
97	5	The Duke of Cambridge has said humanity needs to 'fundamentally reset our relationship with nature and our trajectory as a species' to avoid climate disaster.In a video message played at a gala for US-based charity Conservation International, Prince William said the next decade would be 'one of our greatest ever tests'.He warned the most vulnerable people around the world, 'and those who have done the least to cause climate change', would be impacted the most.William urged those present to take their lead from the millions of young people who are booking for solutions to the problem.'All of us, across all sectors of society, and in every corner of the globe, must come together to fundamentally reset our relationship with nature and our trajectory as a species,' he said.'I truly believe that humans have an extraordinary capacity to set goals and strive to achieve them.'William added: 'The remarkable development of the Covid-19 vaccine in record time is a case in point.'In October last year, the duke launched the Earthshot Prize to help those coming up with solutions to climate change scale up their ideas.“Rather than a Moonshot 🌕, we need Earthshots 🌍 for this decade.”Watch Prince William’s @Tedtalks talk in full: https://t.co/pgoXB1XDf7@TedCountdown @EarthshotPrize pic.twitter.com/QNjzUHqpTVThe prize's has five goals for the next decade – protect and restore nature, fight air pollution, revive the oceans, build a waste-free world and fix the climate.The duke told attendees: 'We want to find the brightest minds and boldest ideas that will help us to achieve these Earthshots.'But it will require our collective energy, determination, and optimism to get there.'The Duke of Cambridge says humanity needs to `fundamentally reset´ its relationship with nature He added: 'Together we must unite every business, every community, every government and every person around our common goal to repair the earth.'William said he hoped people over the world regardless of background or beliefs could 'join this shared optimism for the future and conviction that change is truly possible'.'Together, I'm confident that we can begin to heal our planet, protect nature, and improve lives for billions of people, today and for generations to come,' he said.At the start of this year, The Prince of Wales called on business leaders across the world to invest in green issues and sustainability as he launched a £7.3billion recovery plan to right a string of 'broken promises' over the environment.Marking 50 years since he first began campaigning on green issues, Charles unveiled his 'Terra Carta', a pioneering multi-national agreement between some of the biggest firms in the world to put sustainability at the heart of the global post-pandemic recovery.  Charles urged business leaders to support his Earth Charter and 'bring prosperity into harmony with nature, people and planet' over the next decade. He told delegate at the One Planet Summit in Paris: 'I am making an urgent appeal to leaders, from all sectors and from around the world, to give their support to this Terra Carta, to bring prosperity into harmony with nature, people and planet over the coming decade.' Prince Charles told the summit in January: 'The current pandemic exemplifies the devastating impact global threats can pose to human and economic wellbeing – after all, nature is central to all aspects of our existence; from the air we breathe, our nourishment and shelter, to out spiritual, cultural and recreational wellbeing.'The interdependence between human health and planetary health has never been more clear. For so many of the problems we face, nature - with the benefit of billions of years of evolution - has already provided us with the solutions.'As we urgently seek to rescue the situation we must now look to invest in natural capital as the engine of our economy.'With growing interest in natural capital as an investment theme, the financial sector has come to see that natural capital can come to play a decisive role in addressing climate change as well as supporting the sustainable development goals.'Integration of biodiversity, related risks and opportunities into the finance sector is already underway.'We also need to think holistically about land, food, and health systems. Climate change, land use change, food production and human health are all deeply interconnected.'Regenerative agriculture, including practices such as organic and no-till farming, to restoring soil fertility or using silvopastural or agroforestry systems, could enable agriculture to become a net carbon sync - rolling climate change backwards profitably as it revitalises rural communities and enhances human health.'As we look towards the United Nations biodiversity conference in China later this year, the Great Green Wall has the potential to serve as an example of large scale natural capital investment in critical areas such as wider Africa, the Amazon, small island states and the Great Barrier Reef. 'It can also be instrumental not only in bringing together Commonwealth countries ..but around landscape restoration in Africa in particular.'This is why I am so grateful to all of you here today for taking an interest in natural capital and the Great Green Wall initiative.'It is also why have created a natural capital investors alliance targeting $10bn in investment by 2022 to help us arrive at a common language on natural capital investment so that we can start putting money to work and improve the flow of capital.' Charles called on world leaders to give their support to the 'Terra Carta' – a new initiative providing the basis of a sustainable recovery plan for Nature, People and Planet at the heart of global value creation. The Terra Carta (Earth Charter), 'provides a roadmap to 2030 for businesses to move towards an ambitious and sustainable future; one that will harness the power of Nature combined with the transformative power, innovation and resources of the private sector.'Devising its name from the historic Magna Carta, the Terra Carta aims to 'reunite people and planet, by giving fundamental rights and value to Nature, ensuring a lasting impact and tangible legacy for this generation.'The Terra Carta statement of intent is as follows: 1. The Terra Carta will serve as the guiding mandate for HRH The Prince of Wales's Sustainable Markets Initiative (SMI). 2. The Terra Carta aims to provide an integrated roadmap towards an inspiring, inclusive, equitable, prosperous and sustainable future for the sake of present and future generations; one that will harness the power of Nature combined with the transformative power, innovation and resources ofthe private sector. 3. The aims of the Terra Carta will be met by: i. Furthering, and where possible exceeding, the goals and targets outlined in the Paris Climate Agreement, the Sustainable Development Goals, the Convention on Biological Diversity, the Convention to Combat Desertification and the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea. ii. Broadening the definition of sustainability, beyond simply net zero transition, to be inclusive of Nature, People, Planet, Equality and Prosperity. iii. Supporting the protection and restoration of a minimum of 30% of biodiversity, on land and below water, by 2030 and 50% by 2050. iv. Making global investment and financial flows consistent with a pathway towards low greenhouse gas emissions, climate-resilient development and Natural Capital/biodiversity restoration (on land and below water). v. Encouraging coordination, cooperation and cohesion within corporate and public-private-philanthropic domains. vi. Leveraging consumer and shareholder demand to drive sustainable transition and investment within the private sector. 4. The Terra Carta recognizes that each industry, business and investor needs to chart its own course to a more profitable and sustainable future, and that global, regional, local and industry variance exists. With the sustainable direction increasingly clear, the Terra Carta aims to encourage and provide a voluntary framework for each actor to accelerate along their respective transition journeys. 5. In targeting a global private sector and a diverse multi-industry audience, it is recognized that actions outlined by the Terra Carta will not apply equally to all. At the same time, to reach a sustainable future, the systems-level shift required relies on the leadership, resources and interdependence of diverse global, regional and local actors.With this multiplicity of actors, pulling in the same direction is critical. 6. The Terra Carta recognizes that no one action, industry or actor is, in itself, sufficientto solve the climate and biodiversity crisis. A multitude of actions, initiatives and investments are necessary. The more coordinated, aligned and mutually reinforcing these efforts are,the higher the likelihood of success. 7. The Terra Carta will be open to affirmation from any CEO, or equivalent, in any sector, that wishes to support the private sector's role in helping to build an inspiring, inclusive, equitable, prosperous and sustainable future. In 2021, COP15 (biodiversity) and COP26 (climate) will be critical milestones to demonstrate private sector commitment and action.
973	4	"A new approach to making jet fuel from food waste has the potential to massively reduce carbon emissions from flying, scientists say.Currently, most of the food scraps that are used for energy around the world are converted into methane gas.But researchers in the US have found a way of turning this waste into a type of paraffin that works in jet engines.The authors of the new study say the fuel cuts greenhouse gas emissions by 165% compared to fossil energy.This figure comes from the reduction in carbon emitted from airplanes plus the emissions that are avoided when food waste is diverted from landfill.The aviation industry worldwide is facing some difficult decisions about how to combine increased demand for flying with the need to rapidly cut emissions from the sector.In the US, airlines currently use around 21 billion gallons of jet fuel every year, with demand expected to double by the middle of the century. At the same time, they have committed to cutting CO2 by 50%.With the development of battery-powered airplanes for long haul flights a distant prospect at this point, much attention has focussed on replacing existing jet fuel with a sustainable alternative. In fact the UK government has just announced a Â£15m competition to encourage companies to develop jet fuel from household waste products.Current methods of making green jet fuel are based on a similar approach to making biodiesel for cars and heavy goods vehicles.It normally requires the use of virgin vegetable oils as well as waste fats, oil and grease to make the synthetic fuel.At present, it is more economical to convert these oils and wastes into diesel as opposed to jet fuel - which requires an extra step in the process, driving up costs. Now, researchers say that they have developed an alternative method able to turn food waste, animal manure and waste water into a competitive jet hydrocarbon.Much of this material, termed wet-waste, is at present is turned into methane gas. However, the authors found a way of interrupting this process so it produced volatile fatty acids (VFA) instead of CH4. The researchers were then able to use a form of catalytic conversion to upgrade the VFA to two different forms of sustainable paraffin.When the two forms were combined they were able to blend 70% of the mixture with regular jet fuel, while still meeting the extremely strict quality criteria that Federal authorities impose on aircraft fuels.""There's exciting jet fuels that rely on burning trash and dry waste but this actually works for those wastes that have high water content, which we normally dispose of in landfill,"" said Derek Vardon, a senior research engineer at the US National Renewable Energy Laboratory and the lead author on the study.""Being able to show that you can take these volatile fatty acids, and that there's a really elegant, simple way to turn it into jet fuel - that's where I see the broader applicability of this one, and folks can continue to develop and refine it.""The new fuel has a potentially significant impact on emissions as it not only limits the CO2 that comes from fossil sources used by the airlines, but it also gets rid of the methane that would bubble up from landfill if the waste food was just dumped. Another major advantage is that this new fuel produces around 34% less soot than current standards. This is important because soot plays a key role in the formation of contrails from airplanes which adds a powerful warming effect to CO2 coming from the engines. ""That's where we see the most potential for this technology is that you're preventing methane emissions, and dramatically lowering the carbon footprint of jet fuel. And you just can't do that with fossil fuels without getting into things like offsets,"" said Derek Vardon.The research team say they are planning to scale up the production of the new fuel and aim to have test flights with Southwest Airlines in 2023.Many environmental groups are sceptical about attempts to develop sustainable aviation fuels, believing that it amounts to green-washing. They argue that people should just fly less. ""Sustainable aviation fuel is not a silver bullet,"" Derek Vardon says. ""So we do want to definitely emphasise that reduction is the most important and most significant change you can make. But there's also pragmatism and need for aviation solutions now, so that's where we want to strike a balance as we need a basket of measures, to really start getting our carbon footprint down in a variety of sectors, including aviation.""The study has been published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS)."
394	5	"France's Total announced Friday it is quitting the API because of the lobby's stances on regulation and carbon pricing as well as its support for politicians who oppose the Paris climate agreement. The move makes Total the first major oil company to leave the API because of the climate crisis.The exit underscores the divide in the oil industry over how to respond to climate change. Top European oil companies including Total and BP have made more aggressive promises to slash carbon emissions and invest in clean energy than ExxonMobil (XOM), Chevron and other US firms.The move also comes amid a broader reckoning in Corporate America over political contributions following the insurrection at the US Capitol.""This is a serious blow for API, whose influence largely stems from its claim to be the voice of the entire oil and gas industry,"" Andrew Logan, director of oil and gas at sustainability nonprofit Ceres, said in a statement. He added the split is ""likely to mark the beginning of an exodus from the trade group.""Founded in 1919, the API now has more than 600 members, including ExxonMobil, Chevron (CVX), ConocoPhillips (COP), BP and Shell.  'Hostile' to climate policyTotal has helped lead the industry response to the climate crisis. Last year, Total announced a goal to get to net-zero emissions by 2050. Importantly, that goal included the so-called scope 3 emissions from the products it sells, namely gasoline, jet fuel and diesel. For major oil-and-gas companies, scope 3 can comprise as much as 85% of total emissions, according to S&P Global Market Intelligence.""We are committed to ensuring, in a transparent manner, that the industry associations of which we are a member adopt positions and messages that are aligned with those of the group in the fight against climate change,"" Patrick Pouyanne, Total's CEO, said in a statement. Total said a ""detailed analysis"" of API's climate positions revealed the lobby is only ""partially aligned"" with the company. Total cited several ""divergences,"" including API's support for rolling back US regulation on methane emissions, which the company opposed in November 2019. Total also noted that API is part of the Transportation Fairness Alliance, which is opposed to providing subsidies for electric vehicles.Additionally, Total said that during the recent elections, API supported candidates who opposed the United States' participation in the Paris climate agreement. President-elect Joe Biden has promised to swiftly return the nation to the accord. Indeed, InfluenceMap, a London-based think tank focused on energy and climate change, said the API ""appears to be broadly hostile to progressive climate policy."" The group gives the API an ""F"" in terms of how aligned its climate policy is to the Paris agreement.API says it wants to work with BidenIn a statement, the API defended its climate record and thanked Total for its membership.""We believe that the world's energy and environmental challenges are large enough that many different approaches are necessary to solve them, and we benefit from a diversity of views,"" an API spokesperson said.The API said it supports the ""ambitions of the Paris Agreement, including global action to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and alleviate poverty around the globe."" Mike Sommers, API's CEO, said during a call with reporters this week that the group wants to work with President-elect Biden and the EPA on reducing methane emissions. ""We're open to the possibility of further regulation in this space,"" Sommers said, adding that the Biden administration should collaborate with the industry to come up with regulation that can ""actually survive judicial scrutiny.""Will BP and Shell follow suit?Edward Collins, director of corporate climate lobbying at InfluenceLobby, said Total's departure will ""place pressure on BP and Shell to seriously examine their own memberships.""Both European oil companies have promised to overhaul their businesses as they transition to low-carbon energy. And they both plan to get to net-zero emissions by 2050.In a statement, BP (BP) said it ""actively"" monitors its membership in trade associations, ""especially those we view as only 'partially aligned' with us on climate-related issues."" ""We remain committed to trying to influence those associations from within,"" BP said, adding that it plans to publish a trade association update in the second quarter.Shell (RDSA) said that it regularly reviews its membership in industry associations, but it signaled no imminent exit from the API.""Specific to climate, API is moving closer to Shell's own stated views,"" a Shell spokesman told CNN Business. ""As a result, we feel it's beneficial to remain a member so that we can continue to advocate for change from within."""
497	3	"What might appear self-evident to many took days of complicated discussions and negotiations at the UN Security Council in New York. But in the end, the 15 member states of the most powerful UN body agreed that a rise in global temperatures could pose a serious threat to world peace.They point out that drought, for example, could lead to conflicts over food and water. Even floods, such as the devastating one last year in Pakistan, or a rise in sea levels could threaten the very survival of island nations. An important step forwardIt was the first time in four years that the Security Council formally debated the environment. And it was the first-ever Council statement - at the insistence of this month's council president, Germany - linking climate change to global peace and security. The final statement expressed ""concern that possible adverse effects of climate change may, in the long run, aggravate certain existing threats to international peace and security.""It also requested UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to include information on possible climate change impacts in his regular reports on global trouble-spots.The statement does not amount to a resolution, rather it reflects a position by this month's council president, German Ambassador Peter Wittig. But it still is a breakthrough because it's the first time that the Security Council has officially admitted the possible security and political dimensions of climate change. The declaration had to be voted on by all the 15 member states. In 2007, a similar initiative under the presidency of Britain failed to get the necessary backing.‘An unholy brew'Whether it's an exodus of refugees, conflicts over water and food or rising sea levels, scientists have long been warning about the possible security risks of climate change.On Wednesday, UN chief Ban Ki-moon too sounded the alarm about the risks associated with rising temperatures. ""Extreme weather events continue to grow more frequent and intense in rich and poor countries alike, not only devastating lives, but also infrastructure, institutions, and budgets - an unholy brew which can create dangerous security vacuums,"" he told a Security Council debate on the issue.Also on Wednesday, the UN declared a famine in parts of war-torn Somalia. It was a sad but effective illustration of the possible links between climate change, drought, food shortages and security.Political wrangling The climate statement in New York was preceded by heated debates and wrangling about the right formulation. There was disagreement whether climate change alone could trigger strife or whether it ""only"" aggravated existing potential for conflict - a view long accepted by the US defense department and other experts.The answer to that may not make a difference to the victims of climate change. But it does to the heavyweights at the negotiating table. The fact that countries such as China and especially Russia tried to prevent the declaration is proof of its significance.China wants to ""leave climate change to the experts"" and would prefer to see it discussed only in connection with sustainable development and not on the agenda of the powerful Security Council. Russia, in particular, tried to block the German-led declaration and keep it out of the Council. ""We believe that involving the Security Council in a regular review of the issue of climate change will not bring any added value whatsoever and will merely lead to further increased politicisation of this issue and increased disagreements between countries,"" Russian envoy Alexander Pankin argued.Security concerns But there's no doubt that climate change will enjoy a higher priority once it moves to the security agenda. In the fight over funds and resources, it would appear to be an advantage if the powerful nations of the world view climate change as a possible threat to world security. The UN Security Council declaration isn't as strong as Germany, the US, European countries and island nations would have liked and UN procedures are notoriously long-winded. But climate change is advancing at a rapid pace and is now gradually making its way to the global stage.The international climate change negotiations seem to have stalled and it's unlikely that a successor to the Kyoto Protocol can be found fast enough to stem climate change before a dangerous level of global warming is reached. The poorest countries are already feeling the impacts of rising temperatures. Most experts agree that it can only be good news for the climate if it makes it to the top of the Security Council's agenda and is given a different priority under mounting global pressure.Author: Irene Quaile (sp)Editor: Rob Mudge "
127	2	Editor-at-Large at the Australian Paul Kelly says “Anthony Albanese’s speech this week was very welcome,” signaling “jobs and wages will be the foundation stone for the Labor rethink”.Mr Kelly told Sky news Labor’s election defeat was “shattering” and it will “take a couple of years to sort themselves out.”Mr Kelly said the opposition leader’s approach to climate change is very different “to the green and extinction rebellion approach of trying to frighten and intimidate people”. Australia can expect to “see quite a lot of difference on the centre-left of politics,” because Mr Albanese “made it clear that climate change will be redefined as an opportunity for jobs and growth,” he said. Image: News Corp Australia
142	4	"Spiked Online Editor Brendan O'Neill says it looks like UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson has ""let the power go to his head"" and has been ""sucked into the conformist political view"", namely on extreme-green climate policy.""Boris used to be quite critical of the excesses of environmentalism and the craziness of some climate change activists and the nonsense of the idea the world is coming to an end,"" he said.""He made some really pertinent criticisms of that kind of miserablist eco-outlook that we've seen growing over the past three decades.""And now that he's in power, he seems to have become this extreme-green and he wants to get to zero carbon and he wants to lecture Australia about winding down its industry.""A press release from 10 Downing Street stated Mr Johnson stressed ""bold action"" was needed to address climate change and the UK's experience demonstrated driving economic growth and reducing emissions could go ""hand-in-hand"".However, a statement from Prime Minister Scott Morrison noted Mr Johnson ""welcomed"" Australia's emissions reduction initiatives and ""strongly endorsed"" the Australian approach."
151	4	ON THE HILLS of central Kenya, almost lime-green with the shimmer of tea bushes in the sunlight, farmers know all about climate change. “The rainy season is not predictable,” says one. “When it is supposed to rain it doesn’t, then it all comes at once.” Climate change is an issue that will affect everyone on the planet. For Africans its consequences will be particularly bitter: whereas other regions were able to grow rich by burning coal and oil, Africa will pay much of the human price without having enjoyed the benefits. “Africa only represents 2% of global greenhouse-gas emissions but it is the continent that is expected to suffer the most from climate impacts,” says Mafalda Duarte, who runs the $8bn Climate Investment Funds, established by the World Bank.Although there are huge uncertainties as to the precise impacts of climate change, with large error bars around temperature forecasts, enough is known to say that global warming represents one of the main threats to Africa’s prosperity. Parts of the continent are already warming much more quickly than the average: temperatures in southern Africa have increased by about twice the global rate over the past 50 years. Even if the world were to cut emissions enough to keep global warming below 1.5°C, heatwaves would intensify in Africa and diseases such as malaria would spread to areas that are not currently affected. Farming would also be hit hard. About 40% of the land now used to grow maize would no longer be suitable for it. Overall, it is estimated that maize yields would fall by 18-22%.Africa is particularly vulnerable, in part because it is already struggling to feed itself and it will have to vastly increase yields and productivity if it is to put food on the plates of a fast-growing population, even without climate change. The UN’s Food and Agriculture Organisation reckons that by 2050 global food production would have to rise by about 70% over its level of 2009 to meet demand from a population that is growing in numbers and appetite. Much of this new demand will be in Africa. Yet the continent already imports about $50bn-worth of food a year and that figure is expected to more than double over the next five years. Self-sufficiency is not Africa’s goal, but the fact that it spends more money importing food than it does buying capital goods suggests it has room for improvement.Finding out why is not hard. Most farms are tiny, tilled by hand and reliant on rain. More than half of Africa’s people make their living from farming. Although its total harvest has climbed over the past few decades, this is mainly because there are more people farming more land. But in many places there is no spare land to farm. Plots in Rwanda are so small (less than two acres) that you could fit 250 of them onto the average American farm. And although output per worker has improved by little more than half over the past 30 years in Africa, that is still far behind the 2.5 times improvement in Asia. Yields of maize, a staple, are generally less than two tonnes per hectare, a fifth the level in America.The low productivity of African farmers is reflected both in national economic statistics—despite absorbing so much labour farming generates just 15% of GDP—as well as in their poverty, which is generally concentrated in rural areas. “They can’t even feed their families,” says Jennifer Blanke, a vice-president of the African Development Bank in charge of agriculture. “[Farm] productivity hasn’t improved in many parts of Africa for 100 years.”One reason is that in the first few decades of independence many African governments neglected farming as they focused on industrialising their economies. Others damaged it by pushing down the prices that state monopolies paid for their crops in order to subsidise workers in cities with cheap food. Ghana taxed cocoa exports so heavily that production collapsed by half between the 1960s and 1980s, despite a jump in the price of cocoa. Yet over the past two decades or so governments and donors have begun to look afresh at farming as a way of providing jobs for the 13m young people entering the workforce each year. Much of the focus has been on getting smallholder farmers to use fertiliser and, more important, better seeds. The results can be impressive. Improved varieties of sorghum, for instance, can produce a crop that is 40% larger than the usual variety. Infrastructure is important. A World Bank irrigation project in Ethiopia helped farmers increase their potato harvest from about 8 tonnes per hectare to 35 tonnes.Better techniques help, too. Smallholder coffee farmers in Kenya are able to increase their incomes by 40% by following a few simple guidelines on caring for their bushes, such as trimming all but three of their stems. Many of their neighbours do not follow the advice, because it seems counter-intuitive. More stems ought to lead to more coffee beans, they say. Yet after seeing those following the advice get bigger harvests for a season or two, many others start doing the same.One way of spreading knowledge is to link farms to big buyers of their harvests. When Diageo, a British drinks giant, built a brewery in Kisumu in western Kenya, it wanted to use local crops to make a beer cheap enough to compete with illicit home-brew. It organised farmers into groups, improved supply chains for them to get seeds and fertiliser and then agreed to buy their grain. It now provides a market to about 17,000 farmers. Across the region it has doubled its use of local raw material to about 80% over five years, says John O’Keeffe, who runs its Africa business.Other industries are also benefiting from technology and capital. Jane Toko, a mother of eight, earned a living for most of her adult life catching fish in Lake Victoria, the world’s third-largest lake. “Long ago the number of fish was high,” she says. “Now they are few.” Dotted along the shore are hundreds of small hamlets, whose residents have fished the lake for generations. This rich source of protein helped the population in the area expand from about 10m in 1960 to more than 40m now, contributing to overfishing. Global warming is also having an impact by reducing the amount of oxygen dissolved in parts of the lake, cutting by 40% the habitat available for fish. Data are sparse but some surveys suggest that the total amount of perch in the lake fell by almost half between 1999 and 2011. Locals say the catch of tilapia, a native freshwater fish that is particularly delicious grilled, has fallen 80%. “There are so many people fishing on the lake, but what comes out is small,” grumbles Maurice Muma, a fish trader.The shrinking fishery has contributed not just to poverty, but also a higher rate of HIV infections by giving fishermen the bargaining power to demand that female traders have sex with them in order to buy their fish. Yet a few kilometres away is part of the solution to the declining catch. Victory Farms, which was founded by two Americans in 2015, has become sub-Saharan Africa’s fastest-growing fish farm. Ponds hold a teeming mass of pregnant fish. Two employees, waist deep in water, sort them and squeeze out the eggs which are hatched in bubbling indoor tanks. Out on the lake floating cages house thousands of growing tilapia. The farm is on track to produce about 10,000 tonnes of fish this year, which is enough to feed about 1m people at Africa’s current rate of fish consumption. The firm hopes to expand to about 60,000 tonnes over the next six years, a figure that would equal more than half of the wild catch in the Kenyan side of the lake. Others are following the example. A recent study by two Kenyan academics found about 4,000 cages in Kenyan waters.An even more important change is the move from traditional farming to building businesses that can profitably bring technology and investment to smallholder farmers. Taita Ngetich, a young Kenyan, was studying engineering when he wanted to earn a little money on the side. He scraped together 20,000 Kenyan shillings (about $200) to plant tomatoes. Everything went wrong. The crop was attacked by pests. “Then there was a massive flood that swallowed all our capital,” he says. Mr Ngetich persevered by looking into buying a greenhouse to protect his plants from bugs and rain. The cheapest ones cost more than $2,500 each. So he designed his own for half the price. Soon neighbouring farmers started placing orders. His firm, Illuminum Greenhouses, has sold more than 1,400 greenhouses that provide livelihoods to about 6,000 people. The business does not stop there. He also supplies fertiliser, high-quality seedlings and smart sensors that increase yields.Illuminum’s success shows how technology can help even small farms be more productive. Because such a large share of Africa’s population earns a living from agriculture, even small improvements in productivity can lift the incomes of millions of people. But over the longer run smallholder farming can go only so far, especially in the face of climate change and population pressure.“If we really want to lift people out of poverty we have to finance projects that will get them an income of at least $100 a month so that they can pay for health care and education,” says Mr Ngetich. “Projects that give them an extra $2 a month from growing beans or maize aren’t going to get them there.” Getting those big jumps will need better jobs in factories and cities. ■Sign up to our fortnightly climate-change newsletter here
869	5	"There is no credible argument against the fact that ongoing use of carbon dioxide-emitting fossil fuels are a danger to the Earth. The data is compelling and has been tabulated by many trusted scientific agencies including the National Academy of Sciences and its international analogue, the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, as well as many others.The shift to greener energy sources is inevitable, as is the need for more energy as the world's population both increases and developing countries join the developed world. But there are still technical issues to be ironed out for some green energy sources. There is disagreement on what constitutes green power. While I personally am in favor of increased nuclear electrical generation, there are those who find Fukushima, Chernobyl and Three Mile Island to be worrisome enough to reject this nuclear energy as ""green."" I admit that there is need for increased safety, but to me, nuclear energy is superior to what we've been doing. And there certainly is enormous power to be extracted from the center of uranium nuclei.But even those people who dismiss nuclear energy will generally agree that green power includes wind, solar and sometimes water waves. However, there is an enormous shortcoming associated with some of these technologies, easily pointed out by anyone, and that is that the sun doesn't shine all day, there are cloudy days, and wind is a chancy thing in many locales.  So how do you store all of that energy for use at night or on a windless day? Quite literally, green technologies need to save energy for a rainy day.One idea is to use excess energy on sunny or windy days to pump water back up into a reservoir, so that during times of energy need, the water in the reservoir can be used to turn turbines. Another option is to convert water into hydrogen and oxygen, which can then be burned when needed, leaving only energy and water as a byproduct. Both of these are promising. However, the most commonly discussed technology is to use batteries to store the energy generated by intermittent green sources of power. And that is a great idea, but to roll out batteries in great quantities, you need to consider practical factors, like cost and the total amount of energy that can be stored.A recent advance by a company located in the Boston area, by the name of Form Energy has potentially devised a technology that could make a big impact on green energy. They are touting their new battery which uses iron and oxygen. This technology will absorb energy and convert rust into iron, releasing oxygen and then, when energy is needed, it will convert iron metal to rust, absorbing oxygen. It's a neat trick, if it works. Certainly, the science of rusting and de-rusting (e.g. oxygenation vs. reduction in science lingo) is well understood. After all, we turn iron ore (which is largely rust) into iron, and most people have seen rust develop on their car. So, there's no scientific mystery here. The real questions are ""how much does it cost"" and ""how fast does the battery drain and recharge?"" Maybe an even more basic question is ""does it work?""Form Energy claims two things. One is that the cost for energy storage with an iron-oxygen exchange battery is less than $20 per kilowatt hour. The second is that this battery will last for 100 hours, meaning it will supply energy during about four days of overcast or windless conditions. The iron/oxygen battery should be contrasted to the most-used high energy storage batteries currently in use, specifically lithium-ion batteries. These kinds of batteries are very common in society today. On the small scale, they are used in cell phones, cameras, iPads and stuff like that. Going bigger, they are found in saws, drills, sanders, and many construction tools.  But it is the big scale where the competition between iron/air and lithium-ion batteries will take place. Currently, lithium-ion batteries are found in some Toyota Priuses, all Teslas, and many other cars, motorcycles, advanced electric wheel chairs and even the Mars Curiosity rover. And, of course, they are under consideration for use in green energy.So, what's potentially better about the iron/oxygen batteries -- if they work?  Well, cost is an important thing. So is the availability of lithium vs. iron. Iron is very common in the Earth's crust. Averaged, over the Earth, it is the fourth most common element, weighing in at 5% of the crust's ingredients. Lithium is far rarer, coming in at about 0.004% of the Earth's crust, meaning that iron is at least 1,000 times more common.  Lithium's rarity has sparked conversations among strategic thinkers and even the military about where it can be found and how to protect the sources for various nations. If this new iron/oxygen technology works well, it would negate such concerns entirely.Of course, some caution is warranted. Many battery technologies have been proposed, only to fall short of needs -- starting with Thomas Edison's nickel iron battery -- and the Form Energy technology hasn't yet been demonstrated to the industry's satisfaction. In fact, a Washington Post article lays out these concerns in stark detail.Actual technology choices aside, it is clear that carbon dioxide released by humans is changing the Earth's climate. Hurricanes and tornadoes are more and more powerful, resulting in hugely expensive recovery costs.  Wildfires are becoming more common. Some crucial water reservoirs are at historic lows.  The world is in danger. Humanity needs to confront these consequences before they become worse. Green energy is the most palatable solution to these issues, but the question of energy storage is a very big one. It is unclear which technology will save the day -- in fact, it may well be that a smorgasbord of energy storage technologies  will be used. But we must find a solution, unless humanity chooses to live in a world that is far more chaotic than the one we have now. "
209	4	"Related video: James Shaw spoke to The AM Show about the new report.  Credits: Image - Getty; Video - The AM ShowBy Nick Truebridge for RNZSmall businesses like restaurants and cafes could be impacted after the Climate Change Commission released its first report, with a raft of targets proposed to cut New Zealand's emissions.The commission has found the government needs to do more to meet its obligations under the Paris Agreement.And its advice means big changes for New Zealand's small businesses.The sear of a steak is a sound that's here to stay, but how you cook that piece of porterhouse, scotch or eye fillet could be about to change.The Climate Change Commission, in its draft plan for cutting the country's emissions, has advised that it is time to cut gas.Its plan suggests no new natural gas connections to the network or bottled LPG after 2025.By 2050, the commission says existing natural gas in buildings should be phased out.It is not just households that will be impacted. The report says small businesses like restaurants and cafes will need to move away from gas to lower emissions solutions.Wellington chef Martin Bosley says that represents a huge change in mindset for the New Zealand cook.""Ninety-five percent of restaurants are on gas. That's everything from its hot water through to cooking equipment,"" he said.But what is wrong with electricity and renewable energy sources? And why are such a small fraction of our hospitality businesses using them?""Gas is efficient, it's quick and controllable. It's immediate. I need to cook your piece of steak and I put a pan on the element, I turn the gas on and it's instantly hot. The pan gets hot and away we go. When I'm finished I turn the gas off, or if I need to slow it down I can, and again it's immediate.""With electricity, you turn the element on and you have to wait for it to heat up,"" Bosley said.""It takes longer to do so it's just not a very efficient way of cooking.""Bosley said electric induction equipment is slowly becoming available for commercial sections, but he describes it as ""prohibitively expensive"" currently.Fitting out a kitchen so it is fully electric would be a mammoth shift for New Zealand restaurants, he said.""You're going to have to rethink the entire model. The amount of equipment you need, what you need, everything will change. The services, the plumbing requirements, the electrical requirements. And as equipment comes to the end of its natural life and you have to replace it with electrical, do you replace the entire kitchen? Do you do it a piece at a time? It's pretty big.""Then there's the move away from gas in the home. Professor Philippa Howden-Chapman from Otago University's Department of Public Health said she is in favour of the change, but the country's lowest income households will need help.""I think it's a good aim, and of course there will need to be some recompense or some subsidy for lower-income houses who have to budget day to day and use LPG canisters. But those need to be phased out and I think the timeframe is reasonable.""Professor Howden-Chapman says that government assistance would also be needed to help people transition to other lower emitting machines like cars. The commission has also suggested a halt on petrol vehicle importations as early as 2030.Consumer NZ chief executive Jon Duffy says electricity is just as cost-effective and efficient.""The big thing here is, what we're looking at is new connections. All houses already have a connection to electricity. You can run your house relatively efficiently on electricity and heat your house to a suitable standard, including your water,"" he said.""So in terms of new connections, people aren't actually losing that much. Electricity is a perfectly suitable alternative to gas.""The commission's draft advice is now open for consultation until 14 March and final advice will be released before 31 May.The advice includes three emissions budgets. The government said it will release an Emissions Reduction Plan before the end of the year after receiving the final advice, which will set out how the first three emissions budgets will be achieved."
613	1	By David Derbyshire for MailOnline   Updated:  00:39 AEDT, 18 June 2011    131View  commentsThe last time the sun went to sleep, there were frost fairs on the Thames and ice extended for miles into the North Sea.Now scientists have unearthed evidence that the sun is poised to enter its first period of ‘hibernation’ since the Little Ice Age of the early 1700s.If they are right – and it’s a big if – it means global warming caused by greenhouse gases could be less severe over the next few decades than predicted.Frozen over: An engraving of an ice fair on the Thames in 1683The sun goes through a regular cycle of activity that peaks every 11 years. During its most frenzied periods, huge magnetic storms erupt from the sun while vast sunspots appear on its surface. But during the quiet part of the cycle – the solar minimum – eruptions and sunspots are rarer.Astronomers say the sun should now be building up to its next maximum and that sunspots should be appearing on its surface. But three separate studies reported at an astronomy conference in America this week have found clues that the sun is not waking up on schedule.Dr Frank Hill, of America’s National Solar Observatory, showed that a regular jet-stream current within the sun – which was due in 2008 and 2009 – has failed to start up again.A giant magnetic loop (right) filled with glowing-hot gas blasts away from the sun in 2003, while two Jupiter-sized sunspots erupt. Within ten years the sun will be in an unusual and extended period of hibernation that could trigger a mini-Ice Age, scientists claimMeanwhile, Dr Richard Altrock, of Sacramento Peak Observatory – who has been studying the sun’s ‘atmosphere’, the corona, for 40 years – found that a tell-tale march of magnetic activity towards the poles that heralds the start of the solar maximum has failed to materialise.And Matthew Penn, also of the National Solar Observatory, has shown that the strength of the magnetic field inside sunspots has been much weaker than expected and is in steady decline.If this continues, the sun will have lost its spots completely by 2022.The last time the sun went quiet was during the ‘Maunder Minimum’ from 1645 to 1715, when Europe and America suffered a succession of bitterly cold winters called the Little Ice Age.The sun has already been unusually quiet for about four years with few sunspots - higher magnetic areas that appear as dark spots. Scientists predict the solar cycle starting in 2020 will see sunspots disappear altogether for a period of decadesThe Thames – which was wider and slower in those days – regularly froze over, while sea ice choked the coasts of England.Mike Lockwood, professor of space environment physics at the University of Reading, said: ‘Our research shows there is an eight per cent chance that we will return to Maunder Minimum conditions over the next 40 years.‘But, given the observed and predicted rise in greenhouse gases, we find it would do no more than slow global warming a little.’However, Joanna Haigh, professor of atmospheric physics at Imperial College London, said: ‘In a future grand minimum, the sun might again cool the planet by up to one degree. Greenhouse gases, on the other hand, are expected to raise global temperatures by between 1.5C and 4.5C by 2100.‘So even if the predictions are correct, global warming will outstrip the sun’s ability to cool.’
307	5	"A teaching resource on climate change produced by meat and dairy interests is being criticised as targetting schools with a one-sided view on farm emissions. The information focuses on the “important role of New Zealand dairy and red meat in feeding a growing global population”. Co-authored by Beef and Lamb New Zealand, DairyNZ and Federated Farmers, it explores “the complex relationship between environmental, economic, nutritional, social and global food security outcomes in New Zealand’s food system”. The booklet is aimed at secondary school students, and is described as providing “balanced information”. READ MORE: * Environmental sustainability students not sure on compulsory climate change * What readers think of the new climate change educational resource * Federated Farmers South Canterbury president says teaching resource needs to be accurate  Kerry Allen​, of the Horticulture and Agriculture Teachers Association, welcomed the resource, stating in a Federated Farmers press release last week that it removed emotion from the climate change discussion. “This provides a good viewpoint and a scientific basis for agricultural and horticultural science students to develop their own viewpoints in our subject,” she told Stuff this week. However, others cautioned schools to use it critically. One teacher took to Twitter to say that she would “totally use"" the material but as a way of teaching bias. Another Twitter user, writer Giovanni Tiso​ was concerned that teachers in farming-reliant communities would take the resource at face value. “If you see that your school is using this ‘resource,’ I would strongly encourage you to ask some tough questions to the board,” he tweeted. “I’m sure it contains some information that is scientifically accurate,” he said later. “But it is explicitly something that is written in support of a particular political viewpoint, rather than a particular scientific viewpoint.” However, Maria Perreau​, of the Aotearoa Social Studies Educators’ Network, said such resources were potentially useful if taught in the right way. The booklet was “upfront” about its origins and could be used by senior students seeking different viewpoints for their inquiry projects. “That’s what we do. We teach young people to be really critical in the way they are consuming information.”  Corporate-backed resources were a growing trend but Perreau said this was only a problem when groups were less transparent or when teachers were unquestioning. Darren Powell​, a researcher into schools outsourcing curriculum to corporates or charities, agreed it was not unusual for schools, particularly primary schools, to receive materials with strong links to industry or lobby groups. It was a form of public relations, “and schools are a particularly good place for the industry to do this sort of work and create a better public image”. In the case of the Beef+Lamb/DairyNZ resource, “the document seems to be trying to change the framing of the issue and saying this is not just about the environment, it's about global nutrition. It’s trying to change children’s or young people’s perception of what the issue is.” The resource also did not use the word “rivers” once, referring to “waterways” instead. “With students, I would be saying how balanced is this? What perspective are they taking? What aren't they saying?” Federated Farmers president Andrew Hoggard said the resource was a response to other materials in the classroom which blamed farming in large part for the country’s greenhouse gas emissions. He said students should also know that New Zealand’s food producing abilities would become increasingly important as climate change took its toll. “If the ministry isn’t going to try and [balance] some of that stuff, then as an industry, we want to make sure the true story's out there. “It isn’t trying to say that agricultural doesn’t contribute, it does, but it’s certainly not half of all warming is caused by animal agriculture.” But freshwater advocate Marnie Prickett said aside from the problematic element of a lobby group providing information to children, some of the resource’s statements were “demonstrably untrue”. The document claimed New Zealand farms were “reducing their environmental footprint since the 1990s”. Like most sectors, agriculture's emissions had increased since 1990, along with the use of synthetic nitrogen fertiliser, which had increased by more than 600 per cent. Conflating the sheep and beef industry with dairy was a way to reduce the appearance of harm overall, Prickett said. “By intentionally mixing the impacts of two different sectors, the document obscures the severe impacts on the environment from the intensive dairy industry.” Beef + Lamb were doing their farmers a disservice, she said, as these industries had not had the same boomand impact over the last two decades as dairy had. The assertion that most dairy exports were produced on “pasture-based farm systems” was also misleading, in Prickett’s view. New Zealand was the largest importer of palm kernel expeller (PKE) in the world, a food supplement for dairy cattle which does did irreparable damage to rainforests. Beef+Lamb said it helped create the document so young Kiwis could make informed decisions about eating red meat. “We believe there is a lack of awareness and understanding in New Zealand about our more natural, low-impact farming methods, which are quite different to the intensive high-impact systems often used around the world – particularly when it comes to beef and lamb,” a spokeswoman, Rowena Hume, said. The Ministry of Education said it expected teachers to “critically reflect on the suitability of any resources” but defended a school’s right to choose its own materials. “Developing critical and creative thinkers is part of the vision for the New Zealand curriculum and part of this involves exploring contexts and ideas through a variety of perspectives, values and viewpoints,” Ellen MacGregor-Reid, the ministry's deputy secretary of early learning and student achievement, said. However, the New Zealand curriculum was non-prescriptive so individual schools could respond to their community and student needs, she said. The industry groups said they hoped the ministry would turn the resource into material “fit for purpose” in classes."
454	3	It’s a common refrain from those who question mainstream climate science findings: The computer models scientists use to project future global warming are inaccurate and shouldn’t be trusted to help policymakers decide whether to take potentially expensive steps to rein in greenhouse gas emissions.A new study effectively snuffs out that argument by looking at how climate models published between 1970 — before such models were the supercomputer-dependent behemoths of physical equations covering glaciers, ocean pH and vegetation, as they are today — and 2007.The study, published Wednesday in Geophysical Research Letters, finds that most of the models examined were uncannily accurate in projecting how much the world would warm in response to increasing amounts of planet-warming greenhouse gases. Such gases, chiefly the main long-lived greenhouse gas pollutant, carbon dioxide, hit record highs this year, according to a new U.N. report out Tuesday.They are now higher than at any other time in human history.The study does fault some of the models, including one of the most famous calculations by former NASA researcher James Hansen, for overestimating warming because they assumed there would be even greater amounts of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere than what actually occurred. These assumptions mostly involved non-CO2 greenhouse gases, such as methane.Hansen’s projection, says study lead author Zeke Hausfather, a researcher at the University of California at Berkeley, erred by about 50 percent because it did not foresee a significant drop in emissions of substances that deplete the stratospheric ozone layer.Many of those gases are also powerful global warming agents. Hansen also didn’t foresee a temporary stabilization in methane emissions during the 2000s, Hausfather says.However, his model, like many of the others examined in the new study, got it right on the basic relationship between greenhouse gas emissions and the amount of warming they would cause. The errors came from poorly predicting bigger wild cards: How societal factors would govern future emissions through economic growth, emissions reduction agreements, and other factors.“The big takeaway is that climate models have been around a long time, and in terms of getting the basic temperature of the Earth right, they’ve been doing that for a long time,” Hausfather said in an interview.By examining past model performance, Hausfather says researchers can get a better idea of the pros and cons of the newest generations of models. This is crucial, since scientists are just now rolling out the next suite of models to inform the upcoming U.N. Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change’s 6th Assessment Report, due out in 2022.“Climate models today aren’t perfect, they’re still being improved,” he says.While a figure (above) and calculations included in the study seems to show that many of the models had a slight warm bias over time, Hausfather says the study found “no detectable consistent overestimation or underestimation of future warming” in the models that were examined.On temperature, there’s considerable confidence that the current models are accurately capturing the planet’s response to record amounts of greenhouse gases in the air. However, there are many other aspects of a changing climate that contain bigger uncertainties, such as cloud formation and how small atmospheric particles known as aerosols could alter the types of clouds that form.This could either enhance or diminish warming.In addition, precipitation changes, particularly at a regional level, are still extremely difficult for modelers to capture, Hausfather says.“Temperature is easy, other climate variables like precipitation are a lot harder.” For the study, researchers evaluated climate models on how they performed regarding the amount of projected global mean temperature change compared to what actually took place over time.On this count, 10 out of the 17 models examined were virtually indistinguishable from observations, the study found — in other words a near-perfect match.They also looked at the relationship between a model’s temperature projection and the amount of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere, also known as external forcing. On this comparison, 14 out of the 17 models “were not differentiable from observations,” and two of the 14 showed more warming than actually occurred, with one showing less warming, Hausfather says.“We argue that second test is a more accurate one,” Hausfather says, because it allows scientists to control for the fact that models might get the amount of external forcing wrong, but the relationship between greenhouse gases and temperature change correct.“By looking at this relationship between temperature and forcing, we can evaluate the model’s performance on its physics and not on its crystal ball of future emissions,” Hausfather said.Researchers who were not involved in the new study said it employed relatively simple statistical analyses that may miss some key influences on global surface temperatures over time.For example, Kevin Trenberth, a senior scientist at the National Center for Atmospheric Research, said he has doubts about the study’s key conclusion that “climate models are effectively capturing the processes” that drive the global mean surface temperature over many decades.He says the reality is more complex than the study shows, since some of the more uncertain factors about climate change, such as how the water cycle is responding as the world warms, could influence global temperatures, as do hurricanes and aerosols, which are either not included in climate models or, in the case of aerosols, a big question mark since they can influence cloud formation that in turn can alter temperatures.According to Trenberth, the mere fact that the models have been generally on target doesn’t prove that they are getting such complex processes correct, and further research is necessary for that.
61	3	A growing body of research suggests that models of the warming world have underestimated a crucial ingredient: vegetation.When Abigail Swann started her career in the mid-2000s, she was one of just a handful of scientists exploring a potentially radical notion: that the green plants living on Earth’s surface could have a major influence on the planet’s climate. For decades, most atmospheric scientists had focused their weather and climate models on wind, rain, and other physical phenomena.But with powerful computer models that can simulate how plants move water, carbon dioxide, and other chemicals between ground and air, Swann has found that vegetation can control weather patterns across huge distances. The destruction or expansion of forests on one continent might boost rainfall or cause a drought halfway around the world.Swann is now a professor at the University of Washington, where she runs the Ecoclimate Lab. She is in the vanguard of a small but growing group of scientists studying how plants shape Earth’s weather and climate. Their results could shake up climate science. “None of the atmospheric scientists are thinking about” how plants could influence rainfall, Swann said, though hints have appeared in the scientific literature for decades. And, she added, “it blows the ecology community’s mind … that the plants over here could actually influence the plants over there.”“Many of us are surprised at what a powerful role plants actually play,” said Park Williams, a bioclimatologist at Columbia University. “The influence of Earth’s surface on large-scale climate is currently a really booming topic, and Abby Swann is one of the emerging leaders in that field.”The schism between the atmospheric and life sciences that Swann encountered was a holdover from the late 1800s, when the U.S. government proclaimed that planting crops and trees would turn the arid Great Plains wet. The government had embraced a dubious theory pushed by land speculators and rejected the counsel of one of the nation’s top scientists, John Wesley Powell. Spurred on by such optimistic but dubious claims, thousands of would-be farmers headed west, only to find that greening the land did not, in fact, make it rain. Many struggled to scrape a living from the dry ground, and the ill-conceived agricultural experiment eventually contributed to the devastating Dust Bowl.Scientists reacted strongly. Early meteorologists, hoping to save their young field’s credibility, rejected the notion that forests influence weather. “Much of the discussion of it, unfortunately, has not been of a purely scientific character,” one wrote in 1888 in Science. Meteorology, and later climate science, became the study of air and water. Plants were relegated to passive-participant status.Atmospheric scientists—and everyone else—could be excused for thinking of a stoically standing tree or a gently undulating wheat field as doing little more than passively accepting sunlight, wind, and rain. But plants are actually powerful change agents on the planet’s surface. They pump water from the ground through their tissues to the air, and they move carbon in the opposite direction, from air to tissue to ground. All the while, leaves split water, harvest and manipulate solar energy, and stitch together hydrogen, oxygen, and carbon to produce sugars and starches—the sources of virtually all food for Earth’s life.The key features of this molecular wizardry are pores, called stomata, in plant leaves. A single leaf can contain more than 1 million of these specialized structures. Stomata are essentially microscopic mouths that simultaneously take in carbon dioxide from the air and let out water. As Swann notes, the gas exchange from each stoma—and indeed from each leaf—is, on its own, tiny. But with billions of stomata acting in concert, a single tree can evaporate hundreds of liters of water a day—enough to fill several bathtubs. The world’s major forests, which contain hundreds of billions of trees, can move water on almost inconceivably large scales. Antonio Nobre, a climate scientist at Brazil’s National Institute for Space Research, has estimated, for example, that the Amazon rainforest discharges around 20 trillion liters of water a day—roughly 17 percent more than even the mighty Amazon River. Yet the computer models that scientists rely on to predict the future climate don’t even come close to acknowledging the power of plants to move water on that scale, Swann said. “They’re tiny, but together they are mighty.”Read: Forest animals are living on the edge.Scientists have known since the late 1970s that the Amazon rainforest—the world’s largest, at 5.5 million square kilometers—makes its own storms. More recent research reveals that half or more of the rainfall over continental interiors comes from plants cycling water from soil into the atmosphere, where powerful wind currents can transport it to distant places. Agricultural regions as diverse as the U.S. Midwest, the Nile Valley, and India, as well as major cities such as São Paulo, get much of their rain from these forest-driven “flying rivers.” It’s not an exaggeration to say that a large fraction of humanity’s diet is owing, at least in part, to forest-driven rainfall.Such results also imply a profound reversal of what we would usually consider cause and effect. Normally, we might assume that “the forests are there because it’s wet, rather than that it’s wet because there are forests,” said Douglas Sheil, an environmental scientist at the Norwegian University of Life Sciences campus outside Oslo. But maybe that’s all backwards. “Could [wet climates] be caused by the forests?” he asked.Swann arrived at UC Berkeley in 2005 to do her doctoral work with Inez Fung, an atmospheric scientist. In the 1980s, Fung had helped pave the way for climate models that included realistic vegetation and associated carbon-dioxide fluxes. (Among her other accomplishments, she was a co-author on the 1988 paper with the NASA scientist James Hansen that helped bring climate change to the public’s attention.) The model she worked with was state of the art at the time, but, like its counterparts at other research institutions, it could only represent the biosphere simplistically.By the mid-2000s, models had improved enough that scientists could more precisely study the role plants might play in the climate system. Fung suggested that Swann try foresting the Arctic in a climate model. Trees are colonizing higher latitudes as the globe warms, so it seemed reasonable to ask what impact they would have on the region’s climate. Other researchers had previously looked into the potential effects of an expansion of northern spruce forests; unsurprisingly, they found that the Arctic would likely get warmer because those trees’ leaves are dark and would absorb more sunlight than virtually any of the tundra, ice, and shrubs they might replace. Swann decided to look into what would happen if the encroaching forests were deciduous trees with lighter-colored leaves, such as birch or aspen.In her model, the Arctic did still warm—by about 1 degree Celsius, which was more than she expected. Swann determined that her simulated forests emitted a lot of water vapor, which, like carbon dioxide, is a greenhouse gas that absorbs infrared radiation from Earth and redirects some of it downward. The vapor then caused ice to melt on land and at sea, exposing darker surfaces that absorbed yet more sunlight and grew even warmer. The new forests had set off a feedback loop, amplifying the impact of climate change. The finding hinted at the power that plants could exert over a region’s climate.In a separate study, Swann turned all vegetated areas of temperate North America, Europe, and Asia into forest. Again, this exercise exaggerated something already happening in the real world: Satellite data have shown that these continents are greening as former farmland returns to forest, perhaps aided by enhanced atmospheric carbon dioxide and longer growing seasons.As in the Arctic study, the new trees absorbed sunlight and warmed, adding energy to the climate system. Atmospheric currents then redistributed this energy around the planet. Droughts descended on the southern Amazon and rain fell in the Sahara. These effects were caused by a repositioning of the Hadley cell—the massive conveyor belt of air that rises from the equator, dumps its rain over the tropics, and descends again as dry air at around 30 degrees north and south latitudes, where most of the world’s deserts are. Through the influence of plants alone, the Hadley cell had shifted to the north.Swann had seemingly uncovered a hidden “teleconnection”—a region holding sway over a far distant one through subtle atmospheric mechanisms. Fung wasn’t that surprised: Atmospheric scientists have gotten comfortable with such remote influences. In periodic El Niño events, which have been understood since the 1920s, unusually warm surface water in the eastern Pacific Ocean triggers heavy rain in western South America and Africa and droughts in Southeast Asia and Australia. The novelty in Swann’s simulated events was that forests, not oceans, did the influencing.“To me, that was a really interesting perspective,” said Gordon Bonan, a geoscientist at the National Center for Atmospheric Research in Boulder, Colorado, who also studies the influence of plants on the atmosphere. “If you do enough of this tree planting, you can actually change circulation patterns.”Scenarios such as a green Arctic or a reforested temperate zone are not as far-fetched as they may seem. A recent study in Nature reported that in the past three and a half decades, tree cover has increased by more than 2 million square kilometers in these regions.Massive tree losses are also part of our modern world. During roughly the same period when temperate and boreal trees gained ground, some 20 percent of the Amazon rainforest was cut down. Since 2010, nearly 130 million trees have died in California alone, mostly because of drought and wildfire.Read: Will Northern California soon have Southern California’s climate?Much effort has gone into understanding how future climate change will affect forests. Based on severe droughts that occurred in 2005, 2010, and 2015, some scientists believe the Amazon may be nearing a tipping point that would cause much of its rainforest to turn to savanna, with potentially devastating consequences for carbon storage, biodiversity, and local climate. A paper from late 2017 provided evidence that future warming would make droughts even more lethal to the forests of the American Southwest. Some scientists predict that many of the Southwest’s forests could become savanna or grasslands, and at least one—Nate McDowell at Los Alamos National Laboratory—has been quoted as saying that a large fraction of the region’s trees could die.Yet the question of how changes in forests could alter the global climate has barely been considered. “For decades, we’ve been looking to see: How well can we do in climate modeling without needing to evoke the influences of vegetation?” Williams said. “Vegetation has kind of been left on the back burner.”Swann’s and Fung’s research suggested that plants need to be brought to the fore. And other researchers have taken note. Earlier this year, two groups of scientists, both of which included Swann, authored studies of how forest-driven water transport will change as carbon dioxide levels rise. Studies of individual leaves have shown that when plants are bathed in carbon dioxide, they don’t need to make as many stomata per leaf, and they close the ones they do make more of the time. These changes help forest plants conserve water to survive, but they reduce the water vapor available to fall as rain on the surrounding continent. Moreover, when plants transpire, they cool Earth’s surface and warm the air, just as the evaporation of sweat cools your body on a hot day. Leaf-level changes, scaled up across continents, could rob the atmosphere of moisture and warm the planet’s surface.To Michael Pritchard, a climatologist at the University of California at Irvine, Swann’s results were “very provocative … and a big wake-up call,” he said. “This effect seemed to be rewriting the maps of the drought-severity outlook in the future.”Pritchard said he hadn’t previously been aware of the stomatal-closure effect. The knowledge inspired him to join a group led by Gabriel Kooperman, a climate scientist then at UC Irvine, investigating the future effects of enhanced carbon dioxide over the three major tropical forest regions—the Amazon, Central Africa, and Southeast Asia.In a study published in Nature Climate Change in April, the researchers found that the closing of stomata would cause half the rainfall changes the regions would see by 2100. Moreover, the Amazon—home to the world’s most carbon-rich and biodiverse rainforest—would get hit with the most severe declines.Swann is now probing the effects of forest changes at different scales. In a 2016 paper, she reported that wiping out forests in western North America made forests in eastern South America grow more vigorously, while reducing growth in Europe.And in a study published in May, she investigated how U.S. forest die-offs would affect forests elsewhere in the country. In her models, she killed off forests in 13 heavily forested regions that the National Science Foundation has identified as being ecologically distinct. The results were dramatic. When she wiped out trees in the Pacific Southwest, forests in the Midwest and eastern United States suffered. In recent years, the Pacific Southwest has, in fact, lost an estimated 100 million trees, mostly to droughts and voracious insects.The effects of forest die-off can also be positive, however. In Swann’s study, removing trees from the mid-Atlantic actually helped forests elsewhere, by making those regions’ summers cooler or wetter. Swann emphasizes that this does not mean people should cut down forests, which provide innumerable benefits beyond their influence on other regions, including carbon storage, wildlife habitat, and water filtration. But she notes that environmental groups often plant trees as a climate solution without considering whether the trees could harm forests elsewhere—or warm the planet by absorbing solar energy.Massive government-sponsored tree plantings have taken place in China and the African Sahel, for example. No one knows what effects they have had on the global climate. “What we would like to be able to say is, if you plant this amount of trees, you would see this reduction in planetary warming,” Bonan said. “We don’t really quite have that answer yet.”For Swann, it was a thrill to see any effect. “The smaller down in scale we go, I thought it would be harder and harder to identify these climate responses and subsequent forest responses,” she said. “These smaller forest losses still do have big impacts, and actually the impact doesn’t just scale with the tree area that’s lost.”Not everyone is sold on ecoclimate teleconnections. Sheil is skeptical of the results of the Kooperman-led study. He thinks climate models do not represent plant biology and the physics of air movement and rainfall accurately enough to say anything meaningful about the real biological world. He notes, for example, that different climate models given the same input often make different predictions.Others point out that ecoclimate researchers have relied largely on one model, the Community Earth System Model, or CESM. Typically, climate scientists aren’t convinced that a phenomenon is real until they have seen it in the output of numerous models; for instance, the next Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change report will incorporate results from more than 30 models. It’s possible that the CESM may be unusually sensitive to vegetation, Pritchard said.Swann adds a critique of her own: She and her colleagues haven’t always been able to piece together the full chain of physical causation through which forests influence distant regions in her models. In her recent paper on U.S. forests, for example, there were too many disparate mechanisms to investigate one by one, she said. The situation is reminiscent of the hypothetical butterfly flapping its wings in Brazil and setting off a tornado in Texas: Swann and her colleagues can set the butterfly fluttering and see the tornado take shape, but they don’t fully understand what happens in between. Elucidating such mechanisms will be a focus of future work.Addressing these concerns won’t happen overnight, however. Most models, unlike the CESM, can only be run at a modeling center by the handful of scientists who created them. Those people are busy running simulations for the next Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change report, due out in 2022. None of the models being used fully accounts for plants’ influence on climate, Swann said.The historical view that climate science is mainly about physical phenomena still has influence. For more than a decade, climatologists have seen clouds as the biggest source of uncertainty in models. Clouds cool the planet by reflecting incoming sunlight, but they also warm the planet because they are made of water vapor, a greenhouse gas. Models differ wildly on how much clouds will contribute to cooling and warming in the future, and thus whether a doubling of atmospheric carbon dioxide will be problematic but manageable, or catastrophic.Read: The best technology for fighting climate change? Trees.But how much rain will fall in a given region, and when, and how much it will vary season to season and year to year will make all the difference in determining which places will remain livable and which places won’t. And Swann’s and Fung’s results open up at least the possibility that plants could have as much effect as cloud physics on nailing down the answers to such questions.Moreover, Fung points out, the problems aren’t even independent: Forests produce clouds. Without an accurate picture of forests, cloud models will remain incomplete.That’s why Swann is starting a new project: to try to quantify how much plants contribute to the uncertainty in climate-model results. With that number in hand, she may have an even more potent tool for convincing other researchers that ecology and atmospheric science are inseparable.Another potential project involves looking at forest data for observational evidence of the teleconnections found in modeling studies. Swann admits, however, that she’s “a little bit on the more skeptical side” that such signals will emerge amid the many pushes and pulls that forests experience. She and David Breshears, an ecologist at the University of Arizona and one of her co-authors on the U.S. forest paper, are also exploring how future southwestern forest losses will affect the climate of the Midwest, the nation’s breadbasket and one of the most productive agricultural areas on Earth.One thing is clear already: Swann’s influence is being felt. In just over a decade, ecoclimate teleconnections have gone from being virtually unknown to appearing as a frequent discussion topic at major scientific meetings such as the Ecological Society of America and the American Geophysical Union. No longer are such ideas dismissed as not being “of a purely scientific character.”The developments in this new research area demonstrate that future climate scientists will need to master two fields that have, for more than a century, been largely separate, Fung said: atmospheric physics and biology.“There are very few ‘multilingual’ scientists,” Fung said. “When Abby did her thing, it was the coming together of two disciplines.” She added, “That’s how progress is made.”
108	5	The climate crisis poses a far greater threat to humanity than Covid and could last a hundred years, according to the UK's Chief Scientific Advisor. In a stark warning from the Cop26 summit in Glasgow, Sir Patrick Vallance claimed global warming will kill more people than the pandemic if 'behavioural changes' are not made now.  Telling the BBC that Covid poses a 'two to four year problem', he went on: 'The reason I say it [climate] is a bigger problem is because in terms of the overall effect on humanity, if this is not stopped this will be a bigger, bigger challenge to the way we live and lives will be lost.'He added: 'If the green choice becomes the easy one, more people will be willing to change their behaviour.' Though he did not specify what changes would need to be made, the Chief Scientific Advisor for Cop26 has previously supported reductions in meat eating and flying. Sir Patrick was an early promoter of lockdown and spearheaded the UK's response to Covid. He regularly appeared alongside the Chief Medical Officer at Downing Street briefings, and is likely to remain prominent in his new green role. Sir Patrick Vallance has warned that the challenge of global warming could last a hundred years and will require 'a combination of technology and behavioural change' to tackle Steam rises from cooling towers at a power plant in Beijing, November 4, 2021Protesters gathered outside the Cop26 summit taking place in Glasgow this weekend Sir Patrick is the richest mandarin in Whitehall, worth £10million - and has led the government's response to the coronavirus pandemic.He became regular fixture during the pandemic, appearing alongside Boris Johnson at Downing Street Covid briefings. Until March 2021 he held a deferred bonus of 43,111 shares in GlaxoSmithKline, worth £600,000 from his time as president of the multinational drug company. In a rare interview in 2015 he shot down critics who suggested he took the corporate role for the money after an academic early career at University College London.He insisted to Radio 4's The Life Scientific: 'There'll be people that carp and say you've gone to the dark side, you've done it for money, whatever.'There's nothing you can do about that. That's why the personal reputation bit you need to be comfortable with, before you make a decision like that.'Currently he and his family live in a substantial semi-detached Victorian house worth £1.8million, which they bought in 2018 with cash.They had to complete extensive renovations after it had been left completely gutted by a fire before they were involved in the property.Sir Patrick was born in Essex in 1960 and educated at Truro school in Cornwall, which costs nearly £30,000 to board now. He had considered being a chef but then began a life in science and medicine at university before going to GSK.It would be the role that catapulted him to the prominence he holds today, so well-known he has own entry in Who's Who, which lists his hobbies as 'mushrooming, cooking, gardening' and 'playing tennis badly'.Just 12 days into the job he was rubbing shoulders with royalty, pictured with Prince Andrew at an event. After six years at GSK his base salary as Executive Director was £780,000 a year.When he left he cashed in £5 million worth of shares he got from them from his time working there until March 2018.And in 2017 when he took his current role as Government Chief Scientific Adviser Nature, the international weekly science journal, said his salary was up to £180,000 a year – more than the Prime Minister. Joined by nearly 40 of his global counterparts ahead of the UN summit, Sir Patrick said it was still possible to curb temperature rises to 1.5C, but only with steep reductions in global emissions by 2030 and reducing them to zero overall by 2050. In a press conference at Cop26, Sir Patrick said: 'It's crucial that the 1.5C is kept alive. I don't think this is a negotiable thing. It has to happen.'He pointed to announcements that have been made by countries in the 10 days at the Cop26 conference so far, including on curbing methane emissions, on deforestation and funding for agricultural innovation.'These are all important steps in the right direction. I hope we will see more over the course of this week,' he said. 'This is tough, 1.5C is really tough, it's not an easy target.'He said lessons can be learned from the way Covid had to be dealt with, pointing out that science and innovation had to come up with solutions and humanity needed to pull together to take decisions to tackle the crisis.Sir Patrick warned of the need to make behaviour change the easy choice.'Behaviour change is part of this, and some of that is down to what we do as individuals and some of it is what needs to happen to make things easier for us,' he said.'We can't assume it's going to be dramatic personal behaviour change that's going to be the solution to this unless we make some way to of making that easier so that the green choice is actually the easy choice,' he said. On behavioural changes, Sir Patrick previously said: 'There will be a move away from the extent of meat eating we've seen in the past, and I think we will all need to think about our flying habits.'But of course, coupled to that, there's also technological advances, so as options for green transport become real that will change again.'One of the climate challenge is it's a series of small things from all of us that turn into a big change. Those little things that appear like they're not very much are important when they are aggregated across many many millions of people.'He said most of the technologies needed to shift to a greener world are already 'visible', and warned against relying on a 'magic new technology' coming along in future years that would solve the problem.He added that the 'green choice needs to be the easy choice' for people, including on price, convenience and with a clear understanding of what they can do on an individual level to make a difference. In a joint statement ahead of the Cop26 conference, scientific advisors called on political leaders to take urgent action to limit warming to 1.5C - beyond which more severe impacts of global warming will be felt.They said stabilising the climate would limit sea level rises and extreme weather events, improve prosperity and protect human health and nature.The advisors said addressing climate change would require intense international collaboration on research and innovation to develop and deliver new solutions across all sectors of the global economy.Action to adapt to the consequences of climate change that are already inevitable 'is critical', they warned.The statement added that limiting warming 'will require rapid, urgent and sustained action and significant behavioural, socioeconomic and technological transformations across the world'.Governments should focus on piloting and scaling up existing green technologies over the next decade, accelerate development of next-generation solutions, and involve every part of society in the green transition, which must be affordable, accessible and fair, they said. Previously, Sir Patrick told Sky News that the UN's 'stark and rightly uncomfortable' report on climate change showed the need for immediate action.The report said that the 1.5C limit on global warming set in the Paris Agreement was likely to be breached within a few decades - with Boris Johnson saying he hoped it would be 'a wake-up call for the world to take action now.Reacting, Sir Patrick said it was 'easy to slip' with plans to tackle climate change and urged world leaders to set out clear, 'practical' plans to address the crisis. He added: 'Every government needs to develop an evidence-based roadmap setting out the technologies they require. That's a really important practical step that governments need to take and each of us needs to hold ourselves to account for this because monitoring progress against those roadmaps is going to be crucial. It's easy to slip and it's easy to assume that something can happen later to rectify this. The message is 'no, it has to happen now, the roadmap needs to be implemented now' and we need to know when we're off course and correct that as soon as possible.'  Police at scene of fatal stabbing of 20-year-old man in BrentfordCCTV footage of teenagers who attacked vulnerable man in north westProtestors march in Melbourne against the proposed vaccine mandateManhattan man pretends to be suicide bomber at restaurantFans celebrate after judge terminates Britney's conservatorshipCraig Kelly speaks at protest rally outside Melbourne ParliamentDutch police unleash water cannons on anti-lockdown protestersMan kills woman walking down street with samurai knife in TurkeyYellowstone: Paramount drops official season 4 trailerFans cheer as judge terminates Britney Spears conservatorship'We are helping migrants cross into EU': Belarusian border guardsThe Icelandverse: Tourism campaign parodies Zuckerberg & MetaThousands of demonstrators during a Cop26 protest in London, November 6, 2021This map shows which countries burn the most coal. The top three biggest consumers are China, India and the US. The UK doesn't even make the top 10 China and Saudi Arabia have been accused of blocking efforts to make progress on a deal at the Cop26 conference by refusing to agree that they must be transparent about their greenhouse gas emissions.Negotiators at the Climate Change conference said the countries had opposed proposals to require countries to report their emissions amid concerns that some nations hide the extent of their output.Saudi Arabian negotiators have also been accused of trying to block the 'cover decision' - a final statement from Cop26 that could include a commitment to accelerate action to limit global warming to 1.5C to avoid the worst impacts of rising temperatures.Country national plans for action this decade currently leave the world far off track on meeting the 1.5C goal which countries agreed to pursue under the Paris Agreement on climate change secured in 2015.China is understood to object to reporting their greenhouse gas emissions as it is concerned about revealing data on its economic growth, reports The Times . Its climate target is based on a reduction in emissions per unit of GDP.Meanwhile, Saudi Arabia is concerned about divulging information about the performance of its oil giant Saudi Aramco, which is a major contributor to the country's emissions.Ministers yesterday slapped down Environment Secretary George Eustice after he said that the Government was considering 'carbon border taxes' on imports from countries with poor environmental records.Mr Eustice had claimed that the 'important' idea was under discussion as he ruled out an 'arbitrary' meat tax on foreign food. However, officials at the Treasury and the Department for Business said no such plans were currently being examined.Ministers are also concerned that such a plan would be a form of protectionism that could increase the cost of food imports, the Times reported.In theory the carbon tax could heap costs on products from states considered to be dodging their responsibilities to act.The comments came as Boris Johnson urged negotiators at Cop 26 in Glasgow to 'drive for the line' to get deals on protecting the globe.Any move to a border tax on imports would take several years and Mr Eustice said it would ideally happen on an international basis.'In an ideal world, it will be done multilaterally, with the whole world coming together to agree this,' he told the BBC's Andrew Marr Show from Glasgow.'But it is going to be important. If you're going to have carbon taxes at some point in the future, and emissions trading, you can only really make sense of that with a carbon border tax.'The purpose of the tax would be to prevent pollution effectively being exported by bringing in products from countries without taking into account the emissions produced there.'We would be saying, as countries, that we're taking the action necessary to deal with this global challenge, but we're not going to allow those producers in this country to be undercut by those who aren't doing their share, and we're not going to export pollution.'So if you don't want to export pollution, then you do at some point have to consider something like a carbon border tax.'However, Mr Eustice was clear that a 'meat tax' is not on the horizon.'We're not going to have an arbitrary meat tax or meat levy,' he said. 'That's never been on the cards. I've never supported it.'At the weekend Mr Johnson said: 'There is one week left for COP26 to deliver for the world, and we must all pull together and drive for the line.'Mr Johnson said nations had brought 'ambition and action to help limit rising temperatures', hailing agreements on deforestation and methane emissions.'But we cannot underestimate the task at hand to keep 1.5C alive,' he went on. 'Countries must come back to the table this week ready to make the bold compromises and ambitious commitments needed.'It comes as UN climate talks entered their final week on Monday with experts warning that many disputes remain unresolved. These include ratcheting up ambition on national carbon reduction plans, providing a long-promised $100billion annually to developing nations and rules governing carbon markets. A first formal 'stocktake' on Monday will see countries and negotiating blocs air any views or grievances they have after the first week of talks.Cop26 is taking place a year late due to the pandemic and against a backdrop of ever-stronger drought, flooding and storms supercharged by higher temperatures battering countries across the globe. Its first week saw around 100 nations commit to slash their emissions of methane - a powerful greenhouse gas - by at least 30 percent by 2030.In another development likely to dent emissions, India - the fourth largest polluter - said it would achieve carbon neutrality by 2070.
527	3	"The biggest snowfall this year came on the first day of spring, as seen here in Naseby on Tuesday. Photo / Otago Daily TimesAuckland, environment and Māori affairs reporter, NZ HeraldIf you felt like the big chill never arrived this year you'd be correct; according to Niwa, it's been New Zealand's hottest winter on record.Seven of the 10 warmest winters have occurred since 2000, increasingly fuelled by climate change - the ""long-term tailwind"".The countrywide average for 2020 was 9.6C - 1.14C above the 1981-2010 average, taken from Niwa's seven station temperature series which begins in 1909, and pipping the previous record of 2013 by just 0.06C.Temperatures across the country were generally above or well above average, which would have been no surprise to skiers with a lacklustre season of snowfall on the slopes.Only a few spots were near average winter temperatures, including Tararua, Kaikōura, and parts of Southland and Otago.The top spot was Timaru, with a completely out-of-season 25.1C on August 30.The lowest temperature was -12.3C, at Middlemarch on June 14.Of the six main centres in winter 2020, Auckland was the warmest, Christchurch was thecoolest, Tauranga was the wettest and sunniest, Dunedin was the driest, and Hamilton was the least sunny.The most rainfall in one day was 262mm, recorded at Kaikohe on July 17, and the highest wind gust was 191km/h, at Cape Turnagain on July 23.According to Niwa's Winter 2020 Climate Summary, driving these high temperatures were four main factors: sub-tropical winds, warmer-than-average seas, more sunshine, and climate change.""It is really a combination of all of those that made this winter a special one,""  meteorologist Ben Noll said.The season was characterised by more frequent warm northeasterly winds than normal, particularly to the North Island, which was associated with a developing La Niña event in the equatorial Pacific.Winter 2020 has just become New Zealand's warmest winter on record.7 of the 10 warmest winters have now occurred since the year 2000 📈 pic.twitter.com/CaSlIbDdBVSea surface temperatures (SSTs) surrounding New Zealand were also warmer than average - 0.5C to 1C - and most notably during August, which exerted a further warming influence on the country's air temperatures.A prevalent high-pressure system over the country contributed to a sunnier-than-normal winter for much of the South Island and lower North Island.This all combined with the background influence of climate change, the ""long-term tailwind to our temperatures"", which resulted in widespread warm conditions during winter.""There are the more natural climate drivers, like the SST, the high pressure system, and the winds, but then there is the human-made influence of climate change mixing it all up.""And those 'natural' factors can all link back to climate change, as warmer seas are influenced by warmer air temperatures, which are influenced by climate change.""The statistics increasingly ""tell the story well"" of climate change, Noll said.""Seeing seven of 10 warmest winters occurring since 2000 shows we really are in a warming world.""We will still get the odd cold winter, but that will increasingly become the exception. By 2040, we might be looking back at this as a normal winter.""This also meant the poor season on the ski slopes would likely become the norm, too.""We know there is a strong correlation between cold weather and snow. Also snowfall acts as a refrigerator, so the more snow you have the more likely it is to snow.""Under the Paris accord, New Zealand has pledged to slash emissions by 30 per cent below 2005 levels, and 11 per cent below 1990 levels, by 2030.Climate Change Minister James Shaw has tasked the recently formed Climate Change Commission to investigate whether those targets – which sit alongside the Government's zero-carbon 2050 goal – are ambitious enough to meet the UN's aspirational target of limiting warming to 1.5C above pre-industrial levels."
318	3	"Past summits with Donald Trump representing the United States struggled to culminate in cohesive group statements between its members -- the US, UK, France, Germany, Italy, Japan and Canada, plus the European Union. But in the English county of Cornwall over the weekend, leaders appeared to agree that this is the crucial decade that will determine the world's future, even its very existence.There was concrete progress earlier in the summit from G7 ministers, and a vision laid out by leaders for a net zero world (where all greenhouse gases emitted are removed from the atmosphere) that would take a green approach to everything, from the economic recovery from the pandemic to the way new infrastructure is built in the developing world.What was lacking in the final communiqué, however, was the detail that climate change experts were hoping for. G7 meetings are notorious for making bold promises only to break them. Often world leaders' vision just isn't backed by lawmakers at home.This year, there were some ambitious collective targets, to halve emissions by 2030 from 2010 levels, for example, but no individual country increased its commitment to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, and goals were set with no firm deadlines or measurables. In cases where they were, they were largely underwhelming.The leaders said, for example, that they would aim to reach net zero by 2050 at the latest. That's about 20 years too late, according to Catherine Pettengell, interim head of the UK's branch of Climate Action Network, which represents more than 1,500 civil society organizations in over 130 countries. ""We were really expecting to see the G7 step up and send a strong signal ahead of COP26 that they've really done their homework and were ready to act,"" she told CNN, referring to international climate change talks planned in Glasgow later this year. She is particularly concerned about the lack of progress on a climate finance fund agreed to more than a decade ago. By 2020, developed nations were supposed to start transferring $100 billion a year to the developing world to help them adapt to climate change. The idea was that wealthy countries had historically done more to contribute to climate change while poorer nations will be worst affected by its impact.The world missed that 2020 deadline and is still way off keeping its promise. The US and UK had already doubled their annual contributions, and over the weekend, Germany and Canada at least doubled their pledges too. The other G7 members are lagging.""Even with new announcements from Germany and Canada, all G7 countries need to go further and faster with their individual commitments as well as take collective responsibility for achieving the $100 billion goal before COP26,"" Pettengell said.""They acknowledge in the communiqué that more commitments must come by COP. So I think the question is, 'Why not now? What's the delay?' Developing countries deserve to have the confidence going into COP 26 that the Paris Agreement will be delivered. And it can't go down to the wire. These leaders need to prioritise building trust and momentum now with the four and a half months left to COP 26.""There's a lot at stake. Carbon emissions are at their highest level in history, despite more than a year of the world's economies slowing during the pandemic. The goal is to keep global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels. The Earth is already at 1.3C, and if it exceeds that threshold, millions more people will be at risk of extreme heat waves, drought and flooding. Food shortages will worsen. Entire species will face extinction. Coral reefs will all but disappear. Environmental groups had hoped Japan and Canada in particular would increase their emissions reduction pledges. The countries' commitments fall short of those of their G7 allies.Japan had agreed to wind down its more inefficient, old coal power stations, but it is still heavily reliant on the fossil fuel. Canada pledged to reach net zero by 2050, two decades later than some of its G7 allies. When asked by CNN on Saturday if Japan would boost its pledge, Press Secretary Tomoko Yoshida said he shouldn't speculate around the plans of Japan's leaders, adding that ""we've committed ourselves to join the international efforts and also ... engagement with companies"" to achieve its current targets. Canada's foreign affairs ministry did not immediately respond to CNN's requests for comment.The race to net zero Ahead of the leaders' summit, ministers in finance, and environment and energy hammered out some breakthrough agreements, including making it mandatory for big business to disclose the climate impacts of their operations by 2022; to protect 30% of their country's land and sea by 2030, in line with scientific advice; and to stop funding coal generation around the world by year's end, an important step to phase out the world's dirtiest fossil fuel. And in recognition that climate change measures need to be integrated in both the economic recovery from the pandemic and all future approaches to infrastructure and development, the G7 launched a vision for an alternative to China's Belt and Road initiative called, a little less memorably, the ""Build Back Better World"" plan, which will promote sustainable, low-carbon development. China has deals with more than 100 countries, most in the developing world, to build major infrastructure projects, like railroads, airports and motorways. The US and its allies meet and coordinate their responses to China, partly in response to it growing global influence through such programs. The G7 may have served as a stepping-stone to COP 26, where there is growing pressure on countries to nail down those details missing from Sunday's closing statement. There is likely to be a strong focus there on achieving net zero.  Yet Tim Smit, an environmentalist and co-founder of Cornwall's Eden Project, says the idea of net zero is ""rubbish.""Net zero will not bring an end to the emission of carbon or the use of fossil fuels, Smit told CNN. Instead, he says, it will allow business as usual for the worst emitters. ""All I'm saying about net zero is what I also say about carbon capture -- it is a device often used by vested interests in fossil fuels to imply the problem is under control with technology, technology that is still being developed, as if that will sort things out. And it is exactly like you being a chain smoker not stopping because you've been told a pill is imminent, that will prevent you getting lung cancer,"" he said.Carbon capture is the removal of carbon either at the fossil fuel's source or from the atmosphere.Real emissions cuts and low-carbon economies, and eventually a full transition to renewables, is what's needed, he said.Smit's Eden Project wants to prove that it's possible to establish systems that create no waste and no emissions. The project converted a china clay pit -- a wasteland and eyesore -- to a lush expanse of trees and dome-shaped greenhouses that nurture plants from all over the world. The Eden Project grows everything from vegetables and tea, to hops to make beer and plants to use as natural clothing dyes. It's working to clean the human waste its own visitors provide as a water source, and it is exploring geothermal as its main source of energy. The project is profitable too, and has created green jobs. It cost £140 million to build but has brought in £2.2 billion to the  local economy, and attracted 22 million visitors, according to Smit. The hope is Eden can inspire people around the world to come up with similar systems and solutions. ""If Eden can demonstrate, and do the measuring, to give confidence to others to know how this works, we don't need to change the world -- the world is full of smarter people than us,"" Smit said. ""They just need to be given information and good data."""
495	5	United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres has denounced a “suicidal” failure to tackle climate change and said recovery from the coronavirus pandemic could be humanity’s chance for a reset to save Earth.His comments on Wednesday came as the World Meteorological Organization (WMO) said in its provisional 2020 State of the Global Climate report that this year is on course to be one of the three warmest ever recorded.“The state of the planet is broken. Humanity is waging war on nature. This is suicidal,” Guterres said in a speech at Columbia University in New York City.“Next year we have the opportunity to stop plunder and begin healing,” he added. “COVID recovery and our planet’s repair must be two sides of the same coin.”Guterres called for a reduction in the use of fossil fuels and said a summit planned on December 12 for the fifth anniversary of the Paris climate change agreement should chart a new way forward.“A new world is taking shape,” he said.“Biodiversity is collapsing. One million species are at risk of extinction. Ecosystems are disappearing before our eyes. Deserts are spreading. Wetlands are being lost. Every year, we lose 10 million hectares of forests.“Oceans are overfished – and choking with plastic waste. The carbon dioxide they absorb is acidifying the seas. Coral reefs are bleached and dying. Air and water pollution are killing nine million people annually.”As such “making peace with nature” must “be the top, top priority” of the 21st century, he warned, adding: “There is no vaccine for the planet.”Welcoming the first commitments towards carbon neutrality from China, the European Union, Japan and South Korea, Guterres expressed hope that the movement would become global.“Every country, city, financial institution and company should adopt plans for transitioning to net zero emissions by 2050,” he said.Separately on Wednesday, the WMO said in a report that 2020 is on track to be one of the three warmest years ever recorded – and it could even top the record set in 2016.The past six years, 2015 to 2020, are therefore set to make up all six of the hottest years since modern records began in 1850, the UN agency said.“The average global temperature in 2020 is set to be about 1.2 [degrees Celsius] above the pre-industrial level,” said WMO Secretary-General Petteri Taalas.“There is at least a one in five chance of it temporarily exceeding 1.5C by 2024.”
825	3	To the Editor:In “Game Over for the Climate” (Op-Ed, May 10), James Hansen repeats his urgent warnings that burning Canada’s tar sands oil would cause irreversible climate catastrophe. When he says of the risks we face, “if this sounds apocalyptic, it is,” he underscores the challenge of awakening those who don’t comprehend the sheer magnitude of what is at stake.The sky may not literally be falling, but unless we find the will to stop extracting oil from dirty tar sands and shift to a clean energy economy instead, the atmosphere will keep changing in ways that will radically disrupt life on this planet.Dr. Hansen did not mention Mitt Romney, who should muster the courage to reverse his primary-season flip-flop about science that is simply no longer subject to debate by informed people. Given the risks that Dr. Hansen details, candidates who still question the science itself have forfeited any right to lead.DAVID A. SCOTT Vice President, Board of Directors Sierra Club Columbus, Ohio, May 10, 2012To the Editor:James Hansen is at it again, flogging the dead horse of man-made climate change as a reason to keep Canada’s tar sands petroleum locked up forever. For the past 30 years, Dr. Hansen has issued ever more dire predictions of catastrophic climate change, while actual conditions have not borne out his doomsday forecasts. If anything, as the climate stubbornly fails to conform to Dr. Hansen’s predictions, he becomes even more extreme in his outlook.Dr. Hansen made a name for himself in the 1980s by warning that computer models predicted that increasing carbon dioxide levels would result in major global warming. In fact, since 1998, after a decade of temperature rise, average global temperatures have been stable or actually declined, according to several analyses. This unpredicted trend underscores the shortcomings of computer models.Scientists with political agendas like Dr. Hansen use apocalyptic predictions to justify increased government regulation, higher taxes and redistribution of wealth. His latest polemic is no different and would result in major economic impacts on Canadian and American citizens, more government bureaucrats to restrict and regulate fossil fuel production, and reduced living standards.ERIK AXELSON Bellingham, Wash., May 10, 2012To the Editor:Here’s hoping that James Hansen’s impassioned and well-informed plea to turn back from our destructive use of fossil fuels will not continue to fall on deaf ears in Washington. Skeptics might call him an alarmist, but if anyone is in a position to know the severity of the climate crisis, it is Dr. Hansen. All of his findings and predictions, dating to the early 1980s, have turned out to be disturbingly accurate.Dr. Hansen’s proposed solution — a rising fee on carbon, with revenue returned to the public — is one that Republicans ought to find embraceable. But coal and oil interests have helped finance the activities of climate change denialists, making it difficult for politicians to support solutions without risking ouster from office. Talk to Senator Richard G. Lugar on that point.It is up to us as citizens to create a more hospitable climate for our public officials to take action, or else our children will be left with a climate that is inhospitable.MARK REYNOLDS Executive Director Citizens Climate Lobby Coronado, Calif., May 10, 2012To the Editor:I have no idea whether humans are contributing substantially to global warming, and I agree with those who say we should plan “as if” because not to take steps could be catastrophic if writers like James Hansen prove to be correct. But consider one of his claims: “Every major national science academy in the world has reported that global warming is real.”Here’s a news flash: European scientists in the 15th century agreed that the earth was the center of the universe. That didn’t make it true.GEORGE THOMAS Warren, N.J., May 10, 2012
166	5	It will be a long hot summer in Australia. Fires of almost biblical proportions have swept across the country, devastating land, property and wildlife. More than 30 people have been killed, a billion animals have died, and more than 3,000 homes have been burned down. The cost of the bushfires has been estimated at $2bn and could climb even further.Although heavy rain and lower temperatures this month have helped put out some fires, the threat of the blaze coming back is still imminent. Meanwhile, Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison’s response to this environmental catastrophe has been to refuse to expand measures to combat climate change. In December, as the death toll was climbing and Australian fire brigades struggled to control the fires, the prime minister left the country for a holiday in Hawaii.His attitude and actions illustrate quite well just how the wealthy and their political allies plan to rule our burning planet.The harrowing and apocalyptic scenes coming out of Australia are only the beginning of a new normal in which climate change will result in climate apartheid. Those with the means and the resources will leave climate catastrophe zones or otherwise protect themselves from the worst effects of climate change, while poor communities and nations of the Global South, indigenous people and people of colour will bear the brunt.Meanwhile, global corporations will continue to lobby governments to take little action on climate change and continue to undermine the efforts of climate activists.In a July 2019 report, Philip Alston, the UN Special Rapporteur on extreme poverty and human rights, warned that climate change will push 120 million more people into poverty by 2030, causing displacement, food insecurity and worsening health, and posing “dire threats” to democracy and human rights. “Perversely, while people in poverty are responsible for just a fraction of global emissions, they will bear the brunt of climate change and have the least capacity to protect themselves,” Alston wrote.In Australia, this is already apparent. The country has had devastating bush fires for years, which have disproportionately affected impoverished areas. Aboriginal communities continue to be subjected to discrimination, marginalisation and dispossession, their land seized to make way for more resource extraction.Although the country – one of the world’s top coal exporters – is clearly suffering from the devastating consequences of climate change, more coal mines are being built on aboriginal land and more coal is being exported.Meanwhile, the ruling political elite of the country has consistently refused to take major action on climate change, dismantle the coal industry, and undertake a massive divestment from fossil fuels. Its attitude of climate change denial has been buttressed by a regressive media establishment dominated by Rupert Murdoch’s media empire.Australia is not the only country with a history of brutal colonialism which has taken a cynical, cruel and nihilistic approach to the environment, climate activists and vulnerable populations.Six months ago, another country was experiencing devastating fires – Brazil. There the Amazon forest, which is considered a bulwark against climate change, was burning under the watch of Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro, another climate denialist.In Brazil, 98 percent of indigenous land falls within the Amazon, which means that forest fires also disproportionately affect indigenous communities.Bolsonaro not only did not take adequate action against the blaze, but his aggressive anti-environment rhetoric was also seen as encouraging farmers to start fires and clear land for more farms and pastures. Even worse, he has been accused of inciting genocide, as his political stances have emboldened acts of violence and murder against indigenous people.Bolsonaro has also implemented a number of troubling policies that will hurt efforts to preserve the environment. Those include cutting the budget of the Brazilian environmental protection agency, easing fines for illegal pollution and deforestation, and lifting bans on growing sugarcane in the Amazon and protected tropical wetlands. The situation in the US is not that much different, either. Last year, US President Donald Trump, another proponent of climate change denialism, threatened to cut funding for forest fire management in California after the state went through another wave of devastating fires. There, too, impoverished communities have faced the worst of the blaze.Trump also personally intervened to cut and withhold billions of dollars in funding to Puerto Rico, which was devastated by Hurricane Maria and a recent earthquake, because he claims the territory is corrupt and ungrateful. In doing so he followed in the footsteps of President George W Bush, whose administration launched a pathetic response to the devastation in predominantly black communities in New Orleans from Hurricane Katrina in 2005.Trump rolled back nearly 100 rules designed to protect the air, land and water, and is removing environmental protection for half of the nation’s streams and wetlands. Under his watch, the US Department of Homeland Security labelled climate activists as extremists alongside mass killers and white supremacists. Apart from these regressive policies in Australia, Brazil and the US, wealthy nations around the globe are increasingly militarising their borders to prevent a growing number of climate refugees from seeking asylum on their territories. European nations, for example, have increasingly relied on harsh measures and dubious deals with repressive regimes and violent non-state actors to keep refugees away from their borders.These climate apartheid proponents behave as if their walled fortresses, air-conditioned and high-altitude enclaves will insulate them from the worst ravages of climate change and its most devastated front-line victims. But the reality is that there is no bailout from a climate catastrophe, even for the rich.By now it is clear that change will not come from the top. The business and political elites are bent on maintaining the status quo, however deadly it may be. For this reason, it is the grassroots that has to mobilise to defy climate apartheid and push for urgent climate change that includes not only divesting from fossil fuels and cutting back on global emissions, but also reforming the world economy away from the growth frenzy that currently drives it. Also, we must fight for robust economic and social rights, including a strong social safety net, social security, access to food, shelter, healthcare and decent work for all.Global grassroots mobilisation is the only way to prevent climate apartheid from taking root and taking adequate action to save the human civilisation from dying out because of its own folly. The views expressed in this article are the author’s own and do not necessarily reflect Al Jazeera’s editorial stance.
377	4	"                (Shutterstock)In the coming decades, more than a quarter-million people may die each year as a result of climate change, according to a new review study.In 2014, the World Health Organization (WHO) estimated that climate change would lead to about 250,000 additional deaths each year between 2030 and 2050, from factors such as malnutrition, heat stress and malaria.But the new review, published Jan. 17 in The New England Journal of Medicine, said this is a ""conservative estimate."" That's because it fails to take into account other climate-related factors that could affect death rates — such as population displacement and reductions in labor productivity from farmers due to increased heat, study co-author Dr. Andrew Haines, epidemiologist and former director of the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine, told CNN.In addition, the WHO estimate didn't take into account illnesses and deaths tied to disruptions in health services caused by extreme weather and climate events, the review said.The new review didn't give an updated estimate of climate-change-related deaths, but noted that reduced food production alone is predicted to lead to a net increase of 529,000 adult deaths by 2050, according to a 2016 study.Climate change could also force more than 100 million people into extreme poverty by 2030, according to World Bank estimates, which in turn, would make them more vulnerable to the health effects of the changing climate.All of this underscores the need for investments and policies to reduce greenhouse-gas emissions and promote ways to mitigate the health effects of climate change, the report said.""Climate change is causing injuries, illnesses and deaths, with the risks projected to increase substantially with additional climate change, threatening the health of many millions of people,"" the report said. ""The pervasive threats to health posed by climate change demand decisive actions from health professionals and governments to protect the health of current and future generations.""Originally published on Live Science."
422	5	The prospect of a global green recovery from the coronavirus pandemic is hanging in the balance, as countries pour money into the fossil fuel economy to stave off a devastating recession, an analysis for the Guardian reveals.Meanwhile, promises of a low-carbon boost are failing to materialise. Only a handful of major countries are pumping rescue funds into low-carbon efforts such as renewable power, electric vehicles and energy efficiency.A new Guardian ranking finds the EU is a frontrunner, devoting 30% of its €750bn (£677bn) Next Generation Recovery Fund to green ends. France and Germany have earmarked about €30bn and €50bn respectively of their own additional stimulus for environmental spending.On the other end of the scale, China is faring the worst of the major economies, with only 0.3% of its package – about £1.1bn – slated for green projects. In the US, before the election, only about $26bn (£19.8bn), or just over 1%, of the announced spending was green.In at least 18 of the world’s biggest economies, more than six months on from the first wave of lockdowns in the early spring, pandemic rescue packages are dominated by spending that has a harmful environmental impact, such as bailouts for oil or new high-carbon infrastructure, outweighing the positive climate benefits of any green spending, according to the analysis.Only four countries – France, Spain, the UK and Germany – and the EU have packages that will produce a net environmental benefit.“The natural environment and climate change have not been a core part of the thinking in the bulk of recovery plans,” said Jason Eis, chief executive of Vivid Economics, which compiled the index for the Guardian. “In the majority of countries we are not seeing a green recovery coming through at all.”Even countries that have boasted of green recovery plans are frequently spending much more on activities that will maintain or increase greenhouse gas emissions. South Korea set out plans for a green new deal in July, worth about $135bn. But its continued spending on fossil fuels and carbon-intensive industries means it ranks only eighth in the world for the greenness of its stimulus.Canada similarly is spending C$6bn (£3.5bn) of its infrastructure funding on home insulation, green transport and clean energy, but its total rescue package is worth more than $300bn and contains measures such as a massive road expansion and tax relief for fossil fuel companies. India is spending about $830m on its green economy, but plans to prop up coal have dragged down its performance.But the election of Joe Biden as US president has the potential to transform the green recovery globally, the Vivid analysis shows. Although he may face a Republican majority in the Senate, if Biden’s plans for a $2tn green stimulus were implemented in full the US would overtake the EU as the biggest investor in a low-carbon future.“That would be a transformative shift,” said Eis. “These are very bold plans from Biden, and it would be a huge signal to other countries. They would mean the US could start a race-to-the-top dynamic globally, especially with China, for a green recovery.”Biden wants to boost renewable energy, powering the US entirely through clean energy by 2035 and reaching net zero emissions by 2050, investing $1.7tn over the next decade, with the expectation of private investment taking the total to $5tn. However, his plans must pass a hostile Republican Senate and will face opposition and possible legal challenges from sections of US business, and potentially some states.Yet even if only a portion of Biden’s green plans survived intact, that could still have a powerful transformative effect, both on the US economy and around the world, said Eis. “You would expect there to be some compromise, but compared with where the US is now there would be a huge shift [in green spending] under a Biden presidency,” he said. “Many other countries are influenced by the perception of US leadership. Having the US at the G20 table pushing a green recovery would certainly help.”Countries failing to initiate a green recovery were missing out on the potential to create millions of jobs, added Ed Barbier, professor of economics at Colorado State University, whose landmark study of the 2008 financial crisis pegged that recovery as about 16% green. “There is huge potential for boosting employment, particularly in construction,” he said, pointing to measures such as installing home insulation, solar panels and electric car charging infrastructure, which are labour-intensive and often “shovel-ready”.While countries fail to muster a green recovery, they are also falling behind on their obligations under the Paris climate agreement. The International Energy Agency has calculated, exclusively for the Guardian, that countries are planning emissions cuts that amount to only 15% of the reductions needed to fulfil the Paris agreement. The IEA has also found that China’s emissions, which dipped sharply in the initial phases of the pandemic, have already rebounded to 2019 levels and are likely to exceed them.Fatih Birol, executive director of the IEA, said: “China has not yet started on a green recovery. But they have not yet missed the opportunity for a Chinese reset, if China changes its next five-year plan [due to be settled next March]. Whatever China builds now should be green.”Without China, a global green recovery looks impossible. “If China does not come up with green recovery packages, putting a new five-year plan in line with the target of net zero, then the world’s chances of reaching its climate targets will be close to zero,” Birol warned.Climate Action Tracker, an independent scientific analysis, found that governments in many countries, far from prioritising low-carbon growth, were bolstering carbon-intensive industries and loosening environmental regulations. Niklas Höhne, of the NewClimate Institute, one of the partner organisations behind CAT, warned: “What we’re seeing more of is governments using the pandemic recovery to roll back climate legislation and bail out the fossil fuel industry, especially in the US, but also in Brazil, Mexico, Australia, South Africa, Indonesia, Russia, Saudi Arabia and other countries.”However, Lord Nicholas Stern, the climate economist, said countries still had time to move into a new phase of recovery, where green spending could be prioritised. Most of the initial $12tn in rescue packages around the world has gone to increase liquidity, prop up wages and stop companies going bust, which offers little opportunity for greening.When it comes to the next stage, in a few months’ time, countries must have green plans ready, said Stern. “The green recovery has been delayed because we are still dealing with the virus, except in countries such as China,” he said. “Had we done better at managing the virus in Europe, I would have said we should be doing better by now [at a green recovery]. But we are still in the lockdown and rescue phase. The recovery can’t kick in until we are doing better at managing the virus.”On Thursday 12 November, join Guardian environment journalist Fiona Harvey for a livestreamed Guardian Live discussion on the climate emergency with Particia Espinosa, Nigel Topping and Nisreen Elsaim. Buy tickets here
907	3	"        The cover of the IPCC's fourth assessment report to the U.N., ""Climate Change 2007: Synthesis Report,"" more frequently referred to as AR4. (Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC))An unreleased draft of the U.N.’s next major climate report reportedly states that scientists are more certain than ever that man’s actions are warming the planet -- even as the report struggles to explain a slow-down in warming that climate skeptics have seized upon.Global surface temperatures rose rapidly during the 70s, but have been relatively flat over the past decade and a half, according to data from the U.K.’s weather-watching Met Office. Climate skeptics have spent months debating the weather pattern, some citing it as evidence that global warming itself has decelerated or even stopped.""The absence of any significant change in the global annual average temperature over the past 16 years has become one of the most discussed topics in climate science,"" wrote David Whitehouse of the Global Warming Policy Foundation in June. ""It has certainly focused the debate about the relative importance of greenhouse gas forcing of the climate versus natural variability.""A draft of the upcoming AR5 report by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), which is set for final release in Oct. 2014 and used by governments around the world, offers a variety of explanations for the mystery, Reuters reported, from ocean storage of heat to volcanoes.[pullquote]“Scientists believe causes could include: greater-than-expected quantities of ash from volcanoes, which dims sunlight; a decline in heat from the sun during a current 11-year solar cycle; more heat being absorbed by the deep oceans; or the possibility that the climate may be less sensitive than expected to a build-up of carbon dioxide,” explained Reuters environment correspondent Alister Doyle.The draft expresses “medium confidence” that the slowing in global warming ""due in roughly equal measure"" to those factors, Reuters said.""It might be down to minor contributions that all add up,"" said Gabriele Hegerl, a professor at Edinburgh University told the news agency. Or maybe the latest decade is simply a statistical blip, an anomaly in a larger trend.Climate bloggers were quick to dismiss all of the possible explanations for the slow down in heating up.""All of these fatuous figures are pulled out of the air to support the IPCC ideologies and not based upon any statistical analysis or science,"" said Marc Morano, a particularly outspoken climate skeptic who writes the popular blog Climate Depot.The U.N. arm responsible for the report released a statement to FoxNews.com on Monday stating that it was premature to draw conclusions from the leaked draft.“The text is likely to change in response to comments from governments received in recent weeks and will also be considered by governments and scientists at a four-day approval session at the end of September,” the statement said. “It is therefore premature and could be misleading to attempt to draw conclusions from it.”The report stresses that scientists are now 95 percent certain that man’s actions are responsible for global warming, and that action is key to avert a coming crises.“The report is simply an exclamation mark on what we already knew: Climate change is real and it continues unabated, the primary cause is fossil fuel burning, and if we don’t do something to reduce carbon emissions we can expect far more dangerous and potentially irreversible impacts on us,” climate scientist Michael Mann wrote to Climate Progress.The U.N. agency's report is sure to face intense scrutiny. The 2007 iteration was widely lambasted over flaws and sloppy information, notably the claim that global warming would cause the Himalayas to melt by 2035."
195	5	More than 11,000 scientists have “clearly and unequivocally” declared a climate emergency that could bring “untold suffering” unless there are significant transformations in the way humans live. “Scientists have a moral obligation to clearly warn humanity of any great existential threat,” the signatories, who hail from 153 countries, said in a paper published in BioScience magazine on Tuesday.“To secure a sustainable future, we must change how we live … [This] entails major transformations in the ways our global society functions and interacts with natural ecosystems.”The signatories suggest six steps that would lessen the worst effects of climate change: replacing fossil fuels with low-carbon renewables; reducing the emissions of pollutants such as methane; protecting the Earth’s ecosystems; eating mostly plant-based foods and fewer animal products; creating a carbon-free economy and stabilising the human population.In their statement, the alliance of scientists, led by William Ripple and Christopher Wolf of Oregon State University in the United States, said the climate crisis is “accelerating faster” than most researchers expected.“Despite 40 years of global climate negotiations, with few exceptions, we have generally conducted business as usual and have largely failed to address this predicament,” they wrote.“Especially worrisome are potential irreversible climate tipping points and nature’s reinforcing feedbacks (atmospheric, marine, and terrestrial) that could lead to a catastrophic ‘hothouse Earth’, well beyond the control of humans,” they said.The scientists say they are “encouraged by a recent surge of concern” over the climate crisis, demonstrated by the student-led Fridays for Future movement and other grassroots campaigns.“As the Alliance of World Scientists, we stand ready to assist decision-makers in a just transition to a sustainable and equitable future,” the paper concludes, adding that humanity should “act to sustain life on planet Earth, our only home”.Thomas Newsome, one of the authors of the report, said that even though some of the effects of climate change are already evident, the scientists still believe there is time to reduce greenhouse gase emissions “and hopefully change the trajectory of the graphical indicators that we presented in the paper”.Small individual changes that people make in their day-to-day lives, such as reducing meat consumption,  reducing air travel and using renewable enerfy sources are going to make “larger scale impacts,” Newsome told Al Jazeera from Sydney.“It’s also going to influence policy makers, business communities and governments to really start taking the much bigger steps that are needed at a global scale to tackle this problem of climate change.  “All of the indicators in our paper are heading in the wrong direction and we are clear in advocating for global action against – what we are calling – a climate emergency.”The letter’s publication comes one day after US President Donald Trump begun the process to quit Washington’s participation in the landmark Paris climate accord, which seeks to fight climate change by mutual reductions in climate emissions.Washington presented its withdrawal letter to the United Nations on Monday, the first possible date under the accord negotiated by Trump’s predecessor Barack Obama, making the world’s largest economy the sole outlier from the agreement.But Chinese President Xi Jinping and his French counterpart, Emmanuel Macron, declared on Wednesday that the Paris climate pact is “irreversible”.Key powers expressed regret and concern after Trump went ahead with the pullout despite mounting evidence of the reality and effect of climate change.In a joint statement released after Xi and Macron held talks in Beijing, the two leaders reaffirmed “their firm support for the Paris accord which they consider as an irreversible process and a compass for strong action on climate”.Without directly naming the US, Macron said he “deplores the choices made by others” as he sat next to Xi following the talks.
924	0	Manawatū bus riders will finally be able to use a ticketing system that has been in the pipeline for years. Councils across New Zealand have been working towards having a joint ticketing system, named the Bee Card​. The card is a tag-on, tag-off system, like Snapper in Wellington and Auckland’s Hop Card. The system collects much better data than the Go Card used in Manawatū for years, which only requires tagging on. READ MORE: * New prepay bus fare system for Hamilton * Flat fee for Dunedin bus users proposed  * New bus ticket system delayed in Manawatū - again  People can also top up online, have one account to manage multiple cards and register cards in case they are stolen or lost. The Bee Card can be used for public transport in Manawatū, Whanganui, Hawke's Bay, Invercargill, Otago, Nelson, Northland, Taranaki and Waikato. The Bee Card launched in Whanganui in December and was supposed to roll out across Manawatū in January. But system problems delayed that until April or May, with launch further delayed due to the coronavirus lockdown. But the system finally goes live on Monday. The required hardware was installed in all buses beforehand. Horizons Regional Council transport services manager Rhona Hewitt​ said it was great to get the Bee Card up and running. “The old system was at the end of its life and really needed to be replaced.” Knowing where people got on and off the bus would give much better data, which would help with planning bus routes. Being able to share data between regions would also help, she said. Spreading the word about the Bee Card had been difficult. People went to schools and rest homes to tell people about it, and people were employed as “ambusadors” to talk to bus users, in the weeks leading up to the Whanganui launch. But a different tactic was required for the Manawatū rollout due to coronavirus restrictions, Hewitt said. Drivers had been especially important for spreading the word and anecdotal evidence showed plenty of people had picked up a Bee Card in time for Monday. Students and Gold Card holders can continue to show their identification, because the Bee Card will be updated later in the year to take their concessions, Hewitt said. Bee Cards are available on the bus, at beecard.co.nz, via freephone 0508 800 800 or by going to Horizons’ offices in Palmerston North and Whanganui.  Information about transferring balances between the old Go Card system and the Bee Card system is available from the same places.
948	5	"The nature documentary Blue Planet II, which was narrated by Sir David Attenborough, may not have caused people to move away from choosing plastic, new research suggests.The BBC programme, broadcast in 2017, highlighted humanity’s impact on the oceans and the growing problem of plastic pollution.It was credited with the “Blue Planet effect,” which saw people choosing to consume less plastic by opting for reusable items such as water bottles over single-use versions.However, an experiment by Imperial College London and the University of Oxford suggests that although watching the documentary increased environmental awareness in a group of volunteers, it did not translate into choosing to use fewer single-use plastics.First author Matilda Dunn, from the Centre for Environmental Policy at Imperial, said: ""The findings from our experiment are counter to the popular idea that Blue Planet II reduced viewers' preference for plastic, instead demonstrating that human behaviors are complex and determined by more than just knowledge.The team split 150 people into two groups and asked them to complete questionnaire measuring their understanding of and attitudes towards marine conservation ideas.Read our full mailing list consent terms hereRead our full mailing list consent terms hereOne group was then shown the original The Blue Planet documentary, which was broadcast in 2001 and contained no plastic or ocean conservation messages, while the other was shown Blue Planet II. Both groups then filled out the same questionnaire.Before and after both showings, the participants were offered a choice of drinks and snacks which were either in paper or plastic packaging. The researchers controlled for other differences between the options, such as flavours or sizes of the snacks, such as by offering the same soft drinks in both plastic and paper cups.The study,  published in published in Conservation Science and Practice, found that although watching Blue Planet II greatly increased the participants’ understanding of marine conservation ideas, there was no significant difference in the choices people made between plastic and paper-packaged snacks.Co-author Dr. Morena Mills, from the Centre for Environmental Policy at Imperial, said: ""Many previous studies of people's preference for plastic rely on individuals reporting their own preference, which can be unreliable. We are the first to use this type of experimental design along with measuring observed behaviors to test the hypothesis.""The researchers are planning to use their evaluation method to test the effectiveness of other conservation-related mass media interventions."
654	3	"The effects of climate change are all too real. The world is warming, sea levels are rising, species are on the verge of extinction and millions of people are suffering — both physically and mentally.Although these effects can be seen and felt all around us, the data measuring these impacts can be complex and confusing if not presented properly.That's where visual data scientists come in. Their job is to collect and convey statistics showing the impacts of climate change so that governments and policymakers can make informed decisions based on the best available evidence.If that evidence is too complex or too broad to understand, then policymakers could have a hard time deciding on how best to handle certain problems.That's according to visual data scientist Thomas Nocke from Germany's Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research, who says visuals are vital when conveying large amounts of data.""Of course, you cannot explain everything that's behind the statistics and you need to target the correct audience, but visuals are easily digestible and easily understood and can be used to present complex information directly and in powerful ways,"" he told DW. Read more: Will AI change the future of music? Nocke admitted, however, that scientific visuals are somewhat limited — and that this limitation can hinder development and progress when used to inform the public. ""We don't enjoy the same creative freedom that artists enjoy, which means our visuals can only go so far in raising awareness,"" he added.Climate data artMaja Petric, an artist who lives on the American Pacific coast in Seattle, wants to raise the bar and convey climate data in unique, inspiring ways so that more people can become aware of climate issues.""I'm very passionate about using cutting-edge technologies such as AI as an artistic tool to engage people's emotions. That's why I've created a custom AI system called AIEye to capture people's perspective on climate change,"" she said.Petric explained that the AIEye algorithm she helped to create with computer scientist Mihai Jalobeanu searches thousands of images on the internet for climate change-related phenomena, such as air pollution, global warming, overpopulation and deforestation. The system then processes all the found images, analyzes their salient properties and summarizes the data into one image — or an image within thousands of evolving images — that she calls the ""Lost Skies.""The images used for Lost Skies come from Hurricane Maria, California wildfires and other natural disasters. The purpose of the images, she explained, is intended to express the essence of nature affected by climate change.AI advantages in artBut she admitted that her artwork wouldn't have been possible without artificial intelligence.""My AIEye program sifted, learned and reasoned through massive amounts of data that no human would ever be able to review,"" she explained.That being said, Petric is firm that human creativity created the project, and that it was her imagination that got things off the ground in the first place. And while some people fear the advancements of artificial intelligence and how the new technology could impact the world, Petric welcomes its inclusion.""AI will not replace art. I believe AI has a capability to exceed certain human abilities, but I believe that human creativity is not one of them,"" she said.Read more: AI could help us protect the environment — or destroy itAI has also been instrumental in other fields, and most recently has aided students at Stanford University as an environmental monitoring tool in detecting environmental violations through data analysis and predicting where funds can yield the most benefits. It has also helped in reducing energy consumption in Google data centers around the world.In a way, artificial intelligence has become a game changer in fighting climate change. And it's about to make a lasting impact in the art world as well.""It's important for artists to use AI and it's crucial for AI to be used by artists. AI will shape our world more in the next 100 years, and as a woman artist, I want to be part of that conversation right now,"" Petric said.Bridging art and science Petric also highlighted the importance of science in art.""In many ways, my art is inspired and shaped by science. Science provides us with information, facts and organized knowledge that can be cognitively processed. Art, meanwhile, is a medium that is deeply visceral and has potential to emotionally convey data, information and stories. As such, art is moving and can make a lasting impact,"" she said.Thomas Nocke, who had some experience creating data artwork as a university student, welcomes the artwork and others like it but says science is still the most important medium when presenting data. ""I worry that such artwork maybe takes too much away from the data. But in the end, climate science needs visuals and typically, these visuals are very important,"" he said."
870	4	“WE’VE shown what’s possible when the world stands as one,” declared Barack Obama after UN climate talks in Paris ended with an agreement on December 12th. “Our collective effort is worth more than the sum of our individual effort,” said Laurent Fabius, France’s foreign minister, who oversaw the talks. “I can go back home to my people and say we now have a pathway to survival,” said Tony de Brum, the Marshall Islands’ foreign minister, voicing an opinion shared in other low-lying spots where people are terrified of rising sea levels.The deal inspiring these eulogies was indeed stronger than had been expected. The 195 countries at the meeting agreed on the goal of keeping the increase in the global average temperature to “well below 2°C above pre-industrial levels and pursuing efforts to limit the temperature increase to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels”. They will also pursue a goal of zero net emissions—removing as much greenhouse gas from the atmosphere as is being added to it—by the second half of the century.In all, 187 countries have vowed to make “intended nationally determined contributions” (INDCs). Their pledges are lodged with the secretariat of the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC), which convened the Paris talks. The limits these place on future greenhouse-gas emissions are too weak to ensure that the agreed limit on warming will not be breached (see chart). Yet the deal still signals progress on a number of fronts. It is the sort of success, those urging climate action insist, that will start a virtuous circle for further progress.The main sticking points were deciding who should do what—and who should pay. The UNFCCC, which dates from the 1992 Rio Earth Summit, calls on nations to act “in accordance with their common but differentiated responsibilities”. This “differentiation”, which distinguishes between rich countries and the rest, was a feature of the UNFCCC’s first offspring, the ill-fated Kyoto protocol. That committed developed countries—responsible for almost all greenhouse-gas emissions to that point—to emit less but demanded almost nothing of developing ones. For big developing economies, maintaining this distinction has long been a priority.In Paris the line started to blur, partly because holding the world’s biggest emitter (China) and second-biggest (America) to drastically different standards was hard to sustain. The new agreement requires a flow of $100 billion a year from developed countries to developing ones by 2020, much of it to be spent on adapting to climate change, rather than attempting to stop it. The total is to be reconsidered in 2025, and donor countries are required to provide explicit updates on what they will be giving, and to whom, every couple of years. Though most of the money is expected to come from rich countries, others are “encouraged” to pitch in, too, if they can afford to.That is a big step away from the previous hard line on differentiation. Similar progress was seen elsewhere, for example in the framework that lays out how to ensure that countries are doing what they say they are. It looks as though efforts in large developing countries will be subject to more scrutiny than in the past.But there remains the awkward fact that the INDCs are not remotely strong enough to ensure the 1.5°C pledge is honoured. This serious flaw was foreordained. The experience of Copenhagen, six years ago, showed that insistence on a pre-set goal would make agreement impossible: in a zero-sum game all players will want others to do more while they do less. Having countries sign up only to what they think they can do made agreement in Paris possible—but ensured that it would be weak.The actions outlined in the Paris pledges would be expected to lead to global warming of around 3°C. Given that there has already been about 1°C of warming, the measures required to stay below 1.5°C would be beyond heroic. Work by Joeri Rogelj of the International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis near Vienna and colleagues suggests that it would mean net emissions having to fall to zero in at most 40 years.The 1.5°C limit is thus a symbol rather than a goal: a demonstration that the risks of climate change are being taken seriously. The 3°C implied by the INDCs, however, is not the last word. The Paris deal includes mechanisms to ratchet up the ambitions of national pledges. Fresh talks will be held in 2018 to take stock; countries will set themselves a new set of goals in 2020. The stock-taking and goal-setting will be repeated every five years. That process should become easier as low-carbon energy becomes cheaper. The existing INDCs include a lot of renewables: the pledges from China and India alone could double the world’s wind and solar capacity within 15 years. As these plans are carried out, and new technology projects start to bear fruit, the next generation of investment should provide more bang for the buck.Even so, most experts agree with John Holdren, Mr Obama’s science adviser, that limiting warming to 1.5°C will require that some of the carbon dioxide emitted in the first half of the century is sucked back out of the atmosphere in the second half. Reforestation could help (see article). But to soak up really large amounts of carbon will require technologies capable of storing carbon dioxide deep underground.One idea is to grow plants—thus sucking carbon dioxide out of the atmosphere—burn them in power stations and bury the resulting carbon dioxide. But doing this at the scale required would mean growing fuel over millions of square kilometres. The world does not have that land to spare. An alternative would be some sort of industrial process. At present, though, there is no proven technology capable of working on anything like the scale required, let alone at a reasonable price.Even so, the undeniable progress made in Paris has led boosters to hail it as the beginning of the end of the fossil-fuel era. Though some parts are not binding, analysts say that the prospect of demand for oil peaking in the next few decades and then declining may have added to the bearishness that has recently pushed oil prices below $40 a barrel. A long rout in shares of coal-mining firms has deepened. On December 14th Peabody Energy, America’s largest coal miner, fell by 13%.Coal firms, however, are clinging to the hope that developing countries will provide enough new demand to persuade investors not to dump their shares. India, for example, generates 71% of its electricity from coal. Its INDC makes no commitment to cut total emissions; its pledge to install 100 gigawatts (GW) of solar power capacity by 2022, up from just 5GW now, would require reforms to its electricity sector that stretch credulity. Such weaknesses in pledges may stem the rush out of fossil fuels. China’s emissions-trading scheme, due to start in 2017, may well fail for lack of transparency. And its offer to ensure that emissions decline after 2030, though perhaps plausible, is somewhat undermined by the fact that no one quite knows how much carbon it emits now. Recent research has come up with wildly varying figures. Energy markets may respond only when national governments are seen to be serious at home about the environmental pledges they have made abroad.Meanwhile Paris may inspire leaders of cities and companies to redouble their efforts. Firms including Apple, Google and Unilever are taking steps towards cutting their emissions by large amounts, as are some big cities, including Hong Kong, London and Rio de Janeiro. An agreement marking international acceptance of the risks of climate change, and the necessity of co-operating to tackle them, will bolster such efforts.
781	5	ARTISTS HAVE long been inspired by the great issues of their day. Eugène Delacroix’s topless amazon, Liberty, celebrated the revolution that toppled the French king in 1830. Picasso’s “Guernica” mourned the horror of the Spanish civil war. Earlier this month a panel backed by the UN warned that 1m species were under threat because of human interference. So it is fitting that the Venice Biennale, which opened as those findings were released, should at last have discovered the theme of climate change. Alas, much of the resulting art is polemical rather than arresting.For instance, Christine and Margaret Wertheim’s hand-crocheted coral reefs look good on Instagram, but in “May You Live In Interesting Times”, an international exhibition curated by Ralph Rugoff of the Hayward Gallery in London, they fall flat. In the Biennale’s national pavilions, the Canadians are showing well-meaning videos about the impact of the changing climate on the Inuit people. Artists in the Nordic pavilion have strung leguminous loops of green tissue and red “seaweed” on a clothesline. Humanity has hung the planet out to dry, they seem to say: hardly an original metaphor.One of the most memorable previous examples of climate-change art was Olafur Eliasson’s “Weather Project”, in which the Icelandic artist rigged up a huge circular mirror and orange lights to suffuse Tate Modern’s Turbine Hall in a golden glow. It seemed to bring the sun into the lives of the more than 2m people who visited the show in 2003; it returns this July. Two artists who seem to be influenced by that installation are Joan Jonas (pictured) and Dane Mitchell.Both have brought powerful works to Venice (itself threatened by rising seas). In the New Zealand pavilion, Mr Mitchell has gathered a list of 3m things that no longer exist—extinct species but also ghost towns, discontinued perfumes, vanished borders. The list is being declaimed in what amounts to an epic poem of loss; the history of progress, it implies, is also a history of obsolescence. The roll-call is so long it can be read out for eight hours a day, seven days a week for the six months of the Biennale, and no item will ever be repeated.Ms Jonas combines film and performance in a piece created for Ocean Space, a new platform that brings together scientists and artists. On a stage in a Venetian church, she dances and mimes like a water wraith. Behind her is a video she shot of the ocean around Jamaica. At nearly 83, Ms Jonas slips into the blue. In a chiffon dress that discreetly masks her aged limbs, she glides through the water—a reminder that humans emerged from the sea and many still live by its bounty. With climate-change art, as with all kinds, it is the effect on the heart, as much as the head, that counts.
539	3	"Data featured in Al Gore's film turns out to be more complicated than simple graphsThis article is from the archive of our partner .Two different climate change scientists at opposite ends of the political spectrum have backtracked on their positions in the last couple of days, indicating that Al Gore's method of simultaneously scaring and inspiring everybody with graphs, while effective, might not be sustainable.On Monday, Edward Wegman, the leading critic of that famous ""hockey stick"" graph, which shows a sharp uptick in atmospheric carbon dioxide in recent years (and which plays a key role in An Inconvenient Truth), had his paper retracted because much of it was plagiarized. Then today Robert Socolow, who came up with those ""wedges"" that Gore uses at the end of his film to demonstrate that the problem is surmountable, said he regretted making the solution seem so simple. Those inspired by the theory took it farther.  If Socolow's wedges could stabilize emissions with a 3-degree rise, they said, even bigger wedges could actually bring greenhouse gases back down to a level resulting in only a 2-degree rise. (This is the goal that 140 nations have pledged to try to achieve in the Copenhagen Accord.)""Our paper was outflanked by the left,"" Socolow said.  But he admits he did not protest enough: ""I never aligned myself with the 2-degree statement, but I never said it was too much.""The two stories aren't necessarily analogous--one's about plagiarized research and the other's about a regrettable demonstration of data--but they both highlight the difficulty of getting hard, scientific facts into the debate on humans' effect on climate change and our approach to curbing it. In fact, scientists pretty much agree that the world is getting warmer, and humans are to blame, but demonstrating that proves a continuous challenge.This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire.We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com."
652	0	IN JUNE MWAZULU DIYABANZA marched into the Musée du Quai Branly in Paris with four friends. “I’ve come to recover goods that were stolen from Africa,” he said, seizing a funerary statue from South Sudan. With 70,000 objects, the Quai Branly has France’s biggest stash of African artefacts. Three years ago President Emmanuel Macron promised they would start to be returned. “I cannot accept that a large share of several African countries’ cultural heritage be kept in France,” he said during a speech in Burkina Faso.Yet progress has been slow; Mr Diyabanza and his associates have lost patience. “We have the right to remove what belongs to us because it’s our patrimony,” the activist announced on YouTube, “and we’re going to take it home.” Instead, the friends were arrested, charged with theft and are awaiting trial.Away from the spotlight, another group is also trying to sharpen the debate on restitution, this time from the inside. In America and Europe curators are speaking out about the colonial past of Western museums. Many of them became curators in the early 2000s when the idea of institutions as “world museums”, where visitors could compare cultures from all over the globe, was fashionable. But underpinning this viewpoint, one Western museum director says, was a selfish attitude of “what’s mine is mine and what’s yours is mine.”These curators were emboldened by the report Mr Macron commissioned soon after his return from west Africa, which was published in 2018. In it, Felwine Sarr, a Senegalese economist, and Bénédicte Savoy, a French art historian, argued that the time had come for a “new relational ethics” in the discussion about the return of Africa’s cultural heritage. Since then, the Black Lives Matter and Rhodes Must Fall movements have only made these curators more determined. “Conversations about monuments outside are being applied to monuments inside,” says Dan Hicks, who oversees world archaeology at Oxford’s treasure-laden Pitt Rivers Museum. “Especially where they have a common history in terms of racism.”Some of the most eloquent activist curators include Nanette Snoep, a Dutch anthropologist who runs the ethnological collections in Cologne; Chip Colwell, until recently a curator of Native American culture at the Denver Museum of Nature and Science; and Wayne Modest, the head of the Research Centre for Material Culture in Leiden, whose research focuses on slavery in the Caribbean. Mr Hicks may be about to become the best-known among them.After working for nearly a decade as a digger on archaeological sites, Mr Hicks went to Oxford University in 1994 to read archaeology and anthropology. For his postgraduate work, he transferred to Bristol, where he learned about the city’s role in the transatlantic slave trade—a past that was dragged into the present when protesters against racism toppled a statue of Edward Colston, a profiteer from that trade, in June. Fieldwork in the Caribbean for his PhD pitched him deeper into debates about the history and legacy of empire.In 2007 Mr Hicks joined the Pitt Rivers Museum. His first task was to study its collection, a mishmash of 500,000 objects. By 2015 Mr Hicks had a good idea where most of the items came from, but a social-media post by Rhodes Must Fall made him reconsider a wooden display case containing “Court Art of Benin”. The items had been “brought” to Britain, the label said, after a military skirmish. The tweet was pointed: “The Pitt Rivers Museum is one of the most violent spaces in Oxford #BeninBronzes”.Knowing that object labels can be economical with the truth, Mr Hicks extended his research. He joined the Benin Dialogue Group, a salon of European museums and authorities in Benin City, but felt their ideas were too timid. In November Mr Hicks will publish his manifesto, “The Brutish Museums: The Benin Bronzes, Colonial Violence and Cultural Restitution” (Pluto Press). Using military and trade records, it shows how closely the Benin Bronzes, brutal expansionism and museums are linked.By the late 1800s the Oba of Benin oversaw an empire that sold slaves, ivory and ebony in exchange for metal coinage, blades and guns. Britain was determined to seize control of this trade. When it learned that a small party approaching Edo, the capital of the kingdom of Benin, in January 1897 had been attacked, and seven British delegates killed, it quickly retaliated with a punitive expedition. Over 5,000 men from the British Royal Marines and the Niger Coast Protectorate, armed with 38 Maxim machineguns and 2m rounds of ammunition, razed the oba’s palace and the city, but not before they had packed up its vast collection of ivory and brass objects.The small trading party was bait, Mr Hicks believes, a means to justify the dismemberment of the Benin empire. British soldiers seized and sold over 5,000 bronze objects (no one is quite sure precisely how many). They are now dispersed among more than 160 institutions, including the British Museum which, with around 900 pieces, has the single biggest hoard. There are also many private collectors, some of them descendants of soldiers who took part in the sacking.“To the people of Benin and to Nigerians generally the Benin Bronzes represent a great artistic and spiritual loss,” says Ben Okri, a Nigerian poet and novelist. They “are a constant reminder of the Western disrespect for their traditions and their history.” Museums that fail to acknowledge this loss, and the destruction associated with it, collude in that violence, Mr Hicks argues. “The arrival of loot into the hands of Western curators, its continued display in our museums and its hiding away in private collections, was not some art-historical incident,” he says, “but an enduring brutality that is refreshed every day that a museum...opens its doors.”The title of his book, “The Brutish Museums”, is spelled out in the same font that the British Museum uses, and the cover’s hue matches the museum’s stone-clad walls. It is a clear challenge to the 267-year-old institution, which mostly refuses to hand back artworks to the countries that produced them. “I think it’s misleading to call the British Museum the brutish museum,” says Hartwig Fischer, its director, who has not read the book. “The museum is engaged with the partners in Benin City in a long-term, comprehensive collaboration that aims at a sustainable development of cultural heritage.”The royal court in Benin City plans to build a museum of its own, though work has not begun and it has yet to make a formal request to the Pitt Rivers or the British Museum. “But how many times do they really have to ask?” Mr Hicks says. “We shouldn’t have anything in that’s nicked. It’s as simple as that.” Last month Oxford University, which oversees the Pitt Rivers, published its formal procedures for dealing with restitution claims for objects taken under duress.Beyond his own museum, Mr Hicks has joined forces with Ms Savoy, the co-author of the French report, on a £700,000 ($915,000) research project into the origins of collections in Britain and Germany. The Open Society Foundations (OSF) has also pledged $15m to help African organisations reclaim artefacts. Using $1m of that grant, Mr Hicks is establishing a museum network called Action for Restitution to Africa, working with curators in Europe as well as in Egypt, Ghana and South Africa. “We understood...that we could with our investment create some real binding connective tissue between academics, activists, artists, civil-society actors and governmental actors,” says Patrick Gaspard, president of the OSF.There are still hearts and minds to win over within institutions. In 2019 Mr Hicks launched #BeninDisplays, a Twitter campaign which urges museums with Benin collections to provide honest contextual information. He hopes that the efforts of curators, as well as activists, will cause a reckoning over restitution that many believe should have happened long ago. ■
51	5	"Unlike New Zealand, most countries are focused on methane emissions that leak from pipelines. Photo / APMore than 70 countries, including the United States and New Zealand, have promised to reduce methane emissions by 30 per cent by 2030. Writing for The Nation, US journalist Amy Westervelt asks: Is it enough?This week at COP26, more than 70 countries, led by the European Union and the United States, formally announced their commitment to the Global Methane Pledge: a promise to reduce methane emissions by 30 per cent by 2030. Some of the world's largest methane emitters - China, Russia, Australia - did not sign on, and the G20 failed to commit to the pledge this week. But activists say the global pledge is important nonetheless.""The power in this is that for the first time you're going to have leaders of countries standing up saying, 'We're committing to reducing methane emissions in the very near term,'"" said Jonathan Banks, international director of the Clean Air Task Force. Banks added that the global pledge will unlock funding from the nonprofit sector, and in fact philanthropies have already vowed to give $200 million to Governments to help countries reduce their methane emissions.Sharon Wilson, senior field advocate and optical imaging specialist for EarthWorks, is less optimistic, but still positive about the pledge.""I do think the pledge is significant, because it draws global attention to a global problem,"" she told me. But Wilson stresses that ""a pledge is just words on paper."" Delivering actual methane reductions will be far trickier.Methane is a potent greenhouse gas, with more than 80 times the warming power of CO2. It's also far more short-lived, which means tackling it quickly could delay warming, ideally long enough to get a handle on CO2 emissions. Methane is responsible for about 25 per cent of warming in the past decade.A recent UN report found that if human-caused methane emissions were cut by 45 per cent by 2030, 0.3C of warming could be prevented by mid-century. The Global Methane Assessment, released in May 2021, found that reducing methane emissions by 45 per cent in this decade could keep global warming to 1.5C by the end of the century, the goal of the Paris Agreement.That math also includes animal agriculture, which accounts for 32 per cent of human-caused methane emissions.The Global Methane Pledge covers all sectors, but attention has primarily been focused on the fossil fuel industry. United Nations Environment Program chief Inger Andresen was quick to point out that methane reductions are not a ""get out of jail free"" card on climate.It won't be easy to ensure that the Global Methane Pledge is more than just words on paper.First, there's the lack of specific requirements or policies; and, like every other pledge out of the COP in recent decades, the pledge lacks any sort of enforcement mechanism. And then there's the fact that methane is notoriously under-reported. Without an accurate baseline, how can we measure progress toward that 30 per cent reduction goal?The oil and gas industry has been making similar pledges for years. And it claims to be following through on its promises to reduce methane emissions. To hear American Petroleum Institute President Mike Sommers speak at last week's climate disinformation hearing in the US House of Representatives, you would have thought the API spends most of its time tackling methane emissions instead of lobbying against regulation. But the fact is that the industry self-reports methane emissions, and it does so based on a formula that enables underreporting on a massive scale.It's complicated, but in broad strokes: when a company buys equipment from a manufacturer, it comes with an emissions factor. And that's where the problem begins, because emissions factors are really just estimates of the volume of pollutants a piece of equipment might release—and under the best possible conditions, when it is being perfectly maintained.Here's the EPA describing how these estimates are made: ""In most cases, these factors are simply averages of all available data of acceptable quality, and are generally assumed to be representative of long-term averages.""That's not very precise! Oil and gas companies do not observe the equipment in the field. They simply take the manufacturer's emissions factor and multiply it by the number of machines they've got. So you could have a piece of equipment that's faulty, or that's been damaged by weather, or that's been poorly maintained, that's just ripping methane into the air, but it would still be reported as emitting just what the manufacturer speculated it would under the best possible circumstances. In other words, actual emissions are not being measured or observed, let alone reported.""They get the factor from the equipment manufacturer, and they want their number to be favourable,"" Wilson said. ""So it starts with a favourable number, and it just gets more favourable down the line.""A recent study from the Environmental Defense Fund found that actual methane emissions in the United States are 60 per cent higher than what the Environmental Protection Agency is reporting based on the industry's self-reported numbers. Earthworks puts that number at closer to 100 per cent. Still, at least there's some reporting happening in the fossil fuel sector. Ranchers are not required to report their operations' methane emissions.On the one hand, we might have more accurate numbers on that sector, because the data we have has been gathered by researchers, not self-reported. On the other, it's hard to manage what you don't even track.Despite the GOP talking point that the climate-conscious are trying to take away America's hamburgers, there's been very little attention at the policy level on agricultural emissions. Again, the Global Methane Pledge is sector-agnostic. And some big ranching countries have signed on - most notably, Brazil.But the United States seems to be largely focused on the fossil fuel industry, where it's assumed that there are relatively easy and straightforward ways to curb methane—at least enough to deliver a 30 per cent reduction this decade, according to the Global Methane Assessment.Banks said he thinks emergent satellite technology will help solve the problem of methane emissions tracking, and he told me that the problem of bad data on methane is improving. So far, the United States has not joined the International Methane Emissions Observatory (IMEO), a UN Environment Program project, which was launched at Sunday's G20 meeting in Rome and aims to offer ""the world's most comprehensive, real-time methane pollution data.""The effort leans heavily on the Oil and Gas Methane Partnership 2.0, an international framework for methane reporting that only two American companies have signed on to - neither of them an oil major. The OGMP 2.0 requires actual measurement of methane emissions across the fossil fuel supply chain, so not just upstream production but also transportation, processing, and refining - all of which come with major emissions that are often left out of the United States' self-reporting approach. While ExxonMobil and Chevron have publicly supported the Global Methane Pledge, and made various commitments to curbing their methane emissions, neither has embraced the OGMP 2.0.""Without IMEO the [Global Methane] pledge risks being just a pledge,"" IMEO acting head Manfredi Caltagirone told the Financial Times this week, noting that the United States could have led by example and urged American companies to join the OGMP 2.0 as well. Banks said signing on to the IMEO is ""likely to be mentioned in the pledge"", which itself would go a long way toward addressing the reporting issue.Beyond reporting and emissions data, the key to making the pledge more than an empty promise in the United States will come down to the states, according to both Wilson and Banks. The last remaining regulation on methane in President Joe Biden's Build Back Better bill was just axed due in large part to Senator Joe Manchin. But Banks said that no matter what's happening at the federal level, state policy can confront the methane threat.""Even during the Trump years, we made progress,"" he said. ""But I also think the tide has turned on this issue. I mean, there are still some gas companies fighting things, but the larger companies, they see the writing on the wall.""Wilson has less faith in the corporations. ""They've been making promises on methane and breaking them for a decade. I'm ready to break up with oil and gas. They don't keep their promises,"" she said. ""There are voluntary measures that are recommended by the API that would save workers' lives, and they won't do 'em!""For Wilson, who operates in Texas, state policy is only as good as the enforcement of it, which she says is all but nonexistent in her part of the country.""The oil and gas industry has never been adequately regulated,"" she said. ""We have been calling for the EPA to step in and enforce the Clean Air Act. They can do that. But with what army? It's gonna take a small army for each state to adequately do this.""Wilson would like to see an end to all new permits, along with proper regulation of existing oil and gas infrastructure. While the industry mostly uses the word ""leak"" regarding methane, implying some sort of accident, Wilson has documented time and again that the intentional release of methane is far more common. That happens when gas operations flare - ie burn off - gas that it does not make business sense to sell or that is ""sour"", meaning it contains hydrogen sulphide and is toxic.Companies will also vent methane - release the gas directly into the atmosphere, after a well is fracked or as a normal part of maintenance. These are not accidental releases; they're part of the standard process of drilling for, refining and distributing gas.""We'll never bring levels down if the industry just keeps expanding,"" she said. ""The industry cannot reliably stop methane emissions—all of their available tech is not reliable. We need to stop new permits.""Still, she thinks the Global Methane Pledge is a step in the right direction: ""I think the Global Methane Pledge could be a way to bring the methane problem to the forefront, to really raise awareness about methane. It's the-low hanging fruit on climate. If we could quickly get on top of that, it could really buy us time.""Amy Westervelt is a journalist who runs Critical Frequency, a network of climate podcasts, including Drilled and Hot Take. This column is part of Covering Climate Now, a global journalism collaboration cofounded by Columbia Journalism Review and The Nation to strengthen coverage of the climate story."
321	0	If you thought there was a machine that could magically remove carbon dioxide from the atmosphere and bury it underground, would you be less likely to worry about reducing your own carbon footprint?The question is not entirely hypothetical. Geoengineering is the catch-all term for a suite of technologies that could one day be used to alter the Earth’s climate and combat global warming. Most of them are unlikely to ever see the light of day: they are considered too risky, too unpredictable, or too reckless to be taken seriously by the scientific community. But the warnings from scientists about the dangers of a warmer world (and the inadequacy of existing climate policies) have become shriller by the year. And as a result, the voices whispering that geoengineering could one day become a reality have grown harder to ignore. As geoengineering has gradually moved on to the policy agenda, debates about the ethics of meddling with the global thermostat have become more prominent. Central among these is whether geoengineering might undermine fragile public and political support for the more pressing business of reducing carbon emissions.This is what is known by economists and philosophers as a ‘moral hazard’ argument: the phenomenon whereby people who feel insured against a particular risk are more likely to exhibit risky behaviour. Will the prospect of geoengineering make people feel ‘insured’ against the risks of climate change, and indulge in ‘riskier’ environmental behaviour themselves?In a paper published in the Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society on Monday, my colleague Nick Pidgeon and I attempted to answer that question. Using a nationally representative online survey, we provided 610 people with a ‘factsheet’ about geoengineering, and then asked them a series of questions. One striking finding was that some people seem more susceptible to the ‘trap’ of the moral hazard than others.People who were wealthier, and who identified with self-focused values such as power and status, were more likely to agree with the statement “Knowing geoengineering is a possibility makes me feel less inclined to make changes in my own behaviour to tackle climate change.” In general, people who are wealthier have bigger carbon footprints. Our findings suggest that people with bigger carbon footprints may treat geoengineering as an excuse to avoid personal behavioural changes. People in the study who held pro-environmental values didn’t see themselves as susceptible to the moral hazard, but feared that other people – and especially politicians – would take their eye off the ball if geoengineering was on the horizon.Perhaps unsurprisingly, climate change sceptics were not particularly worried that geoengineering would distract attention from other climate policies. After all, if someone doesn’t support policies to tackle climate change in the first place, then the moral hazard of geoengineering is really not a hazard at all. Previous research has suggested, though, that geoengineering could be more appealing to sceptics than existing climate policies (as it doesn’t involve regulating industries or government intervention in people’s daily lives) or that it could even galvanise support for climate change among this group. But our findings did not back this. Learning about geoengineering from the information provided in our study didn’t alter levels of concern about climate change among sceptical participants.This is the first time that any systematic evidence has been produced on how this key aspect of the geoengineering debate will shape the public discourse as it moves into the mainstream. What seems clear is that people with different values (and views on climate change) will respond to the logic of the moral hazard argument in very different ways. For those deeply worried by society’s inadequate response to climate change, and doubtful of politicians’ commitment to the issue, the moral hazard of geoengineering confirms their worst fears. But for people with an inconveniently large carbon footprint – or those who had no intention of reducing it in the first place – the prospect of geoengineering could be less a of a moral hazard and more of a ‘moral license’ to continue with business as usual.Adam Corner is the research director for the Climate Outreach & Information Network (Coin) and an honorary research fellow in the School of Psychology at Cardiff University
130	4	Doctors, nurses and other health professionals have urged state and federal governments to address climate change, arguing the smoke blanketing Sydney is a ‘public health emergency’.
954	5	"Dr Rod Dr Carr's children drove his decision to become the country's most powerful climate leader. The former Reserve Bank chairman and University of Canterbury vice-chancellor welled up as he spoke about his family's influence on Tuesday. ""All four of them said: 'there is only one thing that you should do, and make it a contribution that you can make for us',"" he recalled. ""So that didn't take much thinking really ... when your kids line up and tell you that's how they want you to spend your retirement."" READ MORE: * Climate Change Minister confident Zero Carbon Bill will pass by Christmas  * National supports climate change bill through first reading * Landmark climate change bill goes to Parliament * Rod Dr Carr's hard yards Dr Carr's appointment as Chair-designate for the Climate Change Commission makes him one of New Zealand's most powerful figures. He will be responsible for setting carbon budgets and other plans for future governments to follow – although they can ignore his recommendations. Dr Carr will serve a five-year term once the Government finally passes its Zero Carbon Act, which it has promised to do by Christmas, about a year and a half behind schedule. He told media climate change was ""coming into the mainstream"". ""But it's coming, it's not there yet,"" he said. ""It needs to be there now."" He believed a ""broad-based change"" in New Zealand's behaviour was needed. ""Every household, every small business, every corporate every arm of Government,"" Carr said. ""And I think to do that in our western democracy, you have to, in the end, make the elected representatives of us responsible for the hardest of all choices. ""But they need to be well-advised – the advice needs to be transparent, it needs to be evidence-based, it needs constructed after due consultation and it needs to put the Government of the day in the position to have the courage to make those tough choices and for the country to be carried with them."" Dr Carr became emotional when asked what went through his head upon being offered the job. ""Why the emotion?"" media quizzed. ""We've just had our next bunch of grandchildren,"" Dr Carr explained. ""They're going to live with the consequences of these choices – they're not in a position to choose, they trust that their parents and grandparents will make good choices for them. ""That's a pretty compelling burden to carry and we all carry it together."" Climate Change Minister James Shaw said the chairman would have a ""big impact"" on the commission's success, therefore he had opted for Dr Carr's ability to be independent, analytical and credible. Shaw has had serious trouble keeping other parties on board with the bill, which he wants to pass with widespread support so it is not amended by future governments. National supported the first reading and are comfortable with the climate change commission itself, but not the emissions targets set in the bill, which it argues will hurt farmers too much. NZ First are also wary - particularly of the status of the Climate Change Commission, which it worried could gain fully independent Reserve Bank-like powers. The Commission will instead have only recommendatory powers over almost all climate policy, but will be able to independently publish that advice, so the public knows when the Government is ignoring it. Dr Carr was deputy governor of the Reserve Bank from 1998 to 2003 and served as the chair of its board between 2013 and 2017. He also worked as the vice-chancellor at the University of Canterbury for a number of years, including during the earthquakes. Shaw said Dr Carr's experience at the Reserve Bank and university would be key for leading work on climate change adaption as well as mitigation. ""Dr Carr's PhD in insurance and risk management, alongside his work leading the University of Canterbury through the earthquake recovery period, are excellent background for the incredibly important work that needs to be done in leading climate change resilience and adaptation,"" Shaw said. ""The Commission will be crucial to keep us on track for our 2050 target and hold successive governments accountable to meet emissions budgets. Dr Carr described himself as a ""realistic optimist"" – saying much more needed to be done on climate change. ""As a realistic optimist I have confidence that with urgency, empathy, science, humility and passion we will make the world more sustainable and more inclusive. Much is being done but much more needs to be done, and done today, because tomorrow may be too late,"" Dr Carr said. Shaw said he was still considering who else to appoint to the seven-person commission. Cabinet had agreed to Dr Carr's appointment and to getting the Commission ready to go for when the bill is finally passed."
268	4	" By the end of the century, if not sooner, the world's oceans will be bluer and greener thanks to a warming climate, scientists reported Monday (Sunday NZT). And while the shift in colour will be all but imperceptible to the human eye, it could hint at the profound changes in store for a wide array of marine life. At the heart of the phenomenon lie tiny marine microorganisms called phytoplankton, which are crucial to ocean food webs and to the global cycling of carbon - and sensitive to the temperature of ocean waters. Because of the way light reflects off the organisms, blooms of these phytoplankton create colourful patterns at the ocean's surface. Climate change will fuel the blooming of some phytoplankton in some areas, while reducing it in other spots, leading to subtle changes in the ocean's appearance. READ MORE: * Warmer oceans: 'We need to start planning for this now' * Ocean mixing that drives climate found in surprise location * Scientists studying Hikurangi subduction zone fish up instruments with no data Ocean colour varies from green to blue, depending on the type and concentration of phytoplankton, or algae, in any given area. A deep blue ocean typically means there is little phytoplankton present. The more phytoplankton present, the more green the water appears. According to Nasa, when sunlight hits the ocean, some of the light is reflected back directly, but most of it penetrates the ocean surface and interacts with the water molecules it encounters. By keeping a close watch on ocean colours, scientists can better understand phytoplankton and how they impact the world around them. ""Colour is going to be one of the early signals,"" said Stephanie Dutkiewicz, a principal research scientist in MIT's Centre for Global Change Science and a co-author of Monday's study in Nature Communications. ""We're going to be able to see - not by eye but by instrument - that the colour of the ocean is changed."" Phytoplankton live at the ocean surface, where they use sunlight and carbon dioxide to engage in photosynthesis. They pull carbon into the ocean while giving off oxygen. When these organisms die, they bury carbon in the deep ocean, a crucial process that helps to regulate the global climate. But phytoplankton are vulnerable to the ocean's current warming trend. According to Nasa, warming changes key properties of the ocean and can affect phytoplankton growth, since they need not only sunlight and carbon dioxide to thrive, but also nutrients. As the agency explains, ""productivity is expected to drop because as the surface waters warm, the water column becomes increasingly stratified; there is less vertical mixing to recycle nutrients from deep waters back to the surface."" Dutkiewicz said various scientific models suggest that there is likely to be a decrease in the overall amount of phytoplankton in the oceans over time. But she said that it could be decades before scientists can begin to document precisely the role climate change plays in that evolution. In the interim, Dutkiewicz said, paying close attention to changes in the oceans' colour can offer the first clues of the changes that are underway. Dutkiewicz and her team built a climate model that projects changes to the oceans, including their optical properties, throughout the century. And in a world that warms by 3 degrees Celsius, it found that multiple changes to the colour of the oceans would occur. The model projects that currently blue areas with little phytoplankton could become even bluer. But in some waters, such as those of the Arctic, a warming will make conditions more ripe for phytoplankton, and these areas will turn more green. The world has already warmed more than 1C since the 19th century, and at the current pace, scientists predict, warming could accelerate in coming decades if nations don't take serious steps to cut carbon dioxide emissions. A United Nations-backed panel of scientists said last year that it will require ""unprecedented"" action over the coming decade for the world to limit warming and stave off the most catastrophic consequences of climate change. For years, the government has maintained satellites that monitor the kind of light, or radiance, that is coming from the Earth's surface. Dutkiewicz said those instruments will probably provide early signals of how climate change is altering the oceans and their colour. ""The satellites are going to be the sentinels,"" she said. ""It's going to tell us not only the amount of phytoplankton in the ocean are changing. It's going to tell us that the type of phytoplankton in the ocean is changing."" And why does that matter? Phytoplankton are the base of the food web, Dutkiewicz said, and they are extremely diverse. If certain kinds begin to vanish from the ocean, she said, ""it will change the type of fish that will be able to survive"". Those kinds of changes could reverberate up the food chain. ""Changes in community structure at the base of the marine food web may be the best marker of larger ecosystem shifts which could influence fisheries and carbon cycling,"" said Sonya Dyhrman, an expert on phytoplankton at the Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory of Columbia University, who was not involved in the research released Monday. ""This finding reinforces the importance of long-term monitoring of phytoplankton community composition,"" she added. Whatever colour changes the ocean experiences in coming decades will probably be too gradual and subtle for most people to notice. But in the scientific world, they could mean significant shifts. ""Changes are happening because of climate change,"" Dutkiewicz said. ""It'll be a while before we can statistically show that. But the change in the colour of the ocean will be one of early warning signals that we really have changed our planet."""
733	5	"Life on Earth has already been fundamentally altered by global warming, affecting the genes of plants and animals and altering every ecosystem on the planet, according to a major review of the scientific literature.A paper in the leading journal Science warned the changes were so dramatic – and potentially dangerous – that scientists might be forced to intervene in some cases to create “human-assisted evolution”.One of the main concerns about climate change is it will seriously damage food production, particularly in places prone to flooding and drought, leading to mass famines and the forced migration of climate refugees.The researchers found that 82 per cent of the natural ecological processes that support healthy ecosystems on land and sea had been affected in a way that had not been expected “for decades”.The average global temperature has risen by one degree Celsius since the 1880s, as humans have pumped greenhouse gases from fossil fuels into the atmosphere.The researchers said this had “already had broad and worrying impacts on natural systems, with accumulating consequences for people”.“Minimising the impacts of climate change on core ecological processes must now be a key policy priority for all nations,” they wrote in the paper.Read our full mailing list consent terms hereRead our full mailing list consent terms here“It is now up to national governments to make good on the promises they made in Paris [at last year's climate summit] through regular tightening of emission targets, and also to recognise the importance of healthy ecosystems in times of unprecedented change. “Time is running out for a globally synchronised response to climate change that integrates adequate protection of biodiversity and ecosystem services.”Many species are shifting towards the poles as the world has warms, while others are seeking higher ground.Marine species have expanded into areas that were usually too cold at a rate of 72km per decade, while land species have done so at 6km per decade, the paper said.Other creatures are changing shape, with many getting smaller as a higher surface-area-to-body-mass ratio makes it easier to stay cool. For example, six species of woodland salamander in the Appalachian Mountains have undergone an average eight per cent reduction in body size over the past 50 years.Slightly smaller lizards might not sound like something to overly concern humans, but there is evidence this response is also affecting important sources of food.“Some fish species appear to be shrinking, but attributing this solely to ocean warming is difficult because size-dependent responses can be triggered by commercial fishing as well as long-term climate change,” the researchers wrote.“However, long-term trend analyses show convincingly that eight commercial fish species in the North Sea underwent simultaneous reductions in body size over a 40-year period because of ocean warming, resulting in 23 per cent lower yields.”Changes are also taking place on a much bigger scale. In Alaska, the researchers said “wholesale biome shifts” had been observed with the “tundra … transitioning to boreal conditions”. “These are clear signs of large-scale ecosystem change and disruption, in which disequilibrium rapidly pushes the system into a new state,” they wrote.And such ecological regime shifts can have dire results.“For example, some reefs are transitioning from coral- to algal-dominated states as a consequence of mass coral mortality, whereas kelp forests are turning into rocky barrens in temperate seas,” the researchers said.“In lakes, climate change has increased the risk of regime shifts from clear-water to turbid states and increased the occurrence of cyanobacteria blooms.”All this turmoil is likely to be too much for some forms of life. For example, some trees do not reproduce fast enough to shift their range uphill to escape the warming climate.The researchers suggested humans might have to step in to help nature.“One such strategy is to use assisted gene flow, the managed movement of individuals or gametes between populations to mitigate local maladaptation in the short and long term,” the researchers said.“Human-assisted evolution may … be a key strategy in maintaining reef dependent fisheries by accelerating and enhancing the stress tolerance of corals.”The researchers pointed to declines in the yields of significant food crops, such as rich, maize and coffee, “in response to the combined effects of rising temperatures and increasing precipitation variability over past decades”. “Genetics is being used to counteract decreasing yields in some key crops such as wheat (for which, globally, yields have declined by six per cent since the early 1980s) through crossing domesticated crops with wild relatives to maintain the evolutionary potential of varieties,” they wrote.“Yet, some important wild strains are also showing signs of impact from climate change. “Losing genetic resources in nature may undermine future development of novel crop varieties and compromise key strategies that humans use to adapt to climate change.”Farmers in temperate areas are also now using a specially cultivated peach, called UFBest, which requires fewer chilly days than typical varieties after experiencing a fall in fruit quality and yield.Plagues of insect pests are also a growing problem, particularly in the forests of North America.“Several native insect species from North America, with no prior records of severe infestation, have recently emerged as severe pathogens of forest resources because of changes in population dynamics,” the researchers said.“These include the Aspen leaf miner, the leafblotch miner, and the Janet’s looper, which have decimated millions of hectares of aspen, willows, and spruce-fir forests since the early 1990s.“Known pests such as mountain and southern pine beetles and spruce beetles have recently expanded their distribution and infestation intensity on commercially important pine and spruce trees. “These outbreaks may increase in the future because hundreds of plant pest and pathogen species have shifted their distributions 2 to 3.5km per year pole-ward since the 1960s.”And humans should take note, as mosquitoes that carry diseases like malaria, Zika and dengue are also on the move.One of the researchers, Professor James Watson, of Queensland University, said: “Some people didn't expect this level of change for decades.“The impacts of climate change are being felt everywhere, with no ecosystem on Earth being spared. It is no longer sensible to consider climate change as a concern only for the future.“Emissions targets must be actively achieved and time is running out for a synchronised global response to climate change that safeguards biodiversity and ecosystem services."""
278	3	LAMONT, Okla. — For decades, a small group of scientific dissenters has been trying to shoot holes in the prevailing science of climate change, offering one reason after another why the outlook simply must be wrong.Over time, nearly every one of their arguments has been knocked down by accumulating evidence, and polls say 97 percent of working climate scientists now see global warming as a serious risk.Yet in recent years, the climate change skeptics have seized on one last argument that cannot be so readily dismissed. Their theory is that clouds will save us.They acknowledge that the human release of greenhouse gases will cause the planet to warm. But they assert that clouds — which can either warm or cool the earth, depending on the type and location — will shift in such a way as to counter much of the expected temperature rise and preserve the equable climate on which civilization depends.Their theory exploits the greatest remaining mystery in climate science, the difficulty that researchers have had in predicting how clouds will change. The scientific majority believes that clouds will most likely have a neutral effect or will even amplify the warming, perhaps strongly, but the lack of unambiguous proof has left room for dissent.“Clouds really are the biggest uncertainty,” said Andrew E. Dessler, a climate researcher at Texas A&M. “If you listen to the credible climate skeptics, they’ve really pushed all their chips onto clouds.”Richard S. Lindzen, a professor of meteorology at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, is the leading proponent of the view that clouds will save the day. His stature in the field — he has been making seminal contributions to climate science since the 1960s — has amplified his influence.Dr. Lindzen says the earth is not especially sensitive to greenhouse gases because clouds will react to counter them, and he believes he has identified a specific mechanism. On a warming planet, he says, less coverage by high clouds in the tropics will allow more heat to escape to space, countering the temperature increase.His idea has drawn withering criticism from other scientists, who cite errors in his papers and say proof is lacking. Enough evidence is already in hand, they say, to rule out the powerful cooling effect from clouds that would be needed to offset the increase of greenhouse gases.However, politicians looking for reasons not to tackle climate change have embraced Dr. Lindzen and other skeptics, elevating their role in the public debate.Dr. Lindzen has obliged by assuring them that they are running no risks by refusing to enact emission limits. “There’s been a lot of scare stuff put out that just doesn’t make sense,” he said in an interview.Some politicians have welcomed that message, regularly calling Dr. Lindzen and a handful of other contrarian scientists before Congressional committees. During a hearing before a House subcommittee, Representative Dana Rohrabacher, a California Republican and vocal global warming skeptic, complained that “in the scientific community, there are people trying to tell us that we have got to accept draconian changes in our way of life mandated by law because the CO2 that we are emitting is going to cause drastic consequences to the planet’s climate.”He repeatedly sought affirmation from Dr. Lindzen for his views, and got it.At gatherings of climate change skeptics on both sides of the Atlantic, Dr. Lindzen has been treated as a star. During a debate in Australia over carbon taxes, his work was cited repeatedly. When he appears at conferences of the Heartland Institute, the primary American organization pushing climate change skepticism, he is greeted by thunderous applause.While the scientific majority acknowledges that the lingering uncertainty about clouds plays into the hands of skeptics like Dr. Lindzen, they say that he has gone beyond any reasonable reading of the evidence to provide a dangerous alibi for inaction.Dr. Lindzen is “feeding upon an audience that wants to hear a certain message, and wants to hear it put forth by people with enough scientific reputation that it can be sustained for a while, even if it’s wrong science,” said Christopher S. Bretherton, an atmospheric researcher at the University of Washington. “I don’t think it’s intellectually honest at all.”With climate policy nearly paralyzed in the United States, many other governments have also declined to take action, and worldwide emissions of greenhouse gases are soaring.Natural ThermostatsClouds are so familiar they are easy to take for granted, but scientists point out that they have an enormous effect on the climate.The energy that drives life on earth arrives as sunlight. To remain at a steady temperature, the earth has to return the energy it receives back to space, primarily as heat. Clouds alter the energy flow in both directions.On balance, in today’s climate, clouds cool the earth. Dense, low-lying clouds are responsible for most of that effect, because they reflect considerable sunlight back to space. Many high, thin clouds have the opposite influence, allowing incoming sunshine to pass through but effectively trapping heat that is trying to escape.“It’s like putting a lid on a pot on the stove,” said Andreas Muhlbauer, a cloud researcher at the University of Washington.Humans are perturbing the earth’s heat balance by releasing greenhouse gases. Chemists proved in the 19th century that these gases, especially the carbon dioxide that results from burning fossil fuels, work like an invisible blanket in the atmosphere, blocking some heat that is attempting to escape to space. In the mid-20th century, as it became clear how fast carbon dioxide levels were rising, some scientists began to predict a warming of the planet. But they also realized that an exact forecast was difficult for several reasons, especially the question of how clouds would react.Researchers are virtually certain the amount of water vapor in the atmosphere will rise with temperature, and evidence suggests this is already happening. But that does not say much about the type or location of clouds that will condense from the vapor.Scientists use sophisticated computer programs to forecast future climate, but the computers are not yet powerful enough to predict the behavior of individual clouds across the whole earth over a century, which forces the researchers to use rough approximations.The most elaborate computer programs have agreed on a broad conclusion: clouds are not likely to change enough to offset the bulk of the human-caused warming. Some of the analyses predict that clouds could actually amplify the warming trend sharply through several mechanisms, including a reduction of some of the low clouds that reflect a lot of sunlight back to space. Other computer analyses foresee a largely neutral effect. The result is a big spread in forecasts of future temperature, one that scientists have not been able to narrow much in 30 years of effort.The earth’s surface has already warmed about 1.4 degrees Fahrenheit since the Industrial Revolution, most of that in the last 40 years. Modest as it sounds, it is an average for the whole planet, representing an enormous addition of heat. An even larger amount is being absorbed by the oceans. The increase has caused some of the world’s land ice to melt and the oceans to rise.By midcentury, the level of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere is expected to double compared with the value that prevailed before the Industrial Revolution. At the low end, computers predict that the earth could warm in response by another 2 degrees Fahrenheit. The likelier figure, the analyses say, is 4 degrees. At the high end of projections, the warming could exceed 8 degrees. In all possible outcomes, the warming over land would be roughly twice the global average, and the warming in the Arctic greater still.Even in the low projection, many scientists say, the damage could be substantial. In the high projection, some polar regions could heat up by 20 or 25 degrees Fahrenheit — more than enough, over centuries or longer, to melt the Greenland ice sheet, raising sea level by a catastrophic 20 feet or more. Vast changes in  rainfall, heat waves and other weather patterns would most likely accompany such a large warming.“The big damages come if the climate sensitivity to greenhouse gases turns out to be high,” said Raymond T. Pierrehumbert, a climate scientist at the University of Chicago. “Then it’s not a bullet headed at us, but a thermonuclear warhead.”A major goal of climate research is to improve the way clouds are represented in the computer analyses, which should narrow the range of predicted temperatures. And some of the most important data that researchers need to do so are streaming from a hilltop in rural Oklahoma, near the town of Lamont, where the Department of Energy runs the world’s largest facility for measuring the behavior of clouds.Accuracy is an overriding goal there. One recent morning, Patrick Dowell, a technician, worked his way across the hill with a rag in hand, carefully dusting dozens of instruments pointed at the sky. When his fingers knocked one gauge off kilter, tiny motors whirred and the device snapped back to position, as though annoyed with him.“When you clean it,” Mr. Dowell said, “it kind of fights you.”The questions that scientists still need to answer are voluminous. For instance, they want a better idea of how clouds form at a microscopic scale, how their behavior varies under different atmospheric conditions, and how sensitive they are to higher temperatures.Recently, $30 million worth of new radars have been installed in Oklahoma and at other research facilities, promising a better view of the innards of clouds. Satellites are also supplying better data, and theories of the atmosphere are improving. “I feel like we’re on our way to doing a lot better,” said Anthony D. Del Genio, a researcher with NASA.9 PhotosView Slide Show ›But the problem of how clouds will behave in a future climate is not yet solved — making the unheralded field of cloud research one of the most important pursuits of modern science.A Feedback Loop?Among the many climate skeptics who plaster the Internet with their writings, hardly any have serious credentials in the physics of the atmosphere. But a handful of contrarian scientists do. The most influential is Dr. Lindzen.Dr. Lindzen accepts the elementary tenets of climate science. He agrees that carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas, calling people who dispute that point “nutty.” He agrees that the level of it is rising because of human activity and that this should warm the climate.But for more than a decade, Dr. Lindzen has said that when surface temperature increases, the columns of moist air rising in the tropics will rain out more of their moisture, leaving less available to be thrown off as ice, which forms the thin, high clouds known as cirrus. Just like greenhouse gases, these cirrus clouds act to reduce the cooling of the earth, and a decrease of them would counteract the increase of greenhouse gases.Dr. Lindzen calls his mechanism the iris effect, after the iris of the eye, which opens at night to let in more light. In this case, the earth’s “iris” of high clouds would be opening to let more heat escape.When Dr. Lindzen first published this theory, in 2001, he said it was supported by satellite records over the Pacific Ocean. But other researchers quickly published work saying that the methods he had used to analyze the data were flawed and that his theory made assumptions that were inconsistent with known facts. Using what they considered more realistic assumptions, they said they could not verify his claims.Today, most mainstream researchers consider Dr. Lindzen’s theory discredited. He does not agree, but he has had difficulty establishing his case in the scientific literature. Dr. Lindzen published a paper in 2009 offering more support for his case that the earth’s sensitivity to greenhouse gases is low, but once again scientists identified errors, including a failure to account for known inaccuracies in satellite measurements.Dr. Lindzen acknowledged that the 2009 paper contained “some stupid mistakes” in his handling of the satellite data. “It was just embarrassing,” he said in an interview. “The technical details of satellite measurements are really sort of grotesque.”Last year, he tried offering more evidence for his case, but after reviewers for a prestigious American journal criticized the paper, Dr. Lindzen published it in a little-known Korean journal.Dr. Lindzen blames groupthink among climate scientists for his publication difficulties, saying the majority is determined to suppress any dissenting views. They, in turn, contend that he routinely misrepresents the work of other researchers.“If I’m right, we’ll have saved money” by avoiding measures to limit emissions, Dr. Lindzen said in the interview. “If I’m wrong, we’ll know it in 50 years and can do something.”But mainstream scientists counter that society’s impulse to wait only heightens the risks.Ultimately, as the climate continues warming and more data accumulate, it will become obvious how clouds are reacting. But that could take decades, scientists say, and if the answer turns out to be that catastrophe looms, it would most likely be too late. By then, they say, the atmosphere would contain so much carbon dioxide as to make a substantial warming inevitable, and the gas would not return to a normal level for thousands of years.Researchers are trying various shortcuts to get a rapid answer. One of those is to use short-term natural variations, such as the El Niño cycle, to see how clouds react to higher ocean temperatures. Dr. Dessler, the Texas A&M researcher, did that recently. His analysis, while not definitive, offered some evidence that clouds will exacerbate the long-term planetary warming, just as many of the computer programs have predicted. Most, but not all, papers relying on the historical cloud record have come to similar conclusions.In his Congressional appearances, speeches and popular writings, Dr. Lindzen offers little hint of how thin the published science supporting his position is. Instead, starting from his disputed iris mechanism, he makes what many of his colleagues see as an unwarranted leap of logic, professing near-certainty that climate change is not a problem society needs to worry about.“You have politicians who are being told if they question this, they are anti-science,” Dr. Lindzen said. “We are trying to tell them, no, questioning is never anti-science.”Among the experts most offended by Dr. Lindzen’s stance are many of his colleagues in the M.I.T. atmospheric sciences department, some of whom were once as skeptical as he about climate change.“Even if there were no political implications, it just seems deeply unprofessional and irresponsible to look at this and say, ‘We’re sure it’s not a problem,’ ” said Kerry A. Emanuel, another M.I.T. scientist. “It’s a special kind of risk, because it’s a risk to the collective civilization.”
612	2	By James Delingpole  Published:  11:45 AEDT, 10 January 2013   |  Updated:  05:13 AEDT, 9 March 2013    470View  commentsWas there ever a government quango quite so useless as the Met Office? From its infamous ‘barbecue summer’ washout of 2009 to the snowbound winter it failed to predict in 2010 and the recent forecast-defying floods, our £200 million-a-year official weather forecaster has become a national joke.But of all its recent embarrassments, none come close to matching the Met Office’s latest one. Without fanfare — apparently in the desperate hope no one would notice — it has finally conceded what other scientists have known for ages: there is no evidence that ‘global warming’ is happening.A chunk of ice is shown drifting after it separated from the Ward Hunt Ice Shelf off the north coast of Ellesmere Island in Canada. The Met Office has conceded there is no evidence that 'global warming' is happeningThe Met Office quietly readjusted its temperature projections on its website on Christmas Eve. Until then, it had been confidently predicting temperature rises of at least 0.2 degrees per decade, with a succession of years exceeding even the record-breaking high of 1998.Its latest chart, however, confirmed in a press release earlier this week, tells a very different story: no more global warming is expected till at least 2017. According to Dr David Whitehouse of the independent think-tank the Global Warming Policy Foundation, the climbdown couldn’t be more dramatic or more devastating for the Met Office’s credibility. ‘They’re panicking. All the predictions they’ve been making about man-made global warming these past 20 years have started to come crashing about their ears.’For two decades the Met Office has acted as Britain’s foremost cheerleader for climate change alarmism. In 2007, its Hadley Centre for climate change research produced a briefing document for the Government claiming its state-of-the-art computer models left no doubt: man-made global warming was a very real threat which needed to be addressed urgently by policy-makers.‘The Met Office Hadley Centre has the highest concentration of outstanding people who do outstanding work, spanning the breadth of modelling, attribution, and date analysis, of anywhere in the world,’ claimed an expert from the Intergovernmental Panel for Climate Change (IPCC) in the document.Many in the Government were impressed for, a year later, the 2008 Climate Change Act was passed by an overwhelming majority. The act has been described by veteran journalist Christopher Booker as the most expensive legislation in history, committing the government to as much as £734 billion (£18.3 billion a year for the next 40 years) in extra spending to ‘decarbonise’ the economy. It is also one of the reasons why our countryside is being ruined by ugly, noisy wind turbines.But what if carbon dioxide isn’t the culprit for global temperature changes? What if all the expensive, economy-ravaging, job-killing, environmentally destructive measures we’ve taken have been a spectacular waste of money? If so, the Met Office will be attacked for being not just risibly incompetent — but an active menace both to the integrity of science and to the nation’s wellbeing.Hence its defiant attempts to argue that nothing has changed and it’s business as usual. ‘The fact the new model predicts less warming, globally, for the coming five years does not necessarily tell us anything about long-term predictions of climate change for the coming century,’ it claimed yesterday. In other words: ‘Never mind that global warming stopped in 1997. It will come back with a vengeance one day. We’re just not quite so sure when.’ According to the Met, Britain is apparently experiencing more rain by volume and intensity But according to the Met Office's own data - the England and Wales precipitation records dating back to 1766- there has been nothing particularly abnormal about the recent rainThe Met Office confirmed in a press release earlier this week that no more global warming is expected till at least 2017This latest embarrassment comes just days after the Met Office was lambasted for yet another misleading claim, about the recent flooding. It said this is part of a growing national trend towards ‘extreme’ weather — as also heavily promoted by the BBC’s Environmental Analyst Roger Harrabin, and by scaremongering documentaries such as Channel 4’s Is Our Weather Getting Worse?According to the Met, Britain is apparently experiencing more rain by volume and intensity. ‘We have always seen a great deal of variability in UK extreme rainfall because our weather patterns are constantly changing, but this analysis suggests we are seeing a shift in our rainfall behaviour,’ said the Met Office’s top scientist, Professor Julia Slingo.‘There’s evidence to say we are getting slightly more rain in total, but more importantly it may be falling in more intense bursts — which can increase the risk of flooding.’But these claims appeared to be at best a dangerous fudge, at worst a complete nonsense. As is clear from the Met Office’s own data — the England and Wales precipitation records dating back to 1766 — there has been nothing particularly abnormal about the recent rain. Not only were there two years, 1872 and 1768, wetter than the supposed record-breaking year of 2012; but also, the Met Office appeared to have overlooked two very dry years (2003 and 2011) to prove its narrative that the past ten years.The Global Warming Policy Foundation’s Dr David Whitehouse believes the very notion of ‘extreme’ weather is an unscientific nonsense. ‘If you were to pick any period in history, you would soon find an example of an unusual weather event — maybe a heatwave in Russia or fires in Australia. Global Warming Policy Foundation's Dr David Whitehouse believes the very notion of 'extreme' weather is a nonsense. He said you could find examples in any period of history event, such as the fires in Australia‘Somewhere in the world, a weather record is being broken almost every day. This is normal. What’s not normal is when people try to impose on it some kind of invented trend.’This is what happened just yesterday, when the scorching Australian heatwave that has caused bushfires was linked in both The Guardian and The Independent to global warming.The Met Office has subscribed to this sort of stance since at least 1990, when it became politicised under its then director John Houghton — the fanatical believer in the great global warming religion, who was also responsible for setting up the IPCC. Under Houghton’s stewardship, it became an article of faith that not only was man-made global warming real and dangerous, but that it was the primary job of the Met Office to spread the alarmist gospel.Dr Whitehouse notes that this is a sad betrayal of the Met Office’s traditional role: ‘When it comes to four or five-day weather forecasting, the Met Office is the best in the world,’ he says. ‘The tragedy is that, for the most part, the Met Office thinks weather forecasting is beneath it. Climate change is more glamorous — and brings in more money.’And the Met Office’s obsession with climate change has wreaked havoc with its medium to long-term forecasting. That infamous ‘barbecue summer’ and its inability to foresee last November’s floods were the result of the same major flaw in its system: its computer models are all programmed on the assumption that as global CO2 levels increase, so will global warming.This means they’re continually predicting warmer weather, in contradiction of all the real world evidence.For two decades, the Met Office has abused its position of trust, authority and taxpayer-funded privilege to promote green ideology at the expense of scientific integrity. Never mind the mere £200 million we pay a year to fund the Met Office’s dodgy, Mystic Meg prognostications: the real bill for its incompetence runs into the billions. On March, 7 2013 Greg Clarke, Met Office Chairman wrote:
476	3	"Related: New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern responds to Greta Thunberg's criticism of NZ's climate change record.   Credits: Video - Newshub; Image - Getty ImagesBritain's Queen Elizabeth said she was irritated by world leaders who talk about climate change but do nothing to address global warming, and added it was still unclear who would turn up at the COP26 climate summit in Glasgow.The queen's rare public foray into big power climate politics came as worries grew that Chinese President Xi Jinping, leader of the world's largest greenhouse gas emitter, would not attend the Oct.ober 31-November 12 summit.Western leaders such as US President Joe Biden and British Prime Minister Boris Johnson have repeatedly warned that the world must change to slow climate change, but many environmental activists say leaders talk too much and do too little.The queen, who is due to attend the 26th United Nations climate change conference, COP26, in Glasgow, Scotland, appeared to agree in a conversation that was picked up by a microphone while visiting the Welsh assembly in Cardiff.""Extraordinary isn't it. I've been hearing all about COP,"" the 95-year-old monarch told Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, the wife of her son, Charles, Prince of Wales, and the presiding officer of the Welsh assembly. ""Still don't know who is coming.""""We only know about people who are not coming... It's really irritating when they talk, but they don't do,"" Elizabeth said.She become the third member of the royal family to accuse world leaders of inaction this week, with both Charles and his son William saying COP needed to produce action, not words.Johnson, as host of the summit, has cast the summit as one of the last major chances to cool down the planet, and had hoped that it would showcase his attempt at global leadership.World leaders, he has said, need to come up with deeds, not just ""hot air"".Biden and Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison will attend the summit. The Kremlin has not yet said whether Russian President Vladimir Putin will attend.Japanese Prime Minister Fumio Kishida has said he aims to attend COP26 remotely, though he has called an election for October 31. The Times newspaper has reported that Johnson was told that China's Xi would not attend in person.Xi, China's most powerful leader since Mao Zedong, has not left the People's Republic since the start of the coronavirus pandemic, though he has joined video calls with global leaders.Xi's absence from discussions - either in person or via video calls - would mark a setback for Johnson's hopes of getting world leaders to agree a significant climate deal.On a trip to a school in Bristol, southwest England, Johnson told baffled schoolchildren: ""I promise to get world leaders to cut greenhouse gases and save the planet.""He later held up a signed, leaf-shaped piece of paper on which he had written his pledge.Reuters"
196	3	A strident environmentalist has cut ties with the Green Party because she believes it has become part of the “status quo”. Dr Stuart Bramhall contested the New Plymouth electorate under the Green Party banner in the 2017 general election, winning 2070 votes – a result dwarfed by incumbent Jonathan Young, of National, who took 20,711. However, it can be revealed that Bramhall was a reluctant candidate in 2017 after being “disenchanted” with the election process and the Green Party’s decision to sign up to the budget responsibility rules ahead of election day when it teamed up with Labour.  The Green Party has since ditched this position. READ MORE: * Weston Frizzell's 'Aroha' posters ruled to be adverts for Labour Party  * Young retains New Plymouth seat with reduced majority * Green Party chooses activist to stand in New Plymouth electorate  While she stuck it out three years ago, things came to a head for Bramhall regarding  a fiscal policy she won support for within the organisation, but which was not released by its caucus. The 72-year-old joined the Social Credit party about three months ago and as the Green Party had a policy preventing people from belonging to other political parties, she decided it was time to end her 18-year membership. Bramhall is now supporting Social Credit candidate Kath Lauderdale, who is standing in the New Plymouth electorate, and will be out on the campaign trail for her  ahead of September 19. However, climate change remained a huge concern for Bramhall, who is a trained psychiatrist. She did not believe enough was being done by the current Government to address the issue. ”We have to drastically downsize our lifestyles and reduce our consumption.” As a member of Climate Justice Taranaki, Bramhall has helped organise a meet the candidates evening on September 2 in a bid to put the issue at front and centre. ”It’s really to ask the hard questions of the candidates.” She said she had no regrets about cutting ties with the Green Party and felt it had drifted over the years and become part of the “status quo”. ”I felt we had a much stronger voice when we were in opposition.” The Green Party’s 2020 election list, which is available online, does not yet appear to have any candidates in any of the four electorates which touch on the Taranaki region – Taranaki/King-Country, New Plymouth, Whanganui and Te Tai Hauāuru. The party has been approached for comment regarding whether it intends to field any candidates in any of the four electorates and what its campaign strategy in Taranaki might entail.
178	4	BlackRock, the world’s largest money manager, will make sustainability and climate risks key tenets of its investing strategy, a move that its chief executive said should push financial institutions to prioritize climate change issues.But activists noted the firm’s lackluster history on this front and the need for it to push further.“Climate change has become a defining factor in companies’ long-term prospects,” BlackRock chairman and chief executive Larry Fink said in his annual letter to chief executives. “But awareness is rapidly changing, and I believe we are on the edge of a fundamental reshaping of finance.”In a separate letter to investors, BlackRock announced it would exit investments with high environmental risks, including thermal coal, which is burned to produce electricity and creates carbon dioxide, a greenhouse gas. BlackRock will also launch new investment products that screen for fossil fuels.The nation’s largest financial institutions are under increasing pressure from investors, activists and some political leaders for their tepid response to climate change, even as the Trump administration has systematically rolled back environmental regulations to promote economic growth.Over the past year, Pope Francis met with chief executives and board chairs of leading oil and gas companies and financial firms, including Fink of BlackRock, and urged them to take steps to curb climate change. Activists have launched a campaign called Stop the Money Pipeline. And investors have flocked increasingly to mutual funds or money managers who screen out shareholdings in fossil fuel companies.“This is a major, major crack in the dam,” said Bill McKibben, a writer and climate activist who was arrested last week at a protest at a Chase bank in the District. “The financial powers in New York have tried to ignore climate risk, but that’s now impossible; the pressure from activists, and from the climate chaos in the real world, is simply too great.”BlackRock oversees an industry-leading $7 trillion in assets, and its pivot is sure to be closely watched by its competitors — Vanguard, T. Rowe Price and JPMorgan Chase among them — and the rest of corporate America.Many of them have become more transparent — and have marketed select funds that might appeal to customers concerned about climate change. Vanguard said in December that its funds included $319.82 billion in fossil fuel investments. In 103 of its funds, 6,457 fossil fuel stocks made up 8.48 percent of its assets. Only nine Vanguard funds were “A Grade” fossil free.The investment firm Raymond James estimates that $12 trillion, or 26 percent of all U.S. professionally managed assets, are covered by some kind of environment, social or governance screen. Of that amount, the largest slice — $3 trillion — is centered on climate.In interviews, Fink said the science behind climate change is pushing clients to reassess their long- and short-term investments.“Will cities, for example, be able to afford their infrastructure needs as climate risk reshapes the market for municipal bonds?” Fink wrote in his chief executive letter. “What will happen to the 30-year mortgage — a key building block of finance — if lenders can’t estimate the impact of climate risk over such a long timeline?”He said the risks posed by climate change are the most significant he’s seen in four decades of finance. Fink, a Democrat, said he wasn’t acting as an environmentalist but, rather, as a capitalist with a responsibility to clients and investors.“We don’t have a Federal Reserve to stabilize the world like in the five or six financial crises that occurred during my 40 years in finance,” Fink told CNBC. “This is bigger, it requires more planning, it requires more public and private connections together to solve these problems.”Earlier this month, BlackRock joined Climate Action 100+, an investor initiative to ensure the world’s largest corporate emitters of greenhouse gases act to lessen their carbon footprints. BlackRock joined more than 370 global investors, a group that collectively manages more than $41 trillion in assets.But BlackRock’s past track record has been weak. Ceres, a sustainability nonprofit, has ranked BlackRock 43rd among 48 asset managers based on its history of backing few climate-related proposals from shareholders. But the group appeared encouraged by Fink’s letter.“BlackRock is now throwing their weight behind what already exists — a global movement to really addressing sustainability in portfolios,” said the Rev. Kirsten Snow Spalding, senior department director of Ceres’s investor network. “They’re not the first to the party, but just adding their weight is critical.”One of the companies that has taken a position on climate issues is Goldman Sachs, which in December said it would no longer lend money to oil and gas projects in the Arctic. The bank said it considered climate change and its effects on indigenous people and wildlife. “We will decline any financing transaction that directly supports new upstream Arctic oil exploration or development,” Goldman said. “This includes but is not limited to the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.”But Goldman hasn’t sworn off all oil and gas investments. Around the same time it issued its environmental concerns, one of its analysts recommended eight oil stocks for investors to buy.What may be bad for the borrowers of money for fossil fuel investments may not be bad for the financial investment and management business.Fink said he has increasingly heard from clients worldwide who want to factor climate change into their investment portfolios. And he said he expects a marked generational change as young people increasingly focus on sustainable investing.Fink said financial investing will have to play a role in “a huge energy transition” over the coming decades. That includes weighing whether fossil fuels, for example, are a good investment both today and 10 years down the line.“We need to have an organized plan,” Fink told CNBC. “We are not running away from hydrocarbons. We believe they play a role. We believe natural gas plays a very large role in the energy transition. We believe this is a process.”While Fink on Tuesday clearly signaled that BlackRock would not support coal firms, he did not altogether rule out support for oil and natural gas companies. Activist groups said the test would come in the spring when BlackRock will have an opportunity to use its massive stock holdings to vote on shareholder resolutions linked to climate change.“One key thing we’ll be looking for is how BlackRock changes its behavior in voting season,” said Ben Cushing, a climate campaign representative at the Sierra Club. “For years it held back on holding companies accountable on climate action. Now, it has the opportunity as it heads into annual shareholding season to vote the right way in the companies it has major stakes in.”“BlackRock is at the same place the Obama administration was a decade ago, with natural gas as a bridge fuel,” McKibben, the climate activist, said. “The science has moved decisively on, and so we will push them hard going forward.”
326	3	Jill Laidlaw has worked for 37 years at Camp Cavell in Lexington, Mich., a little spot of paradise on Lake Huron. But she has seen trouble in paradise: climate change.Temperatures in Michigan have risen by two to three degrees, on average, in the last century, and Ms. Laidlaw said she had seen the effects of that warming in many ways, from hotter days and warmer nights to stronger rainstorms, harmful algae blooms in the region's lakes and an explosion of ticks. And increasingly common bans on most outdoor burning have even restricted one of the most beloved aspects of summer camp, she said: “We've had ‘flashlight campfires’ the last few summers.”Climate change, which affects many aspects of children’s lives, is upending the camp experience, as well. After more than a year of pandemic isolation and disrupted schools and social lives, the 26 million children who typically attend day and sleep-away camps are ready to get back to summer fun. But the stewards of many of those camps say that the effects of climate change — not to mention the ongoing coronavirus precautions that many camps are dealing with — are making it harder to provide the carefree experiences that past generations enjoyed.Rising temperatures, wildfire smoke, shifting species ranges and more are introducing risks, and camps are struggling to adapt. And with deadly heat waves, like the one in the Pacific Northwest, dealing with extreme heat is becoming a necessity to keep campers safe.Beating the heat has long been part of what makes camp camp, of course, and while the connection between any single weather event and climate change varies, the effects of global warming are being felt in many ways.“The reality is yes, they are having more high-temperature days, and generally more heat waves, and other impacts, as well,” said Donald J. Wuebbles, a professor in the Department of Atmospheric Sciences at the University of Illinois. “When we do get rainfall it’s more likely to be a bigger rainfall and when we get a drought it’s more likely to be a bigger drought,” he said.As a heat dome trapped citizens of the Pacific Northwest in record-breaking temperatures that caused a spike in heat-related deaths over the last week, the directors of Camp Killoqua in Stanwood, Wash., made a decision: delay the start of their day camp. The heat — made even less bearable by the state’s coronavirus requirement that campers wear masks — forced their hand.“We realized it would be too miserable for our campers to be here,” said Cassie Anderson, a director of the camp. “We just didn’t want to put our kids at risk of getting sick.” The pause was brief, however; within a day, things had cooled off enough that Killoqua reopened.At Camp Sealth on Vashon Island in Puget Sound near Seattle, the summer camp director Carrie Lawson said that the effects of climate change were evident. “This year our county went into burn ban before the end of June, the earliest I’ve ever experienced.”The link between wildfires and climate change is strong: The warming planet is making areas like the American West hotter and drier, with longer wildfire seasons; last year was the worst season on record for fire activity in California, Washington and Oregon.Dave Jarvis of the Rainbow Trail Lutheran Camp in Hillside, Colo., said wildfires had forced him to evacuate his campers twice in the past five years — once, on drop-off day, as the parents were saying goodbye to their children. A nearby camp was able to accommodate his campers both times, but the 2011 fire kept everyone out of Rainbow Trail for five weeks.And Ms. Lawson said that in two of the past three years, “our region has been blanketed in smoke from wildfires, making it unhealthy or even dangerous to be outdoors.”When asked about how the burn bans and flashlight campfires affect camp traditions like making s’mores, Ms. Laidlaw of Michigan replied with an email that simply contained a single image: a jar of Marshmallow Fluff.It’s not just camp days that have changed; with climate change, nights don’t cool down as much. Valerie Wright, executive director of House in the Wood camp in southeast Wisconsin, said that fans at night used to be enough to cool both cabins and campers. “About 10 years ago we noticed this was no longer the case,” and they installed air-conditioning in the cabins, adding significantly to camp expenses, after a “particularly brutal summer.”Unpredictable conditions have become part of life for Julie Kroll of Camp Caroline Furnace Lutheran Camp and Retreat Center in Fort Valley, Va. She has studied the probable effects of climate change on her facilities, and her best-case scenario involved taking expensive measures that included installing air-conditioning, increasing insulation, and replacing windows to combat an increase in weather extremes including flooding, snowstorms, microburst storms and derechos.“We are already seeing all of the ‘best-case’ impacts now and I expect all to continue to worsen,” she wrote in an email.In an interview, she added that she had consulted camp records of backpacking and canoeing hikes and camp-outs going back decades, and found that climate change and encroaching urban sprawl were having an unsettling effect. Water sources “that used to be reliable in the ’90s that are no longer reliable, or no longer exist,” she said, and “the river levels are no longer consistent.”The coasts are affected, too. Fox Island Environmental Education Center, a Virginia institution run by the Chesapeake Bay Foundation for more than 40 years, shut down in 2019 because soil erosion and sea-level rise destroyed so much of the island’s salt marsh that its owners declared it unsafe.Recent surveys reveal that young people accept the science of climate change at far higher numbers than older generations, and so they take to the lessons. Today’s youngsters are conscious of heat and health, said Janice Kerber, director of the Everglades Youth Conservation Camp in Florida; they carry water bottles and use sunscreen. Ms. Kerber, who was raised in Florida, said sunscreen was rare when she was a girl.She has been involved with the camp since 1996, and said, “There’s been a marked difference in how much hotter it’s been.” In the late 1990s, she said, a heat index of 105 was highly unlikely. Today, a “115 heat index is not unheard-of.”Last year, the coronavirus pandemic drove camp enrollment down to 19.5 million from 26 million, said Kyle Winkel of the American Camp Association. As this year’s season begins, camp directors and counselors will employ a variety of techniques honed over the years to deal with spiking temperatures.At Camp Longhorn, outside of Burnet, Texas, Bill Robertson, general manager of the camp, quoted the late Tex Robertson, the founder and his father.“It’s not hot — it’s summertime!” he said with a knowing smile.Camp Longhorn has always dealt with high temperatures, since, despite the proximity of the cooling breezes from Inks Lake, the thermometer can rise well past 100 degrees. A warming planet simply means closer attention to the things they’ve been doing all along, he said, citing procedures and traditions laid down by his father’s generation.Longhorn staff members keep campers out of the sun from 1 until 4 in the afternoon. And Mr. Robertson says he watches for signs that it’s too hot for rigorous outdoor play, like “when the kids aren’t smiling and they’re not running to their activities.”Water is everywhere. Sprinklers spray the grass, and the campers, and plenty of activities take place in the lake. Even in the age before ubiquitous water bottles, the camp built a multi-spigot water fountain that delivered a refreshing but hard-to-control blast known as “Old Face-full.”Many camps turn their climate woes into a learning opportunity — part of their mission of connecting children with the natural world. “We’ve been trying to educate children and adults about nature and our environment since we started since the 1950s,” said Ms. Kroll, in Virginia. Ms. Laidlaw of the Michigan camp also said they teach campers about climate change, and added that she tires of the politicized arguments over the science of a warming planet.To those who would argue against the evidence, she has a suggestion: “Get out in nature and see the changes.”
201	4	The Reserve Bank is ramping up its climate stress-testing, warning that a combination of worsening droughts, floods, export tariffs and changing appetites for food could see farmers and property owners defaulting on their loans. Along coasts and rivers, insurance companies could withdraw protection from flood-prone houses, leaving banks at higher risk from exposure to mortgages on un-insured properties. In farming: “It is plausible... that agriculture could face drought, a consumer shift towards plant-based protein, intensified regulation [to cut greenhouse gases] and a carbon border adjustment mechanism in key export markets all at the same time,” said the central bank’s latest report, entitled Climate Changed. “These risks can affect the safety and soundness of the firms we regulate, the stability of the wider financial system and the macroeconomic outlook,” it said. The central bank’s report said it was embarking on an 18-month programme to devise a full climate stress test for financial industries, which it aims to launch in 2023. It also published its own carbon footprint for its two offices and 470 staff, as well as the goods and services it buys: a tally of just over 10,000 tonnes of emissions for 2020-21. That was down 10 per cent on 2019-20, mainly because of staff doing less business travel, because of Covid-19. READ MORE: * Should we fear the rise of the woke central banker?  * Climate change a risk to financial stability, Reserve Bank says * Companies will report climate risk, but they need more certainty from politicians * Plan to 'green' financial system could mean KiwiSaver funds must front up on carbon footprints  Because the Reserve Bank is responsible for helping to secure a stable financial system, it is concerned about anything that could affect the bottom lines of the banks and insurers it regulates – including climate change. Both climate impacts, and efforts to stop them by cutting emissions, pose risks to those companies. For example, people might switch to eating synthetic meat or plant-based protein, affecting livestock farmers, and their ability to pay their loans. Or high-emitting industries might find it hard to attract investment as big investors “green” their portfolios, the Reserve Bank report said. Carbon-intensive exports could also be hit with border taxes at the country of import. Companies and other entities might also risk liability from lawsuits by people seeking compensation for losses caused by climate change, the report noted. Meanwhile, previous research shows the effects of climate change have already cost New Zealand about $800 million in lost GDP from droughts in the past decade and could expose more than $18 billion worth of New Zealand buildings to flooding in the next few decades. On the flip side, longer growing seasons could help recoup financial losses from farming. These climate impacts can be difficult to accurately put a price on, because of the speed and uncertainty of change, the Reserve Bank report noted. But leaving them out of calculations can lead to high-risk behaviour. “The transmission of climate risk to the financial system needs to be better understood.” Many increasing risks are effectively “baked in” over the next few decades because of humanity's past pollution, the report noted – because the climate will keep changing even with rapid emissions cuts. “For general insurers this will mean more frequent extreme weather events leading to increasing claims and more large spikes in claims. “Over time, the trend could mean some assets become uninsurable. For banks this will mean increased risks to the properties they rely on as collateral. There will also be an increased risk of default, for example by agricultural borrowers dealing with the impacts of increasingly extreme weather such as droughts,” the Reserve Bank report said. On insurance: “General insurers typically rely on years with benign weather conditions to offset elevated claim costs from years with more extreme events, without needing to make significant adjustments to premiums,” it said. “With climate change, extreme weather events are becoming more commonplace and the frequency of years with benign weather – from an insurance perspective – will be greatly reduced.” The Reserve Bank also assessed the climate impact of the government bonds it invests in, which include New Zealand Government bonds as well as bonds backed by other governments. It found the carbon-intensity of its portfolio was higher than average for G7 country bonds, because our central bank holds more bonds from high-emitting countries (Australia and Canada for example) than it does from lower-emitting ones (such as the UK and Japan). New Zealand’s government bonds are also slightly higher in their emissions-intensity than the G7 average, said the report. The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change says carbon dioxide emissions need to fall rapidly, by about 45 per cent from 2010 levels by 2030, meaning big changes to the make-up of economies and investments. The latest Reserve Bank report highlights that slower Government action on climate change will increase the risks to financial stability, by creating a short, sharp correction later. “The longer we delay, the greater the potential for a disruptive transition... Beginning now to get on the path to a low-emission, climate-resilient economy... will help reduce the risks to the stability of the financial system,” it said. Already, Westpac’s climate risk disclosure has showed that bank alone has billions of dollars worth of exposure to climate change risks – mainly because of residential mortgages that are vulnerable to sea level rise.
640	4	The UN-funded financial arm of the Paris Agreement has labelled the killer coronavirus an “opportunity” to raise funds for climate change action and “relaunch economies on low-emission, climate-resilient trajectories”.The extraordinary statements have been published in a document by the Green Climate Fund – an international organisation with a $10.3 billion budget (US).Australia gifted it $200 million (AUD) in 2015 but Prime Minister Scott Morrison axed further contributions after questions were raised about funds being sent to China, the single largest CO2 emitter in the world.“While COVID-19 is causing untold suffering, the international response to this unprecedented health crisis in modern times offers an opportunity to direct finances towards bolstering climate action. GCF will continue to make critical investments in climate-resilient water resource management, health care facilities, agriculture and livelihoods – all of which are essential to subduing and overcoming the pandemic,” the organisation wrote in an official public update.“Similarly, we will step up our efforts to catalyse green investment to relaunch economies on low-emission, climate-resilient trajectories.“The Green Climate Fund is confident that only a united approach – bringing together determined efforts and innovation – will provide lasting solutions to both the COVID-19 pandemic and climate change.”The Green Climate Fund went on to suggest that climate change was a threat comparable to COVID-19 which has killed 165,000 people, infected millions more and ravaged global economies.“The COVID-19 pandemic and the global response required to stem it shows the importance of acting together to solve unparalleled threats to people and our planet,” the GCF said.“The far-reaching impacts of COVID-19 are a stark reminder of the catastrophic implications the world faces if we don’t.”A Sky News special investigation last year revealed the GCF squandered $3.7 million flying staff around the world for climate change conferences.The bureaucrats which run the GFC were paid $65 million in wages – a figure that has been steadily ballooning each year.It can also now be revealed that the fund sent $157.5 million (AUD) to China in December despite the country planning on increasing emissions by several thousand mega tonnes of CO2 by 2030.China escaped having to pay a cent towards the climate change fund by hanging on to its “developing nation” status even though it is a global superpower with the world’s second largest economy.China’s failure to contribute to the fund led to US President Donald Trump withdrawing from the deal, clawing back billions.However, funds Australians contributed still in part went towards financing a major antistructure project in Shandong – one of the biggest polluting cities in the world which has a $1.1 trillion GDP (US).The Green Climate Fund will finance “low carbon transport with supporting investments in new energy vehicles and bus rapid transit green corridors” in the major metropolis.
401	5	Pandemics such as coronavirus are the result of humanity’s destruction of nature, according to leaders at the UN, WHO and WWF International, and the world has been ignoring this stark reality for decades.The illegal and unsustainable wildlife trade as well as the devastation of forests and other wild places were still the driving forces behind the increasing number of diseases leaping from wildlife to humans, the leaders told the Guardian.They are calling for a green and healthy recovery from the Covid-19 pandemic, in particular by reforming destructive farming and unsustainable diets.A WWF report, also published on Wednesday, warns: “The risk of a new [wildlife-to-human] disease emerging in the future is higher than ever, with the potential to wreak havoc on health, economies and global security.”WWF’s head in the UK said post-Brexit trade deals that fail to protect nature would leave Britain “complicit in increasing the risk of the next pandemic”.High-level figures have issued a series of warnings since March, with the world’s leading biodiversity experts saying even more deadly disease outbreaks are likely in future unless the rampant destruction of the natural world is rapidly halted.Earlier in June, the UN environment chief and a leading economist said Covid-19 was an “SOS signal for the human enterprise” and that current economic thinking did not recognise that human wealth depends on nature’s health.“We have seen many diseases emerge over the years, such as Zika, Aids, Sars and Ebola and they all originated from animal populations under conditions of severe environmental pressures,” said Elizabeth Maruma Mrema, head of the UN convention on biological diversity, Maria Neira, the World Health Organization director for environment and health, and Marco Lambertini, head of WWF International, in the Guardian article.With coronavirus, “these outbreaks are manifestations of our dangerously unbalanced relationship with nature”, they said. “They all illustrate that our own destructive behaviour towards nature is endangering our own health – a stark reality we’ve been collectively ignoring for decades.“Worryingly, while Covid-19 has given us yet another reason to protect and preserve nature, we have seen the reverse take place. From the Greater Mekong, to the Amazon and Madagascar, alarming reports have emerged of increased poaching, illegal logging and forest fires, while many countries are engaging in hasty environmental rollbacks and cuts in funding for conservation. This all comes at a time when we need it most.“We must embrace a just, healthy and green recovery and kickstart a wider transformation towards a model that values nature as the foundation for a healthy society. Not doing so, and instead attempting to save money by neglecting environmental protection, health systems, and social safety nets, has already proven to be a false economy. The bill will be paid many times over.”The WWF report concludes the key drivers for diseases that move from wild animals to humans are the destruction of nature, the intensification of agriculture and livestock production, as well as the trading and consumption of high-risk wildlife.The report urges all governments to introduce and enforce laws to eliminate the destruction of nature from supply chains of goods and on the public to make their diets more sustainable.Beef, palm oil and soy are among the commodities frequently linked to deforestation and scientists have said avoiding meat and dairy products is the single biggest way for people to reduce their environmental impact on the planet.Tanya Steele, the head of WWF UK, said the post-Brexit trade deals must protect nature: “We cannot be complicit in increasing the risk of the next pandemic. We need strong legislation and trade deals that stop us importing food that is the result of rampant deforestation or whose production ignores poor welfare and environmental standards in producer countries. The government has a golden opportunity to make transformative, world-leading change happen.”The WWF report said 60-70% of the new diseases that have emerged in humans since 1990 came from wildlife. Over the same period, 178m hectares of forest have been cleared, equivalent to more than seven times the area of the UK.
960	0	"The Falcon Heavy's boosters burned for 154 seconds before they were jettisoned into space. Free from the main body of the rocket, they spun 180 degrees and arced back towards the earth, burning their engines again as they descended to Cape Canaveral, to land, smoothly, improbably upright, within a second of one other. Meanwhile, the main rocket pushed on, preparing to bring the world an even less credible sight. Four minutes into the flight, the nose cone broke apart to reveal its payload: a cherry-red electric sports car, with the top down, in space - a PR stunt for the ages.It was all brought to you by Elon Musk, the South African-born billionaire entrepreneur and founder of Paypal, electric car company Tesla, and SpaceX, the manufacturer of the Falcon Heavy. The partly-reusable Heavy is the most powerful rocket on earth, and, if Mr Musk is to be believed, a stepping stone to a rocket to Mars.The sports car in the nosecone was one of Mr Musk's own Tesla Roadsters. Its stereo was programmed to play David Bowie's Space Oddity on repeat as it travels for millions of years through space. Or until the battery dies, anyway.""It's kind of silly and fun,"" he conceded, ""but silly and fun things are important.""In the 12 years since Mr Musk sold online payments firm Paypal for $1.5bn, he has evolved in the public imagination into a kind of mad genius figure - part industrialist, part scientist, part playboy, part superhero. He has dated and married famous actresses, including Talulah Riley and Amber Heard, and had a rumoured fling with Cameron Diaz. Robert Downey Jr took inspiration from him to play Tony Stark in Iron Man.He has cornered private space flight and the electric car industry, ventured into solar energy and artificial intelligence, and promised super-high speed magnetic train travel, in a tube, underground. Oh, and he plans to colonise Mars.Most take Mr Musk's more wild ambitions and boasts with a galaxy-sized pinch of salt. His companies have missed deadline after deadline and recorded massive losses. But climate change campaigners have hailed the unexpected popularity of Tesla's electric cars, and the launch of the Falcon Heavy capped a string of successes for SpaceX.It all began in Pretoria, South Africa. As a young boy, he was obsessed with science fiction novels and more or less anything you could run a current through. His parents, Maye, a model, and Errol, an engineer, separated when he was eight. His younger brother and sister would stay with their mother, so he volunteered to go with their father. It did not go well. He later recalled returning home after vicious bullying at school, ""and it would just be awful there as well"".At 17, he moved to Canada to study physics and economics at Ontario's Queen's University. From Canada he migrated to the US in 1992, transferring to the University of Pennsylvania, and from Pennsylvania to a PhD in energy physics at Stanford in California, After two days, he quit.Instead he founded Zip2, an online newspaper platform, with his younger brother Kimbal. In 1999 they sold the company to Compaq for $300m, and Mr Musk ploughed his share into an online bank, X.com. X.com became Paypal, and in 2002 Paypal sold to eBay for $1.5bn. Aged 31, Mr Musk netted $165m.By that time, Mr Musk was two years into a marriage to Justine Wilson, an aspiring fantasy writer he met in Ontario. Mr Musk asked her out for ice cream. She agreed but then blew him off. He showed up in the student centre, where she was studying, with two cups of ice cream. ""He's not a man who takes no for an answer,"" Ms Wilson recalled in Marie Claire magazine.He is said to be a relentless worker. When he founded Zip2, he reportedly worked all day, slept in the office, and showered over the road at the YMCA. Asked in 2010 what advice he would give entrepreneurs, he suggested they should ""put in 80 to 100-hour weeks every week"".""If other people are putting in 40-hour work weeks, and you're putting in 100-hour work weeks, you'll achieve in four months what takes them a year,"" he said.As they danced at their wedding, Justine later recalled, he told her: ""I am the alpha in this relationship"". He was a controlling husband, she said, pushing her to dye her hair more and more blonde. ""I am your wife,"" she recalled saying, ""not your employee."" ""If you were my employee,"" he would reply, ""I would fire you.""Their first son, Nevada, died at 10 weeks from Sudden Infant Death Syndrome - a tragedy that Mr Musk refused to talk about, she said. They went on to have five more children - twins and a set of triplets - via IVF, but she struggled with depression over the death of their first son.Eight years after they married, they divorced, in a messy, multi-million dollar separation. Six weeks later, he texted her to say he was engaged to Talulah Riley, a British actress 14 years his junior. ""I will never be happy without having someone,"" he told Rolling Stone. ""Going to sleep alone kills me."" He and Ms Riley married in 2010. They divorced in 2012 and remarried in 2013. In 2014 he filed for, then withdrew, a second divorce and in 2016 she filed for divorce and it took.After the sale of Paypal in 2002, Mr Musk ploughed his $165m into three new companies: Tesla, SpaceX, and a solar energy company called Solar City. Tesla was a quixotic venture, a niche electric car company in a nation addicted to gas. With Mr Musk as CEO, the company set out a top-down plan - first, market a high-performance sports car, a machine that would set Tesla apart from a stereotype of small, underpowered electric vehicles. Then a luxury sedan, and finally a low-cost, mass-market electric car.A $456m loan from the US government saved Tesla from near-bankruptcy in 2008, and in 2010 it became the first American car company to float on the stock market since Ford in 1956. In 2017, it surpassed Ford and General Motors to become, briefly, the most valuable car company in the country. It was the market betting on a greener future, and not a reflection of Tesla's bottom line.Serious production delays on its low-cost Model 3 have compounded years of losses. On Wednesday, the day after its Roadster went interstellar, Tesla Inc landed with a bump. It reported a $675.4m (Â£487m) loss in the last quarter of 2017, more than five times worse than the previous year, although revenue climbed 44% to $3.3 billion.""We were in a deeper level of hell than we expected, still a few levels deeper than we would like to be,"" said Mr Musk on a conference call with analysts. It was a characteristic take for a man preoccupied with human extinction.A few hours earlier, he had announced on Twitter that the company's cosmic Roadster was en route to the asteroid belt, having overshot the trajectory for its planned Mars orbit. Then astronomers took a closer look at the data and concluded the car wouldn't make it that far. Not for the first time, SpaceX revised its projections.Over the past five or so years, Mr Musk has outlined varying plans and deadlines for his ultimate goal of sending humans to colonise the Red Planet. Late last year, he said he expected SpaceX to send a cargo mission in 2022, to lay groundwork, followed by a manned mission in 2024. The practical difficulties and dangers of sending humans 140 million miles to Mars are huge. Nasa has been more circumspect, putting its estimate for a manned mission somewhere in the mid-2030s.But the successes of SpaceX's more prosaic work - resupply missions to the space station, commercial satellite launches, Nasa and Air Force contracts - have propelled it to near the top of the list of the world's most valuable privately-held companies, with a $21.2bn valuation.The company has pioneered new reusable rocket technology, wowing the world, as on Tuesday, with the sight of pencil-like rockets gracefully descending to land with pinpoint accuracy, on land and at sea. It has undercut Nasa and major established rivals such as Boeing to provide (relatively) cheap space flight.And as SpaceX looks to the heavens, another of Mr Musk's companies is going underground. In October, the Boring Company won permission from the US government to dig a 10-mile test tunnel under Maryland. Mr Musk hopes it will one day house the ""Hyperloop"", an electromagnetic bullet train he has boasted will carry passengers at up to 760mph (1223km/h). In July, he tweeted that he had won ""verbal government approval"" to build a Hyperloop between New York and DC that would reduce the journey time from three hours to 29 minutes. Officials said no such approval had been given.The Hyperloop idea has its fair share of critics. Thom Neff, a civil engineer, put it succinctly when he told Wired last year, ""I would put what Mr Musk is saying today in the bullshit category."" A working Hyperloop is, without doubt, a long way off. But to those who admire him, Mr Musk is a visionary, an irrepressible Howard Hughes-like figure revolutionising industry after industry. His two latest ventures, Neuralink and OpenAI, take him into the world of artificial intelligence. His madcap ideas to save humanity from itself have even earned him the honour of a parody Twitter account, ""Bored Elon Musk"". On Tuesday, after one of Mr Musk's companies blasted a sports car into space and another reported record losses, his bored alter-ego put out a single tweet. ""Classic Tuesday,"" it said."
291	5	For the first time, scientists have detected the “fingerprint” of human-induced climate change on daily weather patterns at the global scale. If verified by subsequent work, the findings, published Thursday in Nature Climate Change, would upend the long-established narrative that daily weather is distinct from long-term climate change.The study’s results also imply that research aimed at assessing the human role in contributing to extreme weather events such as heat waves and floods may be underestimating the contribution.The new study, which was motivated in part by President Trump’s tweets about how a cold day in one particular location disproves global warming, uses statistical techniques and climate model simulations to evaluate how daily temperatures and humidity vary around the world. Scientists compared the spatial patterns of these variables with what physical science shows is expected because of climate change.The study concludes that the spatial patterns of global temperature and humidity are, in fact, distinguishable from natural variability, and have a human component to them. Going further, the study concludes that the long-term climate trend in global average temperature can be predicted if you know a single day’s weather information worldwide.Study co-author Reto Knutti, of ETH Zurich, said the research alters what we can say about how weather and climate change are connected.“We’ve always said when you look at weather, that’s not the same as climate,” he said. “That’s still true locally; if you are in one particular place and you only know the weather right now, right here, there isn’t much you can say.”However, on a global scale, that is no longer true, Knutti said. “Global mean temperature on a single day is already quite a bit shifted. You can see this human fingerprint in any single moment.“Weather is climate change if you look over the whole globe,” he added.The research uses the techniques applied in other “detection and attribution” studies that have sought to identify the signal of human-caused climate change in longer-term changes at the global level, such as the seasonal temperature cycle of the planet or heating of the oceans.The authors, from research institutions in Switzerland and Norway, use machine learning to estimate how the patterns of temperature and moisture at daily, monthly and yearly time scales relate to two important climate change metrics: global average surface temperatures and the energy imbalance of the planet. Increasing amounts of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere are causing Earth to hold in more of the sun’s energy, leading to an energy surplus.The researchers then utilized machine learning techniques to detect a global fingerprint of human-caused climate change from the relationships between the weather and global warming metrics, and compare it with historical weather data.By doing this, scientists were able to tease out the signal of human-caused global warming from any single day of global weather observations since 2012. When looking at annual data, the human-caused climate signal emerged in 1999, the study found.In what one outside expert, Michael Wehner of Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, deemed a “profoundly disturbing” result, the study found that the global warming fingerprint remained present even when the signal from the global average temperature trend was removed.“This . . . is telling us that anthropogenic climate change has become so large that it exceeds even daily weather variability at the global scale,” Wehner said in an email. “This is disturbing as the Earth is on track for significantly more warming in even the most optimistic future scenarios.”Stanford University climate scientist Noah Diffenbaugh, who was not involved in the study, said it advances our understanding of climate change’s effects.“The fact that the influence of global warming can now be seen in the daily weather around the world — which in some ways is the noisiest manifestation — is another clear sign of how strong the signal of climate change has become,” he said in an email. “This study provides important new evidence that climate change is influencing the conditions that people and ecosystems are experiencing every day, all around the world.”The research may provide a bridge between two approaches to detecting the human fingerprint on the changing climate. One of these techniques focuses on long-term trends, while another looks at regionally specific, shorter-term extreme weather events. Until this new study, there was no way to integrate these two specialties.“Because it’s not possible to disentangle the fingerprint of climate change from natural internal variability for any particular extreme event, these studies use model simulations to estimate how the probabilities of such ‘class of events’ may have changed under anthropogenic climate change,” said study lead author Sebastian Sippel, of the Institute for Atmospheric and Climate Science at ETH Zurich.“Our study could be seen also as linking these two sides of the same coin,” he said.The study contains uncertainties, particularly when it comes to the accuracy of computer models in simulating various climate cycles. It also does not tease out the importance of other factors that influence the climate, such as land-use change and human-made and volcanic aerosols.Knutti notes that the use of machine learning techniques, which can help tease out patterns in large data sets, can introduce uncertainties as well, although he’s confident those were minimized here.While the new study does not attribute the climate change trends they found completely to human activities, Sippel said it’s unlikely there is another plausible explanation.“We know from many other studies that the warming in the last 40 years is almost entirely human,” he said, adding that this is the subject of follow-up work.
757	5	Some 252 million years ago, Earth almost died.In the oceans, 96 percent of all species became extinct. It’s harder to determine how many terrestrial species vanished, but the loss was comparable. This mass extinction, at the end of the Permian Period, was the worst in the planet’s history, and it happened over a few thousand years at most — the blink of a geological eye. On Thursday, a team of scientists offered a detailed accounting of how marine life was wiped out during the Permian-Triassic mass extinction. Global warming robbed the oceans of oxygen, they say, putting many species under so much stress that they died off. And we may be repeating the process, the scientists warn. If so, then climate change is “solidly in the category of a catastrophic extinction event,” said Curtis Deutsch, an earth scientist at the University of Washington and co-author of the new study, published in the journal Science.Researchers have long known the general outlines of Permian-Triassic cataclysm. Just before the extinctions, volcanoes in what is now Siberia erupted on a tremendous scale. The magma and lava that they belched forth produced huge amounts of carbon dioxide. Once in the atmosphere, the gas trapped heat. Researchers estimate that the surface of the ocean warmed by about 18 degrees Fahrenheit. Some researchers argue that the heat alone killed off many species. Others believe that the warmth reduced oxygen in the ocean, asphyxiating the species living there. Rocks from the mass extinction appear to have formed when at least some of the ocean was lacking oxygen.In previous research, Dr. Deutsch has explored how living animals adapt to temperature and oxygen levels in the seas. Animals with a fast metabolism need a lot of oxygen, for example, and so they can’t live in parts of the ocean where oxygen falls below a certain threshold. Warm water makes the challenge even more difficult. Warmer water can’t hold as much dissolved oxygen as cold water. Even worse, warm water can also increase an animal’s metabolism, meaning it requires more oxygen just to stay alive.Cod, for example, are not found below a latitude running roughly from New England to Spain. South of that line, warmth and low oxygen are just too great for the species.Dr. Deutsch and Justin Penn, a graduate student, recreated the world at the end of the Permian Period with a large-scale computer simulation, complete with a heat-trapping atmosphere and a circulating ocean.As the Siberian volcanoes flooded the virtual atmosphere with carbon dioxide, the atmosphere warmed. The ocean warmed, too — and according to the model, it began losing oxygen.Some parts lost more than others. On the surface, for example, fresh oxygen was produced by photosynthetic algae. But as the ocean warmed, its circulatory currents also slowed, the model demonstrated. Oxygen-poor water settled to the bottom of the oceans, and before long, the deep was gasping. Rising temperatures and plunging oxygen must have made huge swaths of the oceans uninhabitable. Some species survived here and there. But most disappeared completely. “Everything was losing a lot of habitat, creating the risk of extinction,” said Dr. Deutsch. “But the risk was actually higher in places that were cold. That was a bit surprising.”You might expect that animals near the Equator would be at a greater risk, because the water was warm to begin with. But Dr. Deutsch’s model suggested a very different kind of apocalypse. Animals in oxygen-rich cold water could not handle the sudden drop, while those in tropical waters were already adapted to poor oxygen. And the cold-water species could not find refuge elsewhere. To test their simulation, the researchers teamed up with Jonathan Payne and Erik Sperling, paleontologists at Stanford University. They dug into a huge online database of fossils to chart the risks of extinction at different latitudes during the catastrophe. When they were done with their analysis, they sent their graph to Seattle. Dr. Deutsch and Mr. Penn compared it to the prediction from their computer model. They matched. “This was the most exciting moment of my scientific life,” said Dr. Deutsch.Michael Benton, a paleontologist at the University of Bristol in England, who was not involved in the study, said that it resolved the roles of heat and oxygen as causes of the mass extinction. “This makes a clear case that, of course, the two are linked,” he said. [Like the Science Times page on Facebook. | Sign up for the Science Times newsletter.]The new study offers an important warning to humans over the next few centuries. The Siberian volcanoes ultimately delivered much more carbon dioxide into the atmosphere than we will ever emit by burning fossil fuels. But our annual rate of carbon emissions is actually higher.The carbon we released over the past two centuries already has made the atmosphere warmer, and the ocean has absorbed much of that heat. And now, just as during the Permian-Triassic extinction, the ocean is losing oxygen. Over the past fifty years, oxygen levels have declined by 2 percent. “The way the Earth system is responding now to the buildup of CO2 is in the exact same way that we’ve seen it respond in the past,” said Lee Kump, a geoscientist at Penn State University. Just how much warmer the planet will get is up to us. It will take a tremendous international effort to keep the increase below about 4 degrees Fahrenheit. If we proceed to use up all the fossil fuels on Earth, it could warm by as much as 17 degrees Fahrenheit by 2300. As the ocean warms, its oxygen levels will continue to drop. If ancient history is any guide, the consequences for life — especially marine life in the cooler parts of the ocean — will be disastrous.“Left unchecked, climate warming is putting our future on the same scale as some of the worst events in geological history,” Dr. Deutsch said.
648	0	Sky News host Rowan Dean says Biden administration “clowns” think they can change the planet’s climate but can’t even run a Zoom meeting.President Joe Biden invited 40 world leaders to a climate summit this week, which was virtually streamed, but it was laden with technical errors.Prime Minister Scott Morrison spoke without audio, and French President Emmanuel Macron was cut off mid-speech for Russian President Vladimir Putin to talk but he sat muted, speaking to someone at his side.“These clowns can’t even run a Zoom meeting and yet they’re going to fix the world, they’re going to change the weather for the next centuries to come, they’re going to re-create our capitalist system,” Mr Dean said.“What an absolute joke.”
452	3	"A Somalian man who violated a sleeping woman in an effort to be deported to his homeland has breached his release conditions four times since leaving jail in January. Mohammed Abdiwali​​ was jailed for another three months on Friday after admitting two charges of breaching his conditions. Abdiwali was on conditions after serving five years and nine months’ jail for sexually violating a woman in Te Puke in 2014. He climbed into the woman's bed during a burglary. READ MORE: * Six men sentenced for drunken attack on innocent revellers * Drunken argument lands robbery brothers back in court * Sex offender back in custody; still keen on being deported  She woke to find she was being molested and he fled with stolen items, including a laptop and alcohol. He said he did it because he believed he would be deported to Somalia if he committed a serious crime. He served his entire sentence before his release on January 10.  Abdiwali then breached his release conditions on January 21 and March 30, and was jailed each time. In the Palmerston North District Court on Friday, Abdiwali's lawyer Fergus Steedman​ said the only choice was more jail time. ”He told me he just wants to get sentenced. He wants to do his time.” Abdiwali had an offer of employment and wanted to make a ""new beginning"", Steedman said. “Ultimately, he wants to go back to Somalia. “Each time I have talked to him, he has stressed that is where he sees his life.” Judge Stephanie Edwards​ said Abdiwali’s latest two breaches, on May 22 and July 1, came through the use of drugs and alcohol. Abdiwali was banned from drugs and alcohol because his use of substances made him behave in “a disturbed way”, the judge said. Using substances made him have unhealthy choices with women, including heading to Thames during the coronavirus lockdown to meet a woman he did not know, the judge said. “It raises a real issue of your risk in the community.” Paperwork problems were the reason Abdiwali could not travel, she said."
79	5	A global mean temperature increase of 2.5C above pre-industrial levels may lead to global aggregate economic losses of between 0.2 and 2.0 per cent, the report warns. Photo / ThinkstockThe huge impact of climate change will be laid bare at the end of this month when the UN publishes its most authoritative account so far into the misery likely to be inflicted by unchecked global warming.According to a final draft version of the report, seen by The Independent, climate change is set to have a devastating impact on everything from human health, social stability and food security to the economy, ecosystems and water resources by the end of this century.The report predicts that by the end of the century hundreds of millions of people will be affected by coastal flooding and displaced due to land loss. The majority affected will be in East Asia, South-east Asia and South Asia. Rising sea levels mean coastal systems and low-lying areas will increasingly experience submergence, coastal flooding and coastal erosion.Relatively low local temperature increases of 1C or more above pre-industralised levels are projected to negatively impact yields of major crops such as wheat, rice and maize in tropical and temperate regions. The report forecasts that climate change will reduce median yields by up to 2 per cent per decade for the rest of the century - against a backdrop of rising demand that is set to increase by 14 per cent per decade until 2050.A global mean temperature increase of 2.5C above pre-industrial levels may lead to global aggregate economic losses of between 0.2 and 2.0 per cent, the report warns. Global GDP was $71.8trn (43.1trn) in 2012, meaning a 2 per cent reduction would wipe $1.4trn off the world's economic output that year.Until mid-century, climate change will impact human health mainly by exacerbating problems that already exist, the report says. Climate change will lead to increases in ill-health in many regions, with examples including a greater likelihood of injury, disease and death due to more intense heatwaves and fires; increased likelihood of under-nutrition; and increased risks from food and water-borne diseases. Without accelerated investment in planned adaptations, climate change by 2050 would increase the number of undernourished children under the age of 5 by 20-25 million globally, or by 17-22 per cent, it says.Read more:• Seven lost civilisations and how they collapsed• Climate change could cause sea ice growth• Collapse of civilisation is coming - Nasa studyClimate change over the 21st century will have a significant impact on forms of migration that compromise human security, the report states. For example, it indirectly increases the risks from violent conflict in the form of civil war, inter-group violence and violent protests by exacerbating well-established drivers of these conflicts such as poverty and economic shocks.Small-island states and other places highly vulnerable to sea-level rise face major challenges to their territorial integrity. Some transboundary impacts of climate change, such as changes in sea ice, shared water resources and migration of fish stocks have the potential to increase rivalry among states.The draft of the report says freshwater-related risks of climate change increase significantly with increasing greenhouse gas emissions. It finds that climate change will reduce renewable surface water and groundwater resources significantly in most dry subtropical regions, exacerbating the competition for water. Terrestrial and freshwater species will also face an increased extinction risk under projected climate change during and beyond the 21st century.- THE INDEPENDENTPhotos / Thinkstock
455	3	"The effects of climate change will be felt the most by the people with the least resources to cope.  Deena Coster reports. The consequences of climate change could ultimately force two elderly pensioners out of their beachside home and into the unknown. Sisters Joan and Esther Olsson are among the residents who live in the Waitara East beach settlement in north Taranaki. Waitara is about 15 kilometres north of New Plymouth and has some of the highest levels of deprivation in the region, according to the New Zealand Index of Deprivation. READ MORE: * Why New Zealand lags behind Scandinavia on climate action  * Coronavirus: How to live lightly while in home lockdown * Introducing the Forever Project: lasting, meaningful coverage of the climate challenge In the four decades the Olssons have owned their home, the landscape around them has altered significantly. ""It's all changed, everything's changed,"" Joan, 76, said. She and 78-year-old Esther have no plans to move, but say that if the safety risk posed by rising sea levels, or damage wrought by more frequent storms - both issues which plague the area - force them out of their home, they would probably have to move into a flat. ""I don't want to shift,"" Joan said. ""I love this place."" It would be an emotional wrench for Esther as well. ""This is our special spot."" Research shows the effects of climate change will not be spread evenly across the population and will be felt more keenly in areas where existing socio-economic and health inequalities exist. In New Zealand, children, the elderly, people with disabilities and chronic disease and low-income groups are particularly vulnerable. In October 2017, the Human Health Impacts of Climate Change for New Zealand report from the Royal Society warned of indirect social effects, including disruption to health services and other social and economic challenges, including food security. It also said an adverse impact on mental health and the health of the community was likely. Another report, from the United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs, highlighted a ""vicious cycle"" involving climate change and inequality. It said initial disparities caused disadvantaged groups to suffer disproportionately from the adverse effects of climate change, resulting in even greater subsequent inequality.  It plays out like this: inequality increases the exposure of the disadvantaged group to the negative effects of climate change; these differences then increase the disadvantaged group's susceptibility to damage, and decrease their ability to cope and recover. Last year, an expert from the United Nations issued a warning about ""climate apartheid"" - where the rich will be able to afford to buy their way out of the worst effects of climate change while the poor suffer the most. In New Zealand, 17 per cent of children live in households below the poverty line, defined as 50 per cent of the median income before taking into account housing costs. About 148,000 children go without their basic needs being met, including not having decent shoes or getting enough food, while 65,000 suffer severe hardship. And it's a problem not going away anytime soon. The 2020 Salvation Army State of the Nation report said nothing had changed in terms of addressing entrenched inequality and poverty in New Zealand. So what happens when you add climate change and its consequences into the mix? Popular ideas suggested online regarding how individuals can help tackle climate change in their own lives include eating less meat, or cutting back on air travel. Arguably, people living in poverty, or on its margins, are already doing this by default. Not out of concerns over the climate, but because they can't afford it. For some whose work is dedicated to giving a hand up to those in need, the climate crisis is not on the radar. Sharon Wills, manager of the New Plymouth Foodbank, said there was little time for the ""big picture stuff"" since the service ran from pay cheque to pay cheque, much like its clients. ""We struggle to get enough food and money just to keep running.""  One of the dramatic swings she had seen, as a result of wetter weather, was an increase in power bills. Wills said this directly impacted on how much money people had left in their pockets, and therefore the demand on the foodbank's stores. ""It puts a strain on our supply. It's just a vicious cycle."" For the disabled and ageing sectors of society, climate change was a real consideration, New Plymouth-based advocate Lance Girling-Butcher said. Extreme temperatures not only affected the health and welfare of the older generation - they could also contribute to fluctuating power bills.   Tracey Bryant, Waitara Alive Board chair and general manager of Wise Charitable Trust, said work was going on to find ways for lower socioeconomic sections of the community to adapt. ""We are certainly aware that there are changes and Waitara is a vulnerable community."" Bryant said the lack of transport options and the scant resources of some Waitara residents raised questions about their ability to stockpile groceries or safely leave the area, if it was hit by an extreme weather event. ""If they can't afford to keep fuel in their petrol tank, how are they going to evacuate?"" Bryant said. One fledgling idea on the table to possibly help was setting up a community energy network, which would provide a standalone power supply so residents were not reliant on heavy infrastructure.   It could ultimately lead to cheaper power bills in future too, Bryant said. However, the viability of such a project in the town was only being considered and it was too early to know if it would go ahead, she said."
193	0	"Kiwi striker Chris Wood scored his 13th goal of the English Premier League season with a spectacular overhead kick in Burnley’s 2-0 win over nine-man Norwich City. Wood set a record as Burnley’s highest scorer in a Premier League season when he acrobatically struck a shot past Norwich keeper Tim Krul from close range just before the halftime break on Saturday (Sunday NZ time). The All Whites forward – who has fought back from an Achilles tendon injury which sidelined him for the first few games after the EPL restart – was delighted to score, and even more pleased to see Burnley claim a 15th clean sheet and complete a record number of EPL points (54). ""It's a record number of wins so that's fantastic,’’ Wood told Sky Sports. READ MORE: * Chris Wood rescues point for Burnley as Manchester City, Arsenal and Spurs win * Chris Wood in doubt for English Premier League's return with injury * Premier League: Chris Wood hits out at penalty controversy after setting personal goal scoring record  Wood became the first player to reach 13 goals for Burnley in an English top-flight season in 44 years – since Ray Hankin and Peter Noble in 1975-76, according to Burnley’s Twitter account. ""Personally, it's lovely [to score more goals in a Premier League season than any Burnley player],’’ he said. “You always go out there to score. We want to finish as high as possible. We want the same performance - solid, hard-working, and we'll see what we can do [against Brighton]. Hopefully we can get the win.’’ Wood, who had scored from the penalty spot in a 1-1 midweek draw with Wolves, said it was “a good time to score before half-time when they went down to nine men’’, after defenders Emi Buendía and Jospi Drmic were sent off for senseless fouls. “You know they'll go two banks of four and try to defend their box, and they did very well. We've got three points, that's all that matters,’’ Wood said. ""It seems like the club are achieving more every year. It's a great set of lads. We want to finish as high as possible."" “ We’ve got a record number of wins and record number of points. We are very motivated, we wanted to beat the 52-points mark.’’ Wood now has 34 goals in 103 EPL matches for Burnley, and earned praise from Clarets manager Sean Dyche for his timely strike. ""We needed something because it was a strange game. The whole thing was strange. He's [Chris Wood] found the net from an awkward on,’’ Dyche told Sky Sports. ""We didn't think he would be playing through this restart, but he's found the net for us again. Woody finds another goal!’’ After watching Burnley climb to ninth place, Dyche said it was “a bizarre game’’. ""I don't think I've played against a team with two sendings off... We'll take the clean sheet and the win. ""To have 15 clean sheets and the wins on the table is very pleasing, so I'm delighted for the players.’’ Wood’s goal came just after Drmic was sent off, and hapless Norwich – already relegated before the match – gifted another through an 80th minute own goal by defender Ben Godfrey."
885	3	COFFEE IS A multi-billion dollar industry that supports the economies of several tropical countries. Roughly 100m farmers depend on it for their livelihoods. Unfortunately for them, and for the many other people around the world for whom coffee is a near-essential adjunct to life, coffee bushes grow best in a rather narrow range of temperatures, so their cultivation is threatened by a changing climate. But a chance discovery by Aaron Davis of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, in Britain, published in Nature Plants, may offer a way out. Dr Davis and his colleagues report that they have tracked down a type of wild coffee which is both pleasant to taste and tolerant of higher temperatures.The existing coffee market is dominated by Coffea arabica and Coffea canephora. Arabica hails from the highlands of Ethiopia and South Sudan. It prefers temperatures of 18-22°C. Coffea canephora, commonly called robusta, originated at lower elevations in west and central Africa. It was once thought capable of coping with temperatures of 30°C, but recent work suggests that it does not flourish above 24°C.Lots of other coffee species are known (122 at the last count). And many do, indeed, grow in places warmer than those preferred by canephora and arabica. But all were thought to have poorer flavours, smaller beans and lower yields. Dr Davis, however, came across a paper written in 1834 by George Don, a Scottish botanist, which described a species from the lowland hills of Sierra Leone. Don dubbed it Coffea stenophylla, and wrote that it had a flavour superior to arabica’s.This piqued Dr Davis’s interest, for stenophylla still grows, he discovered, in parts of Guinea, Sierra Leone and Ivory Coast that have temperature ranges between 24 and 26°C. He and his colleagues also learned that stenophylla was farmed up until the 1920s, after which canephora, which had higher yields, took over. Stenophylla was then gradually forgotten.That history of previous cultivation did, however, suggest stenophylla was worth looking into. The crucial question was, was Don’s panegyric to its flavour justified? To find out, Dr Davis enlisted the assistance of Delphine Mieulet of CIRAD, an agronomy-research centre in Montpellier, France. Together, they arranged a competition involving 18 professional coffee tasters who assessed, in a blind comparison, a set of samples that included stenophylla, two types of arabica and one of canephora.Stenophylla performed well. It was rated as having higher fruitlike qualities than a Brazilian arabica and an Indonesian canephora, and also a more favourable acidity and more complex flavour profile, though slightly less of these desiderata than an Ethiopian arabica. It had nearly the same body as the others, and lacked an unpleasant, earthy bitterness found in the Brazilian arabica and the Indonesian canephora. When asked if what they were tasting was arabica, the judges said “yes” 81% of the time for samples of stenophylla, compared with 98% for the arabica from Ethiopia. They identified the Brazilian arabica as such only 44% of the time, and (showing no one is perfect) misidentified the canephora as arabica on 7% of occasions.All told, these results suggest that Don’s report from 1834 is correct. Stenophylla does taste like arabica. And, crucially, it tolerates higher temperatures than either arabica or canephora. That opens two possible courses of action. One is to cultivate it directly, though this might run into the yield problem which led to its abandonment in the first place. The other is to crossbreed it with existing cultivars, to endow those high-yielding varieties with its heat tolerance. Whichever path is pursued, though (and they are not mutually exclusive), the rediscovery of stenophylla’s qualities offers hope not only to coffee growers who might otherwise have had their businesses harmed by rising temperatures, but also to the world’s caffeine addicts, who need now worry less about the future supply of their drug of choice. ■A version of this article was published online on April 21st, 2021.
658	3	"AS A follow-up to last week's post wondering why Americans don't care about global warming, I wanted to mention a few things drawn from the comments and elsewhere around the web.One theme from commenters was that they're not concerned about climate change because they don't believe in climate change. This is exactly the view that infuriates some people who do believe in climate change. However, let's keep in mind that there's a lot of variation within the group of climate-change sceptics. Similarly, as Matt Ridley points out on his blog, to the extent that there's a consensus about climate change, it's a consensus that admits to differing views about the likely causes and consequences. As the Intergovernmental Panel for Climate Change put it, for example: ""Most of the observed increase in global average temperatures since the mid-20th century is very likely due to the observed increase in anthropogenic greenhouse gas concentrations."" (Emphasis from Mr Ridley.)A related concern was the politicisation of scientists. As commenter RestrainedRadical pointed out, most of the prominent climate hawks are Democrats. On its face, that looks awfully political, although there may be a causal confusion (if people who care about the environment become Democrats). The New York Times had an article last week about a conference for social psychologists in San Antonio, where Jonathan Haidt of the University of Virginia, based on a show of hands in a ballroom, estimated that 80% of the people in the room were liberals:He was talking about social psychologists in particular—a group that we would assume would be more interested in squishy issues than a random sample of Americans—but other academics have found that university professors are overwhelmingly Democratic. It's pretty interesting to think about the possible reasons for that—and maybe it's a discussion we can have in the future on this blog—but for the current context, let's just note that sceptics aren't being unreasonable to suspect some bias.This doesn't mean that people should give up worrying about climate change, but it does suggest that the issue is overly polarised between the believers and the sceptics. Some commenters had the provocative thought that environmentalists should emphasise the effect (climate change) rather than the cause (anthropogenic). I was mulling this before the first post; in the Rasmussen poll linked there, there's a segment of people who believe in climate change but not that it's man-made. Presumably they would be particularly prone to dropping out of the debate if the emphasis on anthropogenic climate change discredits scientists in their eyes. However, if climate change is indeed caused by human behaviour, then it could be important to bring that forward, as slowing climate change would likely necessitate changing human behaviour. Any more thoughts on that?Moving on, the World Bank has a cross-country poll of views on climate change. Their results for the United States roughly correspond to Rasmussen's, and do show Americans being less exercised about climate change than other countries. The poll also suggests a logical inverse relationship between levels of carbon emissions and levels of concern over the environment. On particularly American issues, Tzimisces was the first commenter to pull out an assumption implicit in the idea that America is more committed to heavy carbon use than most states—that America has a car culture most states do not. Tzi points out that cars are a symbol of freedom and autonomy, and that they're the only viable mode of transportation for a lot of working people. ""Why don't Americans care about public transport?"" is another question, one answer to which is that America's physical size and settlement patterns make public transportation an implausible way to commute in all but the densest metro areas. The United States also has a structural issue that affects its international participation, which is that the Senate has to approve international treaties by a two-thirds vote.Following on from that, note that the original post, ""Why don't Americans care about global warming?"" is one of the most-discussed items on the entire website this week, a category typically filled with major news stories and caption contests. This suggests an additional question: ""Why do people care so much about why Americans don't care about global warming?"" A few possible answers suggest themselves—maybe people love a chance to pick on America—but the most plausible is that people care about America's views on the issue because, as I suggested in the earlier post, America is big enough that its involvement may be necessary for a global fight against climate change. This is a dynamic that persists in other issues and suggests a hypothesis: hegemonic states are prone to lag on collective-action problems, because other states value their activity more highly than they do. For a different take on global leadership, or the lack thereof, see Nouriel Roubini, writing today in Slate.(Photo credit: AFP)"
535	2	The president heartened environmentalists with the strongest presidential statement on warming in history. All that's left to see is how he follows through.
63	4	According to the UN, most major polluters are not on track to meet their Paris goals. But critics say that accounting may be too pessimistic.Humanity is losing ground in its battle against climate change.On Tuesday, a new UN report warned that the world is farther than it was last year from meeting the goals of the Paris Agreement on climate change. More than half of the planet’s richest countries—including Canada, Australia, South Korea, the United States, and the nations of the European Union—are not cutting their carbon pollution as fast as they promised under that treaty, it says.If humanity does not change course, then Earth could warm by roughly 6 degrees Fahrenheit by the end of the century, the report suggests. This is enough warming to set off some of the most feared consequences of climate change, including deadly heat waves, ravaging wildfires, widespread plant and animal extinctions, and potentially many feet of runaway sea-level rise.Read: The worst is yet to come for California’s wildfires“The gap between where we are and where we need to be is much bigger than it was last year,” says Philip Drost, an officer at UN Environment who helped write the report. “We have new evidence that countries are not doing enough.”Joseph Curtin, a senior fellow at the Institute of International and European Affairs who was not involved with the UN report, affirmed its overall message. “It’s no surprise whatsoever that the picture has worsened since last year,” he told me in an email. Meeting the Paris goals “requires dramatic global reductions in emissions, but as the report notes, emissions have not declined.”But he took issue with some of its country-specific conclusions, especially for the EU. The report uses a stringent method of forecasting whether a country is on track to meet its goals, extrapolating only the policies that are in place today. He predicted that the EU would make its Paris targets by its 2030 deadline, adding that the group must reconcile policies across 28 member states.“The EU is in fact rushing ahead to meet its pledge,” he said. “You can’t just snap your fingers and make it happen.”The UN’s dire diagnosis comes as the Paris Agreement faces an ambiguous future. Completed in 2015, the treaty allowed for each country to set its own climate goal. The UN expects each country to increase the ambition of its climate goal over time. But President Donald Trump, who intends to withdraw the United States from the agreement, has damaged this “ratchet mechanism,” Curtin said.Read: Did Donald Trump just make the planet hotter?In fact, a global rightward shift on climate change seems to be occurring. In the United States, Trump has undone several major programs meant to limit carbon pollution. In Australia, Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull failed to pass an energy-reform bill that included modest climate goals, and was promptly ousted by his own party for proposing it. In Brazil, the far-right president-elect, Jair Bolsonaro, has promised to strip the Amazon rainforest of its legal protections, possibly clearing the way for logging of such scale as to virtually ensure dangerous climate change.Even in France, the birthplace of the climate treaty, rioters have taken to the streets this week to protest President Emmanuel Macron’s new climate-friendly tax on gasoline and diesel.France, Brazil, Australia, and the United States are all members of the G20, an organization of the world’s 20 largest economies or central banks. Drost, the UN officer who helped lead the new report, said the G20 countries are primarily responsible for the growing failure to meet Paris. Taken together, they emit about 80 percent of worldwide carbon pollution every year.But Drost did not solely blame laggards in the G20, such as Australia or the United States, for failing Paris. A few members of the group—notably India, Russia, and Turkey—will massively overshoot their Paris targets, he said. This suggests that they originally picked goals that were too easy to meet.The UN report identifies two reasons for the growing gap between the Paris goals and reality. First, worldwide carbon pollution rose in 2017, thanks to growing economies in Asia, booming SUV sales worldwide, and a small increase in coal use in India. This was the first time that global carbon emissions had risen in three years. Second, a blockbuster report released last month by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change said that the world will not be able to directly remove as much carbon dioxide from the atmosphere as once thought.Read: What SUVs reveal about the erosion of American society“A lot of people were patting themselves on the back for the flatlining in emissions from 2014 to 2016,” says Kelly Levin, an author of the UN report and a policy analyst at the World Resources Institute. “But even if [countries’ Paris goals] are fully implemented, emissions aren’t scheduled to peak until after 2030.”Under that set of goals, the world would warm above pre-industrial levels by at least 5.7 degrees Fahrenheit by 2100—and likely more if it overshoots the 2030 targets. That’s not nearly enough to avoid the worst consequences of climate change, according to that same recent IPCC report. To safely hold global temperature rise to 2.7 degrees, the IPCC says that the world must dramatically cut emissions before 2030.Earth has already warmed 1.8 degrees since the beginning of the 20th century.But countries “have a lot of time to course-correct,” Levin told me. Most of them have set a self-imposed deadline of 2030 for their Paris goals, although a few, including the United States, chose 2025.Curtin said that he fully expected the EU to make its goals under the Paris treaty—it just needed more time. “The EU is on track to meet its 2020 pledge (it will significantly over-comply), and then 2030 will come into greater focus,” he told me. He added that he doesn’t love the UN’s pessimistic public pose. “I think it’s very dangerous to take a ‘plague on all their houses approach,’” he said. Instead, he favored promoting policies such as those in Sweden, the U.K., and Germany as examples the rest of the world should follow.And not everything looks bleak in global climate policy. Even as the United Kingdom plans to leave the EU, it has publicly promised to uphold the EU’s climate goals under Paris. The UN report also hails states, cities, and companies that have promised to cut their carbon emissions. The Science Based Targets initiative, which has set pollution-cutting goals for companies such as McDonald’s, General Mills, and CVS Health, deserved high praise, Drost said.“What this report makes strikingly clear is that everyone has to do everything,” he told me. “Citizens have to be engaged, have to pay attention, have to use their purchasing power, have to demand changefrom businesses. Governments have to scale up their [Paris pledges]. Everyone needs to act, and everyone can act.”
43	4	"Photo by pawelbak/Flickr CCClimate change has been blamed for a host of alarming phenomena, from Arctic ice melt to rising pollen counts. Warming is also bad news for food lovers, as recent reports warn rising temperatures could jeopardize some of the world's finest beer and wine. A Czech climatologist says warming has affected the quality of his country's hops, a key ingredient in pilsner beers. New Scientist reports:Nor are beers the only potential victims of climate change, according to a new Greenpeace study; warming is harming France's legendary wine-growing regions:Some French vintners have responded to the climate changes in Burgundy and Bordeaux by looking to new regions not traditionally associated with wine-growing, even considering growing grapes in England.But many of the country's wine-makers don't want to move their vineyards and are hoping for another solution: that world leaders agree to curb climate change by cutting greenhouse emissions.""The jewels of our cultural heritage, French wines, elegant and refined, are today in danger,"" a group of 50 winemakers, sommeliers, and chefs  in an open letter to French President Nicolas Sarkozy in the newspaper Le Monde."
304	3	London, United Kingdom – European Union leaders have failed to strike a deal to commit the bloc to achieving climate neutrality by 2050 at a European Council summit this week.While only eight countries had committed to the target at the previous summit in March, large-scale environmental protests and the huge gains made by green parties at the European elections in May had raised expectations of a breakthrough. Several European leaders had backed the target, but four countries – Poland, the Czech Republic, Estonia and Hungary – blocked the proposal on Thursday amid concerns it would hurt their economies, which are dependent on nuclear power and coal.Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki told reporters in Brussels: “Poland … must first have very detailed compensation packages. We must know how much we can get for modernization.”As unanimity is required among member states to pass the deal, the 2050 goal was not included in the EU’s strategic agenda  for 2019-2024.The target would commit the EU to a net zero carbon footprint by 2050 by reducing emissions from transport, homes, and industrial or other economic activity, or offsetting them with projects aimed at soaking up CO2 or avoiding future emissions.The European Commission presented the plan in late November, writing that it should include “investing into realistic technological solutions, empowering citizens, and aligning action in key areas such as industrial policy, finance, or research – while ensuring social fairness for a just transition.”The plan would make the EU the world’s first major economy to commit to going climate neutral ahead of a key UN conference in New York on September 25.“It is incumbent on the EU ahead of the summit in September to make an agreement on the 2050 target to ensure the EU is showing leadership and the world is on a path to achieving net zero given the scale of the challenges we face on the climate emergency,” Luke Murphy, who heads the Environmental Justice Commission at the Institute for Public Policy Research, told Al Jazeera.“Of course it’s right that there needs to be a focus on the economic and social justice policies that need to be implemented, but that is essentially what should have been agreed at this summit,” Murphy added.Environmental campaigning group Greenpeace EU has called  on European leaders to hold an emergency climate summit before the UN meeting in New York and to recognise the need to step up current targets. The European Council’s conclusions  dropped the 2050 deadline, instead reiterating a commitment to the 2016 Paris Agreement, which aims to limit global warming to well below 2 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels while pursuing efforts to limit the rise to 1.5 degrees. It pledged to issue its guidance by the end of the year for a strategy to be adopted in early 2020 “that will preserve European competitiveness, be just and socially balanced, take account of Member States’ national circumstances and respect their right to decide on their own energy mix.” This will likely coincide with the EU’s long-term budget negotiations.Martin Nesbit, head of the Climate and Environmental Governance Programme at the Institute for European Environmental Policy, argues that there has to be greater conditionality between budget decisions and the willingness of member states to sign up to the 2050 target.“Member states need to move to a slightly firmer position in the negotiations and say that significant elements of cohesion spending in the states that are blocking the 2050 target will be withheld unless they agree to it,” Nesbit told Al Jazeera, arguing that developed economies like the EU would need to make the commitment for developing countries to follow suit.“I’d say China has a more developed policy on greenhouse gas emissions than Poland does. There’s often an exaggeration of the unwillingness of countries like China and India to take action,” he added.A group of European researchers warned this week that global emissions would need to be halved by 2030 to meet the Paris Agreement goal of limiting warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius. According to the Climate Action Tracker (CAT), most governments are not taking enough action with only The Gambia and Morocco being on track to meet that goal.“Emissions keep rising and impacts are being felt all around the world, with developing countries experiencing the brunt of these impacts,” said Bill Hare of Climate Analytics. “Recent examples include devastating floods and loss of life in East Africa caused by Tropical Cyclone Idai and record 50 degree C temperatures in India.” While the leaders of the EU’s 28 member states fell short of agreeing on the proposed target in Brussels, thousands of youth took to the streets for the fifth global climate strike on Friday. Schoolchildren and teenagers have been walking out of school to demand government action to tackle climate change. The first global climate strike on March 15 drew an estimated 1.5 million students to the streets in more than 100 countries. It helped propel the Extinction Rebellion protests, which brought parts of London to a halt and led to the British government declaring a climate emergency. The UK has committed to going climate neutral by 2050.After Europe-wide elections in May, the Greens became the fourth-largest group in the 751-seat European Parliament, due to hold its first plenary session on July 2. Green parties emerged as a leading political force in Germany and nearly doubled their share of the vote in France, the United Kingdom, Finland and Denmark.“The benefits of committing to the target are greater the sooner the decision is made, in economic as well as environmental terms,” Nesbit said.“It is challenging but feasible. The sooner the investor and the private sector have clarity on what the target is, the easier it is to meet that target,” he added, explaining that businesses need to know how carbon restrictions will change in order to invest in the appropriate technology.“There are huge opportunities from the green transition. In terms of green jobs, green manufacturing, being able to export goods in this low-carbon economy,” Murphy said. “Whatever pace we are moving, we are moving towards that.”“It’s not just government and green groups. Businesses were disappointed by the decision as well. Actually, there is huge support in the UK for the net zero target from the business community as there is across the EU because they welcome stability.”
853	4	To the Editor:“Why California? A Recipe for Catastrophic Wildfires” (news article, Aug. 22) knits together current events with authoritative science to help remove any question whether climate change is fueling our wildfire crisis. We must accept this reality and move forward with urgency.For too long, voices on the far left and the far right have impeded progress on actively “pre-storing” our forests for climate change by denying the clear reality that our forests are entering a new normal, and so our actions can no longer be normal either.It is time for consensus to move forward on needed management to make existing forests more climate resilient, and quickly replant forests that have been lost with the right tree species, genetics and planting techniques to survive and thrive in the future.Jad DaleyAlexandria, Va.The writer is president and chief executive of American Forests, a forest conservation nonprofit.To the Editor:Re “Early to Wake, and to Walk” (Science Times, Aug. 18):As a morning person, I would add this to your observations. Morning people wake smiling, as they are happier to wake up; similarly, no problem going to bed early.Night owls hate to get up and resist going to bed. Morning doves wake with a smile, night owls with a frown.Arline MorrisseyMadison, Conn.
840	3	"""The protest is causing major disruption to local businesses. At this time, 13 people have been arrested in connection with the incident, and we anticipate more arrests will be made,"" Hertfordshire police said in a statement.Member of Extinction Rebellion, also known as XR, blocked printworks responsible for printing papers such as News Corp's The Sun and The Times, along with The Daily Mail, published by Associated Newspapers in Broxbourne, greater London and in Liverpool.""The groups are using disruption to expose the failure of these corporations to accurately report on the climate and ecological emergency, and their consistent manipulation of the truth to suit their own personal and political agendas,"" XR said in a statement.XR said its activists targeted the newspapers owned by media mogul Rupert Murdoch because ""the right-wing media is a barrier to the truth, failing to reflect the scale and urgency"" of the climate crisis.""They distract us with hate and maintain their own power and wealth, profiting from our division. We can't move forward until this barrier falls,"" the group added.The Times newspapers said on Twitter: ""We apologize to readers who may be unable to buy their usual newspaper this morning. Overnight printing of The Times was disrupted by Extinction Rebellion alongside other newspapers. We are working to get newspapers delivered to retailers as soon as possible.""Prime Minister Boris Johnson also criticized the protests, writing on Twitter: ""A free press is vital in holding the government and other powerful institutions to account on issues critical for the future of our country, including the fight against climate change.""It is completely unacceptable to seek to limit the public's access to news in this way,"" he said. Murdoch's son, James, this year lashed out against his father's sprawling media empire for how it covers the climate crisis. In comments made to The Daily Beast, a spokesperson for James Murdoch and his wife spoke of the couple's ""frustration"" with News Corp coverage of climate. James Murdoch later broke from the family business in July and said he was exiting the company over ""disagreements over certain editorial content published"" by its news outlets and ""certain other strategic decisions.""Murdoch's News Corp owns a large chunk of Australia's media and has been criticized for coverage that suggested recent wildfires were no worse than they'd been in the past or that they are caused by arsonists, not climate change.The News Corp umbrella includes papers such as The Wall Street Journal and New York Post, a raft of newspapers in the United Kingdom and Australia, and the book publisher HarperCollins."
359	5	"Democratic presidential candidate Jay Inslee on Thursday unveiled a wide-ranging plan he says would combat climate change by shifting the U.S. from dependence on fossil fuels to renewable energy.The Washington State governor claimed his proposal -- called the ""Evergreen Economy Plan"" -- would create eight million jobs over 10 years as it builds a clean energy economy for the country.But it doesn’t come cheap.The price tag for the plan: $9 trillion in public and private money.“I believe America can defeat climate change and build a strong, clean energy economy for working families,” Inslee said in a statement.Spotlighting his efforts in his home state, the governor detailed that “this plan is built on our successes in Washington state, where we have passed strong clean energy laws and we have the fastest-growing economy in the nation. We need to rebuild the middle class with strong union jobs, while making the investments needed to power America’s clean energy transformation. The Evergreen Economy Plan provides a detailed roadmap to a clean energy economy that grows jobs in every community.”The Republican National Committee slammed Inslee in a statement to Fox News.“Not surprising to see yet another liberal Democrat propose a $9 trillion dollar plan that has the federal government calling the shots at the expense of American taxpayers and jobs. Meanwhile, under President Trump, the economy is flourishing because of his pro-growth, free-market approach. The choice for voters in clear,"" said RNC National Press Secretary Blair Ellis.First as a congressman, and now as a two-term governor, Inslee has spent decades as a leading advocate for reducing rising carbon levels in the atmosphere to reduce the effects of climate change.His latest efforts come as many progressive Democrats in Congress – as well as some of his rivals for the 2020 Democratic nomination – have embraced the Green New Deal, the sweeping proposal that aims to transform the country’s economy to fight climate change while enacting a host of new health care and welfare programs.But Inslee, who’s making combating climate change his top issue in his White House bid, is spotlighting his own plan rather than signing onto the Green New Deal.The plan would marshal 28 new or existing programs to shift U.S energy markets from fossil fuel dependence to renewable sources; transform U.S. automobile manufacturing and construction practices; and remake the nation's infrastructure from public transit to municipal water and rural electric cooperatives.Inslee projects about $300 billion in annual government spending over the first decade of the plan, with incentives he says will generate about $600 billion in matching private sector investment on everything from expanding solar energy to rebuilding dilapidating water systems like the Flint, Michigan, infrastructure that has garnered national headlines.Among Inslee's ideas are a ReBuild America program that would help retrofit existing public and private structures to meet new energy standards and a new version of the post-World War II ""G.I. Bill"" targeted to help coal industry workers who lose jobs in a transition to renewable energy. The coal worker aide would include guarantees for health insurance and pension benefits, in addition to funds for career training.Inslee unveiled his plan at an event at Washington D.C.’s wastewater treatment plant, which his campaign noted treats one billion gallons of water each day and uses cutting-edge technology to turn waste into 10 megawatts of electricity.The Associated Press contributed to this report."
84	4	Climate change is causing trees and plants to take root in normally barren areas around the world – including the Arctic Circle, according to a new study.UK scientists found warmer and wetter weather makes more greenery grow on savannas and tundras, which collectively make up 40 per cent of the world's land.Rapid warming in the Arctic tundra – spanning northern Canada, the US, Greenland, northern Europe and Russia – has increased shrub plant cover there by 20 per cent over 50 years, the study found.Shrub and tree cover in savannas – including Africa’s plains, Australia’s outback and dry lands of South America – rose by 30 per cent during the same period, as rainfall increased.Both kinds of ecosystem could be threatened in various ways by the presence of more wooden plants, including wild fires and animal grazing patterns. Woody cover is increasing in the savanna (pictured) in association with wetter weather, with shrubs and trees moving into previously open areas ‘This research indicates the far-reaching effects of climate change across the planet,’ said study leader Mariana García Criado, a PhD researcher at the University of Edinburgh and corresponding author of the study.‘Uncovering the ways in which different landscapes are responding requires collaboration among scientists, and cooperation with local peoples to better understand the changes we’re seeing and their impacts from different perspectives.’Garcia Criado is part of Team Shrub, an organisation made up of ecologists from different institutions that investigate climate change impacts in tundras.Shrubs have been growing taller, faster and expanding into new areas in the tundra as Arctic temperatures have warmed over the last few decade. Team Shrub researchers have been vising a site called Qikiqtaruk-Herschel Island Territorial Park, in the Yukon Territory, Canada every year to capture the effects of climate change on wildlife and observe changes in vegetation. 'Apart from shrubs expanding during this time in the island, we have also seen large parts of frozen permafrost thawing, with the island becoming smaller over time,' García Criado told MailOnline. Shrubs have been growing taller, faster and expanding into new areas in the tundra as Arctic temperatures have warmed over the last few decade. These images compare shrubs at Qikiqtaruk-Herschel Island Territorial Park, in the Yukon Territory, Canada. There has been monitoring at this site for 20 years to capture the effects of climate change on the wildlife of the islandExperts say the dramatic changes to tundra and savanna regions – vast, open areas that contain unique biodiversity – could alter the global carbon balance and climate system.This is because woody plants store carbon, provide fuel for fires and influence how much of the sun’s heat is reflected back into space.Small variations in carbon could impact efforts to keep warming below 3.6ºF (2°C) – a key target of the Paris Agreement.But more woody plants could alter the unique biodiversity of areas home to diverse species including caribou in the tundra and elephants in the savanna, researchers say.  As the tundra warms, habitats for wildlife such as reindeer could be altered and these herbivores could influence changes in shrubsTundras are treeless regions found in the Arctic and on mountain tops where the climate is cold and windy and trees usually struggle to grow.Savanna or tropical grasslands, meanwhile, are hot, dry and scattered with trees and shrubs found in central Africa, northern Australia and South America.The new global study by researchers at the University of Edinburgh is the largest of its kind to date to find out how these areas have changed over time. They compared temperature and rainfall data with more than 1,000 records of plant cover change from almost 900 sites across six continents.The team concluded that woody ‘encroachment’ was widespread geographically and across climate gradients.Elephants that eat grasses and woody plants can influence the changes in woody cover in savannas with climate changeExpanding shrub cover in the Arctic could raise soil temperatures and lead to frozen ground containing nearly half of the world's soil carbon to thaw.They also found that other factors – including wild fires and animal grazing patterns – affect shrub and tree cover.Overall, woody encroachment was positively related to warming in the tundra and increased rainfall in the savanna.‘Our findings highlight the complex nature of climate change impacts in biomes limited by seasonality, which should be accounted for to realistically estimate future responses across open biomes under global change scenarios,’ the researchers write in their study, published in Global Ecology and Biogeography.In the last year, Team Shrub researchers have also used drone and satellite technology to observe how green patches ‘the size of football fields’ cover Arctic regions.Their research paper, published earlier this year in Nature Climate Change, says that Arctic greening and browning trends are ‘more complex, variable and inherently scale-dependent than previously thought'.  The Paris Agreement, which was first signed in 2015, is an international agreement to control and limit climate change.It hopes to hold the increase in the global average temperature to below 2°C (3.6ºF) 'and to pursue efforts to limit the temperature increase to 1.5°C (2.7°F)'.It seems the more ambitious goal of restricting global warming to 1.5°C (2.7°F) may be more important than ever, according to previous research which claims 25 per cent of the world could see a significant increase in drier conditions.In June 2017, President Trump announced his intention for the US, the second largest producer of greenhouse gases in the world, to withdraw from the agreement.  The Paris Agreement on Climate Change has four main goals with regards to reducing emissions:1)  A long-term goal of keeping the increase in global average temperature to well below 2°C above pre-industrial levels2) To aim to limit the increase to 1.5°C, since this would significantly reduce risks and the impacts of climate change3) Goverments agreed on the need for global emissions to peak as soon as possible, recognising that this will take longer for developing countries4) To undertake rapid reductions thereafter in accordance with the best available scienceSource: European Commission
929	3	A new political party has emerged from the rural heartland to rail against our most recent environmental regulations and New Zealand's ban on oil and gas exploration. Mark Ball’s a farmer's farmer, a man well known in Auckland's rural south. The ex-cop and Franklin’s former mayor is loud, brash and charming – it’s easy to see why he’s been chosen as the Port Waikato candidate for The Heartland Party, one of the newest political groups to emerge before the September elections. Their policy platform certainly isn’t for everyone, aimed at rural interests and scaling back what Ball labels overbearing and nonsensical environmental policies. READ MORE: *Why a new rural political party is likely to fail *Climate Change: Everything New Zealand needs to do to get to zero *Emissions trading reform Bill passes, hard work ahead First, there's the Emissions Trading Scheme, which incentivise foreign investors to grow quick, useless greenery for carbon credits, according to Ball, while not producing anything else of value. Then there's the Zero Carbon Bill. Why do we have to be world-leading when we are a “pimple on the world stage” and our other major trading partners aren’t burdened with the same responsibility? Put simply, these regulations are expensive, says Ball, and right now we can't afford it. “If we just adopted all of [The Paris Agreement] we would be shutting up shop with the last one out - shoot themselves.” In fact, he says, we should take another hard look at offshore oil and gas exploration, which was banned in 2018. “We have a pretty good infrastructure for oil and gas at the moment... so we would be willing to look at working with all types of businesses to get us through this time.” They also take issue with the regulations under the governments’ proposed Action for healthy waterways. Just like four out of five kiwis, most farmers also want cleaner lakes and streams, says Ball. But the government should set the environmental targets, not the rules and regulations. Leave that to the regional councils and farmers groups, who know the best way to manage their land. “He's got quite a good point there actually,” says Guy Salmon, an executive director of Ecologic a non-profit foundation that promotes sustainable development. Salmon says The Land and Water Forum, recommended this approach in 2012, which was then trialled in the Waikato with some success. However, delayed negotiations over iwi water rights stalled the policy from going nation-wide. “Good luck to them if they can make it work,” says Salmon. But while Salmon says the Heartland freshwater ideas make some sense, the same can’t be said for their stance on climate change. Our current policies have room for improvement, he says, but if New Zealand seriously scaled back its emission regulations we'd be at risk of violating our international obligations. “In 2015 we signed The Paris Climate Agreement just like every other country.”  And while there’s a price to pay for the country as a whole, our current legislation has been designed to minimise disruption to our most vulnerable industries, otherwise known as EITEs. “Ninety per cent of their emissions are exempt. “This will gradually decline by one per cent each year until the latter half of the century... but they've got a form of protection from competition under the existing law.” And these regulations have led to the growth of new green technologies. In Taranaki for example, a new industry is paving the way for the use of clean hydrogen energy, thanks to the expertise of ex-oil and gas engineers. “So when we have to be careful when we react to recent changes, as [The Heartland Party] appear to be, that we don’t stand in the way of progress.”
282	4	"China, the world's biggest greenhouse gas polluter, has no plans to cut its emissions anytime soon. Under its Paris Agreement pledges, Beijing has promised to hit peak emissions  by 2030. So for the next decade, they're only going to go up.Yet suddenly, this colossal, coal-powered economy has slashed emissions by 25%, according to numbers crunched by Lauri Myllyvirta at the University of Helsinki's Centre for Research on Energy and Clean Air. Not because of the climate crisis, but the COVID-19 public health emergency.""For something like this to happen virtually overnight is very much unprecedented,"" Myllyvirta told DW.Wuhan, the 11 million-strong Hubei province city at the center of the coronavirus outbreak has been on lockdown since late January. With businesses and factories in the province shuttered, and hundreds of millions of people across the country rendered immobile by sweeping travel restrictions, the atmosphere above China in NASA satellite images appears virtually clean of nitrous oxide emissions.Around the world, the aviation industry is predicting significant losses, British airline Flybe has collapsed, sporting events and international conferences have been cancelled, schools closed. Economists are warning of possible recession in Chinese trading partners Germany and Japan, while global growth is predicted to slow and oil demand has fallen faster than at any time since the 2008 financial crash.All this looks like good news for the planet — at least in the short term. ""Suppose you were a policymaker, and you were thinking about what you would do to lower emissions — you just got a pretty good instruction,"" says Amy Jaffe, director of the Council on Foreign Relations' Energy Security and Climate Change program. Read more: EU unveils law committing to climate neutrality by 2050Learning to localizeJaffe says the virus is prompting us to change our habits in ways that could make a longer-term contribution to climate protection — working from home, video conferencing, working shorter weeks or staggering office hours to reduce traffic.Companies might also conclude that what's good for the planet — localized production — is a sensible way to protect their supply chains from all kinds of risk, such as extreme weather events linked to climate change.""They really need to go and think about all these events that could actually disrupt their supply chain and think about what they're going to do to make it more resilient,"" Jaffe told DW.Still, the biggest share of emissions saved in China over recent weeks comes from the slowdown in manufacturing, and that's something few politicians would advocate as official policy beyond an immediate crisis.Smokestack rebound?In China, Myllyvirta says the pressure to resume business as usual is so great there have been reports of local governments ordering workerless factories to run their machines just to use up power, with the expectation that their superiors will be looking at electricity consumption as a sign of recovery.After the 2008 financial crash, ""which also led to a dramatic drop-off in China's emissions and marked improvement in air quality because export industries went into freefall,"" Myllyvirta says the government launched a massive, construction-heavy stimulus program that saw emissions surge.Such stories don't bode well for the climate in a post-crisis scenario when the country is keen to get the economy back up and running.Myllyvirta says state investment in ""smokestack industries"" geared to maintaining the country's growth target could see rebound emissions more than cancel out savings over the last few weeks. He hopes China might instead opt for a path of slower, ""high quality"" growth, based on services, household consumption and investment in green technology and renewables.Others argue that boosting consumption always comes at a cost to the planet, and the global obsession with expanding GDP makes little more sense than running empty production plants just to get the numbers up.A managed contraction""The only time we see emissions significantly reduce is when countries — or the globe — goes into recession,"" says Jon Erickson, an ecological economist at the University of Vermont's Gund Institute who studies emerging infectious disease vectors in relation to climate change.""These moments really point to how intimately greenhouse gas emissions are tied to economic growth,"" Erickson told DW.While recessions are good for the climate, they're terrible for people — particularly those who already benefit least from our fossil-fuel economies. Among the hardest hit by China's coronavirus response are low-waged migrant workers already living precarious lives.Yet advocates of a managed contraction of economic activity to protect the climate say shocks like the current outbreak illustrate the stark choices before us.""We never want to do things in crisis mode,"" Erickson says. Instead, we have a ""five to 10 year window"" to ""completely transform the economy so that the worst side of the contraction can be reduced, so that we can protect those who are most vulnerable.""Read more: Can we consume less without wrecking the economy?If that sounds ridiculously optimistic, recent weeks at least suggest that when a crisis is deemed urgent enough, the world can act big and fast.""If we truly treat climate as an emergency, as we are treating this pandemic as an emergency, we have to have a similar level of international coordination,"" Erickson says, starting with rapid scaling-back of fossil fuel investments.A taste of future crisesTransmitting person-to-person and sending economic tremors across six continents, coronavirus has highlighted how closely interconnected our global community is. The ripple effect through supply chains also reveals our collective responsibility for emissions, as China's factories supply businesses and consumers in the West. Read more: Will COVID-19 exacerbate drugs shortage in Germany?Neglecting that responsibility could mean crashes and crises far more painful than anything we've seen yet.With a global death toll of over 3,000, COVID-19 still appears far less deadly than fossil fuels, which, according to a recent study that Myllyvirta co-authored for Greenpeace, are responsible for 4.5 million air pollution-related deaths each year, aside from climate impacts. But scientists warn that warmer, wetter conditions are increasing the probability of such outbreaks. No one knows how deadly the next one might be.Read more: Climate change has become a health emergency""This is an opportunity to talk about planned economic stabilization, and talk about planned degrowth,"" Erickson says. ""The economy will contract, it will hit limits, it will crash, it will collapse on its own. That's going to hurt the most."""
810	4	"The researchers found that more than half of the decline in the river's flow is connected to increasing temperatures, and as warming continues, they say the risk of ""severe water shortages"" for the millions that rely on it is expected to grow.For each 1.8 degrees Fahrenheit of warming averaged across the river's basin, the study found that its flow has decreased by nearly 10%. Over the course of the 20th and early 21st centuries, the region has already warmed by an average of roughly 1.6 degrees Fahrenheit.The study also examined the impact that action to curb pollution of heat-trapping gases could have on the river's water supply.Some decrease in the flow is likely no matter what actions are taken, but without any cuts to emissions, the report says the river's discharge could shrink by between 19% and 31% by the middle of this century.The study -- conducted by US Geological Survey scientists Chris Milly and Krista A. Dunne and published Thursday in the journal Science -- adds urgency to efforts to protect one of the country's most vital rivers.The Colorado River starts high in the Rocky Mountains of Colorado and Wyoming, before snaking its way across the Southwest on its way to the Gulf of California. But by the time it arrives there, its flow is reduced to a trickle, says Brad Udall, a senior climate scientist at Colorado State University who has studied the Colorado River basin for 30 years.En route, water is diverted to supply major cities like Denver, Los Angeles, Las Vegas and San Diego, as well as farms in the US and Mexico that grow the vegetables that feed millions around the world.All told, Milly and Dunne say the river supports around $1 trillion of economic activity each year.""Without this river, American cities in the Southwest would dry up and blow away,"" Udall said.However, the river's problems start well before it reaches people's faucets.Global warming is taking a severe toll on the snowpack that feeds the river, the scientists found. As temperatures increase, snow cover in the region is declining, meaning less energy from the sun is reflected back into space and more warms the ground as heat.This triggers a vicious cycle that leads to even more evaporation and therefore, less water supply.The river's flow has also been diminished by a severe drought that's spanned much of the last two decades, leaving its two main reservoirs -- Lake Powell and Lake Mead -- barely half full.Access to the Colorado River's water has long been a contentious issue among the seven states that rely on it. Last year, a new deal was reached that will govern the rights to it until 2026, but Udall says negotiations will get under way later this year to determine how to divvy up the water in a drier, more arid future.Udall says these new findings show that the only way to save the river is by addressing the root cause of the problem: climate change.""The science is crystal clear — we must reduce greenhouse gas emissions immediately,"" he says. ""We now have the technologies, the policies and favorable economics to accomplish greenhouse gas reductions. What we lack is the will."" Correction: A previous version of this story incorrectly showed the location of Denver, the map has now been updated."
921	4	"Listen to Climate Change Minister James Shaw's interview with Sean Plunket about teaching climate change in schools.  Credits: Image - Facebook; Video - Magic TalkNational MP Scott Simpson has blasted James Shaw over what he's described as a ""shocker of an interview"" the minister gave about teaching climate change in schools.  Simpson, the National Party's climate change spokesperson, said he had listened to Shaw's interview with Magic Talk's Sean Plunket about a new resource for teaching year 7-10 students about climate change. ""Somebody sent me a link to it several days ago and I've subsequently had an opportunity to hear that shocker of an interview that James Shaw did with you,"" Simpson, MP for Coromandel, told Plunket on Wednesday. ""Of course people are going to be concerned and worried about this and I can understand completely why the phone lines to your show and other media have been running hot.""Climate change should be an issue that is talked about and taught in our schools, but it's a question of how it's done and I think listening to the interview you did with James Shaw, the minister is usually over his brief, but sadly he wasn't that day.""I just think what's happened here is that it's a kneejerk reaction [from Shaw], trying to - in an election year - have some kind of delivery for his Green Party base.""Shaw, co-leader of the Green Party, clashed with Plunket during the interview earlier this week, when the minister was invited to discuss the new teacher resource announced on Sunday. Plunket said he was concerned the syllabus would leave no room for students to question or debate the human impact of climate change, but Shaw said it's all based on science so ""you can dispute that all you like"". Shaw said there had been high demand from teachers wanting resources to teach climate change in schools, so once it was piloted and some changes were made, it ""seemed appropriate to be rolling out"". The pilot was picked up by the Ministry of Education and is supported by organisations including NASA, NIWA, and National Geographic for Kids, among others. The resource cites sources including the Ministry for the Environment, Stats NZ, the Department of Conservation, and the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), the United Nations Environment Program's climate body. Simpson isn't the first to speak out against the new resource. ACT leader David Seymour said he fears it's designed to suppress opposing views on humankind's influence on the climate. Simpson had a similar view, telling Plunket: ""The ability for various views to be expressed around climate change issues seems to be lacking from this resource.""Seymour, MP for Epsom, has criticised aspects of the resource such as an activity called ""myth buster role-play"" where one student will play the role of an 'activist' for climate change and the other a 'sceptic'. ""I just think that sort of exercise, given that it doesn't provide any sort of resource or credence to why people might be sceptical, amounts to state-organised bullying of kids,"" Seymour said. Simpson said after reading the resource, it seemed like ""pieces of information that are picked randomly from a whole range of sources and then put together in a cross-match sort of way"". The resource includes a lesson on Swedish teenage activist Greta Thunberg, dealing with ""scepticism"", understanding feelings about climate change, and advice to eat less meat. ""There are some issues around dietary dogma, for instance, and the call to activism, and issues around how to handle people who have a different point of view - so-called deniers,"" Simpson said. He said National's education spokesperson Nikki Kaye has ""been doing some extensive work in this area"" and will be issuing an official response ""soon"".The resource also includes lessons on understanding the difference between climate and weather, how climate change could affect New Zealand, and New Zealand's current commitments to tackling the issue. Shaw told Newshub a warming planet ""is the reality kids today are facing"" and it's ""only right that they have the opportunity to discuss what this means, talk about solutions, ask questions and find their own answers"". He said leaving behind a world that is ""safe for our kids and grandkids"" will require ""efforts from every one of us to improve the way we farm, design our cities, and produce energy for things like transport and heating our homes""."
152	5	GLASGOW — Speaker Nancy Pelosi and nearly two dozen House Democrats barnstormed global climate talks here on Tuesday, claiming that “America is back” in the effort to slow global warming, even as their party remains divided over a $1.85 trillion budget bill upon which their climate agenda depends.Ms. Pelosi noted that she was accompanied by a record number of lawmakers attending a U.N. climate summit and said they had flown to Glasgow “ready to take on the challenge, to meet the moment.”But they haven’t yet.The stalled legislation includes $555 billion in tax credits and incentives to promote wind and solar power, electric vehicles, climate-friendly agriculture and forestry programs, and a host of other clean-energy programs.Those measures would bring the country about halfway to Mr. Biden’s goal of cutting the country’s greenhouse gas emissions by 50 to 52 percent from 2005 levels by 2030.Ms. Pelosi said it would be “the most ambitious and consequential climate and clean energy investment of all time.”She said House lawmakers intended to pass that bill next week, but a handful of moderate Democrats in the House have raised concerns about its price tag. Meanwhile, the legislation has been held up in the Senate largely because of objections of one Democratic senator, Joe Manchin III of West Virginia. Mr. Manchin’s state is a coal and gas producer, he has personal financial ties to the coal industry and has said he opposes policies that would harm fossil fuels.Ms. Pelosi noted that last week the Congress had approved a $1.2 trillion infrastructure bill that includes billions of dollars to help fortify communities against the impacts of climate disasters. But the money and policies to cut the emissions that are causing global warming are embedded in the legislation that has yet to pass.In a series of meetings and speeches, lawmakers said they felt the weight of expectations from the rest of the world.Of all nations, the United States has pumped the most carbon dioxide, methane and other greenhouse gases into the atmosphere — pollution that is trapping heat and driving up average global temperatures.It has also promised to act on climate change only to fall short several times over the past decades. Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, the New York Democrat who was among the lawmakers traveling with Ms. Pelosi, said countries should hold the U.S. to account for its promise to significantly reduce emissions from the burning of coal, oil and gas.“We have to actually deliver to get the respect internationally,” Ms. Ocasio-Cortez said. “We have to draw down emissions in order to get credit for being committed on climate change.”transcript“Three, two, one.” Reporter: “A message for the young people, ma’am?” “Well, I would say stay in the streets and keep pushing. I think one of the things we want to achieve is ensuring that the United States really re-establishes itself as a leader, and drives down our emissions.” “Thank you so much.” “And to encourage our partners to do the same.”Ms. Ocasio-Cortez, a co-sponsor of the Green New Deal, was surrounded by security as she walked the cavernous tented hallways of the summit, quickly drawing the attention of a crowd of activists who wore masks declaring themselves “climate feminists.”Representative Sean Casten, Democrat of Illinois, said Congress had been making “excuses” for inaction on climate change ever since the Clinton administration accepted the world’s first global climate treaty, the 1997 Kyoto Protocol, only to see the Senate fail to ratify it.“The rest of the world is sitting there and saying, ‘We’ve heard this story before. Your words are beautiful but we’re watching your feet,’” Mr. Casten said, adding, “All of us are going to be furious if the Senate drops the ball,” on the $1.85 trillion package.There is an outsized level of attention in Glasgow to political machinations over the legislation pending in Washington. One activist on Tuesday who followed Ms. Ocasio-Cortez through the halls at the summit, Pamela Elizarraras, 24, from Mexico, said it had been frustrating to watch the climate legislation flounder.“They have so much power,” Ms. Elizarraras said of the United States, adding, “It’s really important for them to really step it up.”An earlier wave of lawmakers traveled to Glasgow last week to make a similar argument that the United States was back in the climate fight, after four years of global disengagement under the Trump administration.That group was heavily Democratic but included a handful of Republican House members and a lone Republican Senator, Lisa Murkowski of Alaska.The Republicans said they may disagree with Mr. Biden’s policies but they were concerned about climate change, even if they did not support a move away from fossil fuels, which scientists say is needed to avert climate catastrophe. “Republicans care deeply about this earth,” Representative John Curtis, Republican of Utah, said.“We may not have learned how to talk about it,” he said, “but I promise you we care and we’re serious about being part of the solution.”Other Republican attendees in Glasgow included Representatives Dan Crenshaw of Texas; Mariannette Miller-Meeks of Iowa; and representatives from conservative groups.Ms. Murkowski, in an interview, said she, like other Republicans, did not intend to vote for the $1.85 trillion bill that contains the president’s climate agenda. But she said she did not object to clean-energy tax credits, calling them a “safe zone” of climate policy.The presence of Republicans was a shift from 12 years ago when Senator James Inhofe, Republican of Oklahoma, traveled solo to a U.N. climate conference in Copenhagen to object to climate science and declare “there’s not a chance in the world” America will pass legislation to tackle global warming.Senator Brian Schatz, Democrat of Hawaii, said at the summit he has been encouraged by the number of Republican lawmakers who are willing to discuss serious climate policy. The bottom line, though, is that United States needs to reduce the use of fossil fuels, he said.“If you don’t agree on that, then you’re playing word games,” Mr. Schatz said.President Biden has made climate action central to his presidency. If the pending legislation passes, analysts say, it will get the United States about halfway to the president’s targets. The rest will depend on a combination of things that are outside of Mr. Biden’s control, like the markets and regulations that could be overturned by the courts or reversed by a future administrationMichael S. Regan, the administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, said in an interview Tuesday that he would begin to announce before the end of the year a“suite” of new policies to draw down emissions from electric utilities. After transportation, the power sector is the second-largest source of emissions in the United States.The Supreme Court is poised to weigh whether the E.P.A. has the authority to regulate the emissions of greenhouse gases. The decision from the conservative-leaning court could deliver a blow to the agency’s ability to tackle climate change. Mr. Regan said he was not planning to wait for a ruling before issuing new power plant regulations.“We have pens to paper right now,” he said.Ms. Ocasio-Cortez said the United States and other developed nations must take even greater action on global warming.“We’re here to push,” Ms. Ocasio-Cortez said. “It’s time for us to re-examine our first-world and global governments, to re-examine their priorities about what is possible, and really try to push them on the boundaries of that.”She credited activists with pressuring the Biden administration to be more ambitious on climate change and talked about her own role protesting the development of gas pipelines in places like Standing Rock Sioux Reservation in South Dakota.Tuesday was “gender day” at the summit, and Ms. Pelosi noted that women faced particular dangers in a warming world. Climate change “is the existential threat of our time,” she said. “It’s a threat multiplier that amplifies and accelerates existing inequities. Eighty percent of people displaced by climate change globally are women.”Outside the climate summit the streets of Glasgow have been filled with protesters, many of them young women. Ms. Ocasio-Cortez said she hoped to spend some time with the activists while in Glasgow and thinks their presence has kept the pressure on the decision makers.And she had a message for them: “Stay in the streets, and keep pushing,” she said with a wink.
159	3	"New Zealand King Salmon had one in five of its salmon die last summer. Credits: NewshubAquaculture companies are grappling with higher rates of fish dying because of warmer waters.New Zealand King Salmon had one in five of its salmon die last summer, prompting an increased focus on how to future-proof its business.Salmon swim in aerated water to keep conditions cool, and are fed a nutritious diet to combat conditions, chief executive Grant Rosewarne said.""If we do that, it lowers stress and they can cope with the higher temperatures better,"" he said.Last summer's mortality rate was more than double the year before, at 8 percent.""In the wild maybe only 3 [percent] would actually survive,"" Mr Rosewarne said.""We're trying to turn that around and in a good year 95 percent will survive, and in a bad year, 80 percent.""According to NIWA, high pressure over the Tasman Sea last summer prevented the mixing of cool deeper ocean water with surface water, meaning the ocean water was abnormally warm.NZ King Salmon are taking the lead of companies in other countries like Norway and looking to farm in the open ocean.""The water is deeper, it's colder, the currents are flowing faster so they are better conditions,"" Mr Rosewarne said.It would take at least 10 years for that to happen, he said.In the short term the company are adapting to changes at its hatchery.""We've always bred our fish to be what chefs' want - what they want to eat and what they want to serve their customers,"" Mr Rosewarne said.""Now because of climate change we're altering that, saying we need to have more temperature-resistant fish.""Mr Rosewarne hoped the changes will tide them over with fewer salmon casualties this summer."
965	4	"Tackling climate change must be woven into the solution to the Covid-19 economic crisis, the UK will tell governments next week.Environment ministers from 30 countries are meeting in a two-day online conference in a bid to make progress on cutting greenhouse gas emissions. The gathering is called the ""Petersberg Climate Dialogue"".It will focus on how to organise a ""green"" economic recovery after the acute phase of the pandemic is over.The other aim is to forge international agreement on ambitious carbon cuts despite the postponement of the key conference COP26 - previously scheduled for Glasgow in November (now without a date). Alok Sharma, the UK Climate Secretary and president of COP26, said: ""I am committed to increasing global climate ambition so that we deliver on the Paris Agreement (to stabilise temperature rise well below 2C). ""The world must work together, as it has to deal with the coronavirus pandemic, to support a green and resilient recovery, which leaves no one behind. ""At the Petersberg Climate Dialogue, we will come together to discuss how we can turn ambition into real action.""The informal conference is co-hosted by the UK and Germany. Developed and developing countries will attend, along with the UN Secretary General, Antonio Guterres, and members of civil society and business.  Last week, Mr Guterres warned that climate change was a deeper problem than the virus.Campaign groups will be sceptical about the meeting. Since the Paris deal to cut emissions, CO2 has actually been rising - although there's currently a blip in the trend thanks to the Covid recession.The development charity CARE says it's alarmed that public finance provided from rich countries to developing countries to adapt to inevitable climate change actually decreased in 2018. Sven Harmeling from CARE said: ""If governments fail to make their economic stimulus sustainable and equitable, they will drive our planet much deeper into the existential economic, social and ecological turmoil caused by the climate crisis.""The EU is already set on delivering a green stimulus. The Commission's Green Deal chief, Frans Timmermans, said every euro spent on economic recovery measures after the COVID-19 crisis would be linked to the green and digital transitions.""The European Green Deal is a growth strategy and a winning strategy,"" he tweeted.""It's not a luxury we drop when we hit another crisis. It is essential for Europe's future.Meanwhile, China appears set on its current carbon-intensive development path, and President Trump says the US will rescue struggling fossil fuel firms.Even in Europe there's a degree of push-back against the idea of a green stimulus .Markus Pieper, an MEP from the centre-right German CDU party, told the magazine FOCUS that the EU's sweeping plan for investment in clean technologies would no longer be possible. He said: ""The Green Deal was a gigantic challenge for an economy in top shape. After the corona bloodletting, it is simply not financially viable.""But the UK climate economist Lord Stern told BBC News: ""The immediate priority is the current Covid crisis â but then we have to build for the future.""Timmermans is right and Trump is wrong. We should only be bailing out firms that are going to contribute to tackling climate change.""They donât have be be ostensibly clean tech firms at the moment â but they do have to be committed to cutting their emissions in line with international targets.""The high-level segment on 28 April can be followed live from around 3:10 pm here."
385	1	"Doug McKelway reports from Washington, D.C.A peer-reviewed climate change study released Wednesday by the Nongovernmental International Panel on Climate Change finds the threat of man-made global warming to be not only greatly exaggerated but so small as to be “embedded within the background variability of the natural climate system” and not dangerous.Armed with the new findings, Republicans on the House Energy and Commerce Committee grilled administration environmental policy officials about the economic consequences of its aggressive regulatory crackdown on the fossil fuel industry.The 1,000 page study was the work of 47 scientists and scholars examining many of the same journals and studies that the United Nations International Panel on Climate Change (UNIPCC) examined, producing entirely different conclusions.""This volume provides the scientific balance that is missing from the overly alarmist reports from the IPCC, which are highly selective in their review of climate science,"" the authors write.The study was done under the auspices of the Heartland Institute, which claims it ""has no formal attachment to or sponsorship from any government or governmental agency.""The Heartland Institute’s president, Joseph Bast, said of the study, ""The big issue in the global warming debate is how large is the human impact on climate. And this report shows that it is very small, that natural variability, the variability that's caused by natural cycles of the sun and other factors, way outweigh anything the human impact could have.""The report comes in advance of the expected release later this month of a new U.N. report on climate change. Leaked drafts of that report show surface temperature increases have been statistically insignificant for the last 15 years, and that Antarctic sea ice is increasing, not decreasing.In addition, new satellite measurements of Arctic sea ice show it has increased this year.At the House Energy and Commerce Committee hearing Wednesday, Republicans particularly wanted to know what President Obama planned to do to address those fossil fuel workers who've lost their jobs as a result of administration policy.In a major address at Georgetown University last June, Obama promised there would be a special plan for those workers.""So I would ask either one of you what are the special plans in the president's action plan to help address these people who are losing their jobs, "" Rep. Ed Whitfield (R-Ky.) asked EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy and Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz.""I'm not familiar with the details of those plans, but I am familiar from reading the climate action plan that the president sees this as both a challenge and an economic opportunity,"" McCarthy replied.That exchange led to a testy retort by Ralph Hall (R-Tex.). ""You got a better answer than I received from Mrs. McCarthy about a year ago before the science committee,"" Hall told McCarthy. ""I may have asked you a question you didn't like and your answer was, ‘I'm not in the business of creating jobs.’”Committee Democrats, along with McCarthy and Moniz, set out to counter Republican skepticism about the impact of climate change.""The evidence is overwhelming and the science is clear,"" said Moniz. ""The threat from climate change is real and urgent. The basic science behind climate change is simple. Carbon dioxide makes the earth warmer, and we are admitting more and more of it into the atmosphere.""Moniz added that any stabilization of surface temperatures in recent years was an indication of a ""hiatus"" of global warming, not an end to global warming.Told of Moniz's remarks, astrophysicist  Willy Soon, one of the NIPCC's leading scientists, reacted incredulously. ""So tell us when is it going to rise again?” he asked. “This is a question that not only me, as a scientist, is asking , but all the lay persons should begin asking.""The Heartland Institute's Bast told Fox News that there are no climate models used by proponents of global warming that predict a lull in warming.""Point to the model that predicted this hiatus,"" he said. ""No increase in violent weather , no increase in hurricanes. All of this and we're still supposed to believe the models... models they picked because they supported their political interests, not because they represented good science."""
81	3	"More than half the region's population is prepared to pay more rates if it helps in the fight against climate change. Photo /NZMEMore than half the region's population is prepared to pay more in rates to minimise the impact of climate change, a new survey has revealed.The Climate Crisis Survey 2020, commissioned by the Hawke's Bay Regional Council, found that climate change and its negative impacts, particularly drought, are of major concern to the region's community.A total of 55 per cent of those surveyed were prepared to pay more in rates to minimise the impacts of climate change. Most supported reducing carbon and erosion through tree planting.HBRC chief executive James Palmer said thecouncil was looking to plant more trees.""It was interesting to see that people were more willing to pay for tree planting and flood protection than protecting coastal communities,"" he said.""We're already doing a huge amount of work – from our scientists assessing climate impacts, to our advisers working with farmers to plant more trees, to our educators teaching sustainability in schools.""About 90 per cent of locals believe climate change is already occurring, and  two-thirds want HBRC to do more to look after the environment and reduce the impact of climate change.""Our local people care about our environment, they want action, and we need to mobilise together and tackle this head-on,"" Palmer added.Only 12 per cent of residents regularly use public transport and67 per cent said they were unlikely to use public transport to reduce car use in the next 12 months.Palmer said HBRC is focused on getting more people on the goBay bus service, as well as supporting recreational and commuter cycling on the 200km Hawke's Bay Trails.""Some survey respondents told us that cost and lack of alternatives can be barriers to taking action,"" he said. ""So we see our role as educating and enabling the community to take action and work together.""But people are taking action to reduce their impact on the environment because they are concerned about future generations.""HBRC chairman Rex Graham said ""positive and brave conversations"" must be had with the community about how to work towards a common goal.""To achieve transformational change for the entire region, that will deliver as much carbon reduction as economically and practically possible – will take every single one of us on the waka,"" he said.Graham said the survey insights are valuable as HBRC prepares to consult with the community about the Long Term Plan, which sets the direction for the next 10 years.""We need to do much more as a region to achieve the transformational change required to reduce our environmental footprint and live more sustainably. We want to lead this conversation and build the partnerships required to make this happen.""Gisborne-based new Green Party list MP Elizabeth Kerekere, who stood for election in the Ikaroa Rawhiti Maori electorate, which incorporates Hawke's Bay, said she's ""proud"" to know more than half the region's ratepayers would be prepared to pay more on their rates to protect the environment.""It reflects the people of Hawke's Bay appreciate that climate change is real,"" she said. ""I'm proud that people in my rohe are prepared to put their money where their mouth is.""She said the party had a lot of policies to support local government in its efforts to deal with climate change.Federated Farmers Hawke's Bay president Jim Galloway said if increased rates were on a property-value basis it could be ""pretty bad"" for those who had already endured sharply increased rates in recent years, but farmer support would depend on what steps were being taken.""For example, if it were water storage, they would definitely be prepared to,"" he said."
188	2	"Actor scoops up land in BelizeThe annual World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, which wrapped up last week, gathered business leaders and political elites to discuss, among other things, the impact of climate change and what could possibly be done about it. The three-day event saw appearances from high-profile climate activists, including 17-year-old Greta Thunberg, who gave a speech in which she scolded world leaders from not doing enough to tackle the problem.       FILE: Britain's Prince Charles meets climate activist Greta Thunberg after he delivered a speech at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland.       (World Economic Forum via AP)After the speech, Thunberg was photographed with the U.K.’s Prince Charles, a longtime climate activist who launched an initiative to encourage “rapid decarbonization.” Yet his travel habits appear to be at odds with his purported goal of reducing carbon emissions. According to the British tabloid the Daily Express, the 71-year-old chartered multiple private flights this month for business, yet half of them had no passengers on board. The trips reportedly covered nearly 8,000 miles and emitted 75 tons of carbon. But Charles is not the only one with ostensibly hypocritical practices on climate change. Here are four other climate activist celebrities who have not practiced what they preach: Thom Yorke, the frontman behind the English rock band Radiohead, is known for his involvement in environmental causes. But his job, which involves touring by plane, seems to fly in the face of saving the planet.In an interview with BBC in September 2019, the 51-year-old musician appeared to concede as such.""The thing I've always struggled somewhat with is that if I'm campaigning on climate change, I'm someone who has to fly for my work, so, boom, I'm a hypocrite,"" he said. ""I totally agree I'm a hypocrite, but I'm trying to do something about it, and yes, you're right, I'm a hypocrite.""Leonardo DiCaprio is a well-known champion of the environment, having founded an organization dedicated to raising awareness of climate change. But the 45-year-old actor has also repeatedly drawn criticism for his use of a private jet to attend events.Following an appearance at Global Citizen in New York in 2019, DiCaprio was widely mocked for his use of yachts and private planes.""I would love to hear what he is saying but his enormous carbon footprint is blocking the speakers,"" wrote one Twitter user in response to a Hollywood Reporter article.Another user posted a picture of DiCaprio lounging on a yacht and wrote: ""The sacrifices he makes for his beliefs!""The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been slammed for their extensive use of private jets, despite their professed commitments to fighting global climate change.The couple sparked outrage last summer after outlets reported that they had flown four private jets in just 11 days. It was later revealed that Elton John had paid for one of their flights to reserve their safety and privacy.      Britain's Prince Harry attends the UK Africa Investment Summit in London, Monday Jan. 20, 2020.       (Stefan Rousseau/Pool via AP)Amid negative publicity, Harry conceded that ""no one is perfect"" but ""we all have a responsibility for our own individual impact.""""I spend 99 percent of my life traveling the world by commercial [flights],"" the 34-year-old said during a speech in Amsterdam while promoting a new travel sustainability initiative. ""Occasionally there needs to be an opportunity based on a unique circumstance to ensure that my family [is] safe.""Arnold Schwarzenegger, the 72-year-old actor and once-governor of California, has turned to climate change activism in recent years. He has also been outspoken in his criticism of President Trump, whom he slammed for being ""wrong"" on his views of climate change.But in November 2019, Schwarzenegger was spotted in Santa Monica driving a Pinzgauer, a six-wheel military utility vehicle that gets 12 to 14 miles per gallon, though the actor later said he had modified it.Page Six reported at the time that the vehicle ranges from $18,000 to a whopping $70,000."
676	4	During his first moments in the Oval Office on Wednesday, President Biden returned the United States to the Paris climate accord and directed federal agencies to begin unraveling Donald Trump’s environmental policies — the first step in what Biden has vowed will be a sustained effort to safeguard the nation’s air and water, protect endangered species and combat climate change at home and abroad.Biden’s executive order recommitting the United States to the international struggle to slow global warming fulfilled a campaign promise and represented a stark repudiation of the “America First” approach of Trump, who officially withdrew the nation from the Paris agreement Nov. 4 after years of disparaging it.Biden also ordered federal agencies to review scores of climate and environmental policies enacted during the Trump years and, if possible, to quickly reverse them. Nearly half of the regulations the new administration is targeting come from the Environmental Protection Agency, on issues as varied as drinking water, dangerous chemicals and gas-mileage standards.“A cry for survival comes from the planet itself. A cry that can’t be any more desperate or any more clear,” Biden, who has listed tackling climate change as one of his core priorities, said in his inaugural address Wednesday. Listing the challenges the nation faces, he pointed to “the battle to save our planet by getting the climate under control.”Biden’s new national climate adviser, Gina McCarthy, told reporters this week that the moves will “begin undoing some of the harmful actions that happened in the previous administration’s watch, so that we can move forward in combating the climate crisis.”McCarthy said Biden would sign “a broad executive order that takes steps that are imperative to address our climate crisis, and will also create good union jobs and advance environmental justice while reversing more than 100 of the previous administration’s harmful policies.”Biden is expected to take even more sweeping action next Wednesday, according to a document obtained by The Washington Post. He plans to sign an executive order elevating climate in domestic and national security policy; direct “science and evidence based decision-making” in federal agencies; reestablish the Presidential Council of Advisers on Science and Technology and announce that U.S. data that will help underpin the Climate Leadership Summit that Biden will host in Washington in late April.Though incoming presidents often sign executive orders on their first day, the chasm between Biden’s agenda and Trump’s legacy is one of the widest in recent decades. Nowhere is that contrast more pronounced than on climate change — which Trump largely dismissed altogether — and the environment, where Trump and his deputies scaled back a range of protections to benefit the fossil fuel industry.Biden comes to office with a sense of urgency about climate change that is unmatched by any previous occupant of the White House, and he is installing throughout the government people who share his views. The regulations he is instructing agencies to review include a recent Labor Department rule preventing environmentally sustainable mutual funds from being default retirement investments and a Transportation Department regulation making it easier to transport liquefied natural gas by rail.“At this moment of profound crisis, we have the opportunity to build a more resilient, sustainable economy, one that will put the United States on an irreversible path to achieve net-zero emissions economywide no later than 2050,” McCarthy said.That pledge came as welcome news to many in the international community, which has forged ahead with efforts to combat climate change in recent years without cooperation from the world’s second-largest emitter of greenhouse gases.“The United States is such an important actor internationally. So this day today has been creating a lot of expectation everywhere,” Patricia Espinosa, executive secretary of the U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change, said in an interview. “Very few generations have the opportunity to really influence a historical change in the way that humanity evolves. This is one of those moments. So it means a lot to have the U.S. back.”Though many of Biden’s actions Wednesday will take effect over time — the country will again formally become a party to the Paris agreement 30 days from now — his most immediate action will be to rescind the presidential permit Trump granted the Keystone XL pipeline to transport crude oil from Canada across the border into the United States. The project became a flash point for climate activists during the Obama administration, and Biden pledged during the campaign to block it.Industry executives made it clear Wednesday that they were prepared to work with Biden but warned him against pushing to abolish fossil fuels.The American Petroleum Institute’s chief executive, Mike Sommers, said in a statement that though his members “support the ambitions of the Paris Agreement,” the new administration should keep in mind “models show that this agreement between nations cannot be achieved without access to natural gas.”And he took issue with Biden’s decision on the Keystone pipeline permit, saying, “Revoking the Keystone XL pipeline is a significant step backwards both for environmental progress and our economic recovery.”Sen. Shelley Moore Capito (R-W.Va.), a senior member of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee, foreshadowed the opposition Biden’s agenda could face in Congress. “In these next four years, it is imperative that Congress aggressively exercises oversight and pushes back on the worst impulses of Washington bureaucrats,” she said.Conservationists, by contrast, lauded the quick push to roll back so many of Trump’s policies.“Today we are feeling the first rays of hope after four dark years where racial violence and injustice, destruction of our environment and disdain for climate science became standard operating procedure for a government that was supposed to represent us all,” said Jamie Williams, president of the Wilderness Society.Dozens of steps that Biden began during his first hours in office will take months, if not longer, to complete.He is instructing the EPA and the Transportation Department to strengthen fuel-efficiency standards for cars and light trucks, which Trump weakened. He asked two other departments, Interior and Commerce, to review the boundaries and protections Trump had scaled back for national monuments in Utah and off the coast of New England.Biden can change the boundaries of a national monument with the stroke of a pen, and though U.S. automakers probably are willing to strike a deal with the new administration on more-ambitious gas-mileage standards for the nation’s cars and pickup trucks, reversing other Trump policies will be more challenging.Biden plans to impose a temporary moratorium on all oil and natural gas leasing activities in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, which is home to caribou, polar bears and Indigenous people. But on Tuesday, Interior’s Bureau of Land Management signed and issued nine leases it auctioned off earlier this month, spanning 437,804 acres on the refuge’s coastal plain.All but two of the new leases were won by the Alaska Industrial Development and Export Authority, an arm of the Alaska state government. The sale raised a total of roughly $14 million, less than 2 percent of what congressional Republicans projected when they opened the near-pristine reserve to drilling in 2017.BLM Alaska State Director Chad Padgett said Tuesday that the leases “reflect a solid commitment by both the state and industry to pursue responsible oil and gas development on the Alaska’s North Slope.”In some instances, Biden is already setting the stage for changes that will reverberate throughout the federal government. For instance, he will revive an interagency working group Trump disbanded in 2017 that sets the “social cost of carbon,” an estimation of the economic damage caused by the release of a ton of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere.Policymakers factor this figure into the cost-and-benefit calculations they make on a host of issues, including permitting new oil wells and imposing stricter pollution controls on coal- and gas-fired power plants. Under the Obama administration’s formula, the price per ton would now stand at $52, but Trump officials reduced it to between $1 and $7 per ton.Many economists suggest that the Biden administration start at $125 per ton to better reflect new research on the economic damage of climate change and market realities.“It is the one way you can uniformly incorporate the cost of climate change into decisions across all of government,” Kevin Rennert, who directs the Social Cost of Carbon Initiative at the environmental think tank Resources for the Future, said in an interview.Biden’s environmental push on Day 1 far surpassed that of any other president, but only time will show how much of his agenda he can actually finish — and how successfully he can rebuild the nation’s image around the world, particularly when it comes to leading on climate action.“Rejoining the Paris agreement is only the beginning, and the incoming administration appears to know this. In order to make truly meaningful progress towards global cooperation on climate, the Biden administration must follow up with concrete actions,” Brandon Wu, director of policy and campaigns at ActionAid USA, said in an email. “There’s simply no reason for other countries to trust our word if we fail, again, to act on our own emissions and use the significant resources at our disposal to support the world’s most vulnerable countries.”
643	2	Nationals Senator Matt Canavan says “the issues of climate change and bushfire risk are very complex” and the argument suggesting there is a link between these two issues has not been backed by scientific bodies such as the CSIRO. Mr Canavan said when he asked the CSIRO if there was a direct link between climate change and bushfires, they were forced to admit after some stalling that “they have never been able to identify such a link”. Speaking to the Bushfires Royal Commission, the Director of Emergency Management Australia Robert Cameron said, “if you take the impact of the changing climate into account we’re going to have, again regrettably, more disaster impacts which will stretch our capacity”. “I get very frustrated here that people seem to rest back on the headlines and the emotive reporting and not the actual science,” Mr Canavan told Sky News host Paul Murray.The job of EMA and others involved in responding to bushfires is simply to “try and reduce the fuel load as much as possible”.“If there is a higher risk of bushfires from climate change, then we should be doing more fuel reduction and not less”.Image: Getty
745	4	"By 2100, visitors walking the grounds of California’s Joshua Tree National Park may view exhibits showing what will have been lost — the spiky yucca palms that inspired the park’s name, dwindled to a few rare husks.Climate change could kill most of the park’s iconic trees, wildfires may transform the towering conifer forests at Yellowstone National Park into scarred grasslands, and once-mighty ice sheets in the north will probably melt and flow into the sea, making Glacier National Park both an obsolete name and a hard lesson about environmental degradation.A new study published Monday has warned that climate change has adversely and uniquely affected many of the 417 national parks spread across the United States and its territories, according to scientists from the University of California at Berkeley and University of Wisconsin.“Human-caused climate change exposes the U.S. national parks to severely hotter and drier conditions than the U.S. as a whole,” Patrick Gonzalez, a climate scientist at Berkeley and a lead author of the study, told The Washington Post on Tuesday.The consequences are alarming, the study suggests. Some of the most sacred and ecologically sensitive areas in the country, from the Grand Canyon to Yosemite and Denali, may decay into ghosts of their former mighty selves and be unrecognizable to future generations expecting to inherit a planet hotter than they received.Researchers looked at data between 1895 and 2010 and concluded temperatures in national parks increased twice as much compared with other parts of the country, while precipitation fell dramatically at those parks.That is because parks are often in places sensitive to shifts in climate. Many parks are at high elevation, where the Earth warms quickly due to a thinner atmosphere, researchers said. Alaska is severely affected because melting snow uncovers darker surfaces that absorb heat.Alaska is also where 63 percent of all national park area is located, the study says.In the Southwest, rising temperatures coupled with droughts have ravaged the region, where many other parks are found.It is vital to defend national parks, which make up 4 percent of U.S. land, researchers said, because the protective measures mean national parks are becoming even more important sanctuaries for plants and animals. And the parks hold vast amounts of watersheds to replenish drinking water, along with trees to soak up carbon.Two centuries of burning fossil fuels have produced twice as much carbon that can be absorbed by forests and oceans, and excess carbon in the atmosphere has reflected sunlight back to the Earth, Gonzalez said. It is a natural process, but human activity has helped add carbon dioxide to the atmosphere at levels not seen for 800,000 years, he said.Reducing greenhouse gas emissions is the best way to reduce climate impact at the parks, the researchers said.The National Park Service said it relies on studies, such as the newest one, to inform policy, in which climate change is one factor among others in its decision-making.""It is our job to understand and know how to manage effects from a changing climate so that we may protect park resources, just as we manage the impacts of invasive species or erosion or wildfire,” said Jeremy Barnum, an agency spokesman, in a statement Tuesday.The agency said the study describes natural events that take place “outside the climate change conversation,” such as wildfires caused by humans.But the effects of climate change on national parks are clear and documented, the researchers said.Jack Williams, a climate researcher at the University of Wisconsin, told The Post Glacier National Park in Montana, which draws admirers for its snowy peaks and mirror-like lakes, may lose its namesake because of rising temperatures and glaciers already in retreat.“It’s very likely under the highest rates [of warming] that the glaciers would melt,” he said.Further north, in Alaska’s Glacier Bay, the once enormous Muir Glacier has melted hundreds of meters from the 1950s to 2010.At Yellowstone, drought and wildfires have thinned towering forests, and scientific projections point to fires that burn more frequently. It could turn the region into rolling grasslands, Williams said.Wildfires are naturally occurring and typically ideal for forests to clear underbrush, researchers said, but arid conditions and federal policies to stamp out fires has translated to drier and denser kindling that make fires more intense.Gonzalez, who is also the principal climate scientist for the National Park Service but spoke about his research in his capacity at Berkeley, said Yellowstone faces another threat connected to human activity.The winter cold used to kill bark beetles. But warmer seasons have extended the life of these insects, which can feast on trees longer and in greater numbers. The transforming ecosystem there may also force the iconic bison and other animals away from familiar grounds, researchers said.The researchers pointed to some solutions already underway.Gonzalez said the agency has made efforts to identify particularly vulnerable areas in parks, along with a focus to protect areas where life may be able to take shelter and thrive in good local conditions. The parks have also focused on reducing emissions, he said.Some parks have been proactive, Williams said. In Maine’s Acadia National Park, for instance, biologists have introduced limited numbers of trees from further south that may be better suited to a climate that will probably grow warmer in coming decades.At Assateague Island National Seashore in Maryland and Virginia, a new visitor’s center was built onshore out of concerns about storms, erosion and rising sea levels, the agency said.Williams said the parks will almost certainly be different in a century than they are today, but how different will depend on decisions to either reduce emissions or allow them to escalate.But the parks will exist, in some form.“Glacier National Park may be without glaciers,” he said, “but it will still be a beautiful park.”Read more:Dam breach sends toxic coal ash flowing into a major North Carolina riverHurricane Florence, ‘just a Cat 1,’ reveals flaw with Saffir-Simpson scale"
770	4	"But even before the report was made public, Americans were extremely worried about climate change.Almost two-thirds (64%) of voters said the US needs to be doing more to address climate change, according to a poll by Quinnipiac University in August, up from 57% who said the same in December 2015. This opinion is divided by party lines: 91% of Democrats said more should be done, and 67% of independents agreed. Fewer Republicans (one third) said more should be done about climate change, and another third of Republicans thought that the US is doing enough to address climate change. In the December 2015 Quinnipiac poll, 83% of Democrats thought the US should be doing more, compared to 62% of independents and 26% of Republicans. The Trump administration chose to speed up release of the new report, which is required by law, putting it out on Black Friday instead of in December. It also came two days after Trump issued another tweet transmitting his skepticism of the existence of Climate change.""Brutal and Extended Cold Blast could shatter ALL RECORDS - Whatever happened to Global Warming?"" he said Wednesday on Twitter.An earlier portion of the climate change report was released in November 2017 and found ""no convincing alternative explanation"" for the changing climate other than ""human activities, especially emissions of greenhouse gases.""A CBS news poll from April of this year found a majority of Americans (54%) thought climate change was caused by mostly human activity (such as burning fossil fuels) rather than the quarter who said it's caused by mostly natural patterns. The number who said it's impacted more by human activity is up from only 46% who said so in February 2014. Trump has stood by his years-old claim that climate change is a hoax and  emphasized that belief with his statements about the California wildfires, which he said were a result of poor forest management, drawing criticism from firefighters, climate scientists and many others. The government report, which is called the National Climate Assessment, addressed wildfires, reporting that one impact of climate change will be longer and more destructive wildfires, that could burn up to six times more forest annually by 2050 in parts of the US. California's wildfires are the worst in the state's history. Over half (53%) of voters in the August Quinnipiac poll said climate change is a factor in making fires more extreme. At that point, the fires in California were only beginning, and some are still burning in November, so it's unclear whether that number has changed since August. Eight-in-10 Democrats, 54% of independents, and 22% of Republicans thought in August that climate change has an impact the fires. Another impact of climate change will be on the health of Americans, whether because of extreme heat and higher temperatures, diseases (like Zika) that come from mosquitoes and ticks, more food and waterborne diseases, or higher risk of asthma and allergies. Concern about climate change and global warming has gone up in the last few years -- from 33% who said they worry a great deal about it in March 2013 to 43% who say the same now, according to Gallup. Around the same number (45%) said they think global warming will pose a serious threat to them or their way of life in their lifetimes in the March poll. That's up from 2010, when Gallup first asked it and only a third of Americans thought global warming would impact them. Democrats are much more likely to think they'll be impacted (67%) than independents (45%) or Republicans (18%), but whether that's because more Democrats live in coastal regions or due to just plain partisanship, it's hard to tell. In a statement by White House deputy press secretary Lindsey Walters, the Trump administration downplayed the report, saying it ""is largely based on the most extreme scenario, which contradicts long-established trends by assuming that despite strong economic growth that would increase greenhouse gas emissions, there would be limited technology and innovation, and a rapidly expanding population."" "
786	3	One of my favorite places in the world is Pukaskwa, a national park along the north shore of Lake Superior. My partner and I discovered it while driving across Canada years ago and have made the 12-hour drive from our home in Toronto to visit it several times since. The shoreline is rugged, the hikes are quiet, and the air smells like pine and cedar. The first thing I always notice when we emerge stiff and tired from the car when we arrive is how fresh the air is.We returned again this summer with a friend, eager to share this beautiful landscape, but things were different. Skies were hazy, the air was thick, sunrises and sunsets were ominous. Raging forest fires across northern Ontario threatened the park and countless other natural wonders in the region. I reluctantly skipped our traditional full-day hike along the Coastal Hiking Trail to protect my lungs. We enjoyed fewer sunsets from our favorite spot, North Beach, because of the haze. I fear this will become the norm for the region as increasingly drier summers make forest fires more common.Have you witnessed the transformative effects of climate change on one of your favorite places? We’d like to hear from readers all over the world — tell us about a place that’s dear to you and how it’s changing. We may include your submission in a coming project.The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.
437	5	"The largest Arctic science expedition ever conceived is under way. The German Research Vessel Polarstern left port late on Friday for the far north where it intends to lock itself in the sea-ice and drift for an entire year. Hundreds of scientists will visit the ship in that time to use it as a base from which to study the climate.A large crowd gathered at the quayside in TromsÃ¸, Norway, to see the vessel off. It is being accompanied on the first stage of its mission by the Russian icebreaker, the Akademik Federov.The pair will head to the Siberian sector of the Arctic ocean to find the most suitable place in the floes for the Polarstern to begin its drift.The MOSAiC (Multidisciplinary drifting Observatory for the Study of Arctic Climate) project is expected to cost about â¬130m (Â£120m/$150m).Its scale means it must be an international effort. RV Polarstern will also be supported by icebreakers from Sweden and China.In deep winter, when these vessels can't pierce the ice to reach the German ship, aeroplanes and long-range helicopters will deliver the supplies and relief teams.MOSAiC's objective is to study all aspects of the climate system in the Arctic. Instrument stations will be set up on the ice around the Polarstern, some of them up to 50km away.The ice, the ocean, the atmosphere, even the wildlife - all will be sampled. The year-long investigations are designed to give more certainty to the projections of future change.Prof Markus Rex from Germany's Alfred Wegener Institute in Potsdam is the expedition leader. He said the Arctic was currently warming at twice the rate of the rest of the planet but that the climate models were highly uncertain as to how the temperature trends would develop in the coming decades.""We don't have any robust climate predictions for the Arctic and the reason is we don't understand the processes there very well,"" he explained. ""That's because we were never able to observe them year round and certainly not in winter when the ice is at its thickest and we can't break it with our research vessels,"" he told BBC News.Embedding in the sea-ice will be done close to 85 degrees North and 130 degrees East. Precise positioning will be important. Modelling of the winds and currents suggests the ship should drift across the top of the planet, getting to within a couple of hundred km from the North Pole, before then being ejected from the frozen floes between northeast Greenland and Svalbard - the Fram Strait. But there is a critical point in this 2,500km journey where, if the ship meanders too far to the west, it could get pulled into the Beaufort Gyre - the great clockwise movement of water and ice in the Arctic. Once caught in this gyre, it would need a huge effort to escape.Something similar to MOSAiC has been tried before.The expedition has definite echoes of the Norwegian explorer Fridtjof Nansen's attempt in the 1890s to be the first person to reach the North Pole by drifting in a ship locked in ice.The Canadian Coast Guard vessel Des Groseilliers mounted a drift mission in the late 1990s which became known as Ice Station SHEBA. The Norwegian Polar Institute's Lance vessel undertook a drift expedition in 2015; as did the scientific schooner Tara, which traversed the frozen ocean - again, from Siberian waters to the Fram Strait - in 2006/7.But none of these previous ventures can be compared to the German mission for size and international input.The conditions faced by the scientists over the coming months will be harsh.For half the year the Sun will not rise above the horizon and temperatures will dip down to minus 45C.And the teams working on the ice will have to be on constant alert for predatory bears.""Various scientists have been trained on using night-vision goggles to stand guard for polar bears,"" said Prof Julienne Stroeve from University College London (UCL). ""You can't ever go out on the ice without someone being there with a rifle. [The bears] could eventually smell the ship and if they get curious enough they'll come and check us out.""Prof Stroeve is in the seven participating teams from the UK.She will join the Polarstern in mid-winter. Her experiments will assess the accuracy of the radar satellites that are used to map the thickness of the sea-ice from orbit.These spacecraft work by bouncing a microwave pulse off the floes, but there is some uncertainty over where exactly this reflection occurs in a column of snow and ice.If the UCL scientist's suspicions are confirmed during the MOSAiC cruise, it would have implications for our current assessment of the status of Arctic sea-ice. "
140	3	The by-election at the weekend sent a clear message to the government about acting on climate change, Greens leader Adam Bandt says.Eden-Monaro went to the polls on Saturday July 6 after the seat was made vacant by Labor’s Mike Kelly, who was forced to retire due to medical issues dating back to his service in the army.Labor candidate Kristy McBain claimed victory over her Liberal counterpart Fiona Kotvojs in the hotly contested seat.“Labor held on in part because of Greens preferences,” Mr Bandt told Sky News.“That should also send a clear message to Labor now that they won this seat off the back of people who want to see action on climate change.“And as Labor starts to formulate its policies going to the next election it has to have climate front and centre.”
334	1	"        A satellite image of the Koettlitz Glacer in Antarctica. (NASA/Goddard Space Flight Center Scientific Visualization Studio)A scientific branch of the Vatican is touting a climate-change report that fears for the fate of the world's glaciers, appearing to support an erroneous conclusion from the United Nations' climate panel that skeptics have loudly debunked.But the Vatican's authors are some of the same people responsible for the U.N. error, even including Rajendra Pachauri, the chairman of the U.N.'s climate group and the man behind the 2007 report that feared ""the likelihood of [the Himalayan glaciers] disappearing by the year 2035 and perhaps sooner.""The facts behind that assertion quickly melted away, with Pachauri himself admitting that ""poorly substantiated estimates"" had made it into print. But like his 2007 U.N. study, Pachauri's 2011 Vatican report, titled ""Fate of Mountain Glaciers in the Anthropocene,"" again frets over the fate of the glaciers -- and it cites his U.N. report as evidence.The new report, commissioned by the Vatican's Pontifical Academy of Sciences, notes that ""thousands of small glaciers in the Hindukush-Himalayan-Tibetan region continue to disintegrate,"" and states that ""robust scenario calculations clearly indicate that many mountain ranges worldwide could lose major parts of their glaciers within the coming decades.""Noted climate skeptic Don Easterbrook, an emeritus professor of geology at Western Washington University, is one vocal critic of these and other conclusions on the fate of the world's glaciers.""The [U.N.]-predicted warming of 1 degree between 2000 and the present has not happened -- instead it's gotten cooler!"" he told FoxNews.com. ""As a result, some glaciers in the Himalayas have begun advancing, and glaciers in Alaska, Norway, and South America have also begun to re-advance.""""Pachauri is very intolerant of any point on climate change that isn't his,"" Patrick J. Michaels, a contributing author on the U.N. report and a senior fellow with the conservative CATO Institute, told FoxNews.com. ""He makes statements that are just wrong, because he's not a climate scientist,"" he said.Pachauri did not respond to FoxNews.com requests for more information, sent through his U.N. climate group. Neither did the climate group itself nor the Vatican's Pontifical Academy of Sciences return FoxNews.com requests. But a Vatican spokesman, Rev. Federico Lombardi, did tell the Associated Press that the document was ""important,"" although it was not a piece of the church's key teachings.Other climate scientists agreed with the new report. Graham Cogley, geography professor with Trent University, agreed that the 2007 prediction that Himalayan glaciers might disappear by 2035 was flat wrong -- but not the current claims.""It is a dire prediction to say that mountain glaciers are 'lethally vulnerable' to climatic change, but it is literally and unquestionably correct,"" he told FoxNews.com. Michaels was more skeptical.""Why resources collected from parishioners were used for this is beyond me,"" Michaels told FoxNews.com. ""There has been an increasing tendency over the years for churches to insert themselves into the global warming thing,"" he added.Well-known climate scientist Michael Mann thought the report may indicate shifting beliefs within the church.I actually attended a meeting of the Pontifical Academy (World Federation of Scientists) in Erice, Sicily, back in late August 2003,"" Mann told FoxNews.com. ""At the time, the president of the organization, Antonio Zichichi, was a climate-change skeptic.""""Zichichi has the ear of the Vatican on all matters of science and science policy. So I interpret this as, perhaps, a change of heart on his part,"" Mann told FoxNews.com. ""In any case, this is indeed a significant (and in my view auspicious) development.""The Pontifical Academy of Sciences, a Vatican advisory panel, was founded under a different name in Rome in 1603, and claims to be the first exclusively scientific academy in the world. The Pontifical Academicians are eighty women and men from various countries nominated by the Supreme Pontiff. (The exact relation between the World Federation of Scientists and the Pontifical Academy was unclear.)The Academy hosted the conference last month on the causes and consequences of retreating mountain glaciers. Its final report, dated May 5 and signed by a group of climate scientists, hydrologists, chemists, lawyers and mountaineers, was posted on the Vatican website Tuesday.The group also noted that another major risk to glaciers is the threat of nuclear war, and advocated a reduction in nuclear arsenals."
372	5	French President Emmanuel Macron delivered a stark warning on climate change at a meeting in Paris, urging political and business leaders to launch an urgent new phase in the fight against global warming. “We are losing the battle,” Macron said at Tuesday’s “One Planet” summit. “We must all act because we will all be held to account.”The meeting was held on the second anniversary of the Paris climate agreement, a pact ratified by 170 nations to cut Earth-warming greenhouse gas emissions.US President Donald Trump, however, has since announced plans to withdraw from the accord, a move Macron described as “bad news”. “We are here in such great numbers because so many of us have decided not to accept the US government decision to leave the agreement,” he said.Macron did not invite Trump to the summit. Several prominent American figures – including Arnold Schwarzenegger, Bill Gates, and Elon Musk – were in attendance. Al Jazeera’s Natacha Butler, reporting from Paris, said the US pullout has left “an enormous shortfall in the funding for the battle against climate change”.Trump, who has called climate change a “hoax”, said he would withhold $2bn pledged to the Green Climate Fund, set up to help poorer countries tackle the effects of climate change. Antonio Guterres, the UN chief, said the Green Climate Fund was indispensable, adding it was “only justice” that developed countries help poorer countries fight climate change. “We are in a war for the very existence of life on our planet as we know it,” said Guterres. “There is no shortage of funds. What we are short on is trust and we must fix this. This means that the rich northern countries up their engagement and pledge $100bn a year until 2020 for developing countries.”Michael Bloomberg, the former mayor of New York, said environmentalists owed Trump a debt of gratitude for rallying thousands to action. Speaking to reporters earlier in the day, Bloomberg added America’s Pledge – a coalition of 1,000 US governors, mayors, business leaders, and academics, formed to honour US commitments in the Paris Accord – now “represents half of the US economy”. Other public and private financial institutions unveiled plans to invest in clean energy and divest from fossil fuels. That included an announcement by the World Bank that it would not finance oil-and-gas exploration or production after 2019. A group of more than 225 investment funds managing more than $26 trillion in assets pledged to step up pressure on the world’s largest corporate greenhouse gas emitters to curb emissions and disclose climate-related financial information. Here are some of the other commitments announced in Paris:Margaret Kuhlow, the World Wide Fund, told Al Jazeera she was “encouraged” by the new commitments.
312	5	"Companies and industries that are not moving towards zero-carbon emissions will be punished by investors and go bankrupt, the governor of the Bank of England has warned.Mark Carney also told the Guardian it was possible that the global transition needed to tackle the climate crisis could result in an abrupt financial collapse. He said the longer action to reverse emissions was delayed, the more the risk of collapse would grow.Carney has led efforts to address the dangers global heating poses to the financial sector, from increasing extreme weather disasters to a potential fall in asset values such as fossil fuel company valuations as government regulations bite. The Guardian revealed last week that just 20 fossil fuel companies have produced coal, oil and gas linked to more than a third of all emissions in the modern era.The Bank of England has said up to $20tn (£16tn) of assets could be wiped out if the climate emergency is not addressed effectively. But Carney also said great fortunes could be made by those working to end greenhouse gas emissions with a big potential upside for the UK economy in particular.The Guardian has collaborated with leading scientists and NGOs to expose, with exclusive data, investigations and analysis, the fossil fuel companies that are perpetuating the climate crisis – some of which have accelerated their extraction of coal, oil and gas even as the devastating impact on the planet and humanity was becoming clear.The investigation has involved more than 20 Guardian journalists working across the world for the past six months.The project focuses on what the companies have extracted from the ground, and the subsequent emissions they are responsible for, since 1965. The analysis, undertaken by Richard Heede at the Climate Accountability Institute, calculates how much carbon is emitted throughout the supply chain, from extraction to use by consumers. Heede said: ""The fact that consumers combust the fuels to carbon dioxide, water, heat and pollutants does not absolve the fossil fuel companies from responsibility for knowingly perpetuating the carbon era and accelerating the climate crisis toward the existential threat it has now become.""One aim of the project is to move the focus of debate from individual responsibilities to power structures – so our reporters also examined the financial and lobbying structures that let fossil fuel firms keep growing, and discovered which elected politicians were voting for change. Another aim of the project is to press governments and corporations to close the gap between ambitious long-term promises and lacklustre short-term action. The UN says the coming decade is crucial if the world is to avoid the most catastrophic consequences of global heating. Reining in our dependence on fossil fuels and dramatically accelerating the transition to renewable energy has never been more urgent.In an interview with the Guardian, Carney said disclosure by companies of the risks posed by climate change to their business was key to a smooth transition to a zero-carbon world as it enabled investors to back winners.“There will be industries, sectors and firms that do very well during this process because they will be part of the solution,” he said. “But there will also be ones that lag behind and they will be punished.”Carney said in July: “Companies that don’t adapt will go bankrupt without question.”US coal companies had already lost 90% of their value, he noted, but banks were also at risk. “Just like in any other major structural change, those banks overexposed to the sunset sectors will suffer accordingly,” he told the Guardian.The central bank governor said transition to net zero carbon emissions would change the value of every asset, raising the risk of shocks to the financial system.“Some [assets] will go up, many will go down. The question is whether the transition is smooth or is it something that is delayed and then happens very abruptly. That is an open question,” he said. “The longer the adjustment is delayed in the real economy, the greater the risk that there is a sharp adjustment.”In April, Carney said: “The stakes are undoubtedly high, but the commitment of all actors in the financial system to act will help avoid a climate-driven ‘Minsky moment’ – the term we use to refer to a sudden collapse in asset prices.”Far from damaging the global economy, climate action bolsters economic growth, according to Carney. “There is a need for [action] to achieve net zero emissions, but actually it comes at a time when there is a need for a big increase in investment globally to accelerate the pace of global growth, to help get global interest rates up, to get us out of this low-growth, low-interest-rate trap we are in.”Failing to act would have severe consequences, he said. “I don’t normally quote bankers, but James Gorman, who is the CEO of Morgan Stanley, said the other day: ‘If we don’t have a planet, we’re not going to have a very good financial system.’ Ultimately, that is true.”The UK remained a climate leader, Carney said, and could benefit from action as a climate-smart financial centre and zero-carbon industrial force.“Certainly the UK financial system is one of the most sophisticated at managing this risk. The UK can extend that lead, for the good of the UK, for the good of the world,” he said. “A number of the industrial solutions draw on the strengths of UK innovation, from the use of artificial intelligence in energy systems through to potentially advanced materials like graphene. There is a big upside for the UK economy.”On Tuesday, Carney told big corporations they had two years to agree rules for reporting climate risks before global regulators devised their own and made them compulsory.Reacting to the Guardian’s revelations about fossil fuel companies, Jeremy Corbyn, the leader of the UK Labour party, said: “Labour will delist companies that fail to meet environmental criteria from the [London Stock Exchange], and reform the finance sector to make it part of the solution to climate change instead of lending to companies that are part of the problem.”"
286	0	2020 was supposed to be the year America revolted against plastic.Consumers were refusing straws and toting their own coffee mugs. Legislators had proposed an unprecedented wave of laws to ban single-use plastics. Even companies like Coke and Pepsi were opening up to the idea plastic might not be the future.Then came the Covid-19 pandemic. Now activists worry the anti-plastic movement is once again back in the trenches.The fight has stalled on a number of fronts across the US. Fears about the virus spreading on surfaces prompted several states to temporarily ban reusable grocery bags, sending single-use bags flooding back into the marketplace. Major legislation aimed at reducing plastics packaging has stalled as lawmakers’ priorities shifted elsewhere. Disposable masks and gloves have become the harbingers of pandemic life, along with plastic take-out food containers and the debris of Amazon packages.Meanwhile the plastics industry ramped up its lobbying, urging federal agencies to declare the sanitary benefits of disposable plastics, and arguing that plastic bag bans went against public health.“The plastic reduction movement was in full swing and moving faster than any environmental issue I’ve ever worked on,” said Martin Bourque, who runs the Ecology Center, the recycling program in Berkeley, California, that has spearheaded waste reduction since the 1970s. “Since March, it’s all been on hold.”California has long led the way in anti-plastic efforts, banning single-use bags in 2014. But when the pandemic hit the state suddenly reversed course, suspending the law. Numerous California county health departments took it a step further and banned customers from bringing their own reusable bags into stores.“When Covid-19 came out, we were worried about everything,” said Jan Dell, the founder of the environmental group the Last Beach Cleanup, and a member of California’s newly-created recycling commission.“There was all this conflicting information. The health crisis brought everything to a halt.”The result has been 500m additional plastic bags handed out per month in California alone, estimates Mark Murray, the executive director of Californians against Waste.At least five states – including California, Massachusetts, Connecticut, New York and Maine – suspended or delayed bag bans and other laws designed to reduce disposable plastics because of the pandemic, according to a count compiled by the Product Stewardship Institute, a national non-profit committed to reducing the environmental impacts of packaging. New Hampshire and Illinois, which do not have statewide plastic bag bans, nevertheless banned customers from bringing their own reusables into stores.The group’s tracker also found more than two dozen local jurisdictions – from Hawaii county, Hawaii, to North Myrtle Beach, South Carolina – have suspended their bag laws.While some of the states, including California, are starting to reinstate their old bag laws, some environmentalists fear it could be tough to get consumers back on track.“It’s taken us five years to really cement the behavior of bringing your own bags,” said Borque, whose center handles the recycling for the City of Berkeley. “From a recycler’s perspective, the change has been huge. To go back and think we might have all those plastic bags clogging our storm drains, littering our pasture land and cluttering our streets is really chilling.”The fear of reusable bags seemed logical at first. Little was known about how the virus spread, and plastic lobbyists quickly capitalized on this knowledge gap.On 18 March, in the early days of the crisis, the Plastic Industry Association, a lobbying group for the plastics industry, wrote a letter to the US Department of Health and Human Services asking it to “make a public statement on the health and safety benefits seen in single-use plastics” and “speak out against bans on these products as a public safety risk.”Later, in another move that aggravated anti-plastic campaigners, the CDC issued advice that restaurants reopening after the pandemic use all disposable plates and foodware to guard against the spread of the virus.Experts now believe that the virus is primarily spread through person-to-person contact, rather than contaminated surfaces such as grocery bags. And while environmental activists acknowledge plastic has a vital role in the medical industry, they say the industry is using the crisis to stall efforts to reduce products that are purely wasteful. “We saw the plastic industry step in really quickly and try to exploit Covid-19 fears that reusable is dirty and dangerous and push the idea that single-use plastics are the answer to keep everyone safe,” said John Hocevar, the Ocean Campaigns director for Greenpeace.Greenpeace charges that the move to end plastic bag bans is predicated on studies funded by the plastic industry itself, in particular a 2011 study paid for by the plastics lobbying group the American Chemistry Council. The study found that most randomly tested reusable bags were contaminated with bacteria but advised that the problem could be remedied by asking consumers to wash their bags. As Covid-19 spread in late March, Ryan Synclair, a researcher associated with the study, resurfaced with an op-ed for USA Today urging employers and regulators “to do everything possible” to protect store clerks, including banning reusable bags – a move Greenpeace points to as a classic industry tactic.Meanwhile, an April study published in the Lancet Microbe found that coronavirus droplets actually live longer on plastic than other surfaces such as paper or cardboard, although cloth bags were not tested.“There isn’t sound science to back up industry claims about single-use plastic being safer,” said the US Senator Tom Udall, who has proposed major legislation to limit single-use plastics which has yet to be given a hearing in the Senate. “While people are rightly focused on the coronavirus crisis, they remain deeply alarmed by the looming environmental crises we are facing as a planet.”In progressive regions like the San Francisco Bay Area and Santa Monica, the ban on reusables has felt like societal inversion. Where once shoppers might have scored a shameful look for forgetting to BYO-bag, now they find themselves awash with an excess of single-use items.At a shopping plaza in El Cerrito, California, Linda Rexall, a local senior, was returning her zippered bags to the dry cleaner in the hopes they could be reused.“I’ve got plastic bags out the wazoo at home,” she said. “And everything in the grocery store now comes in bags – everything! It’s terrible.”In the parking lot, retirees Marian Gade and Jerry Michaels were executing an elaborate grocery repacking operation, in order to avoid adding more plastic bags to the piles already accumulating in their cars, living room and basement.Reusable bags weren’t allowed in the store, so the couple hauled frozen pizza, tomato sauce and Old Milwaukee Beers on their motorized shopping cart out to the car, before lifting them into colorful bags in the back of their trunk.“We have so many bags. Why waste another one?” said Gade.Some in the movement believe the pandemic will only be a minor setback, as growing piles of household waste remind consumers how fed up they are with throw-away culture.“Single use plastic is its own worst enemy,” said Murray. “The amount that is being generated is absolutely unsustainable.”
776	3	This story was featured in The Optimist newsletter. Sign up here to receive stories of kindness, resilience and the best among us every Wednesday and Sunday.As vaccine rollouts allow us to plan for a post-pandemic world, we face another looming emergency: the climate crisis. While pandemic pall is visceral, climate change can feel far off, requiring effort to remain engaged, or at a minimum, to keep paying attention. But with our future dependent on climate action over the next nine years, it’s urgent that we zoom out of our siloed lives and step into the broader panorama. The climate crisis demands our attention.As bicoastal medical and mental health practitioners, we are deeply concerned about the adverse health consequences of global warming, including: increased risk of heart disease and stroke, higher rates of violence, the widening spread of infectious diseases as well as the psychological toll.Yet we’re also aware that the climate crisis has been eclipsed by competing stressors. Right now, many of us are still in pandemic survival mode, eking out each day with the repetitious feel of Groundhog Day. When stress overlays stress, it is a reminder to focus our energies on a single common denominator: resilience.Humans are innately resilient, having proved over millennia our ability to spring back in the face of overwhelming adversity. Evolutionary psychology accounts for how human behavior has evolved to preserve and protect us — from brain function to stress response to support systems, our ability to adapt is one of our greatest attributes.We intuitively know how to be resilient. We see it every day: healing in the wake of illness, loss, or trauma; coping with disabilities; adjusting to life on foreign soil. But mining that characteristic and honing it so that we can call on it when faced with an overwhelming issue requires practice and intention for most of us.Research suggests that although there may be a genetic component, resilience is a function of a potpourri of factors, not a must-have gene, trait or cultural determinant. Resilience also appears to cut right through social classifications of culture, race, class, gender identity, religion and political affiliation. This knowledge that resilience is widely distributed is encouraging, as is the fact that it can be developed and nurtured.Think about personal resilience as a rubber band: If you stretch it a reasonable amount, it naturally springs back to its original form when released. But if you keep stretching it, it will snap. With the climate crisis here, we must choose to stretch ourselves, pulling on our resilience as much as we can.How to begin? We can start by putting some resilient “pennies” into our emotional piggy banks.We can better regulate our nervous systems. When a stressor — like witnessing a climate catastrophe firsthand or worrying about those affected — causes us to panic, or we become numb to avoid the unpleasantness of it, we become dysregulated. Simple acts like abdominal breathing, counting the lengths of our breaths, walking, stretching or even snuggling a pet can bring us back into a mind-body sweet spot — what some in the field of psychology call “Window of Tolerance” or “Zone of Regulation.” Essentially, the goal is resetting our nervous system, rather than reacting to intense emotion. Once we regulate ourselves, we can help others do the same.We can shift our attitude and perspective. The narratives we tell ourselves color our lives. Yes, the climate crisis is scary and overwhelming, but doomsday thinking inhibits our ability to act. As climate scientist Katharine Hayhoe says, “Fear is not what’s going to motivate us. … What we need to fix this thing is rational hope.” Wherever we fall on the half-full/ half-empty continuum, we cannot cancel our proclivities overnight, but we can move toward equilibrium in several ways.We can reframe the situation. Yes, our planet is in crisis, but the Biden administration has prioritized climate, paving the way for much-needed systemic change. Amid the bad news about the climate are small signs of positive change: Solar power is now the cheapest source of electricity. The most recent pandemic recovery bill allocates much-needed funding for public transit, which is less polluting than single-occupancy vehicles. Climate champion Deb Haaland was confirmed as interior secretary. Massachusetts just passed a sweeping climate change law.We can connect. When societies knit themselves together and find common ground, much is possible. According to the Yale Program on Climate Change Communication, 63 percent of Americans are worried about global warming. When we feel we are not alone (and clearly we are not), the knowledge that others understand and share our concerns energizes us as individuals and as communities. Reaching out, creating dialogue or sharing a meal with others fosters much-needed social connection, and boosts individual and collective resilience.We can express gratitude. For quiet moments in nature, for the first responders who protect us during climate-fueled natural disasters, and for those who continue to show up on the climate front: grass-roots activists, children and young adults, parents and grandparents, philanthropists and scientists.And finally, we can start small. Breaking climate action into manageable goals is less overwhelming. For example, try a vegetarian diet for a week, plan errands to strategically minimize car use or consider installing solar panels. While many climate solutions require large-scale systemic changes from businesses and the government, we, as individuals and communities, have the power to start small and scaffold up.Whether paralyzed or panicked about the climate emergency, resilience is the gift that keeps on giving. While the best practice is to hone this quality before things spiral out of control, it’s never too late to start. Flexibility is perhaps our greatest attribute. As Ed Maibach, director of George Mason University’s Center for Climate Change Communication, says about the warming planet: “It’s real. It’s us. Experts agree. It’s bad. There’s hope.”
211	0	"A report published Monday by the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change said that ""rapid, far-reaching and unprecedented changes in all aspects of society"" are needed to avoid disastrous levels of global warming.While often seen as culprits, some businesses are setting a positive example.The companies with the best track records tend to be consumer brands, according to reports from corporate transparency advocate CDP, public opinion consultancy GlobeScan and think tank SustainAbility.UnileverUnilever (UL) is the global corporate leader in environmental sustainability, according to a survey of experts conducted by GlobeScan and SustainAbility.The owner of brands including Ben & Jerry's and Dove will ensure that all of its agricultural materials come from sustainable sources by 2020. It says it will do so by working with farmers to reduce environmental harm.It has also agreed to eliminate single use plastic packaging in the United Kingdom, where possible, by 2025.The consumer goods giant wants to become carbon positive by 2030. That means it will eliminate the use of fossil fuels, and support the generation of more renewable energy than it consumes.""They created a very strategic plan that still is in many ways the best in class. They created these ambitious, clear plans that focus on what they really need to do — on packaging, chemical production, food production,"" said Chris Coulter, co-CEO of GlobeScan.Unilever has found itself under pressure over plastic. Earlier this year, the company was named by the Break Free From Plastic campaign as one of the firms most responsible for plastic pollution in India, the Philippines and Indonesia. Unilever has acknowledged it must ""go much further, much faster, in addressing the challenge"" of plastic waste.PatagoniaThe outdoor apparel company is big on the environment. Founded by surfers and rock climbers in California, Patagonia makes clothes using organic cotton and recycled fabrics, including polyester, nylon and wool. The company has made headlines with its ""Don't buy this jacket"" campaign, which was meant to discourage customers from purchasing too many Patagonia products. Patagonia pledges 1% of sales to the preservation and restoration of the natural environment.It's also a certified ""B Corporation,"" meaning it's legally required to consider the impact of decisions on its workers, customers, suppliers, community and the environment.NestleThe mega food producer has stepped up efforts to police its supply chain after criticism of its use of palm oil, which is often produced on land previously covered by forests. Nestle (NSRGF) has committed to using 100% responsibly sourced palm oil by 2020, and to blacklist companies that do not comply with its policies. It will use satellite technology to ensure no deforestation is taking place in its supply chain. ""At the scale they are, the largest food company on the planet, they have been able to manage some of those issues and be part of the solution,"" said Coulter.IkeaThe Swedish retailer has invested €1.7 billion ($2 billion) into renewable energy projects. It plans to build 416 wind turbines and has already installed around 750,000 solar panels on Ikea buildings.Ikea has also said it will ban single-use plastic products from its shops and restaurants by 2020.The company wants to purchase 100% renewable energy by 2020, and use only renewable and recycled materials in its products by the same year. It plans to make its home deliveries emissions free by 2025.TeslaTesla (TSLA) says its mission is to ""accelerate the world's transition to sustainable energy."" The electric-car maker has a code of conduct for suppliers, which includes a pledge to work to avoid harm to the environment, responsible management of all waste and efficient use of water and energy resources.Tesla CEO Elon Musk said Tuesday on Twitter that the UN climate report's findings are a reminder of ""why it's important to accelerate advent of cars powered by electricity made from solar power.""Unlike other companies praised for helping the planet, Tesla doesn't disclose many details of its environmental practices.""No one really knows about Tesla and its strategy, because it is so opaque,"" said Coulter. ""But it's a company with a purpose to disrupt the fossil fuel industry — it gets the points."""
737	3	— Rhiana Gunn-Wright, climate policy director[In Her Words is available as a newsletter. Sign up here to get it delivered to your inbox.]Rhiana Gunn-Wright had asthma growing up.So did many of her neighbors in Englewood, on the South Side of Chicago, where pediatric hospitalization rates for asthma were significantly higher than the rate nationwide in the early 2000s. Ms. Gunn-Wright had so many friends with asthma that she assumed it was a “childhood disease” that all young people had.Only later in life did she realize it was linked to air pollution in the area, as was shown by research funded by the Environmental Protection Agency.For some policymakers and advocates, even those organizing global climate strikes, the effects of climate change can feel distant, but Ms. Gunn-Wright, 30, never had that luxury. Her work on environmental justice has always felt personal, tied to the public health problems in her community.In 2018, Ms. Gunn-Wright was recruited by the progressive think tank New Consensus, which focuses on climate and economic policy, to be a co-author on a paper titled “The Green New Deal.”It laid out in detail a sweeping platform to fight climate change, and it was the basis of a congressional resolution introduced by Senator Edward Markey, Democrat of Massachusetts, and Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Democrat of New York. The resolution outlines a 10-year mobilization to achieve net-zero greenhouse gas emissions while creating new jobs and investing in infrastructure, galvanizing “every aspect of American society at a scale not seen since World War II.”The Green New Deal quickly became a lightning rod among lawmakers. While Republicans cast it as a socialist plan to take away cars and planes, some Democratic presidential candidates embraced parts or all of the framework, and it was credited with encouraging spirited debate on climate policy during the 2020 primary race. Still others critiqued it for its breadth — and many of its specifics, including cost, are still in question.A year later, the country is in the midst of new crises — a pandemic and an extraordinary economic downturn, amid waves of protest against systemic racism.In Her Words spoke with Ms. Gunn-Wright about how the coronavirus has made climate issues even more stark, and about the challenges of leading as a Black woman in the predominantly white male world of environmental policy.The conversation has been condensed and edited for clarity.You’ve been sounding the alarm on climate change for some time. Now the headlines are all about the coronavirus. Has it gotten trickier to focus public attention on climate amid the spread of Covid-19?In some ways, it’s easier to talk about climate change than when we first came out with the Green New Deal resolution. That’s because the connections between the pandemic and climate crisis are clear, starting with the fact that people of color — Black and Latino folks — are dying at far higher rates from Covid. And there’s already at least one study showing how Covid deaths are correlated with exposure to toxic air pollution.During the first wave of Covid, the hot spots were in New York, Detroit and New Orleans. That lines up exactly with front-line communities exposed to climate change.It’s never normal to surround people with toxic air pollution and cause them all sorts of respiratory problems, but before Covid that was the normal drumbeat of injustice. I think Covid has helped break that normalization.Are you hopeful that some of the positive climate shifts in recent months, like our decreased reliance on air and car travel, will continue after the pandemic?No, because they’re due to reductions in economic activity and not to policy change. Emissions go down during recessions as a result of decreased economic activity, but they always rebound. You’re going to see them kick into overdrive.The field of environmental research and policy has long skewed white and male. Columbia University’s earth observatory just appointed its first- female interim director this month. What are some of the hurdles you’ve faced as a Black woman in this line of work?I had to downplay my Blackness and my own anger. I had to depoliticize myself. Sometimes the connections that I talked about, between equity and the environment, weren’t taken seriously, so I wasn’t taken seriously.I had at least one white man tell me that if we didn’t mitigate climate change, it would be my fault because the Green New Deal tied in equity and race, and that’s too much, so I will have ruined our changes at climate policy.How did you respond to that?I didn’t. Because what climate policy did I interrupt that was happening? There wasn’t anything happening at the federal level. I had a white man write me a multiple-page essay about how we have to tackle the climate crisis because it’s the most urgent thing facing humanity. But racial injustice, he wrote, has always existed, so why do we have to address that now? The way I responded was by doubling down. It became clear to me that part of my work is about elucidating these connections between climate and justice.How are you working to put climate change and justice at the center of the country’s response to Covid-19?I’m working on a paper now about green stimulus. It’s spelling out what an economic recovery looks like that is based in climate justice. Climate policy is often thought of as a very long-term thing, so we’re making the case for how it can be used for immediate stimulus and fit into our plans to rebuild the economy.You’ve been both a political insider and outsider — working for candidates and as a researcher and organizer. Where do you get the most traction?I sometimes feel that it is easier to do my work outside of the system, because it’s easier to be myself. The work I do is stressful, and the ability to look in the mirror and recognize myself and to act in ways aligned with my values is really important to me.What parts of yourself have you had to quiet while working inside political institutions?The way I dress. My aesthetic is “just dropped off my kids and going on a Target run,” but I also have a half-sleeve tattoo and a nose ring. I’ve never seen a person on the inside, like a chief of staff or legislative director, with a sleeve tattoo. I’m very open about calling out white supremacy. And I have mental health issues: I have PTSD, anxiety and depression. I have yet to see a leader, that is someone on the inside, talk about that. The closer you get to the inside, the more the models of leadership and professionalism become exclusionary and focus on a dominant white male leader. I’m at this point in my life where I’m not willing to become a narrower person in order to gain power.Speaking of people on the inside, Joe Biden, the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee, hasn’t fully endorsed the Green New Deal, but he did just release a sweeping set of climate policies. You’ve been critical of his new platform. Why is that?I think it has great elements, but it tries to be transformative while keeping the power relationships that we have in our economy. I think returning power to marginalized communities is very important as part of climate action. For example, if Indigenous communities had the rights that they deserved, if their treaties were respected, we wouldn’t even be thinking about a Dakota Access Pipeline.Some climate experts say there is a connection between women and environmental action. Why are women more likely to bear the brunt of climate disasters?Actually, gender is a place where we need to strengthen our analysis. We haven’t done enough thinking about the care economy. Care jobs are green jobs, in the sense that they are low carbon emission jobs. And with Covid, it has become clear how broken our care economy is. On the child care side, it could very well be decimated. Family child care providers are closing and won’t have the support to reopen. With the Green New Deal, we elevated manufacturing jobs and construction, which are important, but it often feels like it’s about saving men’s jobs and the women don’t appear. When there was a gender gap in the original Green New Deal, the Feminist Green New Deal Network stepped in and started thinking through its impact on women. So I’ve been in conversation with them more and learning so much.[In Her Words is available as a newsletter. Sign up here to get it delivered to your inbox. Write to us at inherwords@nytimes.com.]
727	5	"By Karl Malakunas and Catherine HoursThe years-long quest for a universal pact to avert catastrophic climate change has neared the finish line with a draft agreement completed in Paris.After nearly two weeks of tough haggling between bureaucrats and ministers from around the world, French and UN officials have completed a line-by-line edit of an historic agreement that seeks to slow global warming and ease its impacts.""We have a text to present,"" an official in the office of Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius, who presides over the 195-nation talks, said.After translation into the UN's six official languages, the document will be handed to ministers including Australia's Foreign Minister Julie Bishop later tonight (NZT), nearly 16 hours after the crunch conference was originally scheduled to close.It was hoped the text will be adopted at a special session on Saturday.Fabius said Friday he was ""sure"" the project would succeed.""Everything is in place to achieve a universal, ambitious accord,"" said the man in charge of delivering the first-ever pact to bind all nations to climate action.""Never again will we have a more favourable momentum than in Paris.""World powers have led an overtime push for a deal as sleep-deprived envoys battled in Paris to unlock deep-seated disputes about who must do what to confront climate change.Many have billed the talks as the last chance to avert worst-case-scenario climate change effects: increasingly severe droughts, floods and storms, as well as rising seas that would engulf islands and populated coasts.The agreement would seek to revolutionise the world's energy system by cutting back or potentially eliminating coal and other fossil fuels, replacing them with renewable sources such as solar and wind.The Paris talks have largely been free of the fierce arguments that plagued previous UN climate conferences.The Chinese delegation's deputy chief Liu Zhenmin said he was ""quite confident"" a deal would be sealed on Saturday.Developing nations insist rich countries must shoulder the lion's share of responsibility for tackling climate change as they have emitted most of the greenhouse gases since the Industrial Revolution.But the United States and other rich nations say emerging giants must also do more.They argue that developing countries now account for most of today's emissions and thus will be largely responsible for future warming.One of the deepest disagreements is about funding the climate fight - at a cost of trillions of dollars over the decades to come.Rich countries promised six years ago in Copenhagen to muster US$100 billion a year by 2020 to help developing nations make the energy shift and cope with the impacts of global warming.But how the funds will be raised is unclear - and developing countries demand a commitment to increase the amount after 2020, when the pact enters into force."
595	5	"Lit Wei Chin. Photo / Supplied.Sponsored by APECThere was a recent quote from Microsoft founder Bill Gates that resonates with New Zealand's Lit Wei Chin: ""By 2060, climate change could be just as deadly as Covid-19, and by 2100 it could be five times as deadly"".It's a rallying cry for Chin – one of New Zealand's four young 'Voices of the Future' delegates to this year's APEC meeting, an annual event bringing together 18-24-year-olds (four from each APEC economy) to grapple with big issues facing the world – climate change, in particular.It's not just a talk-fest. The delegates will present their declaration to APEC chair, Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern on behalf of the nearly one billion young people across the APEC region at the end of the November event starting tomorrow. It's a part of APEC Leaders' Week, the culmination of New Zealand's hosting of APEC 2021.While young peoples' voices are being increasingly heard because of the activism of Greta Thunberg and others, Chin, 24, a graduate from Auckland University, believes there is more to say – and more volume required.He should know because he almost literally lives and breathes climate change. It's not just that it is a subject he holds dear but he also works at it in his role as a  climate change and sustainability executive for Auckland Unlimited, the city's economic development agency.""Young people should have a voice at the table,"" he says. ""The world is suffering from the effects of climate change. We have the opportunity to make it right and recover from the Covid-19 crisis by working together to transition our economies to a greener and more digital future for all.""We [young people] are being heard more but there is a need to be on top of this issue – and an opportunity for us to be at the sharp end of the APEC meeting and to have our voices heard there.""Chin earned his place as a delegate after applying and making a video setting out his message on climate change. As APEC looks set to agree a plan spanning the next two decades, he says this event has never been more relevant:  ""Decisions are being made now that affect current and future generations.""Climate change is happening now and it is vital to have young people in attendance – so they can make those generational voices heard.""At Auckland Unlimited, Chin addresses climate change with external and internal audiences: ""Internally, we look at our own corporate responsibility in taking action over climate change – things like measuring emissions and putting plans into action to reduce them, building our capability to help reduce climate change. We also instil thought leadership in climate change in everything Auckland Unlimited does.""Externally, we support Auckland to adapt to and help to lessen the effects of climate change by building a climate-resilient and low emission economy. It's a plan which dovetails with the national plan to be net zero in CO2 emissions by 2050.""Chin says representing Aotearoa at Voices of the Future ""will not only raise the profile of our country but will allow me to champion the voices of rangatahi from Aotearoa on the international stage"".""It will build a greater understanding and cooperation amongst young people between New Zealand and APEC young leaders,"" he says, ""and provide the opportunity to learn from experts and support our peers in the Asia-Pacific to carry the same mana in achieving a future for all.""The other New Zealand Voices of the Future delegates areSophie Handford (20) – the former head girl at Kapiti College (20) came to national attention as the co-ordinator of the School Strike 4 Climate NZ in 2019; later that year she was elected to the Kapiti Coast District Council at the age of 18. Sophie says: ""Young people inherit the decisions made now. We are the ones who will have to navigate our careers through the currently intensifying challenges in our midst.""Jess Jenkins (18) – the winner of the Race Unity Speech Awards in 2020 is now national co-ordinator at Race Unity Aotearoa.  She left Tawa College last year, was accepted into Harvard University but has put those plans on hold for a year due to Covid-19. An advocate for inclusivity and diversity, Jess says she wants a future where ""economies can thrive alongside and not in spite of each other, a place where the success of one is not dependent on the downfall of others, where we stand in harmony with our planet. When we work together, adapt and create, our economics may flourish.""Shisla Macleod (22) – a graduate policy analyst in trade at the New Zealand Customs Service in Wellington, Sustainability and equitable opportunities are her particular interests: ""The opportunity to represent young people and have our voices heard by influential decision-makers is incredibly important, and APEC, as an incubator of ideas, is the perfect forum to discuss our ideas."""
407	3	There is an impressive array of pine species at the Nature Conservancy’s Plum Creek preserve in Maryland – loblolly, Virginia, shortleaf – creating a landscape that emits the smell of Christmas well into the summer. But a newcomer to the preserve has fueled an ethical debate about the role of conservationists in the age of climate change.Since 2013, TNC has planted more than 2,000 longleaf pine seedlings in fields not far from the Delaware state line. Today, clumps of longleaf stand together like gangly kids at recess, their eponymous green needles shooting out like pompoms in every direction.But longleaf is not native to Maryland, and many scientists believe they should not be planted at Plum Creek, or anywhere outside of their natural range. These relatively young trees are part of an experiment to determine if human intervention could help the pines migrate north as climate change alters its natural range.When left unattended, trees migrate toward more favorable conditions through a process known as seed dispersal, in which seeds are carried by the wind or birds to new places, taking root where the weather and water are right. But it’s an exceedingly slow process, much slower than many trees will need to move in order to avoid major harm from warming temperatures. Scientists are turning to a strategy called assisted migration – planting seedlings in areas they have never grown – in an attempt to rescue tree species from the inhospitable conditions brought on by climate change.Not everyone’s onboard. Assisted migration has been accused of being expensive and risky, a case of humans playing God.But “I do not believe longleaf pine could move quickly enough at the rate the climate is changing,” explains Dr Deborah Landau, a TNC restoration ecologist.Longleaf pine once blanketed 90 million acres of the American southeast, but today it inhabits only 3% of its original range. According to Landau, longleaf was “practically knocking on the door” of the Chesapeake Bay when Europeans showed up 400 years ago. “We truly feel it would have eventually arrived on its own,” she says. Instead, longleaf pine forests were decimated by logging and fire suppression, their growth fragmented by human development.When trees do migrate north, most “species don’t have a smooth transition across the landscape; they will encounter houses, roads, development”, says Landau. Even if trees could find an unobstructed path forward, many studies echo Landau’s conclusion: the Earth’s climate is changing far too rapidly for them to keep pace.It’s this urgency that is fueling assisted migration projects like the one at Plum Creek Preserve, as well as six sites administered by the Adaptive Silviculture for Climate Change project. A collaborative effort between American and Canadian environmental agencies and universities, ASCC aims to help land managers understand how forests will respond to climate change and how they might play a part in facilitating it. In Minnesota’s Chippewa national forest, for example, where red oak and white spruce are becoming less suited to the climate, ASCC scientists are slowly introducing bitternut hickory and black cherry, species currently found in the climate zone directly south of the forest.Dr Jim Guldin, one of ASCC’s lead researchers and a 30-year veteran of the USDA Forest Service, says that these trials are backed by “a lot of good science that shows that climatic conditions are going to change”, and when that happens “the species in a given place may no longer be a good fit for that spot”. He’s also quick to point out that the work is “very much an experiment”.It’s the experimental nature of assisted migration that makes some scientists wary about the risks involved. In 2009, the ecologists Anthony Ricciardi and David Simberloff published an op-ed contending that the strategy was “likely to produce myriad unintended and unpredictable consequences” and could profoundly interrupt the established ecosystems and food webs where the new trees are planted. Assisted migration, they said, was tantamount to “ecological gambling”.Assisted migration can also be a hard sell for the public, especially in communities that have been warned for years about the dangers of non-native plants and invasive species. Guldin reiterates that ASCC’s introductions are done in “very small steps”, and Landau argues that trees like longleaf pine require such specific management –namely, regular burns of the surrounding area that eliminate competing vegetation, enrich the soil, and kill harmful insects – and are so slow-growing that they’re “highly unlikely to escape” the plots where they are grown.But this management isn’t cheap, and that’s another common criticism of assisted migration. Getting trees to grow outside of their normal habitat is labor-intensive work, and no amount of time or money can guarantee the trees will thrive in their new environment; half of the longleaf pine seedlings at the Plum Creek Preserve have died despite the best efforts of TNC staff.Still, Guldin reasons that “planting any species is costly”. For now, he posits that assisted migration makes most sense in limited applications.Landau says that, on Facebook, TNC’s longleaf project has been accused of “playing the hand of God”. She dismisses the criticism. “There’s so little nature left that we haven’t already had a heavy hand in,” she says.She’s more sympathetic to those who she says feel like assisted migration is giving up on existing restoration efforts. But so far, Maryland’s first stand of longleaf pine seems to be having a positive impact on the native flora and fauna of the area.Months after the last burn, the preserve is teeming with raspberries and blueberries and displaying a diverse understory of native grasses. These grasses and shrubs are paradise for pollinators and ground-loving species like the bobwhite quail, a bird that has largely disappeared from the region in recent decades and is the focus of local restoration projects.Maryland’s longleaf pine stand could provide “a starter forest of appropriate habitat” for the federally endangered red-cockaded woodpecker, which is beginning to face warming springs in its natural habitat, says Landau.Despite the detractors, Landau has seen a shift in attitudes about assisted migration in the decade since Ricciardi and Simberloff’s article was published.“Now that climate change is here, people are more open to the prospect of aiding species that won’t be able to keep up,” she says. “It’s happened. It’s happening. We need to respond.”
253	4	As a skeptic, I didn't deny climate change existed. I was questioning the data behind the science. One big number ultimately changed my mind. Watch this video to learn what it is:That was on April 23, 2013. After that day I started attending climate conferences, and continued to consume more and more of the data coming in about climate change. I like to say that I didn't go from denier to believer; I went from skeptic to scholar. And along the way I learned a lot about the climate crisis that I hope will help YOU better understand it as well. For instance, I quickly learned the problem was way bigger than just carbon dioxide: Over the last millennium, the concentration of these gasses in the atmosphere has gone up and down. In tandem, global temperatures have also become warmer, colder and then warmer again. That's why so many skeptics say climate change is cyclical, and point to that as evidence against global warming. But what we're experiencing now is much more extreme than in the past:As this alarming rate of warming continues, it is evident that humans are responsible. And not always in the ways you might think: All of these issues are contributing to global warming -- a term that often gets misused, especially during an epic snowstorm or freezing spell during the winter months. The problem is that people are only looking at the weather out their windows: When you look at the crisis from a global perspective, you start to see evidence of a devastating future:Maybe you see the climate crisis as I do now. Maybe you need some more time to gather your own evidence and look closely at the facts. Whenever you're ready, the next step is to figure out how you can start making a difference:
775	3	"Men have long understood the dangers of exposing their reproductive glands to excessive heat. More than a decade ago, celebrity chef Gordon Ramsey publicly admitted that all that time near hot stoves ultimately caused him fertility loss and a low sperm count. ""My balls were burning,"" he said, with typical bluntness.  From sitting too long with a laptop, to boiling saunas and hot cellphones in tight jean pockets, burning issues around the midriff have become a pressing fertility enemy for modern men.Recent research is implicating rising heat due to climate change as an extinction threat for certain species — so what about our own?Read more: No help for the infertile in AfricaThe world warms, births declineWhile day-to-day thermal threats to male reproductivity can be combated with common sense, what happens when there is little escape from a world that is warming due to climate change?This past July, Alan Barreca, an environmental economist from the University of California in Los Angeles released a study showing that ""temperature shocks"" linked to climate change were reducing birth rates, despite increased sexual activity in summer months.Derived from 80 years of birth and weather data out of the United States, the study confirmed a higher number of babies being born in August and September (nine months after the depths of winter), while fewer babies were conceived in summer due to higher temperatures.The researchers warned that the higher frequency and severity of heat waves — which is expected as climate change carries on — will hasten this decline in fertility.""Climate change projections show dramatic increases in hot weather,"" Barreca told DW. ""This increase in hot weather will harm our reproductive health in the future.""Damaging the seed of lifeThis human dimension to the problem of decreased fertility in a warming world is just one part of a significantly more far-reaching problem.A study by researchers at the University of East Anglia,published today in Nature Communications, shows ""clear evidence"" that heat-wave stress reduces ""sperm number and viability"" in insects, those most ubiquitous of living creatures.""In warm-blooded systems, heat is not a good thing for male fertility,"" Matthew Gage, a professor of evolutionary ecology at the University of East Anglia and lead researcher on the study, told DW.However, humans and other warm-blooded animals are able to regulate their internal reproductive systems, meaning that their sperm is somewhat protected under heat stress, Gage explained.Yet as heat waves become more frequent, few have looked at ""cold-blooded organisms [such as insects] that comprise the majority of biodiversity on Earth,"" he added.Read more: Beetle mania: The planet's most successful creatures?After exposing beetles that thrive in tropical environments to heat stress, the research not only confirmed a hunch about fertility loss in the planet's most common species, but also noted ""male reproductive damage"" and ""transgenerational impacts"" that could help clarify increasing species extinction rates.It's the first such study to reveal a link between heat-wave stress and long-lasting genetic or DNA damage — and the potential for heat stress to create permanently sterile males.Read more: Biodiversity collapse imminent in world's tropics, study saysExplaining biodiversity loss ""Could this be one of the reasons why populations decline and go extinct under climate change?"" Gage asked. ""Obviously, if you're not very good at reproducing, that's not going to help your population viability,"" he pointed out.A heat wave will ultimately pass and a creature may survive it — but, added Gage, ""this can't undo the problem of damaged sperm.""Upon examining insects that had suffered a heat wave, ""their offspring showed shortened lifespan and lower reproductive fitness,"" said Gage, pointing out that this represents a transgenerational defect.The significance of this linkage is potentially devastating for biodiversity loss on a warming planet.Read more: Scientists race to name unknown species before biodiversity disappearsThat could be taken a step further as all living organisms ultimately depend on each other for survival. For instance, without pollinating insects, the human diet would be far poorer. Read more: 'We cannot survive without insects'Taking the heatA 2017 review of studies into rapidly declining sperm counts in men went as far as to warn of human extinction if the trend of a recorded 50 to 60 percent drop in sperm count in males from North America, Europe and Australia from 1973 to 2011 continues.The study cited ""multiple environmental and lifestyle influences"" that might explain the declining sperm count. These included prenatal endocrine disruption caused by exposure to chemicals, or maternal smoking — while exposure to pesticides could be a prime culprit in adult life. Yet conclusive evidence linking declining fertility to any specific environmental problem is lacking.New research on the correlation between increased male infertility and climate change could therefore prove to be especially instructive. Moreover, if this link is contributing to broader biodiversity loss, the consequences will again be devastating for all life.This is why Gage and his team are starting to trace the link between heat stress and loss of male fertility — and transgeneration DNA defects — in a host of other insects and cold-blooded animals, including fish that spawn in very cold waters.""It adds up to a pretty hard time for populations that are already suffering stress from all sorts of other things like habitat loss, or chemicals being put into the system,"" noted Gage of the latest death knell for threatened species across the planet.If further research proves that a warming world is impairing the seed of life, the revelation could be the ultimate inspiration to double down on fighting climate change.Read more: To save species, limit global warming"
122	0	Independent Zali Steggall has taken out former prime minister Tony Abbott in the battle for the New South Wales seat of Warringah.Mr Abbott, who had held the electorate for 25 years, lost the seat after seeing more than a 13 per cent swing against him.In his concession speech, Mr Abbott says he knew the campaign would be difficult, but conceded he would 'rather be a loser than a quitter'.Ms Steggall says she will be a 'climate leader' for Warringah, promising to hold the new government to account on climate change.Image: News Corp Australia
115	5	US President Joe Biden has sounded the alarm on climate change following the release of a bombshell United Nations report dubbed a 'a code red for humanity.' 'We can't wait to tackle the climate crisis. The signs are unmistakable. The science is undeniable. And the cost of inaction keeps mounting,' Biden said in a statement Monday, as he urged the US and world nations to swiftly limit greenhouses gasses.The Earth is likely to warm by 2.7F within the next 20 years — a decade earlier than previously expected — and heatwaves, flooding and droughts will become more frequent and intense, according to the United Nations' Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) assessment.On Monday, 234 experts warned in the report that the US is headed for disaster. Flooding, deadly fires and heat waves will not only become the norm but will intensify in a warming world, warns the 3,949-page assessment.Humans have already heated the planet by roughly 2 degrees Fahrenheit (1.1C), since the 19th century, largely by burning coal, oil and gas for energy – with the US being one of the world's top producers.Scientists had expected temperatures to rise by 2.7F (1.5C) above pre-industrial levels between 2030 and 2052 but now believe it will happen between this year and 2040. The consequences are already ripping across the nation: This summer alone, blistering heat waves have killed more than 3,000 American and wildfires have cost at least $8 billion, while flooding has caused nearly $75 billion in damages in the past 30 years. California is currently being scorched by its second worst wildfire on record, the Dixie Fire. The fire, which is just 21 percent contained, has destroyed 404 buildings, plus 185 minor structures and damaged 38 additional structures - altogether it has burned around 463,477.Linda Mearns, a senior climate scientist at the U.S. National Center for Atmospheric Research and co-author of the report, said in a statement: 'It's just guaranteed that it's going to get worse. Nowhere to run, nowhere to hide.'Scroll down for videos If temperatures continue to rise, there could be devastating effects here on Earth, including a dramatic loss of sea-life, an ice-free Arctic and more regular 'extreme' weatherOn Monday, 234 experts warned in the report that the US is headed for disaster. Flooding, deadly fires and heat waves will not only become the norm but will intensify in a warming world, warns the 3,949-page assessmentThe consequences are already ripping across the nation: This summer alone, blistering heat waves have killed more than 3,000 American and wildfires have cost at least $8 billion, while flooding has caused nearly $75 billion in damages in the past 30 years. Pictured are fires currently blazing in CaliforniaFlooding, deadly fires and heat waves will not only become the norm but will intensify in a warming world, warns the 3,949-page assessmentThe 2.7F (1.5C) mark is considered to be the point where climate change becomes increasingly dangerous. The 2015 Paris Agreement on climate change committed countries to limiting warming to 2.7F (1.5C) but they have already risen by 2.2F (1.2C).UN Secretary-General António Guterres called the new report a 'code red for humanity'. He warned: 'The alarm bells are deafening, and the evidence is irrefutable: greenhouse gas emissions from fossil fuel burning and deforestation are choking our planet and putting billions of people at immediate risk.' NSW announces increase in fines for breaking public health ordersNSW records 466 new locally transmitted cases of Covid-19Thug wields dustbin as Man United and Leeds fans clash violentlyLeeds fans descend on Manchester as fierce rivals clash in season openerBizarre moment protestor interrupts Gladys' Covid press conferenceRebel Wilson adds a Hermes bag to her designer collectionPolice crack down on hoons doing 'donuts' in their 4WD on a beachSmell The Roses! Britney Spears sniffs pink flower in crop topThese graphs show how human influence has warmed the climate at a rate unprecedented in at least the last 2,000 yearsThe UN scientists modelled the changes in annual mean temperatures worldwide based on 2.7F (1.5C), 3.6F (2C) and 7.2F (4C) global warmingThe projected changes in extremes are larger in frequency and intensity with every additional increment of global warmingNSW announces increase in fines for breaking public health ordersNSW records 466 new locally transmitted cases of Covid-19Thug wields dustbin as Man United and Leeds fans clash violentlyLeeds fans descend on Manchester as fierce rivals clash in season openerBizarre moment protestor interrupts Gladys' Covid press conferenceRebel Wilson adds a Hermes bag to her designer collectionPolice crack down on hoons doing 'donuts' in their 4WD on a beachSmell The Roses! Britney Spears sniffs pink flower in crop topThe key findings of the report are:· Humans are very likely the main driver of the global retreat of glaciers, decline in sea ice, warming oceans and rising sea levels· It is 'virtually certain' that heatwaves 'have become more frequent and more intense across most land regions'· A rise in sea levels approaching 6 feet by the end of this century 'cannot be ruled out'· The Arctic is likely to be 'practically sea ice-free' in September at least once before 2050· Carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere are higher than they have been for three million years Some changes, such as sea level rises, will be 'irreversible' for hundreds to thousands of years  Anthony Blinken, US Secretary of State, said in a statement:  'Today, the United States joined nearly 200 IPCC member governments in approving the Working Group I contribution to the IPCC's Sixth Assessment Report.'The report finds we are already edging closer to a 1.5 degrees Celsius [2.7F] warmer world, and every day emissions rise the prospects for averting the worst impacts of climate change become dimmer. This is why it is essential that all countries – in particular the major economies –do their part during this critical decade of the 2020s to put the world on a trajectory to keep a 1.5 degrees Celsius [2.7F] limit on warming within reach. 'This is why the United States has committed to a 50-52 percent reduction in emissions from 2005 levels in 2030 and is marshaling the entire federal government to tackle the climate crisis. We cannot delay ambitious climate action any longer.'The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change's (IPCC) newest report makes it clear – climate change is already a crisis.Today, the United States joined nearly 200 IPCC member governments in approving the Working Group I contribution to the IPCC's Sixth Assessment Report. This is the first volume in a series of four reports that the IPCC will release for the Sixth Assessment. This report evaluates the physical science of climate change – looking at the past, present, and future climate and revealing how human-caused emissions are altering our planet and what that means for our collective future.The report highlights that our climate is rapidly changing due to human influence and is already altering our planet in drastic ways – Arctic sea ice is at its lowest level in more than 150 years; sea levels are rising faster than at any time in at least the last 3,000 years; and glaciers are declining at a rate unprecedented in at least 2,000 years. Weather and climate events – such as extreme heat, heavy rainfall, fire conditions, and droughts – are becoming more severe and frequent because of climate change. We are seeing the detrimental impacts of these events on the lives and livelihoods of people around the world.Most importantly, the report finds we are already edging closer to a 1.5 degrees Celsius warmer world, and every day emissions rise the prospects for averting the worst impacts of climate change become dimmer. This is why it is essential that all countries – in particular the major economies – do their part during this critical decade of the 2020s to put the world on a trajectory to keep a 1.5 degrees Celsius limit on warming within reach. This is why the United States has committed to a 50-52 percent reduction in emissions from 2005 levels in 2030 and is marshaling the entire federal government to tackle the climate crisis. We cannot delay ambitious climate action any longer.As countries prepare for the 26th UN Climate Change Conference (COP26) in Glasgow, this report is a stark reminder that we must let science drive us to action. This moment requires world leaders, the private sector, and individuals to act together with urgency and do everything it takes to protect our planet and our future in this decade and beyond.As the planet warms, places will get hit more not just by extreme weather but by multiple climate disasters at once, the report said.That's like what's now happening in the Western US, where heat waves, drought and wildfires compound the damage, Mearns said.This year, 37,803 fires have burned more than 3 million acres across the US, which is a major increase from last year's fire season that saw 32,059 fires scorch a total of 2.1 million acres. This year, 37,803 fires have burned more than 3 million acres across the US, which is a major increase from last year's fire season that saw 32,059 fires scorch a total of 2.1 million acres. California's Dixie Fire (pictured), the states second largest on record, is still spreading across Plumas, Butte, Tehama and Lassen counties and has now scorched more than 463,000 acresNSW announces increase in fines for breaking public health ordersNSW records 466 new locally transmitted cases of Covid-19Thug wields dustbin as Man United and Leeds fans clash violentlyLeeds fans descend on Manchester as fierce rivals clash in season openerBizarre moment protestor interrupts Gladys' Covid press conferenceRebel Wilson adds a Hermes bag to her designer collectionPolice crack down on hoons doing 'donuts' in their 4WD on a beachSmell The Roses! Britney Spears sniffs pink flower in crop topThe Dixie blaze is the largest active wildfire in the United States, but one of only 11 major wildfires in California. Over the weekend it surpassed the 2018 Mendocino Complex Fire to make it the second-worst fire in state history, the authorities saidWildfire activity continues in 15 states across the countrNSW announces increase in fines for breaking public health ordersNSW records 466 new locally transmitted cases of Covid-19Thug wields dustbin as Man United and Leeds fans clash violentlyLeeds fans descend on Manchester as fierce rivals clash in season openerBizarre moment protestor interrupts Gladys' Covid press conferenceRebel Wilson adds a Hermes bag to her designer collectionPolice crack down on hoons doing 'donuts' in their 4WD on a beachSmell The Roses! Britney Spears sniffs pink flower in crop topAnd wildfire activity continues in 15 states across the country.California's Dixie Fire, the states second largest on record, is still spreading across Plumas, Butte, Tehama and Lassen counties and has now scorched more than 463,000 acres.The Dixie blaze is the largest active wildfire in the United States, but one of only 11 major wildfires in California. Over the weekend it surpassed the 2018 Mendocino Complex Fire to make it the second-worst fire in state history, the authorities said.Crews estimate the fire, which began July 13, will not finally be extinguished before August 20.Environmentalist and former US Vice President Al Gore, who has been ringing the alarm on climate change for decades, shared his take on the report to his twitter account: 'The consequences of continuing to spew greenhouse gases into the atmosphere have never been starker. We've seen devastating heatwaves, historic droughts, & wildfires and floods that have wiped out entire towns. Today's @IPCC_CH report shows that this is part of our new normal.'Along with a surge in wildfires, much of the US is experience historic droughts that are draining rivers, lakes and reservoir to nearly bone-dry basins.As of August 3, 39.99 percent of the US and 43.6 percent of the lower 48 states are in drought. Along with a surge in wildfires, much of the US is experience historic droughts that are draining rivers, lakes and reservoir to nearly bone-dry basins. Lake Powell, America's second largest reservoir, hit its lowest level last monthAs of August 3 (pictured), 39.99 percent of the US and 43.6 percent of the lower 48 states are in droughtLake Powell, America's second largest reservoir, hit its lowest level last month since it was first filled fifty years ago amid a climate-fueled drought and increasing demand for water.– It is 'unequivocal' that human activity has warmed the atmosphere, ocean and land – with widespread and rapid changes across the world.– Many of the changes are unprecedented over many centuries to many thousands of years, with the world warming at a rate unprecedented in at least 2,000 years.– Carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere are higher than they have been for three million years and methane concentrations are higher than they have been for 800,000 years, with rises in both greenhouse gases well above natural changes seen for hundreds of thousands of years.– Global average temperatures were nearly 2F (1.1C) higher in the last decade than in pre-industrial times, or the period 1850-1900, driven by emissions caused by human activities such as burning fossil fuels and deforestation.– Human-caused climate change is already affecting many weather and climate extremes in every region around the world, with stronger evidence of more frequent or intense heatwaves, heavy rain, droughts and tropical cyclones and the role humans play in driving the changes.– Humans are very likely the main driver of the global retreat of glaciers, decline in sea ice, warming oceans and rising sea levels. The rate of sea level rise is speeding up.– Global surface temperatures will continue to increase until at least mid-century, and the world will reach or exceed 1.5C of warming over the next 20 years.– Global warming of 2.7F and 3.6 F (1.5C and 2C) – limits countries have committed to in order to avoid the most dangerous impacts of climate change – will be exceeded in the 21st century unless deep reductions in carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions occur in the coming decades.– Continued warming will drive increases in the frequency and intensity of hot extremes, marine heatwaves, heavy rain, droughts in some regions, the proportion of intense tropical cyclones, and reductions in Arctic sea ice, snow cover and permafrost.– Every additional increment of warming causes larger changes in extremes, with every extra 0.5C temperature rises leading to clear increases in the intensity of heatwaves, heavy rain that can cause flooding, and droughts.– Under scenarios for the future with increasing carbon dioxide emissions, the ocean and land carbon sinks such as forests are projected to be less effective at slowing the accumulation of the greenhouse gas in the atmosphere.– Changes to oceans, sea levels and melting permafrost and glaciers are irreversible for decades, centuries or even millennia as a result of past and future warming.– Strong, rapid and sustained reductions in emissions of methane would help curb warming, and would also improve air qualityThe rate at which both Lake Powell and the nearby Lake Mead in Nevada - America's largest reservoir - have drained this year has alarmed scientists and officials.Warnings over the water levels at the key reservoirs come as over 95 percent of the Western US is experiencing drought conditions.US Senator of Vermont, Bernie Sanders, responded to the report by sharing a message on his twitter account: 'The IPCC is telling us what every sane person knows. Unless there is BOLD action to combat climate change, the planet we will be leaving our kids and future generations will be increasingly uninhabitable. Now is the time for action.'The report also confirms that global sea level rise is accelerating. Globally, sea levels rose about 8 inches on average between 1901 and 2018, although the water rose much more in some places, including in some cities on the East Coast and Gulf Coast of the US.'Around North America, relative sea level has increased over the last 3 decades at a rate 39 lower than global mean sea level (GMSL) in the subpolar North Atlantic and in the East Pacific, while it has increased at a rate higher 40 than GMSL in the subtropical North Atlantic,' authors shared in the report.'Observations indicate that episodic coastal flooding is increasing along many coastlines in North America.'Shoreline retreat rates of around 1 m yr–1 41 have been observed during 42 1984–2015 along the sandy coasts of Northwestern North America and Northern Central America, while portions of the United States Gulf Coast have seen a retreat rate approaching 2.5 m yr–1 43.'Sandy shorelines 44 along Eastern North America and Western North America have remained more or less stable during 1984– 2014, but a shoreline progradation rate of around 0.5 m yr–1 45 has been observed in Northeastern North America.'The report also notes heat wave that used to happen only once every 50 years now happens once a decade, and if the world warms another degree Celsius (1.8 degrees Fahrenheit), it will happen twice every seven years.The western US was covered in a heat dome throughout June that rose temperatures above 49C (121F) and killed at least 500 people across Oregon, Washington and up into Canada.More than 30 million Americans in western states were under excessive heat warnings or advisories early July.US Special Presidential Envoy for Climate John Kerry said: 'The impacts of the climate crisis, from extreme heat to wildfires to intense rainfall and flooding, will only continue to intensify unless we choose another course for ourselves and generations to come.' Scientists say this kind of heatwave is a once in a 50 year type of event, but the report from the UN warns scorchers like this will happy every decade if the world warms another degree Celsius (1.8F).Report co-chair Valerie Masson-Delmotte, a climate scientist at France's Laboratory of Climate and Environment Sciences at the University of Paris-Saclay, said in a statement: 'Our report shows that we need to be prepared for going into that level of warming in the coming decades. 'But we can avoid further levels of warming by acting on greenhouse gas emissions.''There is also a way for the world to stay at the 2.7-degree threshold with extreme and quick emission cuts, but even then, temperatures would rise 2.7F (1.5C) in a decade and even beyond, before coming back down, said co-author Maisia Rojas Corrada, director of the Center for Climate and Resilience Research in Chile.'Anything we can do to limit, to slow down, is going to pay off,' Tebaldi said. 'And if we cannot get to 1.5 [2.7F], it's probably going to be painful, but it's better not to give up.'In the report's worst-case scenario, the world could be around 3.3 degrees Celsius (5.9F) hotter than now by the end of the century. But that scenario looks increasingly unlikely, said report co-author and climate scientist Zeke Hausfather, climate change director of the Breakthrough Institute.'We are a lot less likely to get lucky and end up with less warming than we thought,' Hausfather said. 'At the same time, the odds of ending up in a much worse place than we expected if we do reduce our emissions are notably lower.'The sweltering temperatures are being caused by a heat dome of static high-pressure hot air which traps the heat in one locationThe report said ultra-catastrophic disasters — commonly called 'tipping points,' like ice sheet collapses and the abrupt slowdown of ocean currents — are 'low likelihood' but cannot be ruled out. The much talked-about shutdown of Atlantic ocean currents, which would trigger massive weather shifts, is something that's unlikely to happen in this century, report co-author Bob Kopp of Rutgers University saidA 'major advance' in the understanding of how fast the world warms with each ton of carbon dioxide emitted allowed scientists to be far more precise in the scenarios in this report, Mason-Delmotte said.The report said ultra-catastrophic disasters — commonly called 'tipping points,' like ice sheet collapses and the abrupt slowdown of ocean currents — are 'low likelihood' but cannot be ruled out. The much talked-about shutdown of Atlantic ocean currents, which would trigger massive weather shifts, is something that's unlikely to happen in this century, report co-author Bob Kopp of Rutgers University said.Separate work from the University of Arizona Department of Geosciences attributed an increase in sea levels from New York to Newfoundland to the slowing down by 30 percent from 2009 to 2010, as well as unusual wind currents that pushed ocean waters towards the coast. If the ocean currents would come to a halt, winters in the US would become colder and stronger, and water would flow more inland on the east coast. Climate activist Greta Thunberg said the report 'confirms what we already know... that we are in an emergency.''We can still avoid the worst consequences, but not if we continue like today, and not without treating the crisis like a crisis,' she wrote on Twitter.The UN's assessment does not shy away from noting that climate change is because of humans' disregard for the planet in the last few centuries.Humans are 'unequivocally' to blameUN scientists said humanity's damaging impact on the climate was a 'statement of fact', adding that it is 'unequivocal that human influence has warmed the atmosphere, oceans and land'.The authors of the IPCC report considered scenarios where global temperatures increased by 2.7F (1.5C), 3.6F (2C) and 7.2F (4C)and the impact each one would have on mean temperatures and precipitation across EuropeThe report also looked at how these scenarios would affect mean temperatures and precipitation levels in North AmericaHumans are very likely the main driver of the global retreat of glaciers, decline in sea ice, warming oceans and rising sea levels, the report said.It also found that human activity is already responsible for 1.98F (1.1C) of global warming since 1850, while temperatures will continue to increase until at least the middle of this century.Sea level rises are 'irreversible' for hundreds or perhaps thousands of years, the report warned. It 'cannot be ruled out' that sea levels could rise by around 2m by the end of this century and 5m by 2150. This could lead to more flooding, the displacement of millions of people and a loss of land for food growing.The Arctic is likely to be 'practically sea ice-free' in September at least once before 2050, UN scientists said. This is causing animals such as polar bears to suffer because of their shrinking habitat. It is 'virtually certain' that heatwaves, flooding and droughts will become more frequent and intense across the world. Hot extremes have become more prevalent since the 1950s, while cold events have become less frequent and less severe.The Earth's oceans will continue to warm and become more acidic, killing coral reefs and harming infant cod, blue mussels, starfish and sea urchins in particular.Scientists said the world will reach or exceed 2.7F (1.5C) of warming over the next 20 years. US Energy Secretary Jennifer Granholm commented on Monday's report sayin: 'The planet is on fire, and our hair should be on fire about this! We need to move faster to deploy, deploy, deploy clean energy and make our communities more resilient.'Weather will become more extremeHuman-caused climate change is already affecting many weather and climate extremes in every region around the world, the landmark report said, with stronger evidence of more frequent or intense heatwaves, heavy rain, droughts and tropical cyclones and the role humans play in driving the changes.Heatwaves, flooding and droughts will only become more frequent and intense, the UN scientists warned.Severe heatwaves that happened only once every 50 years are now happening roughly once a decade, while most land areas are seeing more rain or snowfall in a year and severe droughts are happening 1.7 times as often.Arctic summers may soon be free of iceThe Arctic is likely to be 'practically sea ice-free' in September at least once before 2050, according to the IPCC's most optimistic scenario.The region is the fastest-warming area of the globe — at least twice as fast as the global average.While Arctic sea ice levels vary throughout the year, the average lows during summer have been decreasing since the 1970s and are now at their lowest levels in 1,000 years. This melting creates a feedback loop, with reflective ice giving way to darker water that absorbs solar radiation, causing even more warming.Sea level rises are 'irreversible'Scientists warned that a rise in sea levels approaching six feet by the end of this century 'cannot be ruled out', adding that these changes would be 'irreversible' for hundreds to thousands of years.Warming in the polar regions is not only melting sea ice but also causing thermal expansion, where the water expands as sea temperatures rise. Both of these phenomena are factors in rising sea levels.If they keep rising as fast as they are then coastal regions and islands could be flooded or left underwater, leading to the displacement of millions of people and the loss of land for food growing.The report 'provides a strong sense of urgency to do even more,' said Jane Lubchenco, the White House deputy science adviser.This graphic from the UN report shows scientists' prediction of future emissions including CO2, methane and nitrous oxideHuman activity is already responsible for 1.1C of global warming since 1850, while temperatures will continue to increase until at least the middle of this century. The temperature changes from human influence, including greenhouse gas emissions, aerosols, land-use changes and aviation vapor trails are shown aboveIn a new move, scientists emphasized how cutting airborne levels of methane — a powerful but short-lived gas that has soared to record levels — could help curb short-term warming. Lots of methane the atmosphere comes from leaks of natural gas, a major power source. Livestock also produces large amounts of the gas, a good chunk of it in cattle burps.More than 100 countries have made informal pledges to achieve 'net zero' human-caused carbon dioxide emissions sometime around mid-century, which will be a key part of climate negotiations this fall in Scotland. As for the US, President Joe Biden promised to rejoin the Paris Agreement earlier this year and set a course for the United States to tackle the climate crisis at home and abroad, reaching net zero emissions economy-wide no later than 2050. The report said those commitments are essential.'It is still possible to forestall many of the most dire impacts,' said IPCC Vice Chair Ko Barrett, senior climate adviser for the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. NSW announces increase in fines for breaking public health ordersNSW records 466 new locally transmitted cases of Covid-19Thug wields dustbin as Man United and Leeds fans clash violentlyLeeds fans descend on Manchester as fierce rivals clash in season openerBizarre moment protestor interrupts Gladys' Covid press conferenceRebel Wilson adds a Hermes bag to her designer collectionPolice crack down on hoons doing 'donuts' in their 4WD on a beachSmell The Roses! Britney Spears sniffs pink flower in crop topThe Paris Agreement on Climate Change has four main goals with regards to reducing emissions:1)  A long-term goal of keeping the increase in global average temperature to well below 3.6F (2°C) above pre-industrial levels2) To aim to limit the increase to 2.7F (1.5°C), since this would significantly reduce risks and the impacts of climate change3) Governments agreed on the need for global emissions to peak as soon as possible, recognizing that this will take longer for developing countries4) To undertake rapid reductions thereafter in accordance with the best available scienceSource: European Commission
374	0	"The US President is still raging about an article in The Atlantic that said he had skipped a trip to a World War I cemetery in France because he was afraid rain might mess up his hair. But claims that he called dead US soldiers ""losers"" and ""suckers"" sound exactly like the kind of thing he would say -- and after making more than 20,000 false or misleading claims in office, his denials are cheap.CNN has corroborated some aspects of the story, including that the President spoke in derogatory terms about US soldiers who had been killed. His loyalists, like former spokeswoman Sarah Sanders, are taking to TV to defend the President -- but they've got their own credibility issues. Sanders, for example, has already admitted lying to the press. Officials and retired military brass who do have the gravitas to absolve Trump, like former White House chief of staff Gen. John Kelly, who lost a son in Afghanistan, have been pointedly silent.It wouldn't be the first time that the 45th President, who skipped out of serving in the Vietnam War due to bone spurs, spurned American soldiers and even war heroes. His life in business and politics shows no ethos for public service and self-sacrifice, which is why parts of the Atlantic story ring so true: At Arlington National Cemetery outside Washington, where more than 400,000 former service personnel are interred, Trump reportedly told Kelly, ""I don't get it. What was in it for them?"" at his son Robert's grave.But what does this mean for the election? It's hard to believe anyone in America is still undecided about whether Trump's character quirks will sway their vote. Certainly, his fans will pass off the story as more ""fake news."" But Trump is trailing Joe Biden and with tens of millions of veterans and military families across the country, insulting the armed forces could hurt his chances in swing states, where a few thousand votes could decide the fate of the presidency.And remember: Trump isn't just running to be President -- he will also be America's commander in chief if he wins a second term. In that case, he'll have some repair work to do across the river at the Pentagon.'White supremacist extremists will remain the most persistent and lethal threat in the Homeland'White supremacists are expected to be the greatest violent threat to America through the next year, according to a draft assessment by the Department of Homeland Security, first published by Lawfare. CNN's Geneva Sands reports that the report's lead section on terrorism was changed in two later drafts to replace ""white supremacist extremists"" with ""Domestic Violent Extremists presenting the most persistent and lethal threat."" All drafts, however, contained this language: ""Among DVEs [Domestic Violent Extremists], we judge that white supremacist extremists (WSEs) will remain the most persistent and lethal threat in the Homeland through 2021."" Lawfare editor-in-chief Benjamin Wittes said he published the documents because he wanted to create a record of how the threat was originally assessed, compared with the final draft that will be released. The revelations came as Trump seeks to portray US cities as under siege from looters, anarchists and left wing ""terrorist"" mobs.Warning signs on the West Coast2020 has been rough everywhere. But Californians have had it tougher than most.The Golden State is beset by two record crises — a once-in-a century pandemic and the worst wildfires ever. Each may be exacerbating the other, and the worst is yet to come: The fires have already torched 2.2 million acres — more than 2% of the state — and peak burn season hasn't even begun.California is hardly well-positioned to order mass evacuations or put citizens in crowded shelters: It has recorded more coronavirus cases than any other state — more than 740,000 — and has lost more than 13,700 residents to the virus. But it has little choice — the uncontrolled 80,000-acre Creek Fire has forced the evacuation of an entire town and parts of several communities. In Sierra National Forest, hundreds of people (and their dogs) had to be airlifted in dramatic helicopter rescues. Social distancing can't be the first priority for firefighters, who work in groups and come into contact with many different people. Fighting the fires has also been complicated in many areas by the early release of prisoners to avoid coronavirus transmission in jails — in previous years, inmate firefighting teams were a key force multiplier.California is paying the price for climate change, like Australia earlier this year. Warmer weather, droughts and longer dry seasons mean the vegetation that fuels fires is more prone to bursting into flame, rapid burning and bigger blazes. While Covid-19 will one day be a bad memory, the interwoven threats looming over Californians this summer bode ill for America's most populous state."
571	3	We all have heard about the disastrous effects of climate change, but some have yet to take action because they have not experienced it firsthand.Now, a new app called After Ice has harnessed the power of geolocation, augmented reality (AR) and gathered NASA data to show users exactly how their city will look after the ice melts.The app reveals how many feet of water is predicted for your location with a stream of sea water floating across the screen – bubbles and fish will also swim past.Scroll down for videos After Ice has harnessed the power of geolocation, augmented reality (AR) and gathered NASA data to show users exactly how their city will look after the ice melts. It was released in honor of Earth Day on SaturdayAfter Ice was released to the Apple Store this week in honor of Earth Day on Saturday, but a New York-based artists also wanted to help the public 'visualize what is happening to the planet'.After Ice lets users see NASA climate projects in an augmented world through their mobile phones – and are presented with two different scenarios.The first highlights what would happen if all of the ice on the planet were to melt – an effect that is said to occur far down the road.And the other shows what could happen in the not so distant future- in 2080.To see how your city would be affected, simply download After Ice in the App Store and snap photos of the area around you.The app will share how many feet of water is predicted for your location and a augmented reality stream of sea water will flow across the top of the screen – bubbles and fish will also swim past.After Ice was released to the Apple Store this week in honor of Earth Day on Saturday by a New York-based artist who wanted to help the public 'visualize what is happening to the planet'.'We have a serious disconnect from important existential issues like global warming and melting glaciers,' said Justin Brice Guariglia.'Glaciers live a world away, and in a temporal and spatial scale that evolution has not prepare us to understand.''As an artist interested in the existential, and feeling a great sense of urgency, I felt compelled to make this accessible.'After Ice lets users see NASA climate projects in an augmented world through their mobile phones – and are presented with two different scenarios.The first highlights what would happen if all of the ice on the planet were to melt – an effect that is said to occur far down the road.Guariglia noted that 'if the earth continues to warm, and all the ice melts, there will be over 263 feet of projected sea level rise'.And the other shows what could happen in the not so distant future- in 2080.'According to the latest projections, the seas will rise by over 6ft (2m) by the 2080s. That's within the lifespan of children alive today,' he shared.'Sea levels have already climbed more than 27 cm in New York City and 38.5 cm along the New Jersey coast just in the 20th century.However, these rates are expected to exceed the global average of up to two feet because 'the East Coast is slowly sinking', explained NASA.And Guariglia used New York City as a test case for the app.Users can also read an explanations of the imminent threat the Big Apple faces as its 8.4 million residents would be a risk once climate change is in full effect.According to the latest projections, the seas will rise by over 6ft (2m) by the 2080s*†. That's within the lifespan of children alive today.  After Ice was in honor of Earth Day by a New York-based artists who also wanted to help the public 'visualize what is happening to the planet' In a new book entitled 'New York 2140,' author Kim Stanley Robinson supposes that climate scientists will be surprised by how quickly the world's ice sheets will shrink and sea levels will rise. His novel explores how civilization might nonetheless muddle through to remake this reshaped world. In Robinson's future, he writes that melting ice sheets will lead to an overall 50 feet (15.24 meters) sea level rise by 2140. The submerged streets of Lower Manhattan have turned into canals, crisscrossed by pedestrian high lines. Vaporettos have replaced taxis. Skyscrapers whose bases have fallen beneath the waves are protected by nanodiamond coatings and powered by solar microgrids. Retreat has occurred mainly from the intertidal zone of Midtown Manhattan, where the forces of the daily tidal cycle wreak havoc on structural integrity. On the dry land surrounding the Cloisters, far uptown, carbon nanomaterials originally intended for space elevators allow new buildings on the shrunken island to reach hundreds of stories upward. Airships are steered by chatty but rule-bound AIs, and communications take place by tablet, with celebrities broadcasting live feeds of real-world adventures through the cloud.However, although the app warns of the dangers, it also shares tips on what users can do to stop climate change.To see how your city would be affected, simply download After Ice in the App Store and snap photos of the area around you.The app will share how many feet of water is predicted for your location and a augmented reality stream of sea water will flow across the top of the screen – bubbles and fish will also swim past.'We warm the earth, the glaciers melt, and we go under water… Global warming is happening, however it needs to be emotionally felt before people will want to take action,' Guariglia explained.'I hope this app will at the very least get a conversation going and get some of the science out of the lab, and into people hands.'
899	1	"President Biden sits with his eyes closed, appearing to sleep during an opening speech at COP26 in Glasgow, ScotlandAmazon founder Jeff Bezos flew his private jet to Glasgow, Scotland, for a United Nations summit aimed at cutting global greenhouse gas emissions, photos obtained by Fox News reveal. Scores of high-rollers from around the world took private planes into Glasgow over the weekend for the COP26 summit, including Bezos, who has repeatedly claimed climate change is the ""biggest threat"" to the planet.       Jeff Bezos's private jet pictured at a Glasgow airport ahead of the 2021 United Nations Climate Change Conference.      (The Mega Agency )Bezos's jet has been valued in the neighborhood of $65 million. The Amazon founder also met with Charles, Prince of Wales, on Sunday to discuss the importance of fighting climate change.       Jeff Bezos's private jet (left) pictured at a Glasgow airport ahead of the 2021 United Nations Climate Change Conference      (The Mega Agency )""The Prince of Wales has been involved in fighting climate change and protecting our beautiful world far longer than most,"" Bezos tweeted.""We had a chance to discuss these important issues on the eve of #COP26 — looking for solutions to heal our world, and how the @BezosEarthFund can help,"" he added.Critics on social media assailed summit attendees for choosing to utilize private jets for traveling to a climate event. Bezos is far from the only climate hawk to indulge in private airfare. President Biden's climate czar, John Kerry, has a family jet despite the fact that such planes are notoriously bad for the environment. Kerry even took a private jet to Iceland in 2019 to receive the Arctic Circle award for climate leadership. Kerry defended his high-pollution ride at the time, calling it ""the only choice for somebody like me who is traveling the world to win this battle"" in an interview obtained by Fox News.Fox News' Sam Dorman contributed reporting "
450	5	"Fifty-one billion and zero - the two numbers Bill Gates says you need to know about climate.Solving climate change would be ""the most amazing thing humanity has ever done"", says the billionaire founder of Microsoft.By comparison, ending the pandemic is ""very, very easy"", he claims.Mr Gates's new book, How to Avoid a Climate Disaster, is a guide to tackling global warming.Don't underestimate the scale of the challenge, he told me when we spoke last week. ""We've never made a transition like we're talking about doing in the next 30 years. There is no precedent for this.""Fifty-one billion is how many tonnes of greenhouse gases the world typically adds to the atmosphere each year.Net zero is where we need to get to. This means cutting emissions to a level where any remaining greenhouse gas releases are balanced out by absorbing an equivalent amount from the atmosphere. One way to do this is by planting trees, which soak up CO2 through their leaves.Mr Gates' focus is on how technology can help us make that journey.Renewable sources like wind and solar can help us decarbonise electricity but, as Mr Gates points out, that's less than 30% of total emissions.We are also going to have to decarbonise the other 70% of the world economy - steel, cement, transport systems, fertiliser production and much, much more.We simply don't have ways of doing that at the moment for many of these sectors.The answer, says Mr Gates, will be an innovation effort on a scale the world has never seen before.This has to start with governments, he argues.At the moment, the economic system doesn't price in the real cost of using fossil fuels. Most users don't pay anything for the damage to the environment done by pollution from the petrol in their car or the coal or gas that created the electricity in their home. ""Right now, you don't see the pain you're causing as you emit carbon dioxide,"" is how Mr Gates puts it.That's why he says governments have to intervene. ""We need to have price signals to tell the private sector that we want green products,"" he says. That is going to require a huge investment by governments in research and development, Mr Gates argues, as well as support to allow the market for new products and technologies to grow, thereby helping drive down prices.Yet Mr Gates was famous for arguing that regulation stifled innovation when he was building Microsoft into the multi-billion-dollar behemoth it is now. So isn't it a bit rich for him now to demand government intervention?  He replies he has always supported ""the basic role of government in terms of roads and justice and education and scientific research"".And, on the climate issue, he maintains it will be impossible to avoid a disaster, particularly for those who live near the equator, without governments around the world getting behind the effort.The Republican Party in America needs to recognise the importance of tackling climate change, says Mr Gates.This needs to be a ""constant 30-year push"", he maintains. ""Business just can't change all that physical infrastructure unless the market signals are constant and very clear.""Simply consuming less stuff - fewer flights, local food, less electricity and gas - won't solve the problem.  ""India is going to build housing for their people, provide lighting at night, air conditioning to make conditions liveable,"" Mr Gates believes, so global demand will not reduce.He argues political action is more important, demanding government do the right thing, and, using our voices as consumers, insisting the same of companies.""If you buy an electric car, a hamburger made of a meat substitute, an electric heat pump for your home you are helping increase the production of these products and therefore helping drive prices down.""Mr Gates still enjoys the trappings of the billionaire lifestyle.   He uses private jets, but insists that they are powered by biofuels - aviation fuels made from plant products.""I pay three times as much now for my aviation fuel, you know, over $7m [Â£5m] a year in all my offset spending."" And he has joined a Â£3bn bidding war to buy one of the world's largest private jet services companies, a business called Signature Aviation.Is that appropriate when you've just written a book telling the world how to avoid a climate disaster?""I don't think getting rid of flying would make sense,"" he replies. ""That type of brute force technique won't get us there.""He says the answer has to be ""a type of aviation fuel that doesn't cost much extra and is zero emission and that's got to be biofuels or electric fuels or perhaps using green hydrogen to power the plane"".Mr Gates has become something of a bogeyman for coronavirus conspiracy theorists.He has been accused of everything from concocting the virus in a secret laboratory as part of a project by global elites to depopulate the world, to using vaccinations to implant microchips in people to track and control them.He laughs when asked about this.""Why would I want to track people? You know, I'm just not that interested in where people are going.""The main focus for his huge charitable efforts to date has been tackling health issues in developing countries. He tells me he is used to people getting bored when he talks about tuberculosis and malaria at cocktail parties, so this is a real change from what he calls ""the normal obscurity of working on infectious disease"".But he says he was worried that speaking out on climate might attract similar controversy.  ""I don't want to dilute my voice on issues like polio eradication or malaria,"" Mr Gates explains, but says he felt this was the right time to publish his plan for tackling climate change.  He says he wants his ideas to feed into the green stimulus packages being proposed around the world and to be discussed in the run-up to the crucial climate conference the UK is hosting in Glasgow in November this year. We are at a crucial point in the climate debate, Mr Gates believes.He describes the young generation as having a ""moral conviction"" that they have to be involved in bringing change on the issue.  ""Now we have to take that energy and make sure it's directed at the policies that will make a difference,"" he argues.But it isn't going to be easy, he warns. This has to continue to be a huge priority for the world year in, year out.The hope is ""we get a bit lucky"" and succeed in developing innovative new technologies that really do solve the hard areas, he says.But he is optimistic that we can still avoid the worst effects of climate change.  ""You know, I've seen many times, innovation surprises us in a positive way.""Follow Justin on Twitter.I've travelled all over the world for the BBC and seen evidence of environmental damage and climate change everywhere. It's the biggest challenge humanity has ever faced. Tackling it means changing how we do virtually everything. We are right to be anxious and afraid at the prospect, but I reckon we should also see this as a thrilling story of exploration, and I'm delighted to have been given the chance of a ringside seat as chief environment correspondent."
332	5	The progressive think-tank Common Wealth has published a 10-point Green New Deal plan for the United Kingdom to transform public finance and tackle the climate emergency.In a report released on Thursday the British advocacy organisation – in conjunction with parliament members, activists, and policymakers – calls for an investment overhaul to decarbonise the economy and create millions of new jobs. The group hopes to create 100 percent renewable energy, an improved public transportation system, and zero-carbon housing for all.“A UK Green New Deal is vital to our future, and to the future of the 1.4 million young people who have joined inspiring school climate strikes across the globe,” said UK Green Party MP Caroline Lucas.She called the new vision an “economic plan for a rapid transition”.In 2008, Lucas was one of the authors of the seminal UK Green New Deal, the first comprehensive climate proposal in Britain to use such branding. The new blueprint builds upon the document published by the Green New Deal Group over a decade ago. Global members in the Green Party had initially coined the idea of a Green New Deal in 2006, which was then adopted by British activists and the United Nations Environment Programme. Then, Green Party candidates in the United States included the concept in their political platforms. Subsequently, US Democrats in 2018 began popularising the term further – coinciding with an explosion of climate justice proposals. “Ten years on from the original UK Green New Deal I was proud to be a part of, a transformation of our economy towards sustainability and justice is more urgent than ever,” Lucas said.“We must reject the false dichotomy of economics and climate change mitigation,” she added, saying that the proposal would “provide a future with good jobs and clean energy for all”.The UK’s main opposition Labour party has been calling for a Green New Deal, and this proposal outlines what form that might take.“The time for incrementalism has passed,” said Clive Lewis, a Labour MP for Norwich South. “The climate emergency demands an emergency response – a bold, government-led action.”“Labour is committed to rewriting the Treasury rulebooks to green all future public investment and deliver a Green Industrial Revolution,” Lewis added. “This report sets out exactly the kind of ambition our politics needs in the face of climate crisis.”Matthew Lawrence, the plan’s author and the director of Common Wealth, said he believes the climate crisis is, in fact, a “political crisis” that can be solved only by “the movements and communities on the front line of change”.An independent think-tank that has been influential in the formation of the UK left’s recent economic ideas, Common Wealth is backed by the European Climate Foundation and seeks to pass aggressive new climate legislation at the national level.“Things are actually a lot worse than they were 10 years ago,” Lawrence told Al Jazeera. “Cumulatively, there’s a lot more carbon in the air.”He said the plan should be funded by taxation – on wealth, pollution, and carbon-intense activity – as well as by government borrowing and private financing.“The more we frontload investment now, the cheaper it will be for consumers later on,” said Lawrence, describing the new sense of urgency that has led to a groundswell of global public support for ambitious climate proposals.Things are actually a lot worse than they were 10 years ago. Cumulatively, there's a lot more carbon in the air.Matthew Lawrence, Common Wealth“This is a daunting collective project, but ultimately a hopeful one,” Lawrence added. “We can build a future that is democratic, equal and sustainable for all.”“Now we need the political ambition to match the scale of emergency confronting us,” he said, describing the collective challenge as “our greatest ever”.The plan says annual investment over the next decade to reach the goal of net-zero carbon emissions by 2050 could amount to three to five percent of the gross domestic product.The target is to reduce emissions by 45 percent from 2010 levels by 2030, to prevent a temperature rise of over 1.5 degrees Celsius.Rebecca Newsom, an activist with Greenpeace UK, said that the “existential threat of climate change can and must be turned into an opportunity to restructure our entire economy if we’re to make the most of this moment and reverse the injustices of poverty and social inequality.”“From warmer homes to more renewables, a sustainable food system and much more, this report helps illustrate what some of these solutions could look like, and the route needed to get there,” Newsom added, referring to building efficiency standards and a more ecological way to feed people.The plan contains details about scaling back meat and dairy consumption, as well as air travel. It demands “ambitious electric vehicle transformation, scaling down of private car travel”.It also points to carbon sinks and reforestation as ways of keeping down levels of greenhouse gases. In addition, Common Wealth’s proposal calls for a sharp reduction in waste and a major increase in recycling.
844	5	"Agriculture industries must work together to reduce the effects of global warming, climate change experts say.  About half New Zealand's greenhouse gas emissions come from agriculture, with methane from ruminant animals like sheep and cattle the biggest contributor.  But that doesn't mean industries such as forestry and horticulture should be exempt from the fight.  Through the Paris Agreement, countries around the world are trying to keep global warming to 2 degrees Celsius above what the temperature was in the pre-industrial years. READ MORE: * Climate change blame game only stalls progress * Climate change report a wake-up call for NZ farming * Agriculture is not the villain when it comes to New Zealand's emissions The challenge for farmers would be to maintain their food production while mitigating their emissions of methane, guests at the New Zealand Agriculture Climate Change Conference heard in Palmerston North this week. New Zealand's farmers are ahead of the game, producing almost twice the milk and meat per kilogram of carbon dioxide than the world average, but almost 50 per cent of the country's emissions are from agriculture and a small population.   If greenhouse gas emissions were measured against a country's food production, rather than population, New Zealand would be one of the good guys. But, it's not. And that's why farmers like Anders Crofoot​ are offsetting their emissions by dedicating parts of their farmland to planting forests.  The American businessman moved to New Zealand in 1998, where his family bought Castlepoint Station in Wairarapa.  Reducing emissions could be achieved by changing attitudes, such as planting trees on land unfit for livestock. Not only would this offset emissions generated on the farm, but it provided erosion control and income diversification.  Dairy processing company Synlait has clients overseas demanding products farmed sustainably. Its spokesman Hamish Reid said they were even willing to pay more for it.  In response, the Canterbury company rewarded sustainable farmers with bonuses in their milk payouts.   Beef and Lamb New Zealand's environment spokeswoman Victoria Lamb said farming was the backbone of New Zealand, and combating global warming wasn't as simple as shutting farms and replacing them with forests.  ""There's a lot of people that come to see the fluffy sheep. Everything goes in, everything comes out. Sheep numbers have halved since 1980, but production has increased.""  The company is holding workshops around the country for farmers who wanted to create a farm environment plan. Part of this would be measuring the farm's greenhouse gas emissions and carbon footprint."
588	5	Global carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions still need to decrease tenfold to avoid a climate emergency, scientists warn, despite a global fall in 2020 due to Covid-19.An international team of experts has performed a 'global stocktake' of humanity's progress towards the Paris Agreement – which aims to keep the global average temperature rise to well below 3.6ºF (2°C), compared to pre-industrial levels.They found global CO2 emissions fell by around 2.6 billion tonnes in 2020, a decrease of about 7 per cent from 2019 levels. This fall – the largest decrease observed to date – was due to reduced human activity under the lockdowns intended to curb the spread of coronavirus. While 2020 has been an effective 'pause button' as far as CO2 emissions are concerned, Covid-19 alone would not result in the required long-term emission reductions, even if lockdowns lasted the rest of the decade.  Strategies such as the large scale deployment of renewable energy and completely phasing coal and other fossil fuels worldwide will be necessary, the authors say. Global CO2 emissions declined sharply in 2020, but with a rebound expected in 2021 efforts must be intensified if the world is to reach the targets of the Paris Climate Agreement. Completing phasing out coal and other fossil fuels worldwide will be needed. Pictured, oil refineries polling the air in Corpus Christi, Texas The climate emergency is 'a situation in which urgent action is required to reduce or halt climate change and avoid potentially irreversible environmental damage resulting from it', as defined by Oxford Dictionaries. The term was declared the 'word of the year' by Oxford Dictionaries after its usage soared by over 10,000 per cent in 2019.  The UK declared a climate emergency for the national government and devolved administrations of Scotland and Wales in May 2019.It was largely a symbolic move in recognition of urgency needed to combat the climate crisis.The motion did not change the government’s legally binding targets under international accords.  In Britain, there is steady progress – last year we set a record-breaking run without coal-generated power and generated more electricity from renewable sources than from fossil fuels for the first time. However, more countries need cut their CO2 emissions from the burning of fossil fuels to stem the 'climate emergency', which eventually could manifest itself as flooded coastal cities, unbearable temperatures and irreparable damage to ecosystems. The new research, which is based on multiple studies and recent monthly energy data, has been conducted by experts at the University of East Anglia (UEA), Stanford University and the Global Carbon Project. 'Countries' efforts to cut CO2 emissions since the Paris Agreement are starting to pay off,' said Professor Corinne Le Quéré, Royal Society Professor at UEA's School of Environmental Sciences.'But actions are not large-scale enough yet and emissions are still increasing in way too many countries.'The drop in CO2 emissions from responses to Covid-19 highlights the scale of actions and of international adherence needed to tackle climate change.'The authors analysed emissions trends in different countries since the adoption of the Paris Climate Agreement in 2015, accounting for the massive changes caused by coronavirus, as well as pre-pandemic. In order to sustain decreases in global CO2 emissions, strategies such as the large scale deployment of renewable energy (such as solar panels, pictured) and disinvestment in fossil-fuel infrastructure worldwide will be necessary, the authors sayWhile emissions decreased in 64 countries, they increased in 150 countries between 2016 and 2019 – and also increased worldwide overall. CO2 emissions decreased by 0.16 billion tonnes on average each year among the 64 countries where emissions decreased.  This is a tenth of the 1 billion to 2 billion tonne cuts needed at the global level to meet the Paris Agreement climate goals. Globally, emissions grew by 0.21 billion tonnes of CO2 per year between 2016 and 2019, compared to 2011 and 2015.    Results also revealed that in the group of high-income countries, emissions had declined by 0.8 per cent per year on average since the Paris Agreement, with a further decrease of 9 per cent in 2020 due to Covid-19. Photo from last year shows climate protest placards in front of the Reichstag building, home of the German federal parliament, in Berlin, Germany In June 2020, Britain completed a record-breaking run without coal-fired power.The run came to an end on June 16, after 67 days, 22 hours and 55 minutes since April 9.This made it the longest run without coal for Britain since 1882, when the world’s first coal-fired power station, the Edison Electric Light Station, opened in London. The coal-free run ended due to a coal power unit running tests after essential maintenance at Drax power station in north Yorkshire, which added some power to the grid. By the time it ended, the coal-free run had far outstripped the previous record for the length of time Britain had gone without the fossil fuel – 18 days, 6 hours and 10 minutes, set in June 2019.This record was broken at 6:10am BST April 28 2020 - but the run kept on going until June. Britain is steadily turning away from carbon-belching sources of energy generation - most notably coal and gas. Two coal-powered plants were retired at the end of March 2020 after they burned all their remaining fuel.There are just three coal plants left in Britain, including Drax's coal unit in North Yorkshire that is set to close in March 2021.    Of the 36 high-income countries, 25 saw their emissions decrease during 2016 and 2019 compared to 2011 and 2015, including the US (-0.7 per cent), the EU (-0.9 per cent) and the UK (-3.6 per cent). Emissions decreased even when accounting for the carbon footprint of imported goods produced in other countries. In the group of upper-middle-income countries, growth in emissions had also slowed by 0.8 per cent per year since 2015, but declined by 5 per cent in 2020. In this category, 33 out of 99 saw their emissions decrease between 2016 and 2019 compared to between 2011 and 2015. Mexico (-1.3 per cent) was a notable example in that group, while China's emissions increased 0.4 per cent, which was at least an improvement on the 6.2 per cent annual growth of between 2011 and 2015. Lastly, in the group of lower income countries, emissions had been increasing by 4.5 per cent per year since 2015, and decreased by 9 per cent in 2020. Looking to a 'post-Covid-19 era', global annual reductions of somewhere between 1 billion and 2 billion tonnes of CO2 per year are essential throughout the 2020s and beyond.Only this will be the key to limiting global warming to well below 3.6ºF, in line with the Paris Agreement.         Unless the Covid-19 recovery directs investments in clean energy and the green economy, emissions will likely start increasing again within a few years, the study authors warn.Governments should hasten the large-scale deployment of electric vehicles and encourage walking and cycling in cities, they say.  Not only would this cut emissions from diesel and petrol vehicles, but it would also improve public health.'Now we need large-scale actions that are good for human health and good for the planet,' said Professor Le Quéré. 'It is in everyone's best interests to build back better to speed the urgent transition to clean energy.' The study, which has been published today in Nature Climate Change, comes ahead of the 26th annual United Nations Climate Change Conference, also known as COP26, which will be held in Glasgow in November. COP26 was delayed from November last year due to Covid-19.   'The growing commitments by countries to reach net zero emissions within decades strengthens the climate ambition needed at COP26 in Glasgow,' said study co-author Professor Rob Jackson of Stanford University.'Greater ambition is now backed by leaders of the three biggest emitters – China, the US and the European Commission.'Commitments alone aren't enough. Countries need to align post-Covid incentives with climate targets this decade, based on sound science and credible implementation plans.'    The Paris Agreement, which was first signed in 2015, is an international agreement to control and limit climate change.It hopes to hold the increase in the global average temperature to below 2°C (3.6ºF) 'and to pursue efforts to limit the temperature increase to 1.5°C (2.7°F)'.It seems the more ambitious goal of restricting global warming to 1.5°C (2.7°F) may be more important than ever, according to previous research which claims 25 per cent of the world could see a significant increase in drier conditions.In June 2017, President Trump announced his intention for the US, the second largest producer of greenhouse gases in the world, to withdraw from the agreement.  The Paris Agreement on Climate Change has four main goals with regards to reducing emissions:1)  A long-term goal of keeping the increase in global average temperature to well below 2°C above pre-industrial levels2) To aim to limit the increase to 1.5°C, since this would significantly reduce risks and the impacts of climate change3) Goverments agreed on the need for global emissions to peak as soon as possible, recognising that this will take longer for developing countries4) To undertake rapid reductions thereafter in accordance with the best available scienceSource: European Commission
270	4	"When Typhoon Vamco battered the Philippines in November last year, unleashing a month's worth of rain on the capital Manila in less than 24 hours, Mitzi Jonelle Tan was on her way home from work. Her mother, scared for Tan's safety as roads flooded, warned her not to come back.That was the last she heard from her mother for three days.""We had no electricity, we barely had any cellular signal,"" said Tan, who stayed with a friend during the storm as people clambered onto rooftops to escape two-storey high floodwaters. ""I had no idea if my mom was OK, if I had a home to come home to.""Like most Filipinos, Tan is no stranger to devastating cyclones — Typhoon Goni, one of the strongest storms ever recorded, barely missed Metro Manila and its 13 million residents when it made landfall just two weeks earlier. But Tan, co-founder of Youth Advocates for Climate Action Philippines, also carries a mental burden: She knows such storms will grow stronger as the planet heats up.""Even today, without runaway climate change, we're already suffering,"" said Tan, a 22-year-old math graduate who remembers helping her parents scoop floodwater out of the house as a child and weeks of doing homework by candlelight when storms cut off electricity. ""I have fears of drowning in my own bedroom when I hear another typhoon is coming.""The emotional toll of climate change is often made worse by an existential debate riddled with misinformation: Just how much can society take before it breaks down?Before Tan reaches the age of her mother, who is 58, sea levels will have risen so high that coastal floods that used to strike once a century will swamp Manila and dozens of other cities every single year. Wildfires that smother towns in the US and Australia with choking smoke will feast on plants dried to a crisp by hotter, longer heatwaves. At least one-quarter of the ice in the Hindu Kush Himalayas will have melted, raising tensions for 1.5 billion people who already rely on its rivers for water in three countries armed with nuclear weapons: India, China and Pakistan.Groups like the Deep Adaptation Forum — an online support group for 12,000 people — believe climate-fueled societal breakdown is ""inevitable, likely or already unfolding."" Their claims have tapped into a wider public fear that collapse is on the cards.A YouGov poll at the start of the coronavirus pandemic found that three in 10 US adults think there will be an apocalyptic disaster within their lifetime. A separate poll of five countries in 2019 found that more than half of respondents in France, Italy, the UK and the US think civilization as they know it will collapse in years to come. In Germany that figure was slightly lower, at 39%.Tan said she cried ""night after night"" upon reading reports that world leaders are likely to miss their target of keeping warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius this century. ""For a time, I lost hope, thinking: Is everything really just impossible now?""Despite widespread fears, no peer-reviewed research finds that the breakdown of society or the collapse of civilization is likely, let alone inevitable. Scientists used to debunking myths from climate deniers say they must also fight off claims of collapse that hinge on distorted science.Still, climate disasters could disrupt politics in some regions enough that ""the glue that holds society together doesn't work very well anymore,"" said Michael Oppenheimer, a professor of geosciences at the University of Princeton. ""But that's where we're getting into the realm of things that are unpredictable.""""We know that we won't be fine, but there's a lot of space between fine and doomed,"" said Jacquelyn Gill, an associate professor of Paleoecology at the University of Maine's Climate Change Institute. ""That space is our greatest asset because it allows us to choose our future.""In December, 250 people from a range of mostly academic backgrounds signed an open letter that described the collapse of civilization as a credible scenario this century. ""It's not a scientific position, it's a philosophical one,"" said Raphael Stevens, an independent researcher who helped draft the letter. ""To avoid [collapse], we have to talk about it.""Climate scientists are experts in the physical phenomena, ""but who has the expertise about what those physical changes are going to cause to happen in the world?"" asked Margaret Klein Salamon, a clinical psychologist and activist who has written a self-help book about the climate emergency.""The burden of proof is assumed to be with the collapsologists,"" said Salamon, ""but I would like to see proof that 1 billion people can be refugees and not have that collapse."" She was referring to a widely publicized report in September that claimed 1.2 billion people will become climate refugees by 2050.But migration experts from three organizations told DW the report misused data by summing snapshots of internal displacement to arrive at an exaggerated figure of cross-border migration. The Institute for Economics and Peace, the think tank behind the study, quietly deleted a graph with the incorrect analysis but did not retract the estimate.""The figure itself, to put it pretty politely, is fiction,"" said Sarah Nash, a political scientist at the University of Natural Resources and Life Sciences in Vienna.The prospect of collapse has forced scientists and activists to confront a practical question: Does talking about climate change in extreme terms inspire people to act urgently or push them deep into despair?""Doom-mongering, ironically, is one way to disengage us,"" said Michael Mann, a climate scientist at Penn State University who argues in a new book that it has overtaken denial as a threat to the climate. ""If we are led to believe it's too late to do anything, then why do anything?""Yet while hope is often held up as the best motivator of action, research has shown that anger and fear are also powerful drivers of change — if people feel they can shape their lives. In March, a study in the Journal of Climate Change and Health found that people who felt angry about climate change were more likely to take part in collective action than those who felt anxious about it, and report better mental health than those who feel depressed by it. ""We don't want people to be hopeful, we want people to be angry and we want people to act,"" said Tan.Some people warning of collapse are ""obviously channeling their anxieties into action and raising awareness, but they're not the majority of voters,"" added Gill, from the University of Maine, who has increasingly received emails from young people feeling hopeless, depressed and even suicidal because of alarmist claims.""I'm not going to grieve a planet whose obituary hasn't been published yet."""
90	3	Coffee could become more bland tasting in the future as rising temperatures due to climate change could result in less intense varieties of beans, scientists have warned.A team from the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research (PIK) created computer simulations to examine the effects of 'climatic' factors on coffee growing areas in Ethiopia, the largest producer in Africa.They found that changes in temperature, rainfall and length of seasons could quality and rich tasting beans more scarce, but bland beans more plentiful. As growers make more out of the higher grade versions than the everyday varieties, they may have to make ordinary coffee more expensive to cope with the change.  Coffee could become more bland tasting in future as rising temperatures due to climate change could result in less intense varieties of beans, study shows. Stock imageEthiopia has some of the best and oldest coffee varieties in the world.They are marketed under the name of the region they are grown. Sidamo This is thought to be the first region where coffee originated, producing balanced beans with a citrus note.Genika A type of Arabica coffee grown exclusively in the Bench Maji Zone of the country and is a small greyish bean with a deep, spice and wine taste.Harar The eastern highlands of the country, one of the oldest coffee beans still produced with a fruity, wine flavour. Yirgacheffe Coffee beans with sweet red cherry notes, a classic bean grown using organic methods. Climate change experts modelled 19 'climatic' factors on the growing areas in Ethiopia, said to be responsible for some of the finest quality beans in the world.Warmer temperatures and lower rainfall, for instance, means that the beans which develop into some of the highest grade coffee mature too early.This means that coffee be used for more everyday varieties that go to make generic lattes, cappuccinos and espressos.That, in turn, will make the more exclusive varieties rarer and more expensive and, like the finest vintage wines, out of reach to ordinary consumers, they said. Growers will then create larger areas to grow the more ordinary types and smaller areas for speciality coffee which will also affect their income as they earn more from the posher versions, said the study's lead author Abel Chemura.He said: 'Climate change has conflicting impacts on coffee production in Ethiopia. The area that is suitable for average quality coffee might actually increase gradually until the 2090s, according to our computer simulations.'Yet more is not necessarily better. Because on the flipside, the suitable area for high quality specialty coffee types which are valued for their floral, fruity and spicy notes, will likely shrink if climate change continues unchecked.'This is an issue not just for coffee lovers, but for local agricultural value creation.'Increased rainfall, on the other hand, favours coffee production in general but may be not necessarily beneficial for individual specialty coffee types.Thus, while the researchers project that the area suitable for four out of five specialty coffee types will decline, some are hit harder than others. For example, the Yirgacheffe type, cultivated in Ethiopia's southwest could lose more than 40 per cent of its suitable area by the end of the 21st century. This is considered one of the world's oldest and sought after coffees by true caffeine lovers, baristas and coffee aficionados the world over.This would not only affect coffee drinkers worldwide, especially those who grind their own beans or prefer sophisticated blends - it would also have consequences for Ethiopia's economy. A team from the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research (PIK) created computer simulations to examine the effects of 'climatic' factors on coffee growing areas in Ethiopia, the largest producer in Africa. Stock imageStudy co-author, Christoph Gornott, added: 'If one or more coffee regions lose their specialty status due to climate change this has potentially grave ramifications for the smallholder farmers in the region.'If these groups are forced to switch to growing conventional, more bitter varieties they would be competing with more efficient industrial systems elsewhere. 'For the country, in which coffee exports account for roughly a third of all agricultural exports, this could prove fatal,' said Gornott.'Our study underscores the importance of localised adaptation planning and responses. 'We show how climate change has very concrete effects on the availability and taste of one of the world's most beloved beverages and, more importantly, on economic opportunities in local communities of the global South.' The findings have been published in the journal Scientific Reports.Caffeine has been deemed safe for consumption in doses of up to 400 mg per day for the general population. Studies suggest it can have a variety of health benefits, including combating liver disease and type two diabetes.Research has even suggested it could even help people live longer.It is the world's most widely consumed stimulant and reports show it can boost daily energy expenditure by around five per cent.Researchers have said combining two to four daily coffees with regular exercise would be even more effective at keeping the weight off.
3	5	"Climate change minister Tim Groser has committed to a higher emissions reduction target for the post-2020 period ahead of crucial climate talks in December. Photo: Ross Setford.Brian Fallow is a former economics editor of The New Zealand HeraldThe Government will take a highly conditional pledge to cut New Zealand's greenhouse gas emissions by 2030 to 11 per cent below 1990 levels - and therefore about 28 per cent from current levels - to the Paris climate conference in December.The conference is intended to agree a global deal to curb emissions more ambitious and wide-ranging than anything international negotiations have yet been able to accomplish.Climate Change Minister Tim Groser said the target is expressed as a cut of 30 per cent from 2005 levels to make it more readily comparable to the approach of the United States and Canada.Read more:• NZ commits to higher emissions reduction target• Brian Fallow: Government shrugs off climate change""It is a significant increase on our current target for 5 per cent below 1990 levels by 2020.""The Greens have been calling for a cut of 40 per cent from 1990 levels.""If all countries followed New Zealand's lead, catastrophic climate change would be the result,'' Green MP Kennedy Graham said.The target covers all sectors and all greenhouse gases, so does not exclude agricultural emissions, but as the consultation document the Government put out foreshadowed it will be hedged with conditions.Because of the importance of land use and forestry to New Zealand's emissions profile, acceptable rules about how those are to be accounted for are an important caveat.The proposal specifically cites the ""need to manage multiple objectives, including global food security"".Another condition attached to the 11 per cent target is unrestricted access to global carbon markets.This would allow New Zealand to meet its target - 80 per cent of it, the modelling suggests - by the purchase of carbon credits which represent emission reductions which have occurred somewhere else in the world more cheaply than any options available within New Zealand.The environmental integrity of those credits, and the robustness of measures to preclude double counting, are crucial.""The likely cost to the New Zealand economy of meeting the 2030 target in terms of GDP is greater than that implied by other parties' tabled targets,"" the proposal says.""This is due to a number of factors, such as already achieving a high level of renewable electricity generation, and almost half of New Zealand's emissions originating from agriculture.""The New Zealand Herald understands, however, that Treasury modelling that might back up the claim that this is a comparatively onerous target is not likely to be released until after the Paris conference.Groser said he was optimistic research into reducing emissions from livestock and bring down the cost of electric vehicles would bear fruit.But the proposal said the transformation of the transport and agricultural sectors would take longer than the 10 years to 2030 covered by the pledge.""The Government will adopt an appropriate mix of policies to ensure the target is met.""In particular, we will begin a review of the emissions trading scheme this year, which will include scope for further public discussion on what New Zealand will do domestically,"" Groser said."
440	5	"Environmentalists and observers have been barred from UN climate talks in Madrid after a protest inside the conference. Around 200 climate campaigners were ejected after staging a sit in, preventing access to one of the negotiating halls. Protesters said they were ""pushed, bullied and touched without consent.""In the wake of the disruption all other observers were then barred from the talks. Observers play an important role in the talks, representing civil society. They are allowed to sit in on negotiations and have access to negotiators on condition that they do not reveal the contents of those discussions.  Just hours after Greta Thunberg had delivered a powerful speech to COP25, young campaigners staged a noisy demonstration in front of the main halls where the UN secretary general was due to update the conference on the progress of the talks. They were expressing a rising sense of disappointment with the slow progress of the conference, which is in marked contrast to the urgency of scientists and the clamour for action from school strikers.As the group banged pots and pans and chanted slogans, UN security staff intervened to move the protestors outside ""abruptly and roughly,"" from the building, protesters said.Julius Mbatia, 25, a climate youth leader in Africa who works with Christian Aid said: ""It's displeasing that young people here to peacefully make the case for strong action on climate change, are being kettled and kicked out of the summit so that the UN climate process can conclude an outcome that will seemingly be weak and doesn't protect their future.""Around 200 had their badges removed, preventing them from returning to the talks. The executive director of Greenpeace International, Jennifer Morgan, was one of those who went outside in solidarity with the protestors. Ms Morgan was also barred from entry when she tried to return, despite playing no part in the protest.Earlier in the day, Ms Morgan had sat on a panel with Greta Thunberg - part of an effort by the UN to include the voices of young people around the world.""I call on the UN secretary general to intervene here to make sure that youth and citizens around the world can engage and have their voices heard in these negotiations - it's absolutely imperative that he get involved,"" Ms Morgan said, speaking outside the venue.The UN described the incident as ""an unfortunate security incident."" After consultations with observer groups, the UN has agreed to  allow those barred after the protest to return for the rest of the conference.Discontent with the way the talks have been going has been rising in recent days with the sense that major emitting countries are doing all they can to block progress. The UN on Wednesday released more details about the scale of the challenge. All countries who signed the Paris agreement are due to put new climate pledges on the table by the end of next year. So far, 84 countries have promised to enhance their national plans by then. Some 73 have said they will set a long-term target of net zero by the middle of the century.But many in attendance at the meeting believe that this is far short of where the world needs to be to avoid dangerous levels of warming. ""Frankly, I'm tired of hearing major emitters excuse inaction in cutting their own emissions on the basis they are 'just a fraction' of the world's total,"" said the prime minister of Fiji, Frank Bainimarama.""The truth is, in a family of nearly 200 nations, collective efforts are key. We all must take responsibility for ourselves, and we all must play our part to achieve net zero. As I like to say, we're all in the same canoe. But currently, that canoe is taking on water with nearly 200 holes -- and there are too few of us trying to patch them,"" Mr Bainimarama said.There are also worries that the final statement of ambition from this meeting may be watered down, with all the major decisions kicked down the road towards the key meeting in Glasgow at the end of next year. "
119	3	Stuart Robert has hit back at long-time Liberal Party member Oliver Yates after he claimed the current government was ‘not acting in accordance with its principles’ on climate change. The member for Fadden in Queensland told Sky News on Wednesday his Liberal Party was on track to ‘meet its 2020 target and beat its 2030 target’ to reduce emissions to 26 to 28 per cent. Mr Robert says the Prime Minister has committed to climate change targets so ‘the facts don’t stack up the way Mr Yates seems to think they do’.
45	4	The climate crisis is so monumental, its symptoms so horrific — acidifying oceans, raging wildfires, vanishing wildlife — that it’s easy to feel paralyzed in the face of it. For parents raising the children who will inherit a damaged planet, the prospect can feel particularly daunting.And when families go looking for ways they can help, they might encounter the sort of listicle that often circulates — 10 ways to be a greener parent! 15 tips for eco-friendly parenting! — which might not actually help them feel less overwhelmed. Yes, making your own baby food produces less waste than buying plastic-packaged purées, and riding your bike is preferable to driving, and avoiding red meat is a beneficial environmental choice. But not everyone can make baby food from scratch or bike to work, and suggestions such as “choose locally grown greens” may not be feasible for families living in food deserts. We all know diapers are dreadful for the environment, and although skipping them altogether is an option (one employed by determined souls who want to speed up potty training and probably don’t have carpeted floors), it may not be an approach that your family is prepared to embrace.Individual consumer choices do matter (go for that bamboo toothbrush over a plastic one; the sea turtles will thank you), but they are not the deciding factor in halting the current crisis, says Mary DeMocker, an environmental activist and author of “The Parents’ Guide to Climate Revolution: 100 Ways to Build a Fossil-Free Future, Raise Empowered Kids, and Still Get a Good Night’s Sleep.”“Busy parents — along with everyone else — have been told for years that individual lifestyle changes can stop the climate from spinning out of control, but the truth is they can’t,” she wrote in her book. “Not by themselves, anyway.”Climate change, experts have widely stated, is a problem that must be solved at a policy level. But this doesn’t mean that families can’t make choices that will have a real impact. DeMocker and Heather McTeer Toney, a former regional Environmental Protection Agency administrator and the national field director for Moms Clean Air Force, offer a few suggestions for parents who want to know where to start:If you only have a little time to spare at the end of a busy week, the best way to spend it is not by meticulously sorting every scrap of recyclable material in your home, but rather by contributing to bigger environmental efforts — whether at the local, state or national level, DeMocker says.“Spend 10 minutes looking at your local grass-roots climate group online,” she says. Are they protesting a proposed pipeline? Urging residents to call their elected officials about pending legislation? Advocating for the protection of a threatened park or waterway?“Understand your sphere of influence, where your interest is and where the levers of power are. . . . Look up the important decisions being made on the policy level in your own community,” she says.This is especially critical in an election year, DeMocker says. “Now is the time to plug into the electoral cycle, at whatever level parents and families can,” she says. “That might mean volunteering, it might mean phone-banking or knocking on doors, it might mean just having more water-cooler conversations about the climate champions who are running for office.”Moms Clean Air Force encourages its members to bring their kids with them when they do advocacy work, Toney says. “There are kids who, I swear, should be registered lobbyists because they know how to advocate, they have been in the practice of speaking for themselves,” she says. If you don’t have time to plan a trip to your local representative’s office, she adds, your child can help you reach out in other ways.“Sign a petition, write an email, send a Facebook message with a picture of a handmade sign,” Toney says. “Find out what people in your community are doing, and join in.”“This sounds really simple, but just getting outdoors is hugely helpful for getting your children to have a connection with nature and the environment,” Toney says. That doesn’t mean you have to take them on a grand tour of every national park: “I don’t mean, ‘Go buy $500 hiking boots and climb through the mountains,’ ” she says. “Figure out what you have right in your space, and just go outside.”When you’re out there, help your children learn how to pay attention to their surroundings. Even with very young kids, this is something that sets the stage for a deeper environmental awareness, Toney says.“When we walk from the front door to the car, which is just down a little sidewalk, we take note of what’s outside. ‘There’s the grass, and the trees, and is that a flower? What color is the tree? Is that a rabbit?’ ” she says. “It creates a relationship. Now when my little one gets out of the car at night, he immediately looks up. He says, ‘Oh, stars! The sky! Clouds!’ We’re trying to create, at a very young age, this connection with the natural things around us.”If the eco-parenting “to-do” lists are feeling like too much, DeMocker suggests finding just one thing that feels reasonable for your family to give up, such as eating red meat, buying tropical wood, taking vacations that involve plane travel or using a bank with ties to the fossil fuel industry.“When my kids were little, we made sure people knew that we didn’t want plastic toys or battery-operated toys for the holidays or birthdays,” she says. “We said, ‘Give us movie tickets, give us roller skates or puzzles, tennis rackets and jump ropes.’ Things that will allow children to play outside and learn how to cooperate.”Or you might choose one thing for your family to embrace, such as advocating for more local pedestrian and bicycle infrastructure, or supporting local farmers. Toney’s family decided to collect reusable bags in lieu of single-use plastic ones.“Other people go to visit a place and come back with a cup or a mug, but we come back with a bag and add it to our collection,” she says. “When we’re traveling, the kids are like, ‘Oh, have we gotten our bag yet?’ It’s a practice that makes them think about the kinds of materials we use.”Is your community debating an environmental policy or pondering the possibility of adding more pedestrian- or bicycle-friendly infrastructure? If there’s a public hearing coming up, let your child be the one who addresses your elected leaders. Planning to attend a pro-environment demonstration? Bring the kids, and let them make their own signs.Not every young climate activist is Greta Thunberg, but any child can carry her message forward, DeMocker says. “A child can make a sign to display on your car or the bike or the front lawn,” she says. “They can knock on doors, help you write a letter or an email.”For younger kids, this sense of initiative can start at the household level. When Toney’s daughter was 7, the family’s community did not provide recycling bins. She was determined that the family should recycle anyway, so she created her own container, decorating a big cardboard box with crayon drawings, Toney says.“We kept that box until it was soaked through with God knows what, and that was our recycling container, and that was initiated by my child,” Toney says. “It’s important to find things that they can initiate themselves, and support them in that.”For Christmas 2016, DeMocker asked her family to create a “wall of kindred spirits” in their home, complete with portraits of inspirational figures, climate heroes and creative icons — among them Harriet Tubman, Susan B. Anthony, Honduran environmentalist Berta Cáceres and Kenyan Nobel Peace Prize winner Wangari Maathai, who was honored for leading an effort to plant 30 million trees. The point of this display, DeMocker says, is to offer encouragement in moments when optimism feels hard to come by.“When I’m ragged and without the strength to go on, my heroes silently say, You’ve got this, dear. Keep on fighting,” she wrote in her book.The climate crisis can be frightening and heartbreaking, and we must make space to process those emotions, DeMocker says; cry, vent, go for a run — but then rally, because it’s not too late. And kids need to see determination and optimism modeled for them, too.“We have hope; scientists are telling us that we are not doomed, and this is really an important conversation because so many people think we’re a lost cause already,” DeMocker says. “And we have to work hard to address that, because I think it’s the biggest issue we face — the emotional response that people have to the climate crisis. And I understand why; it’s big, it’s daunting. But it is not a lost cause, and we must remember that.”More from Lifestyle:Eco-anxiety is overwhelming kids. Where’s the line between education and alarmism?5 ways to give your home a green rebootWhat is ‘green travel,’ anyway? A beginner’s guide to eco-friendly vacation planning.The best eco-friendly containers to save you from Sad Desk Lunch syndromeEco-friendly cemeteries? More people preferring ‘green’ over standard burials.
715	4	"And yet energy watchdogs are warning that not nearly enough is being done to fight the climate crisis. The International Energy Agency sounded the alarm Thursday about the ""critical need"" to rapidly accelerate clean energy innovation. That's because the climate goals set by governments and corporations around the world depend on technologies that have not yet reached the market. ""The message is very clear: in the absence of much faster clean energy innovation, achieving net-zero goals in 2050 will be all but impossible,"" Fatih Birol, the IEA's executive director, said in a statement. Major parts of the world economy don't have clean energy options as yet. Power companies are dumping coal in favor of increasingly affordable solar and wind power. And all the major auto makers are racing to develop the best electric vehicles to compete with Tesla. Yet there are few technologies available to bring emissions down to zero in areas such as shipping, trucking and aviation, the IEA said. The same problem exists in heavy industries like steel, cement and chemicals.""Decarbonizing these sectors will largely require the development of new technologies that are not currently in commercial use,"" the report said. And that is no slam dunk. It took decades to scale up solar panels and batteries to make them economical. And plenty of technologies failed along the way.""Time is in even shorter supply now,"" the IEA report said.'Disconnect' between goals and effortsThat's not to say progress isn't being made. Late last year, Heliogen, a clean energy startup backed by Bill Gates, discovered a way to use artificial intelligence and a field of mirrors to generate extreme amounts of heat from the sun. The goal is to use that carbon-free sunlight to replace fossil fuels in certain heavy pollution industrial processes, such as making cement, glass and steel.Still, the IEA said there are ""no single or simple solutions to putting the world on a sustainable path to net-zero emissions.""About three-quarters of the cumulative reductions in carbon emissions to get on that path will need to come from technologies that have ""not yet reached full maturity,"" the report said. For instance, while battery technology has evolved significantly, the IEA said ""rapid progress"" is required to transition battery prototypes to the world's long-distance transportation needs. Yet there isn't enough money being deployed by corporations or the public sector toward researching next-generation energy solutions.""There is a disconnect between the climate goals that governments and companies have set for themselves and the efforts underway to develop better and cheaper technologies to realize those goals,"" the IEA's Birol said. Pandemic deals blow to energy spendingThat disconnect, like so many others now, is being amplified by the pandemic. Although social distancing and health restrictions are causing carbon emissions to tumble, investment in energy is also falling sharply. Spending in the energy industry is expected to plunge by a record $400 billion, or 20%, this year, the IEA previously estimated.That slowdown in spending undermines efforts to develop clean energy solutions. At the same time, questions about the future of the economy, especially the energy and transportation sectors, will make it harder for startups to attract capital. Governments grappling with dual health and economic crises may be tempted to divert money away from developing clean energy at exactly the wrong time. ""Failure to accelerate progress now,"" the IEA report said, ""risks pushing the transition to net-zero emissions further into the future."""
945	3	 Most scientists agree that climate change is a real and growing threat. From rising sea levels to melting glaciers and extreme weather patterns, our environment is changing, and they believe humans are largely to blame. But skeptics don’t agree: so-called climate change deniers argue that people have little to no impact on global climate movements. Global Ideas picked three of the most common arguments made by climate skeptics and asked researchers to pick apart the theories behind them. Theory 1: 'Global warming stopped in 1998' Climate change skeptic blogs are awash with the theory that that there has been no discernible warming of the earth for years – since 1998. That date is no coincidence since 1998 was a record warm year. That was largely due to El Niño, a meteorological pattern where warm ocean water temperatures spur warmer weather every few years. Skeptics however use 1998 as evidence to argue that the resulting dip in global temperatures points to a major reversal and that global warming has effectively “stopped” since the record warm year. But scientists who assert that greenhouses gases, produced by human activity, are the cause of modern-day climate change, point to flaws in that argument. “If you compare summer temperatures with winter, you’ll also see a cooling pattern,“ Urs Neu, a researcher at the SwissAcademy of Sciences in Bern, says. “When you study these trends you have to take several factors into account, including natural ones,“ he says. He argues that volcanic eruptions and weather patterns like El Niño – or the counter phenomenon, La Niña – produce largely inconclusive results. El Niño is responsible for warm ocean currents in the eastern tropical Pacific, while La Niña generates cooler sea surface temperatures. These fluctuations in the surface temperature of oceans can cause major climatic changes across the globe, from heavy rains in Peru to severe droughts in Australia. “If you leave such factors out of the equation, you can see very well that global warming is a continuing trend,“ says Neu. Theory 2: 'Long winters, cold summers – what global warming?' Changing weather patterns are another issue where climate change deniers feel strengthened in their conviction that the world is not actually getting warmer. Many point to the winters in recent years in Central Europe as an example. Measurements by the German Meterological Service shows that winter temperatures have dropped on an average by around two degrees over the last quarter of a century. Sceptics from the European Institute for Climate and Energy have seized on the data to argue that the earth can hardly be warming in face of these falling temperatures.  It may sound paradoxical, but climate researchers say it could be exactly this development that is a result of global warming. It’s important, they say, to look beyond your own borders at the bigger picture. Klaus Dethloff from the Alfred Wegener Institute for Polar and Marine Research says researchers have been able to prove a statistical correlation between diminishing polar ice in the Antarctic in late summer and a particularly harsh winter in Central Europe and Asia. In other words, the trend towards rising temperatures has continued across the world, regardless of long winters and cool summers in individual regions. Theory 3: 'Man-made climate change is minor' A third commonly heard argument heard from climate change doubters is that carbon dioxide is not nearly as dangerous as believed, especially because nature needs the gas to function. Scientists agree that plants do indeed require CO2 to survive, but only enough to maintain a balanced ecosystem. When that ecosystem is intact, says Urs Neu, plants only take in as much CO2 as is emitted. ”As soon as you disrupt that balance and add another source to the mix, the concentration starts to climb and so does the danger to the climate. It’s just like a bathtub: if you only fill it up with as much water as you can drain, it works fine. But if you turn the tap on at full force, at some point the water will overflow,” he says. Economic reasons driving climate skeptics? And these aren’t the only theories that climate change skeptics to base their arguments on. In their book „The Cold Sun,“ Fritz Vahrenholt and Sebastian Lüning, for example, argued that we’re approaching a period of decreased solar activity, which will bring a temporary end to climate change. But that’s contradicted by scientists who at best see a marginal change in solar variations. Carel Mohn, the press spokesperson for the European Climate Foundation, says economic reasons lie behind many of the climate doubters’ arguments. “In industrialized countries, you have major companies that depend on extracting fossil fuels from the earth and exploiting them. Of course they have an interest in keeping that business model running as long as possible,“ he says, adding that climate skeptics in developed nations are especially powerful. Hartmut Graßl, a climate researcher and the former director at the Max Planck Institute for Meteorology in Hamburg, says there is a political component to climate skepticism. “Some of them even get paid, by big oil companies for example, to undermine climate change,“ he says. Graßl believes small groups, financed by big interests, are often sent to climate conferences to listen to the arguments at hand and find ways to dispute them. Questionable theories  Scientists accuse climate skeptics of simply cherry picking the theories that suit them best, rather than accepting the entire truth. “They dig around for results that fit their argument and then combine them to create a plausible story so that the ordinary person thinks that climate research is misleading,” Carel Mohn says. His organization’s website aims to use climate education and awareness to knock the the wind out of climate skeptics’ sails. Hartmut Graßl says climate skepticism is primarily “charlatanism.” He stressed that most skeptics are laypersons and hard to find in serious scientific circles and communities. In the scientific field, publications are subject to a system of review where content undergoes strict editing. “Ninety percent of climate skeptics don’t have the necessary references,” Graßl says. Instead, he says, they spread their unsubstantiated beliefs via blogs or media articles. Still, Graßl says climate skeptics’ can play a positive role too – sometimes they can be helpful in kickstarting a discussion. “But often the debates take place at a level where, as a scientist, it’s simply better to say nothing at all,” he says.
671	3	"The culprit is chlamydia, a sexually transmitted bacteria that infects more than 100 million people worldwide annually and can cause infertility in humans if left untreated.For koalas, uncontrolled chlamydia can cause blindness and painful cysts in a animal's reproductive tract that may lead to infertility or even death. Worse still, antibiotics used to treat the disease can destroy the delicate gut flora koalas need to consume their staple diet of eucalyptus leaves, leading some to starve to death even after being cured.The disease can also spread quickly. In 2008, there was a ""very, very low chlamydial prevalence"" -- about 10% -- in the koala population in Gunnedah, a rural town in northeast New South Wales, according to Mark Krockenberger, a professor of veterinary pathology at the University of Sydney. By 2015, that figure had risen to as high as 60%. Now, about 85% of that koala population is infected with the disease, Krockenberger said.""If you think about it, that's not a viable population anymore because of infertility. Pretty much every female that's infected with chlamydia becomes infertile within a year, maybe two years maximum ... Even if they survive, they're not breeding,"" he said.Experts say situations like that in Gunnedah are playing out among koala populations across Australia, threatening populations already vulnerable to worsening bushfires and habitat loss due to deforestation.Scientists are now trialing vaccines against chlamydia to protect the animals.""We run a very high risk, if this vaccine strategy doesn't work ... of localized extinctions,"" Krockenberger said.Are koalas endangered in Australia?There are few more emblematic Australian animals than the koala. The gray, fluffy-eared marsupial, which eats leaves from the eucalyptus tree and carries its young in its pouch, can only be found in Australia and is regularly seen in cultural representations of the country.But koalas face a number of threats to their survival. Apart from disease, the marsupials suffer habitat loss and are often attacked by wild dogs and hit by cars.The koala is listed as ""vulnerable"" on the International Union for the Conservation of Nature's (IUCN) Red List, which catalogs species at risk of extinction. The IUCN says there are between 100,000 and half a million koalas in the wild, but the Australian Koala Foundation says the number is closer to 58,000. Confusion about the size of Australia's koala population inspired the government to commit 2 million Australian dollars ($1.47 million) last year to a national koala census to work out where they are and how many are left.The country's koala population suffered severe losses during the catastrophic bushfires of 2019, which destroyed more than 12 million acres (48,000 squares kilometers) of land across New South Wales alone.The fires killed or displaced nearly 3 billion animals, according to the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF). That figure includes more than 60,000 koalas that either died, lost their habitat or suffered injury, trauma, smoke inhalation and heat stress from the flames.In mid-2021, an Australian government report on the conservation status of koalas recommended the animal's status be changed to ""endangered"" in Queensland, New South Wales and the Australian Capital Territory, as a result of the rapid population decline in those areas. In some regions, the report found populations had almost halved over just 20 years.The Australian government is drafting a National Recovery Plan for the Koala which will be reviewed in December 2021 before potentially becoming law in 2022. But Deborah Tabart, chairman of the Australian Koala Foundation, says much more needs to be done to protect koalas and their habitat across the entire country, warning the marsupials could be wiped out within three generations. ""We want a Koala Protection Act,"" she said. ""If you really are serious about protecting this species you would have legislation that is effective and that means protecting the trees,"" she said.Campaigners say it would be akin to the Bald Eagle Act in the United States that protects the country's national emblem from threats to its population and habitat. How does chlamydia spread?When faced with the threats to the koala's habitat and food supply, chlamydia might seem like a secondary issue. But with numbers dwindling, experts said reproduction has never been more important.There are two varieties of chlamydia in Australian koalas, one of which, chlamydia pecorum, is almost entirely responsible for the most severe cases of the disease in the population. A paper published in September 2020 in FEMS Microbiology Reviews said the more dangerous strain of chlamydia may have originated in domestic livestock brought to Australia by European colonizers in the 19th century.The disease spreads in koala populations through reproduction and social behavior connected to mating, though joeys -- baby koalas -- can catch the disease from their mothers.According to the University of Sydney, infection rates in some populations of mainland koalas in Queensland, New South Wales and Victoria can be as high as 100%, rendering them entirely infertile.Highlighting the disease's lethal potential, a study in the Journal of Applied Ecology in March 2018 found that of 291 koalas examined over four years, 18% had died of chlamydia or related complications.  Disease was the second highest cause of death, after animal attacks.Climate change is making the problem worseThe climate crisis has made Australia more vulnerable to devastating bushfires, such as those seen in 2019, as well as drought and heatwaves. It's also making koalas more susceptible to disease.According to Australia's leading scientific body, the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO), the country has already warmed by about 1.44 degrees on average since 1910.The Australian government report said when the marsupials are exposed to unusually stressful environmental conditions, including ""hot weather, drought, habitat loss and fragmentation,"" chlamydia spreads more quickly through their population.Experts say they have witnessed similar rapid explosions of disease in the wild. Krockenberger said in his Gunnedah sample population, a series of heatwaves and droughts in 2009 and 2010 preceded a doubling of chlamydia cases.Peter Timms, professor of microbiology at University of Sunshine Coast in Australia, said once koalas' stress hormones rise due to environmental problems, infections often progress from a relatively minor problem to ""one that is more serious.""He said a combination of habitat loss and climate change is causing koalas to be ""chronically stressed,"" depressing their immune systems.""All that leads to poor chlamydia response. It gets them from low grade chlamydia infections to more serious disease,"" he said.""That's what we're doing to them. And we're doing it on all fronts.""Chlamydia vaccine trials for koalasBut help could be on the way for Australia's koalas.A chlamydia vaccine, developed by researcher Timms over the past decade, is being tested among the country's koala population as a way to protect the animals from serious infections.Control trials are ongoing to test the effectiveness of the vaccine on small groups of koalas -- often about 20 or 30 at a time, Timms said. The current trial is the largest yet, involving 400 koalas.Some koalas are vaccinated when they are brought to veterinary hospitals with complaints other than chlamydia, while others are given the shot as part of coexisting conservation efforts, he added.""We know the vaccine can reduce the infection rate,"" Timms said. ""It doesn't reduce it to zero. There are no vaccines that do that, but it quashes the infection load way down.""He said while it is hoped the process will reduce the infection rate, it is hard to monitor the spread of chlamydia in a wild population.University of Sydney's Krockenberger, who is involved in a separate vaccine trial, said the purpose of the drug isn't to reverse the progress of the disease in individual koalas. ""Once they're chronically infected, they're often able to live reasonably happily, they just can't breed,"" he said.He said instead the hope is that by reducing the levels of infectiousness in koalas with chlamydia, researchers will be able to prevent the disease from spreading to new hosts and thereby maintain a breeding population.""We also hope that the unaffected animals, when they're vaccinated, are more resistant to picking up the infection,"" he said.Timms said once the vaccine is proved to be safe and effective, he hopes to roll it out to wildlife hospitals around Australia to vaccinate any koalas who come through their doors.He said that people often ask him how he is going to vaccinate ""the last koala in the last tree"" for chlamydia, to which Timms responds he's ""not even going to try."" All he can do is try to save as much of the population as possible.After all, ""these are wild animals,"" he said."
674	4	Growing up in a small town in Tasmania, Australia, not far from the coast, every summer we would spend seemingly endless carefree days at the beach – swimming, sunbathing and eating freshly-caught fish. I was there again last year with my family, during the Christmas break, but this time rather than enjoying the beach we spent the holiday glued to the television screen, watching as small bushfires across the country rapidly grew into huge uncontrollable conflagrations, burning everything right down to the shoreline. My small home state was spared, but we know that summer in Australia will never be the same. Not only has the annual threat of fires grown, but Australians are now coming to terms with the fact that their government has no interest in dealing with the causes of this crisis and is, in fact, making it worse.The fires did not come as a surprise to the Liberal/National party government – more frequent and intense fires were predicted in an official report in 2008. The National Disaster Risk Framework warned that “with the driver of a changing climate there is growing potential for some natural hazards to occur at unimagined scales, in unprecedented combinations and in unexpected locations”.No less than 23 former fire chiefs and emergency leaders attempted to warn the government for months in 2019 that more resources were urgently needed to tackle bushfires.What did the government do?Some would say, “nothing”. But actually, that is not true. On top of ignoring the warnings from their own fire experts, government officials spent most of their time actively opposing any moves to limit climate damage and prevent bushfires.Only weeks before the eruption of fires across the country, at December’s international climate change meeting in Madrid, Australia was one of a handful of nations that thwarted a deal on the implementation of the Paris Climate Agreement, using accounting tricks to reduce their emissions reduction commitment.This at a time when Australia is one of the world’s biggest carbon emitters per person. In absolute terms, in 2017, Australia’s share of global CO2 emissions from domestic use of fossil fuels was about 1.4 percent. Accounting for fossil fuel exports would lift Australia’s global carbon footprint to about 5 percent, making it the fifth-biggest emitter in the world, despite its relatively small population of 25 million.  One might think that following the summer fires the government would start reducing carbon emissions. To the contrary, while Australia already has four of the 10 biggest coal mines in the world, they are planning to open an even bigger one – Adani in Queensland, which once operative would more than double Australia’s coal-based carbon emissions. While standing in the incident control centre for a statewide bushfire emergency, National Party leader and Acting Prime Minister Michael McCormack announced that “… Adani is going ahead. The fact is, this is going to lead to more coal exports. We need more coal exports.”Australia recently became the world’s largest producer and exporter of liquefied natural gas and in 2018 became the world’s third-largest exporter of CO2 in fossil fuels. While the world is heating rapidly, Australia is literally throwing fuel on the fire.Comparing recent and planned coal extraction in Australia with Germany, one readily sees the opposing trends. Whereas Germany has been cutting back its coal mining, Australia is pushing forward as if climate science is fake news. Disregarding all environmental predictions, the government continues to throw massive fossil fuel subsidies at the industry – estimated at $8bn annually. Solar power subsidies have been withdrawn, in a continent with the highest solar radiation per square metre in the world. Not surprisingly, photovoltaic energy in Australia still provides a lower percentage of electricity than in Germany.The government’s myopic environmental policies can be traced back to different interest groups. Powerful mining corporations are calling the shots, to such an extent that even former Liberal Prime Minister John Hewson wrote recently that Prime Minister Scott Morrison is “almost totally beholden to the fossil fuel lobby”.In tandem, Australia has the world’s third most concentrated media market in the world, with Rupert Murdoch controlling nearly 60 percent of daily newspapers. The media has played a key role in putting climate deniers into government, and maintained a consistent policy in the recent bushfire crisis of arguing that climate change is not the key cause.The Australian government’s focus even now is on “resilience and adaption”, or in other words, they are telling their citizens “we’ll keep mining, selling and burning the fossil fuels, and you better just get used to the consequences”.Young Australians are angry. They are rapidly losing the right to enjoy the sort of innocent summers I had when I was young, with the bushfire crisis this year likely to be just the beginning of a new reality. Indeed, they have the sight every day of the Australian government busy burning their future.The views expressed in this article are the author’s own and do not necessarily reflect Al Jazeera’s editorial stance.
649	5	THE “EIGHT arseholes in Karlsruhe”, otherwise known as Germany’s Federal Constitutional Court, have been perennial irritants for politicians, as this outburst from an irate minister in the 1970s suggests. Yet on April 29th, when the court’s first senate declared Germany’s climate-change law partly unconstitutional, ministers in the ruling coalition fell over themselves to hail the judges’ wisdom in rejecting an act they had passed less than 18 months earlier. The judgment was “epoch-making”, said Peter Altmaier, the Christian Democrat economy minister. “This is a very special day,” added Olaf Scholz, the Social Democrat finance minister. The pair then bickered over which of them was to blame for the terrible law in the first place.Passed after bruising intra-coalition negotiations in 2019, Germany’s first climate law decreed that by 2030 carbon emissions must be cut by 55% from the level of 1990, and laid out annual quotas for different sources of emissions. It also stated that Germany, like the rest of the EU, would aim to emit no net greenhouse gases by 2050. (The previous target for 2020 of a 40% cut was narrowly met, thanks to the pandemic.) The law was hopelessly unambitious, howled critics. “Politics is what is possible,” shrugged Angela Merkel, the chancellor. But now the constitutional court has redefined the limits of the possible. The judges said the law risked forcing future generations to “engage in radical abstinence” by leaving too much of the burden to the years after 2030.“No one expected this,” says Felix Ekardt, a climate researcher and one of the jubilant plaintiffs. Young activists cheered the court’s novel approach to intergenerational justice. Legal theorists were struck by its discovery in Germany’s constitution of an obligation to cut emissions, given life by Germany’s commitments under the Paris climate deal of 2015. “This judgment shows that the Paris agreement has teeth,” says Paul Benson, a Berlin-based lawyer for ClientEarth, an NGO.The verdict will loom over every climate-policy deliberation of future German governments. It could also, reckons Joana Setzer of the Grantham Research Institute, influence dozens of other climate lawsuits around the world, especially those brought by children. As governments enshrine climate commitments into law, courts are learning how to enforce them by watching each other. Litigants are emulating legal tactics that have worked elsewhere.Wary of treading on political toes, the judges did not demand a change to the goal for 2030. Instead, Germany’s government was given until the end of 2022 to specify binding targets for the years after 2030. Yet rather than leave the job to the government that will take office after September’s election, Mrs Merkel’s coalition leapt into action, drawing up legislation that far exceeds the court’s instructions. The government now wants to lift the 2030 reduction target to 65%, and to bring forward the net carbon-neutral date to 2045. Among other things, this may mean accelerating the phase-out of coal and increasing the new carbon price on heating and transport.Laying out a tighter emissions pathway now, notes a government source, will help shape post-election coalition negotiations in areas like transport and energy. It will also affect the campaign. The government’s scramble to respond to the ruling highlights the power of climate in the political debate, and the threat posed by the opposition Green Party, which is leading in polls and angling to take the chancellery.As covid fades, the parties will place different bets on what will drive voters in September. Armin Laschet, the conservative aspirant to replace Mrs Merkel, hopes a mildly green-tinged economic pitch will appeal to Germans worried about debt and growth. The Greens think voters mean it when they tell pollsters climate is their biggest concern. Last week, eight judges in Karlsruhe lent them a hand. ■
141	3	"Sky News host Chris Kenny says Labor is using the pandemic as an excuse for ditching its absurd climate change policies. “The party won't take an emissions reduction target for 2030 to the next election, according to one draft version of its new platform,” he said. “Labor's backing away from their old target of 45 per cent reductions by 2030, effectively, this looks like a win for Joel Fitzgibbon and the pragmatic right-wing of the ALP. ""Effectively, although they'll never say it, it means Labor's agreeing that the Paris target signed up to by the Coalition is good enough,"" Mr Kenny said. It comes as Labor Frontbencher Bill Shorten said during a recent interview, “climate's important, but let’s face it, so are jobs”. “What I learned out of the last election is that if you want to convince people about the value of taking action in climate, you’ve got to explain to people where the jobs are going to come from as well,” Mr Shorten continued. “If Shorten had been that pragmatic about climate policies, a couple of years back, less extreme, he'd probably be prime minister by now,” Mr Kenny said. “Still you have to give them credit for gently, belatedly moving to a slightly more sensible policy”. Image: News Corp  "
819	3	The coronavirus outbreak is pushing the world’s airlines toward financial crisis — and that is starting to complicate efforts to tame airlines’ greenhouse gas emissions, which had been growing rapidly in recent years.Even though, in the short term, airlines have seen a sharp decline in air travel, and therefore emissions, demand is widely expected to bounce back eventually as the world resumes its embrace of flying. But in the meantime, the airline industry, an increasingly important contributor of planet-warming carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, is citing the financial pain caused by the heath scare as reason to weaken longer-term efforts to fight global warming.At least one major carrier, Air France-KLM, has cited the virus in calling for European countries to delay upcoming policies designed to curb air travel and reduce emissions. “In view of the coronavirus outbreak, we are asking governments to suspend the introduction of new flight taxes,” Benjamin Smith, the airline’s chief executive, said at the Airlines4Europe conference in Brussels on Tuesday.“We definitely don’t need new taxes right now. It doesn’t make any sense whatsoever to burden airlines and passengers with higher prices,” said Jennifer Janzen, a spokeswoman for Airlines4Europe, which represents 16 airline companies. “Environmental taxes are just going to make this bad situation even worse.”For months, airlines in Europe have been vocally opposing plans by governments to impose environmental taxes on air travel.At Tuesday’s event, Michael O’Leary, the chief executive of Ryanair, criticized a plan by Austria’s government to increase environmental taxes on flights next year, calling them “the equivalent of latter-day highwaymen,” according to a video of a press event he and other airline executives attended.A Ryanair spokeswoman, Alejandra Ruiz, said the airline’s environmental targets remained unchanged by the coronavirus outbreak.Plummeting travel due to the virus could also throw a wrench in a longstanding United Nations plan to cap emissions from international flights at 2020 levels. That plan would require airlines to offset increased emissions in future years by funding projects that reduce carbon dioxide by, for instance, planting trees or installing renewable energy.But the problem is this: If 2020 is an unusually low year for airline emissions — as it is very likely to be, because of the coronavirus scare — that could significantly increase the costs to airlines in future years if travel bounces back to traditional levels.A preliminary analysis by the Environmental Defense Fund found that, at the high end, airlines might need to purchase up to 20 percent more credits than they were expecting to over the next three years, depending on how much air travel declines and rebounds.As the United Nations civil aviation body prepares to meet this week to discuss the offset plan, some countries, particularly China, could try to push for significant changes to the program.Environmental groups said that the outbreak shouldn’t be used as an excuse to weaken programs designed to address aviation emissions. “This is a challenging time for airlines, but that’s no reason to weaken these rules and take airlines off-course on efforts to address climate change,” said Annie Petsonk, international counsel for the Environmental Defense Fund.Airline revenue worldwide is now projected to fall at least 11 percent this year, according to the International Air Transport Association, a trade group. The collapse in passenger traffic is expected to be particularly severe in countries hit hard by the outbreak, including China, Italy and Iran.Over all, air travel accounts for between 2 percent and 3 percent of global carbon dioxide emissions. But the industry is experiencing rapid growth, with emissions expected to triple by 2050 owing to the rapid expansion of air travel worldwide, propelled by a proliferation of low-cost airlines and a booming tourism industry catering to a growing middle class.The expected long-term surge in emissions has led governments and environmentalists to focus on air travel as the next frontier for climate action. In Europe, the Swedish climate activist Greta Thunberg has helped popularize the idea that people should cut back on flying to shrink their carbon footprint, a concept often referred to as flight shame. Last year, there were signs that air travel had dipped in Sweden as environmental concerns around air travel grew.France plans to put an “ecotax” on nearly all flights starting in 2020 and the Netherlands is preparing a similar policy. In November, nine countries asked the European Commission in November to tax the carbon dioxide emissions from airplanes. And in February, a British court blocked the government’s plans to expand Heathrow Airport in London and add a third runway on the grounds that the plan did not take climate change into account.In response to the growing concerns about air travel’s climate effects, a number of airlines in Europe and the United States have also recently pledged to clean up their act. Delta Air Lines announced in February that it would invest $1 billion over the next decade on technologies to help the company become carbon neutral.British Airways, Air France and JetBlue have announced they will purchase carbon offsets to blunt the effect of their domestic flights starting in 2020. Other companies, like United Airlines and Virgin, have started to invest in biofuels that would have lower emissions than jet fuel.But while airlines are not publicly saying that they are reconsidering those plans, observers warn that those investments could falter as airlines struggle for financial survival.The crisis will “definitely affect airline climate actions,” said Adam Klauber, a technical advisor at the Rocky Mountain Institute. “Any sound business will prioritize their existing liabilities and payroll over voluntary investments in future sustainable aviation fuel volume.”Oil prices have also been falling sharply, which helps airlines because fuel is one of their biggest expenses. However, lower prices could also deter airlines from investing in more fuel-efficient aircraft, which could also be a setback to long-term efforts to rein in airline emissions.“If fuel prices keep sliding and stay depressed, taking on newer, more efficient, cleaner jets will lose some appeal, and older jets will be kept longer,” said Richard Aboulafia, vice president for analysis at the Teal Group, an aerospace consulting firm in Fairfax, Va.Delta does not currently have plans to change its climate goals. An Air France-KLM spokeswoman, Ulrike Gendrot-Haubold, said that the airline was “monitoring closely the situation” and it was too early to say whether its climate investments would be affected.If airlines do scale back their climate efforts, that could pose a problem for future efforts to restrain aviation emissions, since analysts expect that air travel is expected to rebound strongly if coronavirus fears eventually subside.“This is the kind of blip that the industry has repeatedly experienced over the last two decades,” said Andrew Murphy, aviation manager at the Brussels-based campaign group Transport & Environment. “Whether it’s a financial crisis or terrorist attacks, reductions in air travel tend to be temporary and then bounce back.”That said, it’s tough to predict the future, and Mr. Murphy also raised the possibility that as companies get used to teleconferencing during the current crisis, they might also reconsider their long-term reliance on air travel. “In Europe, we already saw people opting not to fly, it’s possible that this crisis could accelerate some of those trends going forward.”For more climate news sign up for the Climate Fwd: newsletter or follow @NYTClimate on Twitter.
793	3	Listen and subscribe to our podcast from your mobile device:Via Apple Podcasts | Via Spotify | Via StitcherIn recent weeks, several of the largest and most profitable American companies have introduced elaborate plans to combat climate change. So why are they doing it now? And just how meaningful are their plans?On today’s episode:Andrew Ross Sorkin, a financial columnist for The New York Times.Background reading:Laurence D. Fink, the founder of the world’s largest asset management company, sparked the shift toward climate-focused corporate policies in his annual letter to chief executives. Here’s what the letter said, and why it matters.Protecting the environment and tackling climate change have climbed the list of Americans’ political priorities this year as economic concerns have faded. But the issue is as partisan as ever.Tune in, and tell us what you think. Email us at thedaily@nytimes.com. Follow Michael Barbaro on Twitter: @mikiebarb. And if you’re interested in advertising with “The Daily,” write to us at thedaily-ads@nytimes.com.Andrew Ross Sorkin contributed reporting.“The Daily” is made by Theo Balcomb, Andy Mills, Lisa Tobin, Rachel Quester, Lynsea Garrison, Annie Brown, Clare Toeniskoetter, Paige Cowett, Michael Simon Johnson, Brad Fisher, Larissa Anderson, Wendy Dorr, Chris Wood, Jessica Cheung, Alexandra Leigh Young, Jonathan Wolfe, Lisa Chow, Eric Krupke, Marc Georges, Luke Vander Ploeg, Adizah Eghan, Kelly Prime, Julia Longoria, Sindhu Gnanasambandan, Jazmín Aguilera, M.J. Davis Lin, Austin Mitchell, Sayre Quevedo, Neena Pathak, Dan Powell, Dave Shaw, Sydney Harper, Daniel Guillemette, Hans Buetow and Robert Jimison. Our theme music is by Jim Brunberg and Ben Landsverk of Wonderly. Special thanks to Sam Dolnick, Mikayla Bouchard, Stella Tan, Lauren Jackson, Julia Simon, Mahima Chablani and Nora Keller.
429	4	"It may sound like the title of a low budget sci-fi movie, but for planetary scientists, ""Hothouse Earth"" is a deadly serious concept.Researchers believe we could soon cross a threshold leading to boiling hot temperatures and towering seas in the centuries to come.Even if countries succeed in meeting their CO2 targets, we could still lurch on to this ""irreversible pathway"". Their study shows it could happen if global temperatures rise by 2C.An international team of climate researchers, writing in the journal, Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, says the warming expected in the next few decades could turn some of the Earth's natural forces - that currently protect us - into our enemies. Each year the Earth's forests, oceans and land soak up about 4.5 billion tonnes of carbon that would otherwise end up in our atmosphere adding to temperatures.But as the world experiences warming, these carbon sinks could become sources of carbon and make the problems of climate change significantly worse.  So whether it is the permafrost in northern latitudes that now holds millions of tonnes of warming gases, or the Amazon rainforest, the fear is that the closer we get to 2 degrees of warming above pre-industrial levels, the greater the chances that these natural allies will spew out more carbon than they currently now take in.Back in 2015, governments of the world committed themselves to keeping temperature rises well below 2 degrees, and to strive to keep them under 1.5. According to the authors, the current plans to cut carbon may not be enough if their analysis is correct.""What we are saying is that when we reach 2 degrees of warming, we may be at a point where we hand over the control mechanism to Planet Earth herself,"" co-author Prof Johan RockstrÃ¶m, from the Stockholm Resilience Centre, told BBC News. ""We are the ones in control right now, but once we go past 2 degrees, we see that the Earth system tips over from being a friend to a foe. We totally hand over our fate to an Earth system that starts rolling out of equilibrium.""Currently, global temperatures have risen about 1 degree above pre-industrial levels and they are rising by around 0.17C per decade. In their new study the authors looked at 10 natural systems, which they term ""feedback processes"".Right now, these help humanity to avoid the worst impacts of carbon and temperature rises, and include forests, Arctic sea-ice, and methane hydrates on the ocean floor. The worry is that if one of these systems tips over and starts pushing large amounts of CO2 into the atmosphere, the rest could follow like a row of dominoes. In short, it's not good. According to the research paper, crossing into a Hothouse Earth period would see a higher global temperature than at any time in the past 1.2 million years.  The climate might stabilise with 4-5 degrees C of warming above the pre-industrial age. Thanks to the melting of ice sheets, the seas could be 10-60 metres higher than now.Essentially, this would mean that some parts of the Earth would become uninhabitable. The impacts would be ""massive, sometimes abrupt and undoubtedly disruptive,"" say the authors.The only upside, if you can call it that, is that the worst impacts may not be felt for a century or two. The downside is that we wouldn't really be able to do anything about it, once it starts.The authors say the extreme weather events we are seeing right now around the world cannot be immediately associated with the risk of passing 2 degrees C.However, they argue that it may be evidence that the Earth is more sensitive to warming than previously thought. ""One should learn from these extreme events and take these as a piece of evidence that we should be even more cautious,"" said Prof RockstrÃ¶m.""It may support the conclusion that if this can happen at one degree, then we should at least not be surprised or too dismissive of conclusions that things can happen more abruptly than we previously thought.""What these authors are saying is that up to now, we've underestimated the power and sensitivity of natural systems. People have been thinking that climate change would be a global emergency for everyone if temperatures rose 3-4 degrees by the end of this century. But this paper argues that beyond 2 degrees, there is a significant risk of turning natural systems - that presently help keep temperatures down - into massive sources of carbon that would put us on an ""irreversible pathway"" to a world that is 4-5 degrees warmer than before the industrial revolution.Surprisingly, yes! We can avoid the hothouse scenario but it's going to take a fundamental re-adjustment of our relationship with the planet.  ""Climate and other global changes show us that we humans are impacting the Earth system at the global level. This means that we as a global community can also manage our relationship with the system to influence future planetary conditions. ""This study identifies some of the levers that can be used to do so,"" says co-author Katherine Richardson from the University of Copenhagen.So not only are we going to have to stop burning fossil fuels by the middle of this century, we are going to have to get very busy with planting trees, protecting forests, working out how to block the Sun's rays and developing machines to suck carbon out of the air.The authors say a total re-orientation of human values, equity, behaviour and technologies is required. We must all become stewards of the Earth.Some say the authors of this paper are too extreme. Many others say their conclusions are sound. ""As a result of human impacts on climate, the new paper argues that we've gone beyond any chance of the Earth cooling 'of its own accord',"" said Dr Phil Williamson from the University of East Anglia, UK.""Together these effects could add an extra half a degree Celsius by the end of the century to the warming that we are directly responsible for â thereby crossing thresholds and tipping points that seem likely to occur around 2 degrees C, and committing the planet to irreversible further change, as Hothouse Earth.""Others are concerned that the authors' faith in humanity to grasp the serious nature of the problem is misplaced.""Given the evidence of human history, this would seem a naive hope,"" said Prof Chris Rapley, from University College London.""At a time of the widespread rise of right-wing populism, with its associated rejection of the messages of those perceived as 'cosmopolitan elites' and specific denial of climate change as an issue, the likelihood that the combination of factors necessary to allow humanity to navigate the planet to an acceptable 'intermediate state' must surely be close to zero."""
901	5	The United States climate envoy, John Kerry, on Tuesday warned that global warming was making the world a more dangerous place and posed risks to peace and security around the world.Failing to address the threats of climate change is “marching forward to what is almost tantamount to a mutual suicide pact,” Mr. Kerry said in a session of the United Nations Security Council attended by presidents and prime ministers from several countries.“We bury our heads in the sand at our own peril,” he went on. “It’s urgent to treat the climate crisis as the urgent security threat that it is.”Climate change has been coming up in the Security Council for more than a decade, but the Tuesday meeting was notable for its stark contrast to the last four years, when the United States, under the presidency of Donald J. Trump, sought to block even general mentions of climate science in United Nations proceedings.“Climate disruption is a crisis amplifier and multiplier,” the United Nations secretary general, António Guterres, told the Council.Mr. Kerry noted the “inexcusable absence” of United States leadership on climate in the previous four years. As president, Mr. Trump pulled the United States out of the Paris Agreement, the global accord designed to limit emissions of greenhouse gases. President Biden began the process of rejoining as soon as he was sworn in.The Security Council has the power to impose sanctions and authorize peacekeeping missions to countries, which is why countries argue about what it should and should not address.Mr. Kerry’s remarks were part of a diplomatic squabble that broke out among powerful countries over whether climate change should even be discussed in the world body, which was designed to tackle war and peace.Russia, India and China — all among the world’s biggest producers of greenhouse gas emissions — argued that climate change could be addressed in other ways. New global fault lines began to emerge.India’s environment minister, Prakash Javdekar, dismissed the idea of climate change as a driver of conflict. China’s climate envoy, Xie Zhenhua, framed climate change as a development issue. Russia’s ambassador to the United Nations, Vassily A. Nebenzia, waxed philosophical about rising temperatures. “Are they really the root causes of these conflicts?” he asked.The session led to nothing concrete. But the fact that it happened at all, and that several presidents and prime ministers participated, sent a signal that climate change is becoming increasingly important among United Nations member states, particularly with the United States taking it on. “The Biden team’s emphasis on global warming has changed the incentive structure in the Council, and I think a lot of states are going to be flagging the issue this year,” said Richard Gowan, an analyst at the International Crisis Group.Of the 21 countries where the United Nations currently deploys peacekeepers, 10 are ranked as most exposed to climate change, according to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute, an independent research group.Prime Minister Boris Johnson of Britain, whose country serves as the rotating chair of the Security Council this month, opened the session by saying, “I know that there are people around the world who will say that this is all kind of green stuff from a bunch of tree-hugging tofu-munchers and not suited to international diplomacy and international politics.” He added: “I couldn’t disagree more profoundly.”Britain hosts the next United Nations climate negotiations, to be held in November in Glasgow.
683	5	"""Climate change and sustainability were not easy topics back then,"" remembers Hanno Franke, thinking back almost 25 years and almost sounding as if he’s trying to defend himself.The SC Freiburg marketing director has been at the club since the mid-1990s, a time when the Sport-Club from the Black Forest became the first Bundesliga club to begin taking measures to protect the environment.""The club wasn’t sure of its own identity, its own DNA,"" Franke explains. ""But even then, the city of Freiburg took sustainability very seriously so it seemed logical that we as a football club should get involved as well. Many people advised us against it. Back then, some of our advisers warned us about being 'too green.'""One of the main ideas was the installation of solar panels on the roof of the Schwarzwaldstadion’s new south stand (pictured above). It's common measure by today's standards, with many Bundesliga clubs producing their own solar energy, but in the mid-1990s, Freiburg were ahead of the curve and faced stiff opposition.""Looking back, the club showed a great deal of courage and conviction and laid the groundwork for everything that followed,"" says Franke, with barely concealable pride.The Bundesliga goes greenToday, all Bundesliga clubs are aware of their environmental responsibilities, which can be divided into four main areas: traffic and emissions, waste, water and energy. But it's taken some clubs longer than others, with some only becoming ""greener"" when environmentally friendly measures also allowed them to save money.""For a long time, environmental protection didn't play a role in football at all,"" says Thomas Fischer of the Deutsche Umwelthilfe (DUH), a German environmental and consumer-protection agency that carries out regular surveys of Bundesliga clubs. ""But those days are over.""However, Fischer still thinks more can be done. ""Clubs are great at implementing green policies when they don't require any investment in infrastructure, such as using green energy or installing LED lights which save energy.""In recent years, clubs have begun to expand their climate protection portfolios more or less off their own backs, or in cooperation with local businesses. In March 2019, the 36 professional clubs in Germany’s top three leagues came together to discuss environmental solutions, but there is still no central coordination through the German Football League (DFL).No collective strategy""The Bundesliga is still lacking a general climate plan,"" laments Fischer, who would like to see clubs pool their activities for climate protection. ""The DFL needs to set environmental targets and provide instructions and guidelines to help clubs implement concrete measures."" No such guidelines currently exist and the DFL is yet to respond to questions sent by DW.In some areas, clubs are already implementing a number of measures to help protect the environment. They reduce waste by separating materials and serving drinks in recyclable cups, they save energy by installing solar panels or using LED lighting and they save water by gathering rain water for pitch irrigation and providing water-saving toilet facilities. But emissions created by travel to and from the matches remain a problem.Away day emissionsAccording to a study conducted by the climate advisory agency C02OL on behalf of German public broadcaster Deutschlandfunk, football fans produce around 7,800 tons of harmful emissions per matchday. It would take 60,000 newly planted trees to compensate for that amount of C02, or over two million per season, and that's before flights to further-flung away games are taken into consideration.In the north of Germany, Bundesliga side Werder Bremen are setting an example with an ""anti-automobile"" traffic concept. ""In Bremen, fans can travel to the stadium on a ferry along the River Weser,"" explains Fischer. ""What's more, cars are banned from approaching the stadium or from parking there.""This reduces the amount of C02 being released into the air around the stadium. Fischer is still critical however of clubs such as Mainz and Hoffenheim who bill themselves as being ""carbon neutral.""""Ultimately, they achieve this by buying climate certificates,"" opines Fischer. “It’s not too far away from the selling of indulgences."" In Hoffenheim's defense, the club compensates for its C02 emissions by running a reforestation program in Uganda in central Africa. ""But that doesn’t solve any waste or emissions problems in Hoffenheim itself,"" criticizes Fischer.Outside engagementBack in Freiburg, the local club is dealing with local problems. SC Freiburg cooperate with the World Wildlife Fund for Nature (WWF) on nature-protection projects in the Black Forest, the woodland which dominates the region. The project involves regularly educating local children and teenagers about climate change and how they can live more environmentally friendly lives.Club employees are trained as well. Even when, after 25 years of experience, Freiburg are considered an ""industry leader"" in environmentally friendly football, there is still much to learn and the club remains open to new ideas.""More and more organizations and campaigns are getting in touch with us because of our reputation which we have built up since the 1990s,"" says Hanno Frenke, who is particularly pleased about the number of young people who approach the club with their own questions and feedback.""We had the organizers of the Freiburg branch of 'Fridays for Future' for a visit, for instance,"" he says. ""And of course we supported them – out of conviction."""
70	0	Legalizing marijuana is extremely popular. So why won’t Joe Biden embrace the idea?Democratic political consultants dream of issues like marijuana legalization. Democrats are overwhelmingly in favor of it, polls show. So are independents. A majority of Republicans favor it now too. It motivates progressives, young people, and Black Americans to vote. Put it on the ballot, and it’s proved a sure way to boost turnout for supportive politicians. It’s popular in key presidential-election states, including Michigan, Pennsylvania, Colorado, Florida, Arizona, and Virginia. There’s no clear political downside—although marijuana legalization motivates its supporters, it doesn’t motivate its opponents. For the Democratic presidential nominee, the upsides of supporting it would include energizing a very committed group of single-issue voters and making a major move toward criminal-justice reform and the Bernie Sanders agenda.Joe Biden won’t inhale.Democrats eager for Biden to support legalization have theories about why he won’t. His aides insist they’re all wrong. It’s not, they say, because he’s from a generation scared by Reefer Madness. It’s not, they say, because he spent a career in Washington pushing for mandatory minimum sentencing and other changes to drug laws. It’s definitely not, according to people who have discussed the policy with him, because he’s a teetotaler whose father battled alcoholism and whose son has fought addiction, and who’s had gateway-drug anxieties drilled into him.With legalization seeming such an obvious political win, all that’s stopping Biden, current and former aides say, is public health. He’s read the studies, or at least, summaries of the studies (campaign aides pointed me to this one). He wants to see more. He’s looking for something definitive to assure him that legalizing won’t lead to serious mental or physical problems, in teens or adults.America appears to be moving on without him, and so are the future leaders of his party.If Biden really has his eyes on public health, he should think about how many Black people end up in jail for marijuana sale and possession, argues Jackson, Mississippi, Mayor Chokwe Lumumba—a young Black progressive who oversaw local decriminalization in his city in 2018. Biden should also think about how an illicit, unregulated market is leading to the drug being laced with other chemicals, and the health effects of that, Lumumba told me. If Biden thinks marijuana is addictive, he said, then he should explain what makes it worse than alcohol, caffeine, and nicotine. Legalization is a necessary part of criminal-justice reform, Lumumba said. “I would encourage him and his campaign more broadly to do more research on some of the finer points,” he added.Alternatively, John Fetterman, the lieutenant governor of Pennsylvania, says Biden should think about how legalization could raise tax revenue in the post-pandemic economy of state budget deficits. “What better time than now to have that conversation?” Fetterman told me. Before the coronavirus outbreak, Fetterman spent a year traveling his state, including areas that mostly voted for Trump in 2016, proselytizing “commonsense” legalization. There’s even more reason to agree with him now, he said. “It’s the ultimate policy and financial low-hanging fruit,” he said. “If you’re not moved by the gross racial disparities, what state doesn’t need a couple hundred million more in revenue at this point?”Read: America’s invisible pot addictsAmid the criticism that Biden hasn’t taken a definitive stance on legalization, it’s easy to lose track of how far ahead he is of any other major-party presidential nominee in history in terms of changing marijuana policy. He’d decriminalize use, which would mean fines instead of jail time, and move to expunge records for using. He’d remove federal enforcement in states that have legalized the drug. That’s further, by far, than Donald Trump, or Barack Obama, has gone. Biden would move marijuana off as a Schedule 1 narcotic, the same category as heroin, but would not take it off the illegal-drugs schedule entirely, so that federal law would treat it the way it does alcohol or nicotine.John Morgan, a Florida Biden donor and a major proponent of legalization in his state, is a proud user of marijuana, and told me he knows many Democrats and Republicans who are too. He’s been able to get Ron DeSantis, his state’s Republican governor and a big Trump ally, on board with legalization. Morgan said that when he broached the issue briefly with Biden last year ahead of hosting a fundraiser for him, the candidate responded, “‘I know where you are on this.’ I just took it to be as You know where I am on this.”Erik Altieri, the executive director of the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws, a pro-legalization lobbying group, told me that although his organization heard from several of the other leading Democratic presidential campaigns last year, it never got a call from the Biden team.Biden’s resistance is particularly frustrating for those who remember how he was a pioneer in standing up for legalizing same-sex marriage, the biggest recent issue on which laws suddenly flipped to catch up to changing views. Maybe, one person who’s spoken with Biden theorized, the difference is that he knew gay people, but believes—almost certainly falsely—that he doesn’t know people who regularly use marijuana.That’s a bad guess too, Biden aides told me.“As science ends up with more conclusive evidence regarding the impact of marijuana, I think he would look at that data. But he’s being asked to make a decision right now. This is where the science guides him,” Stef Feldman, Biden’s policy director, explained to me. “When he looked to put down his position on marijuana in writing for the purposes of the campaign, he asked for an update on where science was today. He didn’t ask for an update on what views and science said 20 years ago. He wanted to know what was the best information we know now. And that is what he made his decision on.”Read: What Americans don’t know about Joe BidenThis can seem both perfectly reasonable and a ridiculous excuse. There isn’t some conclusive study about health effects that Biden is ignoring, but one is also not likely to emerge anytime soon. And though they insist this is all about health, other ripples from legalization are on the minds of institutionalists like Biden and his close advisers: trade deals that require both sides to keep marijuana illegal would have to be rewritten, half a century of American pressure on other countries about their drug policies would be reversed, and hard-line police unions would have to be convinced that he wasn’t just giving in to stoners.Realistically, marijuana isn’t a priority right now for the campaign. Legalization is at once too small an issue for Biden’s tiny team to focus on and too large an issue to take a stand on without fuller vetting. And it comes with a frustration among people close to Biden, who point out that liberals talk about trusting science on everything from climate change to wearing masks—and, notably, wanted vaping restricted because the health effects were unclear—but are willing to let that standard slide here because they want marijuana to be legal.Biden’s compromise: going right to the edge of legalization, while appointing a criminal-justice task force for his campaign whose members have each supported at least some approach to legalization. But that sort of signaling doesn’t get people to the polls. “Being cute is fine. Being bold is motivating,” Ben Wessel, the director of NextGen America, a group focused on boosting political involvement among younger voters, told me.“If Biden said he wants to legalize marijuana tomorrow, it would help him get reluctant young voters off the fence and come home to vote for Biden—especially Bernie [Sanders] supporters, especially young people of color who have been screwed by a criminal-justice system that treats them unfairly on marijuana issues,” Wessel told me. Publicly supporting marijuana legalization would be an easy, attention-grabbing move, and might help many Sanders diehards get past the fact that he’s not where they want him to be on the rest of their candidate’s democratic-socialist agenda.Altieri, the pro-marijuana lobbyist, said coming up with a legalization policy wouldn’t take much work: Sanders had one, as did Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts and Andrew Yang. Or Biden could check in with Senator Cory Booker of New Jersey, who wrote a legalization bill based on the argument that legalization is essential to the criminal-justice-reform conversation. Altieri is not impressed with how little Biden has moved so far. “Where he’s at now would have been maybe a bold stance in 1988. It’s not much of one in 2020,” he told me.In 2018, top Democrats credited a legalization ballot initiative in Michigan with boosting turnout and producing the biggest blue wave in the country—winning races for governor, Senate, attorney general, and secretary of state, along with flipping two congressional seats and multiple state-legislature seats. A ballot initiative is expected for the fall in Arizona, New Jersey, South Dakota, and possibly Montana. Anyone who believes—hopefully, or out of cynical political calculation—that Biden will announce some big change in his thinking, aides told me, will be disappointed.Just do it, Fetterman said: Do it, if only to secure Pennsylvania’s electoral votes and get that much closer to the White House. “If Joe Biden’s account tweeted out ‘Legal. Weed.,’ it would get a million likes in the first two hours. I guarantee it. And no one’s going to accuse Uncle Joe of being a pothead,” Fetterman told me. “If you think weed is the devil’s tobacco, you ain’t voting for Biden anyway.”
936	4	"Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez speaks out about the urgency to take on climate change and compares it to World War II.Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, D-N.Y., spoke out on Monday about the urgency to take on climate change, comparing it to World War II.Speaking at an event commemorating Martin Luther King Day, Ocasio-Cortez expressed how the issue of climate change is a “generational” issue that younger people are more focused on.“Millennials and people, you know, Gen Z and all these folks that will come after us are looking up and we’re like: ‘The world is gonna end in 12 years if we don’t address climate change and your biggest issue is how are we gonna pay for it?'"" Ocasio-Cortez said.The Democratic Socialist said the fight against climate change is war and that it’s “our World War II.”While a steady stream of international reports have raised alarm about climate change, they stop markedly short of predicting the end of the world.A widely publicized study last fall by a United Nations panel said the world should take “unprecedented” actions to cut carbon emissions in the next decade – this, to avoid rising past 2.7 degrees Fahrenheit above preindustrial levels.In November, the White House released another report that found the impacts of climate change are being felt across the country, and “extreme weather and climate-related events” are going to worsen in the years to come -- with a significant impact on the economy.The National Climate Assessment found that extreme weather disasters “ have already become more frequent, intense, widespread or of long duration and have cost the U.S. nearly $400 billion since 2015.”Ocasio-Cortez has forged a reputation for making bold, at-times factually incomplete statements. She recently lashed out at fact-checkers, accusing those scrutinizing her statements of ""false equivalency"" and ""bias,"" before backing down on the criticism.Ocasio-Cortez has made waves ever since she won the upset victory in New York against incumbent Rep. Joe Crowley, who was a top Democrat in Congress at the time. She is now the outspoken advocate of the Green New Deal, which is meant to address economic inequality and climate change."
813	5	"The COP process has tried and failed for years to include an acknowledgment that the climate crisis has been caused by the burning of fossil fuels. Coal is the single biggest source of greenhouse gases and phasing it out was a key priority of COP26 President Alok Sharma. But despite that progress, the text doesn't reflect the urgency expressed by international scientists in their ""code red for humanity"" climate report published in August. Rather, it defers more action on reducing fossil fuel emissions to next year. The UN's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change reported the world needs to roughly halve emissions over the next decade. Visibly teary after a long two weeks, and following marathon talks that went late into the night Friday, Sharma formalized the agreement with strikes of a gavel. He orally made India's requested amendment, changing the text to a phasing ""down"" of coal as opposed to a phasing ""out."" The text also includes language around moving away from fossil fuel subsidies.Sharma earlier told delegates he was ""infinitely grateful"" for ""keeping 1.5 alive,"" referring to his overarching goal to contain global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels. Scientists say that limit is critical to avoid worsening impacts of the climate crisis and to steer away from catastrophic climate change.At the center of the agreement is a request for countries to come to the COP27 talks in Egypt at the end of next year with updated plans for slashing greenhouse gas emissions by 2030, putting accelerated pressure on nations to keep enhancing their ambitions. Before this agreement, countries were required to do that by 2025.Whether that part of the agreement is successful will only become clear at the Egypt meeting, where countries will either show that they have stepped up their goals or won't. Hopes were high going into COP26 that the meeting would result in meaningful action, after the UN's climate science report and extreme weather events throughout the Northern Hemisphere this summer sounded the alarm that climate change was happening faster that even scientists had previously understood. Some scientists say that while there were breakthroughs in the COP26 deal, the full outcome did not meet the urgency of the moment.   ""A lot of people working on climate change issues are really frustrated and even angry about the lack of real strength in the decisions,"" said Bill Hare, CEO & senior scientist at non-profit Climate Analytics. ""We are seeing progress moving forward. It's not fast enough -- but it's not slow enough to give up.""A recent analysis by Climate Action Tracker found that even with all the new emissions pledges announced ahead of COP26, the world is on track for 2.4 degrees of warming. And on coal, questions are being raised over whether the COP26 presidency should have adopted the unilateral change to the text by India. Swiss Environment Minister Simonetta Sommaruga complained that the process to amend language on fossil fuels at the last minute was not transparent enough.""We don't need to phase down but to phase out coal and fossil fuel subsidies,"" said Sommaruga, who represents the Environmental Integrity Group, which includes six parties to the UN climate change agency.She added that the EIG chose not to stand in the way of an agreement, but that the group was ""disappointed.""""This will not bring us closer to 1.5 but make it more difficult to reach it,"" Sommaruga said.After hearing complaints from climate-vulnerable countries about the last-minute change, Sharma apologized.""May I just say to all delegates I apologize for the way this process has unfolded and I am deeply sorry,"" Sharma said before he slammed the gavel.Sharma later told reporters he canvassed delegates in the room to see if the language change on coal would be acceptable. He said he was ""sorry"" the original language was dropped, ""but we do have language on coal -- and I think that is a start.""After the meeting adjourned, focus turned to next steps and whether the Glasgow agreement would lead to meaningful action.When asked how COP puts pressure on countries to reduce their emissions, US climate envoy John Kerry said that the only way pressure is exerted is ""the acceptance of moral and public responsibility for actions."" He said that what compels countries is the ""public scrutiny that holds you accountable to your own promises.""""That's a huge level of accountability, frankly,"" Kerry said. Most impacted 'hung out to dry'Beyond fossil fuels, there was a sharp divide between developed and developing nations all week over funding to adapt to the climate crisis, but also the idea of setting up a new ""loss and damage"" fund which would have seen wealthy nations pay for climate crisis impacts in more vulnerable countries. There was progress on adaptation money -- a doubling of finance by 2025 from 2019 levels. But firm language on a loss-and-damage fund was ultimately dropped. A US official told CNN the country was opposed to it, while a source told CNN the EU was also resisting. An EU spokesperson declined to comment. ""We support loss and damage but what we think is in the next few years, we have to work through what is this all about ... how much money is needed for what, what's the legality of it, you know?"" Kerry said in a news conference.""But we also remain always thoughtful about the issue of liability, and to where this goes,"" Kerry said.Seve Paeniu, climate envoy for Tuvalu -- a low-lying atoll nation under threat of sea level rise -- told journalists he was disappointed that the loss-and-damage fund wasn't agreed on. ""First of all, little countries made our voices heard, but in a negotiation room like this, you've got the big countries. So it's a case of take-it-or-leave-it kind of deal,"" he said. ""So there was no other option left for us. We just want to work with this and are hopeful that some outcome would come out of this dialogue.""He also said that developed nations have failed to deliver on finance before, but that he wanted to remain optimistic. ""There's a lot of commitment to take action. So between now the next COP, countries just need to deliver on those commitments. So there's a lot of work now,"" he said. ""I think Glasgow has provided a platform for ambition. The challenge now is for countries to actually deliver on those.""Teresa Anderson, climate policy coordinator for ActionAid International, was less optimistic. ""This outcome is an insult to the millions of people whose lives are being torn apart by the climate crisis,"" said Andersen, adding that ""the wealthy countries most responsible for our warming world — particularly the United States — have blocked their ears and hung those most impacted out to dry."""
818	0	It is remarkable how the signal to breed hardwired into the brains of toads brings the creatures to the ponds at Lightwood in such numbers. Yet thereafter one is struck by their almost total invisibility. Since the April frenzy involving perhaps 10,000 adults I have seen one. And that was in Staffordshire.Yet those adults have left us a multitude of offspring, which now form a long winding oil-slick of primal life in the top pond at Lightwood. The differing depths of water in the four pools have an inbuilt Goldilocks benefit: whatever the seasonal conditions, one of them will meet the needs of the hour, and in our drought state it is the toads in the deepest water that flourish.In order to get on close terms I had to don waders (leaking, as it turned out) and stand with water to my ribs. If there was some disturbance to the masses, there was at least a mutual exchange, because I slowly realised that the pins-and-needles sensation all over one submerged hand was me feeding tadpoles on dead skin.A singleton may be basic: a dark blobbed body half the length of a diaphanous tail, with two pinhole eyes and a pale-rimmed mouth. Yet the simplicity was suggestive. At times I could see the thick-lipped jaws of a groper, a conger eel’s head, a dugong’s precise nose profile or, from the rear, a sea snake wafting through coral.En masse the tadpoles were a different order of imaginative encounter. Some mysterious mechanism – hunger possibly – caused the shoal to wind onwards and entwine a rock or other source. They would become a soft jellied soup, thousands deep, quivering and black, while watching multitudes plunge urgently into the murk reminded me of herring schools, or spermatozoa journeying towards life.There were touches of death, including a large diving beetle larva scavenging among them. Now and then there were tadpole corpses in the water column and, at the surface, a confetti of St Mark’s flies, whose spent wriggling bodies were engulfed in tadpole mouths. Yet the overwhelming emotion generated by this molten lava of immature life was a joy in the presence of such abundance.
791	2	GLOBAL warming is often used as a synonym for climate change, and most discussions of the topic focus on the expected increase in average global temperatures. However, the frequency and severity of individual, catastrophic weather events depend heavily on the variability of temperatures as well as their mean. The larger the swings, the more often extremely hot or cold conditions can wreak havoc.Unfortunately, according to a new study by Sebastian Bathiany of Wageningen University and three other scientists, poor countries are not only predicted to bear the brunt of the increase in average temperatures, but also to suffer from higher variation. Their paper finds that, as the planet warms, soil in areas near the equator will dry up, reducing its ability to dampen temperature swings. This problem is expected to be especially acute in the Amazon rainforest. Consequently, the authors expect the standard deviation of monthly temperatures to increase by nearly 20% in Brazil.In contrast, countries in the northern latitudes, which are mostly rich, will not be affected nearly as much by changes in soil moisture. Far from the equator, countries will actually see smaller temperature fluctuations, because of changing atmospheric patterns. In terms of both means and variances, the countries that bear the most historical responsibility for climate change are likely to be the ones least harmed by its consequences.
957	3	 Credits: The AM ShowOPINION: Look out New Zealand, the nanny state is coming to your garage. Your most prized possession is about to get hit with a tax - a climate change tax of up to $3000. And it's going to hit us where it hurts the most - our utes and SUVs. They make up two-thirds of our new vehicle purchases, yep, we love our big cars. But Julie-Anne Genter says they're bad and we must pay for our pollution. Farmer Bob from central Otago with his Ford Ranger will be hit with a $3000 tax, while latte-sipping, lentil-eating Fabio from Ponsonby with his VW Golf Electric will get an $8000 discount. The policy applies to all new and secondhand imported cars. But here's the problem, what about rural folk who need and rely on these big vehicles to get around and drive long distances? And what about the cost to importers of banning some cars, or limiting what they can bring into the country? But more than anything, Kiwis don't care about climate change. They say they do, but then they go buy a new SUV and have another child. They have choices already and they've voted big, loud, and gassy. I suspect Winston might put this policy into reverse.
292	4	"""So let this be the moment that we answer history's call here in Glasgow,"" Biden told a room full of leaders, ministers and climate negotiators from around the world.In a shiny ceremony featuring Indigenous speakers, British royals and heart-breaking messages from children, other leaders too spoke about big plans to save the future, promising cooperation, compromise and goodwill.Fast forward two weeks and delegates from different countries were at loggerheads with each other, with divisions running along the usual lines: Major coal, oil and gas producing countries were resisting language on fossil fuels that smaller climate-vulnerable nations wanted. Developing countries called for more financial support, but the rich nations they appealed to wouldn't budge on how much they were willing to pay.""If the success of an international agreement can be measured in its ability to disappoint everyone equally, the Glasgow accord could be seen as a triumph,"" Hannah Cloke, professor of hydrology at the University of Reading, said in a statement. ""From a scientific point of view, we are back in the position where the science is ever clearer but the politics is still worryingly murky."" As the urgency of the climate crisis is better understood now than ever, people are becoming frustrated with the slow pace of political action on climate. Even COP26 President Alok Sharma and UN chief Antonio Guterres have said nations needs to be even more ambitious than they were at Glasgow.The latest science shows that the world needs to nearly halve greenhouse gas emissions over this decade alone to have any chance of containing global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels. That's to prevent worsening climate change impacts and to steer the world away from climate catastrophe.Rhetoric versus actionThere are few diplomatic meetings in the world as painful as the Conference of the Parties, or COPs, on climate. They require consensus of nearly 200 nations -- some of them are rich, others are poor. Some are petrostates, others are already carbon neutral. Negotiations get notoriously ugly towards the end. There are always complaints from smaller nations of bullying by bigger ones. It's a wonder they can decide on anything at all.It takes just one country to oppose a measure to see it on the cutting room floor. If that country happens to be big and powerful, that's all the more likely. It only took one country, for example -- India -- to fiercely resist language about phasing ""out"" coal and fossil fuel subsidies for it to be watered down to a phasing ""down.""Despite Biden's opening pleas, the US delegation was among those opposing the establishment of a new ""loss and damage"" fund that would involve wealthier countries paying for the impacts of climate change in the most vulnerable nations -- money that might help people rebuild homes after a destructive flood or typhoon. The spirit of the fund would be to hold developed nations financially accountable for their historically larger role in the climate crisis. A US official told CNN the country was opposed to a loss-and-damage fund. On Saturday, US climate envoy John Kerry told reporters the US supports such a fund in principle, but said there weren't enough details -- particularly around liability -- for the US to back the deal outright. A source familiar with the negotiations told CNN the EU also resisted it, and an EU spokesperson declined to comment.Unsurprisingly, there was only a vague reference to scaling up money and no actual fund, in what was a huge disappointment for countries on the front lines of the climate crisis.Teresa Anderson, climate policy coordinator at ActionAid International said the outcome of the summit was ""an insult to the millions of people whose lives are being torn apart by the climate crisis.""""There were huge expectations that COP26 would finally deliver real support for the communities, farmers, women and girls who need to recover and rebuild in the aftermath of climate disasters ... but the wealthy countries most responsible for our warming world -- particularly the US -- have blocked their ears and hung those most impacted out to dry.""But none of these examples mean that COP is useless or ineffective. Quite the contrary.Developing countries were ultimately left empty handed without a loss-and-damage fund, but Lola Vallejo, climate program director at the policy research institute IDDRI, said the fact that the issue received so much attention is an ""important win on a taboo.""""You can say it's starting to crack. Now there's a broader dialogue,"" Vallejo said. ""It's a very sensitive question for developed countries, because the key question behind this is the liability question ... 'am I going to get sued for the amount of emissions?'""And buried in the bad news of watered-down language on fossil fuels, there was at least some progress: none of the 25 COPs before Glasgow had even made mention of the role of fossil fuels in the human-made climate crisis. (They are by far the biggest source of greenhouse gases.) That's despite the fact that the link between the two has been known since the 19th century. Scientists rang the alarm on how serious a problem this was in the 1980s. While the final language of the Glasgow Pact does not reflect the sense of emergency needed to really make movement on the climate crisis, it's a sign that the usual fossil fuel stronghold nations may be willing to bend.An accountability problemA shortfall of the COP process is a lack of accountability. Even when there is big progress, like there was in the 2015 Paris Agreement, many countries are under-delivering on their promises, with very little recourse. Australia, for example, updated its emissions plans last year ahead of the deadline established by the Paris Agreement. It technically followed the rules but it didn't actually increase its ambition, which is the entire point of the updates. The strength in these events, essentially, is less about the law and more about peer pressure. A good example is a statement in the first week that declared an end to financing fossil fuel projects abroad. It attracted more than 20 nations at first, by the end it was 34.""France wasn't a signatory on the declaration on ending fossil fuel financing abroad, they were planning to revise this next year,"" Vallejo said. ""But because of the pressure and the NGOs kind of calling them out, France changed its mind and signed this on the last day of COP.""""COP is like having a flashlight in your face, because there's so much media attention and activism around,"" Vallejo said.Bob Ward, a climate policy and communications expert at the London School of Economics, said that while the process is complicated and slow, a meeting that includes the whole world is necessary. There is no alternative to multilateral negotiations.Perhaps most significant change in Glasgow was an article that requests countries to come to COP27 next year in Egypt with updated plans to slash emissions. Under the Paris Agreement, they would only have been obliged to do that by 2025. In other words, this should accelerate action by three years. Whether Glasgow was a success will depend on if countries like Australia actually come to COP27 with more ambitious plans.Climate justice could come in the courtsWhere climate accountability may take place is the world's national courts. Once a country ratifies a treaty like the Paris Agreement -- as most have now done -- it becomes legally binding. And while countries are not suing each other in international courts, people can sue their own government or businesses in their own countries for lack of action on the climate crisis. Being armed with agreements like Paris helps, and there have been successful challenges already.The German Supreme Court ruled in April on a case centered around the human rights of young people that the government's climate target wasn't sufficient to meet Germany's obligations under the Paris accord. The German government came up with new climate goals in less than a week after the defeat. That's a win from COP.In 2018, a court in The Hague ordered the Netherlands to cut greenhouse gas emission faster than it previously planned, to protect its citizens from climate change. The ruling forced the government to put a number of large construction projects on hold and quickly adopt new goals in order to be in line with the Paris Agreement.Lawsuits can tackle climate change to some degree, but the ultimate solution is getting big emitters to decarbonize.""We're only going to stop global warming when we get to zero global emissions. That means everybody has to get there,"" Ward said. ""The rich countries have to lead the way, but there is no scenario in which any major country cannot get to zero emissions and climate change will be dealt with.""To get everyone on the same page requires huge compromises, which can be difficult when negotiators from oil-dependent nations face off with those from small islands that are literally sinking as sea level rises.One of the most memorable moments from COP26 was when Tuvalu's foreign minister, Simon Kofe, delivered his speech to the conference in a video, standing knee-deep in seawater to show how his low-lying Pacific island nation is already being hit by the climate crisis.This is why COPs are so important, said Vallejo.""It provides this moment where the countries that are most vulnerable can share the stage with the countries that have a historical responsibility to respond to climate change,"" she said.""Usually, the big decisions get taken in the G7 or the G20. And here, you have a forum just focusing on climate issues, and which is based on principles of transparency and inclusiveness. And I think that's precisely why we still need them."""
213	0	A plan to tackle the future management of Aoraki/Mt Cook National Park could become more focussed on climate change, with the location of various huts under the microscope. The Department of Conservation’s draft Aoraki/Mt Cook National Park management plan, which has been paused since February 2019 following a Supreme Court ruling ordering DOC to negotiate with local iwi, is likely to go back out to the public early next year. Before that, there will be a review of the 890 submissions on the plan, with alterations likely to be made according to the submissions. The plan, which was due for renewal as the last major amendments had been made in 2012, initially went to public consultation in 2018. In the lead-up, there had been public concerns about the number of visitors to Aoraki/Mt Cook National Park, and their effects on the environment, and concerns around climate change. READ MORE: * Aoraki/Mt Cook tourism industry decimated by Covid-19 * Recreation group calls for prioritisation of access to outdoors * Call for serious rethink of New Zealand's approach to tourism * Conservation Board acting chairman ponders Aoraki/Mt Cook National Park extension * Supreme Court ruling pauses Aoraki/Mt Cook National Park management plan  Speaking at the Canterbury Aoraki Conservation Board meeting in Timaru on Friday, DOC operations manager Sally Jones said there were a number of different research proposals related to the revised plan. These included a spatial review of Aoraki/Mt Cook National Park, which could include a survey of the huts within the park and their vulnerability to climate change. “We need to have a stocktake of the huts, and with the changing environment, there will be huts that might have to move,” Jones said. “Adaptation has to be considered. It’s about considering whether it will be necessary to have huts in certain areas.” DOC director planning permissions and land, Natasha Hayward, confirmed DOC huts, other visitor assets and historic infrastructure at significant risk to climate change, would be assessed and “adaptive management actions identified”. “The original draft Plan contained a spatial plan to assist with managing the future use of the Aoraki/Mount Cook National Park village and front country areas around the village,” Hayward said. “DOC has received submissions on the spatial plan, and we will be using those submissions to determine what changes need to be made.” Jones said there was also a need to address which areas of the national park aircraft could and could not access. She said there was a need to “ask those hard questions” and become “more strategic” in developing the plan for Aoraki/Mt Cook National Park. “I am confident that the team working on the plan are really thinking big and broad,” she said. Jones said there was also an opportunity to re-engage with submitters and work closely with user groups to improve the plan. “The submission analysis will take until the end of the year, we will kick off our engagement process next year.” “One of the challenges is ensuring everyone is involved in the process. There’s a lot of moving parts.” One of the more contentious aspects of the 2018 draft plan was the proposal of introducing a “park and ride” option, but Hayward said “we will work through the submissions before we can make any decision about the Park and Ride”. Hayward said although it was a new process to develop a draft Aoraki/Mount Cook National Park Management Plan, the starting point included all submissions received on the previously notified Plan.  “We will contact people and organisations who submitted on the first draft Plan, and explain how they can re-engage in the plan development process,” she said. However, Federated Mountain Clubs president Jan Finlayson said there was no rush to amend the plan. “The operative plan is solid, what was proposed back in 2018 was very poor by comparison,” Finlayson said. “We are hoping that Ngāi Tahu and the Department Of Conservation take their time to get this right.” Finlayson said FMC and Forest and Bird had previously asked for a complete rewrite of the 2018 version of plan. “The plan must express the purpose of the National Parks Act, which is the preservation in perpetuity of the park’s intrinsic worth,” Finlayson said. Finlayson said any delay to the management plan process was preferable if it meant the plan “absolutely respected” New Zealanders’ “right to light-footed recreation” in the park.
330	3	Scott Morrison has described a report he may adopt a technology investment target to avoid signing up to a commitment of zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 as speculation, but confirmed his government will take a “technology over taxation” approach to climate change.On Tuesday, Morrison told reporters in Melbourne the report in the Australian was “very speculative”, but said it was true that emissions reductions were achieved through technology, not “meetings”.The Australian suggested Morrison favoured a technology investment target as a way to help Australia resist an international push for a more explicit commitment to reduce emissions to net zero by mid-century at the next major UN climate summit in Glasgow in November.The government is expected to soon release what it calls a technology investment roadmap, but has said little about what it will entail.Several moderate Liberal MPs including Katie Allen and Trent Zimmerman have noted Australia effectively committed to net zero emissions by signing the 2015 Paris agreement. Under that deal, countries agreed to keep global heating above pre-industrial levels below 2C and to pursue policies to restrict it to 1.5C.Morrison has begun the political year torn between moderate Liberals attempting to build traction internally for the government to increase climate action and resistance from the Nationals, who want more government support for coal-fired power.Cabinet discussions have explored how to reposition the government’s climate policies, with a focus on technology, as the bushfire crisis caused a spike in concern about the environment and a hit to Morrison’s popularity.At a press conference on Tuesday, Morrison reiterated that Australia would not make commitments without “having thoroughly looked at what is the impact on jobs”.Asked if an investment target would create tension with those who want a net zero emissions commitment, Morrison said “currently no one can tell me that going down that path won’t cost jobs, won’t put up your electricity prices, and won’t impact negatively on jobs in the economies of rural and regional Australia”.A major report by CSIRO last year found there was no trade-off between strong economic growth and transitioning to zero emissions. The result of two years’ work by 50 leaders across the community, the CSIRO’s Australian National Outlook report found bold action to combat rising challenges could lead to GDP growth of 2.76% to 2.8% annually, a 90% increase in real wages and net zero emissions by 2050.On Tuesday, Morrison suggested investment in technology would enable steel plants to use hydrogen power and increase uptake of renewable energy.“The smart way in dealing with this to get emissions down … is to focus on the technology and making sure that that technology is affordable and it is scalable,” he said.“You want to get global emissions down? … You need technology that can be accessed and put in place, not just here in Australia, but all around the world. Meetings won’t achieve that, technology does. And I can tell you taxes won’t achieve it either.”The industry minister, Karen Andrews, told reporters at Flinders University she was focused on “what the solutions will be rather than endlessly discussing targets or whether or not climate change is real”.Andrews said it was “clear that we do have businesses … that are already investing”, citing BAE and the Innovative Manufacturing Cooperative Research Centre.Labor’s climate change spokesman, Mark Butler, said a technology target would be a throwback to 2007, when then prime minister John Howard and US president George W. Bush rejected emissions reduction targets agreed under the Kyoto Protocol in favour of a “technology approach” that including support for nuclear power and “clean coal”.“Of course technology is the key to lowering emissions, but industry has made it clear that the take-up of new technology requires a serious energy and climate policy,” Butler said. “This is something the Morrison government will never deliver as long as the hard-right climate deniers continue to run the show on climate policy.”The leader of the Greens, Adam Bandt, said: “Instead of a technology smokescreen, we need a Green New Deal to work with affected communities and workers to phase out coal, create new industries and look after the workers in those communities who are affected”.Erwin Jackson, policy director with the Investor Group on Climate Change, said acting on technology was important but not enough. He said all policy needed to be tied to an emissions goal. Net zero emissions was the most credible long-term scenario and had widespread backing, including within the business community.“Setting a path to net zero emissions is prudent economic risk management,” Jackson said. “The only question is if it’s going to happen in a smooth way or in a disruptive way.”Martijn Wilder, a partner at climate advisory and investment firm Pollination and chairman of the Australian Renewable Energy Agency (Arena), said technology would play a critical role in reaching net zero emissions if backed by strong policies.“With the right mix of technologies and policies, Australia is easily capable of reaching net zero well before 2050 and in doing so building an incredibly strong decarbonised economy,” he said.Wilder said having strong public institutions, such as Arena and the Clean Energy Finance Corporation, and policies similar to Britain’s promised ban on new petrol, diesel and hybrid cars by 2035 could “greatly accelerate the transition”.In addition to the technology investment roadmap, the government has commissioned a review of its climate policies led by the businessman Grant King, and promised an electric vehicle policy and a long-term emissions strategy. It has also made it known it is likely to give an $11m grant to the owners of the Vales Point coal-fired power plant in the May budget.
888	2	"2019 Atlantic Hurricane season was an above-normal season with 12 named storms, six hurricanes, and three major hurricanes. NOAA is now asking people to prepare for the season ahead.Hurricanes have grown stronger in almost every region of the world over the past four decades and climate change may be a factor, according to a federal study.The study, published Monday and conducted by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) and the University of Wisconsin-Madison Cooperative Institute for Meteorological Satellite Studies (CIMSS), analyzed 40 years of enhanced infrared satellite imagery of tropical cyclones.“Our results show that these storms have become stronger on global and regional levels, which is consistent with expectations of how hurricanes respond to a warming world,” James Kossin, a NOAA researcher and lead author of the study, said in a news release.“It’s a good step forward and increases our confidence that global warming has made hurricanes stronger, but our results don’t tell us precisely how much of the trends are caused by human activities and how much may be just natural variability.”The study, published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS), found a significant increase in tropical cyclone intensity from 1979 to 2017.      NASA NOAA’s Suomi NPP satellite image provided a very clear, very detailed image of  Hurricane Dorian’s eye in this image taken on Sept. 2, 2019, as the Category 5 storm bore down on the Bahamas.      (NASA/NOAA/UWM-SSEC-CIMSS/William Straka III))According to NOAA, a tropical cyclone is defined as a rotating, ""organized system of clouds and thunderstorms"" that originates over tropical or subtropical waters, and has a closed low-level circulation. Depending on where the storms are, they are either hurricanes, cyclones, tropical storms, typhoons, or tropical depressions.The study found that the maximum sustained winds of tropical cyclones have gotten stronger over time.      In this GOES-16 geocolor image satellite image taken Sept. 7, 2017, the eye of Hurricane Irma, center, is just north of the island of Hispaniola, with Hurricane Katia, left, in the Gulf of Mexico, and Hurricane Jose, right, in the Atlantic Ocean. Irma, a fearsome Category 5 storm, cut a path of devastation across the northern Caribbean.      (NOAA)Data examined by researchers pointed to the increased probability of tropical cyclones becoming major hurricanes, ones that are categories 3, 4, or 5 on the Saffir-Simpson wind scale. Storms of that magnitude have sustained winds of 111 mph or greater.      The Saffir Simpson Scale, which is how hurricane strength is rated by sustained wind speed.      (Fox News)The analysis of satellite images over the 40-year period found that planetary warming has increased the likelihood of a hurricane developing into a Category 3 or higher by about 8 percent a decade over the period of the study.“Through modeling and our understanding of atmospheric physics, the study agrees with what we would expect to see in a warming climate like ours,” Kossin said in news release.The 2019 Atlantic hurricane season was the fourth consecutive above-normal Atlantic hurricane season, with 18 named storms. In 2019, the three major hurricanes were Dorian, Humberto and Lorenzo.Dorian and Lorenzo both had the distinction of strengthening into Category 5 hurricanes. Dorian is tied with three other hurricanes — the 1935 Labor Day Hurricane, 1988’s Hurricane Gilbert, and 2005’s Hurricane Wilma — as the second strongest hurricane on record in the Atlantic basin in terms of wind, with maximum speeds clocking in at 185 mph.      Hurricane Lorenzo can be seen swirling in the eastern Atlantic in 2019.      (NOAA/GOES East)Hurricane Michael, which devastated a swath of the Florida Panhandle in 2018, underwent a period of rapid intensification to packing winds of 157-mph as a Category 5 storm. Just 36 hours before hitting Florida's coast, Michael was making its way through the Gulf of Mexico as a 90 mph Category 1 storm.Kossin's latest study built on previous work from 2013, which identified trends in tropical cyclone intensity over a 28-year period spanning from 1982 to 2009This time around, Kossin noted that the initial dataset was ""less conclusive and required more hurricane case studies to demonstrate statistically significant results.""Researchers extended the study to include global hurricane data from 1979-2017, in addition to identifying differences in data caused by advances in technology over time, including better imagery from satellites.Hurricane Harvey devastated Houston in 2017, becoming the second costliest storm in U.S. history. Now residents in Harris County, Texas are deciding how to prepare for the next hurricane.“The main hurdle we have for finding trends is that the data are collected using the best technology at the time,” Kossin said. “Every year the data are a bit different than last year, each new satellite has new tools and captures data in different ways, so in the end we have a patchwork quilt of all the satellite data that have been woven together.”In 2018, a separate study authored by Kossin found that hurricanes are moving more slowly across land due to changes in Earth’s climate, resulting in greater flood risks as storms hover over cities and other areas, often for extended periods of time.While the NOAA Climate Prediction Center will provide its initial seasonal outlook for the Atlantic basin on Thursday, researchers at Colorado State University are predicting an above-average hurricane season this year, citing the likely absence of El Niño as a primary factor.      The names for the 2020 Atlantic hurricane season.      (Fox News)The 2020 Atlantic Hurricane Season runs from June 1 to Nov. 30, and will include the names: Arthur, Bertha, Cristobal, Dolly, Edouard, Fay, Gonzalo, Hanna, Isaias, Josephine, Kyle, Laura, Marco, Nana, Omar, Paulette, Rene, Sally, Teddy, Vicky, and Wilfred."
602	4	Climate change is causing the unprecedented warming and acidification of Earth's oceans and this may change up to 95 percent of surfaces by the end of the century, a new study suggests.The stark warning was revealed Thursday by a team of scientists led by Northwestern University, who fear hotter, more acidic surfaces will make the planet's oceans less hospitable for sea life.Using global ocean climate models, the team ran two emissions scenarios: one with a peak of greenhouse gas emissions by 2050, but slow throughout the rest of the century; the other is a 'business as usual' approach, where emissions continue to rise throughout the next 80 years.The first scenario showed 36 percent of the current ocean surface conditions will stay  throughout the 20th century, but disappear by 2100.However, the extreme scenario increase the surface amount to an alarming 95 percent.Using global ocean climate models, the team ran two emissions scenarios: one with a peak of greenhouse gas emissions by 2050, but slow throughout the rest of the century; the other is a 'business as usual' approach, where emissions continue to rise throughout the next 80 years'The rates of change in atmospheric CO2 over the past century are two-to-three orders of magnitude higher than most of the changes seen in the past 420,000 to 300 million years, suggesting that this challenge may be without precedent for many extant species,' the study's authors wrote in the study published in Nature.'This rapid rate of environmental change means that by the end of the twenty-first century, large portions of the Earth's ocean could experience climates not found at present ('novel climates'), and some twentieth century climates may disappear.'Ocean surface climates refers to  surface water temperature, acidity and the concentration of the mineral aragonite, which is a high pressure polymorph of calcium carbonate. Many marine animals use the mineral to form bones and shells and it supports the vast majority of sea life.The team created two scenarios, RCP 4.5 ('stabilization' emission response scenario where emissions peak in 2050, followed by slowed increase) and RCP 8.5 (worst case 'business as usual' scenario where emissions peak in 2100, followed by slowed increase), to better see the future of our oceans'Species that are narrowly adapted to a climate that is disappearing will have to adapt to different conditions,' the study's lead author, Katie Lotterhos, from Northeastern University's Marine Science Center, told AFP, Phys.org reports. 'A climate in which the temperature and chemistry of the water is common today will be rare or absent in the future.'The team created two scenarios, RCP 4.5 ('stabilization' emission response scenario where emissions peak in 2050, followed by slowed increase) and RCP 8.5 (worst case 'business as usual' scenario where emissions peak in 2100, followed by slowed increase), to better see the future of our oceans.Between 2000 and 2100, these shifts are projected to become larger under RCP 4.5 and extreme under RCP 8.5.Marine life that lives closer to the surface is adapting to climate change by moving to different oceans in order to escape warming waters, but the study suggests that in the future their options may be limited due to near-uniform warming and acidificationIn the northern hemisphere, the present-day undersaturated and low pH conditions in the Arctic are projected to become more common at temperate latitudes by the end of the century.However, in the southern hemisphere under RCP 8.5 projections, there is almost no overlap between current and projected climate envelopes across all latitudes.Marine life that lives closer to the surface is adapting to climate change by moving to different oceans in order to escape warming waters, but the study suggests that in the future their options may be limited due to near-uniform warming and acidification.'Already, many marine species have shifted their ranges in response to warmer waters,' said Lotterhos.Marine life that lives closer to the surface is adapting to climate change by moving to different oceans in order to escape warming waters, but the study suggests that in the future their options may be limited due to near-uniform warming and acidification'The communities of species that are found in one area will continue to shift and change rapidly over the coming decades.'She said that governments needed to monitor future shifting habits in marine surface species.Ultimately, the world's oceans need the emissions driving their heating and acidification to cease. 'Without (emissions) mitigation, novel and disappearing climates in the sea surface will be widespread around the globe by 2100,' said Lotterhos. Climate change will contribute to ocean acidification, according to the National Ocean Service.This change can be attributed to higher levels of greenhouse gases emerging as a result of human activities.Climate change affects the ocean in a variety of ways.A new study has found that methane flares in a region off the coast of Norway are not caused by climate change as was previously assumed. However scientists are warning that the man-made effects of climate change are still persisting (file photo)It can cause sea levels to rise and coral in the sea to be smothered.Climate change can also affect the ocean's currents and cause 'murky' water conditions with reduced amounts of light, according to the National Ocean Service.
900	0	"Ken Simpson isn’t after a high-powered job. He’s just asking for the chance to shuttle food and drink around a local cafe – the ability to make some cash during his unintentionally lengthy stint in Dunedin. Willing to do “literally anything” to make a few bob after Covid-19 saw the Canadian citizen become “stuck"" in New Zealand, unable to travel to London to work as a tour guide. Simpson is now battling Immigration New Zealand (INZ) bureaucracy, which he says has given the run around as he attempts to get a Working Holiday Visa application signed off. He arrived in the country on March 16 to spend six weeks with his New Zealand-based partner. He was given a six-month visitor visa at the airport, just eight hours after self-isolation rules came into force. READ MORE: * Coronavirus: Tens of thousands of offshore visa applications stalled  * Immigration NZ staff tackle asylum seeker backlog * Nelson firefighter's residency put on ice by immigration minister  Then the border shut, his Air New Zealand flight to the UK cancelled, leaving him in lockdown on the other side of the world. Facing the prospect of spending several months in New Zealand, Simpson applied for a working holiday visa to allow him to pick up casual cafe work. ""I will do literally anything at this point, to be honest. I want to support myself and not be eating away at my savings. I have asked around in Dunedin and a few coffee shops would be more than happy to hire me as just a fill-in person which is all I am looking for. Simpson isn’t interested in taking a skilled job away from a New Zealander who may have lost their job due to Covid. “You know, on call work, any time, when anybody is sick. Just something to pass the time and earn some money instead of just sitting around,” Simpson said.   Ordinarily the processing time for a visa of this type is two weeks, but Simpson has been waiting six – and has received conflicting advice from INZ call centre staff along the way. “There seems to be next to no help or professionalism on the side of [INZ] for those how want to work here legally, pay taxes, and be a useful member of the public while here,” Simpson said. Able to access a support network in Dunedin, Simpson admits he is luckier than most – as of July 14, there were 610 others waiting for decisions on their working holiday visa applications. “I just can’t imagine people that don’t have that support system who are stuck here due to Covid, want to work and then aren't allowed to,” Simpson said. Nicola Hogg, INZ general manager of border and visa operations, acknowledged Simpson had contacted the agency on several occasions for updates on his application which “is still in progress”. INZ said it provided those updates “accordingly, based on the status of Mr Simpson’s visa application” and advised him in writing that a medical certificate and chest x-ray certificate were needed in order for his application to proceed. “Individuals who are in New Zealand for more than 12 months require a medical certificate, regardless of the amount of time they intend to stay in the country, and a 12-month visa under the Canada Working Holiday Scheme would push Mr Simpson’s time in New Zealand over a year,” Hogg said."
835	5	Roughly 200 of New Zealand’s biggest companies and financial organisations will be made to report on climate change risk, Climate Change Minister James Shaw has announced. The policy will force large financial organisations in New Zealand to disclose how exposed their business and investments are to climate change-related risk. Some entities, such as the NZ Super Fund, are already proactively disclosing such risks, ahead of the mandatory regime. Any bank, credit union, building society, investment scheme, insurer, or Crown Financial Institution with more than $1b in assets will be required to either disclose this risk or explain why it has not. These 200 or so institutions will cover 90 per cent of the assets controlled in New Zealand, and includes large Crown investors such as ACC and the NZ Super Fund. READ MORE: * First climate change risk assessment lays out long list of threats * What happens when businesses come clean on climate change costs * Dodging disaster with climate disclosure  Risks could include physical risks from climate change such as extreme weather events or rising sea levels, as well as economic risks such as more stringent regulation of carbon emissions. Businesses will have to make annual disclosures about the risks, how they are managing them, and how they plan to mitigate climate change impacts. If they are unable to do this they must explain why. While other countries are working on similar schemes, New Zealand is the first to introduce one – although entities will not be required to report on climate risk until 2023 at the earliest. Shaw said the changes would require new legislation, which would be introduced by the next Parliament. He said the reporting standards themselves would be drawn-up by an External Reporting Board (XRB). Entities covered by the new rules would either have to report to those standards or explain why they choose not to.  “What gets measured, gets managed – and if businesses know how climate change will impact them in the future they can change and adopt low-carbon strategies,” Shaw said. “Covid-19 has highlighted how important it is that we plan for and manage systemic economic shocks – and there is no greater risk than climate change. “Many large businesses in New Zealand do not currently have a good understanding of how climate change will impact what they do. The changes I am announcing today will bring climate risks and resilience into the heart of financial and business decision-making. It will ensure the disclosure of climate risk is clear, comprehensive and mainstream.” Internationally, this sort of risk disclosure has been fought for by former Governor of the Bank of England Mark Carney and former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg. They estimated trillions of dollars of unquantified risk sitting on corporate balance sheets worldwide. The NZ Super Fund said it “welcomed” the move. “Climate change is one of the most defining and complex issues of our time, and as a major investor in New Zealand’s capital markets we support mandatory reporting on climate change performance and risk,” NZ Super Fund CEO Matt Whineray said. Whineray called on the Government to extend the rules to make them cover more companies. “In addition to listed equities and debt issuers on the NZX, we’d like the requirements extended to private companies over a certain size, given the increasing importance of that investment class,” he said. The Super Fund will be getting ahead of the mandatory regime by releasing its first climate risk report next month. The Financial Markets Authority will be responsible for the independent monitoring of the reporting. Nobel Prize-winning economist Joseph Stiglitz​ congratulated New Zealand on introducing the scheme. “Once again, New Zealand is leading the world,” Stiglitz said, in a video included with the press statement from Shaw. In a statement, the Responsible Investment Association Australasia welcomed the announcement. “This marks a significant step forward and demonstrates New Zealand’s exemplary leadership on the global issue of climate change and the sustainability of New Zealand’s financial system and economy,” RIAA chief Simon O’Connor said. “New Zealand’s future resilience and prosperity depends on being able to navigate climate change risk.”
87	3	A tree-killing disease is expanding into parts of the Sierra Nevada mountain range where it was previously unable to survive – and climate change and drought are to blame.A team of scientists at the University of California, Davis, found the first evidence that white pine blister disease has reached higher-elevation forests in the south region, which was an area too cold for it to thrive.White pine blister rust kills branches, treetops and whole trees of Eastern white pine and causes leaf spots and leaf loss in currant and gooseberry plants.Data from the study shows there was a warmer, hotter period in the mountain range from 1996 to 2016, allowing the disease to move into higher elevations.  This amounted to an additional area expansion of about 200,000 acres, which exposed most hosts in Sequoia and Kings Canyon national parks.  A team of scientists at the University of California, Davis found the first evidence that white pine blister disease has reached higher-elevation forests in the south region, which was an area too cold for it to thriveLead author Joan Dudney, a Davis H. Smith postdoctoral fellow at UC Davis, said in a statement: 'Because pathogens have thermal tolerances, we are seeing expansions and contractions in this disease's range.'Climate change isn't so much leading to widespread increases in this disease but rather shifting where it is emerging.'White pine blister rust disease is caused by a pathogen, Cronartium ribicola, and it has led to a major decline of white pine species throughout the US.This includes whitebark pine, which is in the process of being listed as a threatened species.White pine blister rust kills branches, treetops and whole trees of Eastern white pine and causes leaf spots and leaf loss in currant and gooseberry plantsData shows there was a warmer, hotter period in the mountain range from 1996 to 2016, allowing the disease to move into higher elevationsScientists conducted the study over a five-year period DO WE KNOW WHEN? where they resurveyed long-term monitoring plots in the remote wilderness of Sequoia and Kings Canyon national parks, measured stable isotope signatures in pine needles and collected observations for over 7,800 individual host trees.The data also includes two surveys that were conducted 20 years apart.'What resulted is one of the first clear measurements of an infectious plant disease range shift into higher elevations, the researchers shared in a press release.Using the data, the team found white pine blister rust disease increased nearly seven percent over previous levels in colder upper elevations.The team saw the disease travel more than 483 miles higher up the mountain slopes.This amounted to an area expansion of about 200,000 acres, which exposed most hosts in Sequoia and Kings Canyon national parksThe team notes that the data shows its overall prevalence had declined in the area, but only because many infected trees in lower elevations died between surveys.'For white pines, the forests above Sequoia and Kings Canyon national parks have long served as a small refuge from white pine blister rust, but the projected expansion of the disease under climate change threatens that refuge,' the study published in the journal Nature suggests. While the white pine outlook appears grim, Dudney said being proactive about disease prevention could help slow the spread and detect new invasions.'Once they've experienced an epidemic, we have little recourse but to triage the area,' Dudney said.Nature is in more trouble now than at any time in human history with extinction looming over one million species of plants and animals, experts say.That's the key finding of the United Nations' (UN) first comprehensive report on biodiversity - the variety of plant and animal life in the world or in a particular habitat.The report - published on May 6, 2019 - says species are being lost at a rate tens or hundreds of times faster than in the past. Many of the worst effects can be prevented by changing the way we grow food, produce energy, deal with climate change and dispose of waste, the report said.The report's 39-page summary highlighted five ways people are reducing biodiversity:- Turning forests, grasslands and other areas into farms, cities and other developments. The habitat loss leaves plants and animals homeless. About three-quarters of Earth's land, two-thirds of its oceans and 85% of crucial wetlands have been severely altered or lost, making it harder for species to survive, the report said.- Overfishing the world's oceans. A third of the world's fish stocks are overfished.- Permitting climate change from the burning of fossil fuels to make it too hot, wet or dry for some species to survive. Almost half of the world's land mammals - not including bats - and nearly a quarter of the birds have already had their habitats hit hard by global warming.- Polluting land and water. Every year, 300 to 400 million tons of heavy metals, solvents and toxic sludge are dumped into the world's waters.
651	4	"Watch: The Climate Change Commission has recommended sweeping changes to society so that we can be Carbon Neutral by 2050. Credits: Video - Newshub; Image - Newshub NationThe ACT Party says the government's being asked to ""ban and ban and tax its way out of climate change"" by the Climate Commission.Leader David Seymour said the recommendations are to ban vehicles with internal combustion engines and new gas connections, to reduce herd sizes and increase taxes through the feebate scheme.He said the report should be binned and instead New Zealand should set a cap to reduce emissions in line with its partners, and ""let New Zealanders choose how they live, travel, and work within that cap"".Seymour said that if the rest of the world wanted to decarbonise, New Zealand should track them.""It is dangerous for a small trading nation to get out of sync with its trading partners for reasons of diplomacy, trade, and consumer preferences.""It would be foolish for New Zealand to 'lead' the world. Whether we like it or not we are a passenger on this journey, our emissions alone will not change the climate,"" he says.In place of the Zero Carbon Act, ACT would introduce a plan tying New Zealand's carbon price to the prices paid by its top five trading partners, he said.Climate Change Minister James Shaw told Midday Report the Commission's report was a call for the government to create more options for people to change habits and take advantage of practical alternatives to carbon-emitting ways of doing things.Shaw said the government needed to facilitate the necessary transition by planning for alternative modes of living.He said if the Commission report recommendations were implemented it would not only see a greater proportion of electric cars on the road, it would also be easier to get around towns and cities on public transport and other means of transport.""What the Commission has said is that we really need to lift our game as a country, mostly in our big cities where greatest concentrations of transport exist. In those places there is a really strong call for ... urban design, not just laying out our streets, but actually making sure people are able to live close to work and they've got shopping and entertainment and other things that are more accessible than they are at the moment...""But I think what the Commissioner is saying is we need to pull all of the levers that are available to us.""The Commission wants to see all petrol vehicle imports banned by 2035 and Shaw said there was good reason for doing so, especially because other countries were planning to ban these too.""One of the risks New Zealand faces is that, if we don't match them, then we will become a dumping ground for everybody's dirty, second-hand internal-combustion-engine vehicles.""He said Finance Minister Grant Robertson's allocation of $300 million in the Budget towards incentivising the uptake of electric vehicles, and the biofuels mandate to power those internal combustion vehicles still on the roads after 2035, would help that transition away from fossil fuels and continued carbon pollution.He said the Commissioner wanted the government to make better travel options available to people.Shaw said he also expected farmers to play their part in creating a changed environment and that there was evidence they were taking ownership of that role themselves.""By the time we get to 2025 every farmer in the country is supposed to have the ability to see what the sources of the emissions are on their farm and also what the carbon sequention opportunities are on their farm,"" he said.""That was a really strong call from the sector - that they wanted farmers to be able to directly control what happens on their farm. And so generally speaking, with some exceptions, I think the sector is broadly on board ... that direction.""Shaw said the problem and the solution was systemic, as there were prohibitive factors influencing people's behaviours. Making electric cars more affordable and creating alternative means of getting around without a private vehicle created an environment where people could make practical, realistic choices other than the narrow ones being made now.""I think it's important not to say that it's all on individual behaviour because it isn't. They need to have options open to them to do the thing that they want to do."""
428	3	"High-tech tracking collars on nine female polar bears have measured the animals' efforts to find food on the diminishing Arctic ice.Each bear wore a collar - recording video, location and activity levels - for 8-12 days, while metabolic tracers tracked the bears' energy use.This revealed that most of the animals were unable to catch enough prey to meet their energy needs.The team says wild bears have higher metabolic rates than thought. Moreover, climate change appears to be having dramatic effects on the Arctic sea-ice, forcing polar bears to move greater distances as they hunt, and making it harder for them to catch prey.The vision of a polar bear plucking a vulnerable seal off an ice floe is something familiar to wildlife documentary fanatics. Earlier this winter, though, an image of an emaciated polar bear went viral, with many asking if this was the telltale image of climate change. The authors of this study, published in the journal Science, point out that the animals do now need to travel further to find seals, and that this is likely to be an ""important factor explaining declines in their body condition and survival"" of polar bears.In Spring of 2014, 2015, and 2016, Anthony Pagano, a researcher at the University of California Santa Cruz and his colleagues, set out to track the polar bears' hunting and survival during this critical season. They captured nine females on the sea-ice of the Beaufort Sea and measured the metabolic rates of each bear using blood and urine samples. They also fitted the bear with the GPS-camera collars, to record and film their activity. ""We found that polar bears actually have much higher energy demands than predicted. They need to be catching a lot of seals,"" Mr Pagano explained. The extent of Arctic sea-ice, as measured at its minimum in September, is decreasing at a rate of about 14% per decade, which is likely reducing polar bears' access to seals. And their plight could be exacerbated by the need to alter hunting strategies with the seasons. In the spring, the researchers explained polar bears are mostly preying on juvenile seals. But later in the year, after the bears' long summer fast, those young seals are older and wiser, meaning polar bears are not able to catch as many. ""It's thought that bears might catch a couple per month in the fall, compared to five to 10 per month in the spring and early summer,"" Mr Pagano said.""We now have the technology to learn how they are moving on the ice, their activity patterns, and their energy needs, so we can better understand the implications of these changes we are seeing in the sea-ice."""
202	5	GLASGOW — President Biden will walk into a riverside event space on Monday to try to convince a gathering of world leaders that the United States, which has pumped more greenhouse gases into the atmosphere than any other nation, is finally serious about addressing climate change and that others should follow its lead.But Mr. Biden is coming with a weaker hand than he had hoped.He has been forced to abandon the most powerful mechanism in his climate agenda: a program that would have quickly cleaned up the electricity sector by rewarding power companies that migrated away from fossil fuels and penalizing those that did not. His fallback strategy is a bill that would provide $555 billion in clean energy tax credits and incentives. It would be the largest amount ever spent by the United States to tackle global warming but would cut only about half as much pollution.And that proposal is still pending; Mr. Biden was unable to bridge divisions between progressives and moderates in his own party to cement a deal before leaving for Glasgow. If the legislation passes, he hopes to pair it with new environmental regulations, although they have yet to be completed and could be undone by a future president.The president traveled to Glasgow from Rome, where the world’s 20 largest economies met and decided on Sunday that they would no longer finance new coal operations overseas.But they failed to agree to set a date for ending the use of the dirtiest fossil fuel at home, with China, India and Australia especially resistant. And that did not bode well for significant progress at the climate talks in Glasgow.The leaders of the wealthy nations did say they were committed to the goal of the 2015 Paris Agreement to keep the rise in average global temperatures to 1.5 degrees Celsius, compared to preindustrial levels. That’s the threshold beyond which scientists say the dangers of global warming grow immensely. But the world is on track to heat up 2.7 degrees Celsius by 2100, and the G20 leaders were unable to agree on concrete steps to change that.Mr. Biden has made climate action a central theme of his presidency, winning praise from diplomats and other leaders, who expressed relief after former President Donald J. Trump had scoffed at climate science and had withdrawn the United States from global efforts to address the crisis.But they remain skeptical, having seen other American presidents promise ambitious action to confront climate change, only to fall short.“Every country has its own challenging legislation process, but ultimately what matters is the outcome,” said Lia Nicholson, a senior adviser to the Alliance of Small Island States, a bloc of vulnerable island nations.If Mr. Biden lacks a reliable plan for the United States to significantly cut its emissions this decade, it would “send a signal” to other major emitters that America is still not serious, she said. And it would be difficult for Mr. Biden to urge other countries to take more meaningful steps away from fossil fuels, others said.“Some of these countries are saying, ‘Oh yeah, but look at what you did guys, and now you’re coming back and demanding after you were away for the past four years?’” said Andrea Meza, the environment and energy minister of Costa Rica.Tensions were already running high ahead of the summit. China, currently the world’s top emitter, announced a new target on Thursday that was supposed to be a more ambitious plan to curb its pollution but is virtually indistinguishable from what it promised six years ago. President Xi Jinping has indicated he will not attend the summit in person, as have presidents of two other top polluting nations, Vladimir V. Putin of Russia and Jair Bolsonaro of Brazil.Democrats close to President Biden said he is painfully aware that the credibility of the United States is on the line in Glasgow, particularly after a botched withdrawal from Afghanistan this summer and a dust-up with France over a military submarine contract.Representative Ro Khanna, Democrat of California, met with the president recently to discuss how to salvage Mr. Biden’s legislative climate agenda.“He indicated that many world leaders like Putin and Xi are questioning the capability of American democracy to deliver, so we need to show them that we can govern,” Mr. Khanna said.Mr. Biden, who is accompanied in Glasgow by 13 Cabinet members, insists they have a story of success to tell, starting with his decision on his first day on the job to rejoin the 2015 Paris Agreement, an accord of nearly 200 countries to fight climate change, from which Mr. Trump had withdrawn the United States.Since then, Mr. Biden has taken several steps to cut emissions, including restoring and slightly strengthening auto pollution regulations to levels that existed under President Barack Obama but were weakened by Mr. Trump. He has taken initial steps to allow the development of large-scale wind farms along nearly the entire coastline of the United States, and last month finalized regulations to curb the production and use of potent planet-warming chemicals called hydrofluorocarbons, which are used in air-conditioners and refrigerators.But Mr. Biden is likely to emphasize the $555 billion that he wants Congress to approve as part of a huge spending bill. The climate provisions would promote wind and solar power, electric vehicles, climate-friendly agriculture and forestry programs, and a host of other clean energy programs. Together, those programs could cut the United States’ emissions up to a quarter from 2005 levels by 2030, analysts say.That’s about halfway to Mr. Biden’s goal of cutting the country’s emissions 50 to 52 percent below 2005 levels. “We go in with a fact pattern that is pretty remarkable, as well as real momentum,” Ali Zaidi, the deputy White House national climate adviser, told reporters.Mr. Biden plans to release tough new auto pollution rules designed to compel American automakers to ramp up sales of electric vehicles so that half of all new cars sold in the United States are electric by 2030, up from just 2 percent this year. His top appointees have also promised new restrictions on carbon dioxide emissions from coal and gas-fired power plants. And earlier this year, Biden administration officials said they would roll out a draft rule by September to regulate emissions of methane, a powerful planet-warming gas that leaks from existing oil and natural gas wells.So far, the administration has not offered drafts of any of those rules. Several administration sources said that delay has been due in part to staff shortages, as well as an effort not to upset any lawmakers before they vote on Mr. Biden’s legislative agenda.But time is running out. It can take years to complete work on such complex and controversial government policies, and several are likely to face legal challenges. On Friday, the U.S. Supreme Court, which has a conservative majority, said it would review the E.P.A.’s authority to regulate greenhouse gas emissions, potentially complicating Mr. Biden’s plans.For three decades, American politics have complicated global climate efforts.Former President Bill Clinton, a Democrat, joined the first global effort to tackle climate change, the 1997 Kyoto Protocol. His Republican successor, President George W. Bush, renounced the treaty. Mr. Obama, another Democrat, joined the 2015 Paris Agreement and rolled out dozens of executive orders to help meet his promises to cut emissions. His Republican successor, Mr. Trump, abandoned the accord, repealed more than 100 of Mr. Obama’s regulations and took steps to expand fossil fuel drilling and mining.Mr. Biden is facing similar resistance. No Republicans in Congress back his current climate effort. Representative Frank Lucas of Oklahoma, the top Republican on the House science committee, said the international community should be skeptical of the Biden administration’s promises. “I think they’ll roll their eyes just as people will continue to do in the United States,” Mr. Lucas said.The president has also struggled to win over two pivotal players within his own party. Senator Joe Manchin III, Democrat of West Virginia, has been steadfastly opposed to a central feature of Mr. Biden’s climate plan: a program that would have rapidly compelled power plants to switch from burning coal, oil and gas, to using wind, solar and other clean energy. Mr. Manchin’s state is a top coal and gas producer, and he has personal financial ties to the coal industry. He was able to kill the provision. Senator Kyrsten Sinema, Democrat of Arizona, has also withheld her support, saying she wants a more modest spending bill.Environmental leaders said America’s past inconsistency on climate action makes it more important for Mr. Biden to succeed now.“The U.S. has had to be dragged kicking and screaming to the climate table and has slowed down action that was needed to tackle the climate crisis,” said Mohamed Adow, director of Power Shift Africa, a Nairobi-based environmental think tank. “That is the legacy Biden has to deal with.”Average global temperatures have already risen about 1.1 degrees Celsius (2.7 degrees Fahrenheit), compared with preindustrial levels, locking in an immediate future of rising seas, destructive storms and floods, ferocious fires and more severe drought and heat.At least 85 percent of the planet’s population has already begun to experience the effects of climate change, according to research published in the journal Nature Climate Change. This summer alone, more than 150 people died in violent flooding in Germany and Belgium. In central China, the worst flooding on record displaced 250,000 people. In Siberia, summer temperatures reached as high as 100 degrees, feeding enormous blazes that thawed what was once permanently frozen ground.“Clearly, we are in a climate emergency. Clearly, we need to address it,” Patricia Espinosa, head of the U.N. climate agency, said Sunday as she welcomed delegates to Glasgow. “Clearly, we need to support the most vulnerable to cope. To do so successfully, greater ambition is now critical.”If the planet heats even a half-degree more, it could lead to water and food shortages, mass extinctions of plants and animals, and more deadly heat and storms, scientists say.Sara Noordeen is the chief climate envoy for the Maldives, an archipelago in the Indian Ocean. Most of the country comprises coral islands that sit only about three feet above sea level. Rising seas as a result of climate change mean the Maldives, which has been inhabited for thousands of years, could be submerged within a few generations.Mr. Biden’s election has brought “a lot of hope” to countries like hers, Ms. Noordeen said. But, she added, “he needs that legislation to go through as well.”
841	4	Exxon Mobil Corp shareholders on Wednesday rejected a proposal that would have forced the company’s board to create a special committee on climate change.Shareholders also defeated measures requiring the company to report the risks of climate change at chemical plants on the Gulf Coast in the United States and to report political contributions and lobbying.Under CEO Darren Woods, Exxon has launched major expansion programs to find and produce new reserves of oil and natural gas, as well as to expand the company’s refining and chemical footprint. Exxon has projected shale production of 1 million barrels per day at the Permian Basin around western Texas, the top US shale field, as early as 2024.Shareholders in recent years have pressed Exxon – the largest publicly traded oil producer – to define a path toward meeting the goals of the 2015 Paris Agreement to limit global warming. But the company has yet to commit to any targets.“Engagement on climate is important, but working on solutions through fundamental research and development for new technologies is also important,” said Woods. He pointed to a recent $100m commitment by Exxon to partner with the US Department of Energy’s national labs to research and bring lower-emission technologies to commercial scale.The Church Commissioners for England, the endowment fund of the Church of England – and New York State Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli, who manages the state’s pension fund – had urged other shareholders to vote in favor of an independent board chairman in a failed proposal that would have created a new role separate from that of the CEO.They pushed for the protest vote after the US Securities and Exchange Commission said in April that Exxon was not required to let investors vote on a shareholder submission calling for emissions targets “aligned with the greenhouse gas reduction goals established by the Paris climate agreement“.Exxon called that proposal misleading – though substantially implemented – and an attempt to interfere with management responsibilities.Edward Mason, head of responsible investment for the Church Commissioners for England, which presented two of the shareholder resolutions for Wednesday’s meeting, said Exxon’s European oil rival BP PLC has taken on “intensive, meaningful and independent director-led” work on climate issues supported by both the company and investors. Exxon, though, has been in “open conflict about climate strategy and disclosure” with its investors, Mason said.The independent board chair proposal won a record level of support, DiNapoli said. “Shareholders sent a strong message that they are dissatisfied with Exxon’s poor governance, which is preventing the company from adequately addressing climate risk,” DiNapoli said. “Exxon would ignore this level of support for an independent board chair at its own risk.”Exxon will continue to engage with shareholders as part of a “year-long process”, said Woods, the CEO.“The results are not totally unexpected, but you have to look at the vote counts as well,” said Robert Schuwerk, executive director for North America at Carbon Tracker, an independent financial think tank analysing the transition to clean energy.“Forty-one percent is higher than they’ve ever obtained, without much of a campaign around it,” he added, referring to the chairman proposal. “It will likely come up again next year and would only take a few more major shareholders [to pass].” “Shareholders are looking for more accountability at the board level,” Schuwerk told Al Jazeera, “integrating climate targets into the overall business plan and strategy”. Schuwerk also said oil giants are “not necessarily committing financial suicide by transitioning” to renewable energy, with “investors trying to create a glide path for that transition”.Meanwhile, more than 50 people organized by environmental group 350 Dallas held signs and chanted outside the Exxon shareholders’ meeting place to protest the company’s climate policies.“The climate crisis is real, and they have contributed to it,” said Olinka Green, 50, of Dallas, who held a sign that said, “There is no Planet B”.On Wednesday, Chevron Corp’s shareholders overwhelmingly rejected three environmental resolutions: proposals to create the company’s own board committee on climate change, to report on reducing carbon footprint, and to report on the human right to water. Meanwhile, Total S.A.’s shareholders on Wednesday approved chairman and chief executive officer Patrick Pouyanne’s 2018 and 2019 salary packages, and included climate change targets in his future pay deals.Pouyanne’s 2018 total salary compensation of 3.1 million euros ($3.5m) was approved by a majority of shareholders. His 2018 pay was down 17 percent compared to the previous year.For 2019, the shareholders approved Pouyanne’s package, which includes a fixed pay component of 1.4 million euros ($1.56m), the same as the previous year.The variable component could be up to 180 percent of the fixed component, and one of the targets to meet in the variable-pay component is to lower greenhouse gas emissions from Total S.A.’s oil and gas installations.Also on Wednesday, Royal Dutch Shell PLC announced it will disclose how much tax it pays in every country where it operates, in a striking reminder that major oil companies in Europe have embraced corporate accountability to a much greater extent than their US counterparts.
542	3	Many Americans say global warming is real. But far fewer believe it’s a pressing national priority.It’s a well-documented paradox that the average American citizen believes climate change is a much bigger deal than the average American legislator does.   That was the case in 1997 with Kyoto Protocol, which Congress refused to ratify despite public support for action. Today, as congressional Republicans grumble about the Paris climate talks, two-thirds of Americans support joining an international treaty addressing carbon emissions.That disconnect disappears, however, when you ask the right question. Late last year, a comprehensive survey conducted by the Public Religion Research Institute showed that only 5 percent of Americans saw climate change as the country’s No. 1 challenge. Most said jobs, income inequality, and health care were more important.“Climate change is an incredibly difficult issue to get really fired up about—its effects are so incremental and slow-moving, they’re difficult to perceive,” said Daniel Cox, PRRI’s director of research. “With the environment and the economy, there’s always a trade-off. And when people are are particularly economically distressed, support for environmental policy drops off.”If President Obama is to succeed in convincing Congress to support his climate change agenda, he first needs to widen support for immediate action in the American public. To do that, he’ll have to figure out who’s already with him.So if the profile of climate change “true believer” is currently a well-educated, left-leaning, agnostic Generation X-er, who’s next?Millennials. (Who else?) Given that generation’s interest in green living, its relatively soft engagement on climate compared to older Americans continues to surprise, Cox said. But that may change soon, opening up a new, wide avenue of support.“I think they’re just not tuned in,” he said. “Every younger generation goes through the same growing pains. You start off not being connected, but as you get older, you start paying attention to issues.”Another area of growth could be within the ranks of the faithful. Climate change, unlike abortion or gay marriage, doesn’t carry the baggage of the culture wars. And people who hear about global warming from the pulpit are more likely to call it a crisis, PRRI’s research shows.But perplexingly, the biggest block to climate change bipartisanship may be … well, partisanship. Polls show that the line between Republican and Democrats has hardened, Cox said. Absent a prominent Republican staking a claim on addressing global warming, he’s not sure how that’ll change. In the end, it may be the biggest demographic hurdle of all.
467	5	There are numerous ongoing legal challenges in an effort to determine who’s responsible for climate change. Exxon is under investigation by state attorneys general, cities are suing oil companies over sea level rise costs, and Our Children’s Trust is suing the federal government for failing to protect their generation from climate change. At the heart of these legal challenges lies the question – who bears culpability for climate change and liability for its costs and consequences?Exxon has been a prime target of these investigations and lawsuits since Inside Climate News’ investigative journalism revealed that the company’s internal climate science research warned of the dangers posed by human-caused global warming since the late 1970s.Recently, Dutch journalist Jelmer Mommers of De Correspondent unearthed internal documents from Shell that began warning of the dangers associated with human-caused climate change 30 years ago. The company’s 1988 report titled “The Greenhouse Effect” warned,by the time the global warming becomes detectable it could be too late to take effective countermeasures to reduce the effects or even stabilise the situation.And, particularly relevant to Our Children’s Trust’s lawsuits, Shell’s 1988 report warned of the climate consequences for future generations.Similarly, in a 1991 film called Climate of Concern, Shell warned,Global warming is not yet certain, but many think that to wait for final proof would be irresponsible. Action now is seen as the only safe insurance.The case against Exxon and Shell is similar to the case against the tobacco companies – that they engaged in fraud to deceive the American public about the health effects of their products. However, the oil companies modified the tobacco playbook. Rather than directly misinform the public, they funneled money to conservative think tanks who did the dirty work as Merchants of Doubt. By both outsourcing the misinformation campaign and allowing their scientists to publish research in peer-reviewed journals – where it was available to but largely unseen by the public – the oil companies tried to buffer themselves against the legal liability that took down the tobacco industry.The case against the fossil fuel industry largely relies on proving that these companies deceived the American public about the threats posed by consuming their products. The case against the federal government appears more straightforward. In their defense against the cities suing over sea level rise damages, the oil industry lawyers essentially argued that the blame lies not on the producers, but rather the consumers of fossil fuels, and that any economic issues should be addressed through policy rather than in the court system.But of course, the American government has failed to implement climate policies over the past two decades. In 1998, the Senate refused to ratify the Kyoto Protocol. The Bush Administration censored government climate science reports and took no action to address climate change. Thanks to a Republican filibuster threat, a carbon cap and trade bill that had passed the House died in the Senate in 2009. The Obama administration finally took concrete steps to address climate change, for example by drafting the Clean Power Plan and signing the Paris climate accords, but the Trump administration has (at least temporarily) reversed all of those efforts.In short, Our Children’s Trust is correct to allege that the American government has failed to protect the coming generations from the threats and damages of climate change.The oil companies do make a valid point that consumers share the blame for causing climate change. The public has been aware of the climate threat for over a decade – the subject was popularized in An Inconvenient Truth in 2006. Yet 12 years later, Americans are still buying gas guzzling trucks and SUVs, while hybrid and electric vehicles account for just 3% of new car sales. While the electrical grid has become cleaner due to the falling costs of wind, solar, and natural gas displacing coal power plants, Americans haven’t done much to demand or spark that sort of change in other energy sectors. That would take climate policy, which most Americans (including Trump voters) support, but their support is shallow. It’s not an issue that decides votes, so policymakers aren’t pressured to take action.The fossil fuel industry certainly bears some responsibility for having funneled tens of millions of dollars to climate-denying think tanks that have worked hard to misinform the American public. Republican Party politicians and conservative media outlets have followed their lead in helping to convey that climate misinformation. A recent study found evidence that “Americans may have formed their attitudes [on climate change] by using party elite cues” delivered via the media. The history books will not reflect well on today’s American conservatives.However, when hybrid cars have been mass produced for over 20 years and yet 97% of new cars sold in America are still powered exclusively by inefficient, polluting, 19th Century internal combustion engine technology, Americans as a whole are also failing to do their part to curb climate change. There’s plenty of blame to go around for the mounting climate costs, but so far, taxpayers are footing the whole bill. There may eventually be a court case in which the fossil fuel industry, like the tobacco industry before it, is held responsible for its role in deceiving the American public about the dangers of carbon pollution. And American voters will eventually punish the Republican Party for its decades of climate denial and policy obstruction. Accountability is coming.
435	5	"Getting countries to cut down greenhouse gases that cause global warming is proving an uphill task.But convincing them to clean their air for public health has been easier - and that could help fight climate change as well, UN officials have told the BBC.They say an international effort to cut down air pollution is showing some promise with regards to warming gases.The global effort to tackle emissions will be debated on Monday at the UN Climate Action Summit in New York.The Climate and Clean Air Coalition was formed by six countries.The United Nations Environment Programme (Unep) hosts the secretariat of the coalition, which was formed in 2012 and today counts more than 100 governments as members.""We have seen that countries are forthcoming to join this initiative as it is about immediate public health,"" says Jian Liu, Unep's chief scientist.""And it has co-benefits: air quality and the climate.""So, can we really tackle both problems with a single effort?While some of the gases tick both boxes, others are air pollutants without a warming effect, and vice versa.When scientists talk about cutting down greenhouse gases that are blamed for warming the planet, they are mainly targeting carbon dioxide (CO2).That is because it amounts to nearly two-thirds of emissions and can stay in the atmosphere for thousands of years.Last year, it reached 411 parts per million (ppm) at Hawaii's Mauna Loa Atmospheric Baseline Observatory, the highest monthly average ever recorded.Some experts say 350ppm is the safe limit while others argue 400ppm should be the reasonable target.Burning of fossil fuels, wood and solid waste leads to CO2 emissions. Some industrial processes and land-use changes, including deforestation, also lead to emission of this major greenhouse gas.But because the world's economy still largely runs on fossil fuels, energy politics has severely hindered progress in CO2 emissions reduction to fight climate change.But scientists say there are other gases that pollute the air and also warm the planet.Black carbon and methane are air pollutants that are also responsible for 30-40% of global warming, according to atmospheric scientists with Unep.The sectors that produce the vast majority of greenhouse gases - energy, transport, industry, agriculture, waste management and land use - are also the main sources of these air pollutants.So curbing their emissions, experts say, will help people's health and also that of the planet.They are also known as Short-Lived Climate Pollutants (SCLP).""Acting swiftly to reduce SCLP emissions will benefit human health immediately and slow the rate of near-term warming - benefits that will mostly be felt in the regions where emissions are reduced,"" according to a recent report from the World Health Organization (WHO).SLCP emissions could reduce warming by as much as 0.6C by 2050, it adds, while avoiding 2.4 million premature deaths from ambient air pollution annually by 2030.The UN health agency estimates that air pollution inside and outside the home contributes to around seven million premature deaths worldwide.More than four million of these deaths are caused by outdoor air pollution.The most common outdoor air pollutants are fine airborne particles, which are broken down into categories known as PM1, PM2.5 and PM10, based on size.Respiratory infections, heart disease, lung cancer and even brain development impairment have been linked to PM2.5.These are fine particles, measuring one-thirtieth the diameter of a human hair, that can reach lungs and bloodstream if inhaled.While particulate matter counts as an air pollutant, one of its components - black carbon - is a short-lived climate pollutant.Its deposition on snowfields has also been blamed for absorbing sunlight and accelerating melting.There are currently no national or international regulatory obligations to monitor, measure or report releases of black carbon, WHO officials say.Another invisible combination of pollutants is ground level ozone that comes from traffic, landfill, agriculture and other sources.One of ozone's precursors is nitrogen oxide, which comes from fossil fuel combustion. This has been liked to bronchitis in asthmatic children, reducing their lung function.But it is also a greenhouse gas.For more on the UK's efforts to tackle CO2 emissions, download the BBC Briefing on energy. Part of a mini-series of downloadable guides to the big issues in the news, it has input from academics, researchers and journalists and is the BBC's response to demands for better explanation of the facts behind the headlines.""The theory that if you cut down air pollution, it will help in reducing emissions of some of the greenhouse gases that cause climate change is quite sound,"" said Lesley Ott, an atmospheric scientist with Nasa.""So, for instance, if you could make your power plants less polluting, you cut down emissions of greenhouse gases, as well as reduce air pollution.""But you will still have to tackle the issue of cutting down CO2 emissions because that is the main greenhouse gas we are emitting and that remains in the atmosphere for long time.""Experts say the Paris climate agreement does not require countries to report on their steps to reduce SLCPs.Under the agreement that aims to keep global warming well below two degrees compared to pre-industrial times, countries are required to submit reports on their actions to mitigate climate change.It is legally non-binding requirement.""Meeting the targets of the Paris agreement is likely impossible without cutting SLCP emissions,"" said Jian Liu.Although UN officials are glad that countries support cutting down air pollutants that could also lead to curbing greenhouse gas emissions, they admit lack of reporting and monitoring remains a major challenge."
939	0	Fiji rugby is at the centre of another scandal with calls to suspend it from rugby following a revelation that a convicted rapist has been training in public while serving an eight-year sentence. Sevens star Amenoni Nasilasila participated in rugby training with the Prison Warden’s team and local side Namosi at the Suva Grammar School grounds. Nasilasila was stood down from rugby in 2019 pending a court ruling after he had been charged with rape. He was was subsequently convicted and jailed for raping a 24-year-old woman in Olosara, Sigatoka in 2018. He was sentenced to eight years imprisonment with a non-parole period of six years in the High Court in Lautoka. He is appealing that in a case to be heard on July 27. READ MORE: * Bill Beaumont distances himself from controversial Fiji rugby official Francis Kean * Threat to rugby's Olympic status from Fiji fallout  * Amnesty International praises Pacific Island players group for speaking out against Fiji's Francis Kean * Francis Kean scandal exposes urgent need for World Rugby to have fit-and-proper-person test * Fiji Rugby Union withdraws convicted killer Francis Kean's nomination for World Rugby committee * Pacific Island players' group lash World Rugby bid by Fiji RFU boss Francis Kean * Inquiry into convicted Fijian killer's bid for World Rugby executive seat  The Prison Warden’s team Nasilasila was seen training with falls under the jurisdiction of Fiji Corrections Service Commissioner Commander Francis Kean, who was stood down by the World Rugby Council after revelations that the convicted killer had made homophobic remarks about prisoners. Kean was convicted of manslaughter after killing a man in 2006 and served three months of an 18-month sentence after the assault. The revelations about Nasilasila’s continued rugby involvement has seen The Sunday Times in Britain, which broke the Kean story, calling on World Rugby to again take action. Rugby correspondent Stephen Jones noted that Fijian rugby now has a high-performance academy for women, funded by World Rugby and “under the managership of one of Fiji’s greatest, Simon Raiwalui” which had got off to a stunning start. But that was no mired by this controversy. “How many of those smiles have already gone from the faces of rugby’s women and their sex in general? While we should admire World Rugby’s initiative, there are clear grounds today for expelling Fiji from the sport at all levels and we unequivocally call upon World Rugby to do so,” Jones wrote. Kean was questioned about Nasilasila and confirmed that nine inmates have played representative rugby while being incarcerated since 1984. Kean told the Fiji Sun there were many inmates involved in sports activities. The paper reported that past inmates have played rugby for Nadroga, Nadi and Namosi, with two inmates currently playing for the Wardens team and Namosi in the Skipper Cup. Four prisoners had participated in boxing from the 1990s to 2000s. They all had to be assessed as “low risk” to qualify for the programme. The Fiji Corrections Services Director of Rehabilitation Senior Superintendent Salote Panapasa, also defended Nasilasila’s involvement. “The Fiji Corrections Service knows what is best for Nasilasila, as we have professional psychologists and counsellors that have assessed him and similarly ensured that he completed the necessary rehabilitation treatment programmes to be eligible for such activities,” Panapasa told The Fiji Times. Panapasa said that the criticism of the Nasilasila participation was “disheartening and counterproductive”. “We do not condone the actions of Nasilasila however it is our duty at FCS to positively address his offending behaviour. Nasilasila has displayed the necessary progress expected of him since his incarceration.”
277	5	"Governments are running out of time to address climate change and to avoid the worst effects of rising temperatures, an influential UN panel warned yesterday.Greater energy efficiency, renewable electricity sources and new technology to dump carbon dioxide underground can all help to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, the experts said. But there could be as little as eight years left to avoid a dangerous global average rise of 2C or more.The warning came in a report from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) published yesterday in Bangkok. It says most of the technology needed to stop climate change in its tracks already exists, but that governments must act quickly to force through changes across all sectors of society. Delays will make the problem more difficult, and more expensive.Rajendra Pachauri, who chairs the IPCC, said the report would underpin negotiations to develop a new international treaty to regulate emissions to replace the Kyoto protocol when it expires in 2012.The report said little on the best way to encourage greater take-up of cleaner technologies. A delegate present at the negotiations said the passages on international policy options had been watered down by the US, which is opposed to Kyoto-style agreements that rely on binding targets.Harlan Watson, head of the US delegation, said the report ""highlights the importance of a portfolio of clean energy technologies, consistent with our approach"".There were also rows about the role of nuclear power, with countries including Spain and Austria opposed to any form of words that endorsed an increase in electricity from nuclear technology.David Miliband, the environment secretary, said: ""Last year, the Stern review showed that we needed to act urgently to tackle climate change and that it was economically feasible to do so. The IPCC has confirmed that finding, and that we have access to the technology we need to take that action. We simply can't afford any other option but to act. That's why we're pushing hard for negotiations to start on a new global climate deal this year, and are working through the G8 group of nations and the UN climate change conference.""Yesterday's report follows two studies by the IPCC this year, which said unrestrained greenhouse gas emissions could drive global temperatures up as much as 6C by 2100, triggering a surge in ocean levels, destruction of vast numbers of species, economic devastation in tropical zones and mass human migrations.The report said global emissions must peak by 2015 for the world to have any chance of limiting the expected temperature rise to 2C, which would still leave billions of people short of water by 2050.Michael Roberts, of the Confederation of British Industry, said: ""The report signals that there are barriers to realising the range of opportunities identified and that we all - consumers, businesses and governments - have a role to play in overcoming these obstacles. The debate now needs to be focused on action.""Hans Verolme, director of the WWF climate change programme, said: ""The IPCC has delivered a road map for keeping the planet safe. Now it's the turn of politicians to do more than pay just lip service."" Dear Bill Gates: Will you lead the fight against climate change?"
624	3	"Climate change protestors due to face a Brisbane magistrate on Wednesday have attracted support from the Greens.The protest did not only cause traffic chaos in the Brisbane CBD on Tuesday,  but the climate change protesters also forced the relocation of a Red Cross blood donor van at a time when supply levels of O-negative blood are at an all time low.72 protestors were arrested on Wednesday, with Liberal MP Keith Pitt telling Sky News ""I don't think the people of Queensland will put up with this for much longer"".Image: Getty"
281	5	"More than 120 leaders will speak Monday in the very same city to begin the COP26 climate talks, where they will set the tone for two weeks of negotiations that can either end with a plan to rapidly decarbonize the planet, or make watery statements to delay what the science shows is needed, possibly pushing it off until it's too late. Climate leaders and experts are calling it the world's last best chance to address the climate crisis.UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson, whose government is hosting the talks, will warn Monday that humanity has run down the clock on climate change.""It's one minute to midnight, and we need to act now,"" he will say in an opening speech, according to remarks sent to journalists. ""We have to move from talk and debate and discussion to concerted, real-world action on coal, cars, cash and trees. Not more hopes and targets and aspirations, valuable though they are, but clear commitments and concrete timetables for change.""The G20 leaders' meeting that ended in Rome on Sunday suggests that leaders are finally listening to the science, but they still lack the political unity to make the ambitious decisions required to meet the moment.The latest UN climate science report published in August made clear what needs to happen -- deep, sustained cuts to greenhouse gas emissions over this decade to have any chance of limiting global warming to 1.5 degrees above levels before industrialization. Even with all the newly announced pledges, the world is still on track for 2.7 degrees of heating. Global warming beyond 1.5 degrees will bring worsening impacts of the climate crisis. But the positive news is that the 1.5 limit is entirely in our reach. The UN report showed that by mid-century, the world needs to reach net zero -- where greenhouse gas emissions are no greater than the amount removed from the atmosphere -- and warming can be stopped in its tracks. All of this scientific language was in the G20 leaders' communiqué, including an acknowledgment that to meet net zero by mid-century, many member nations will need to lift their emissions-reductions pledges, known as Nationally Determined Contributions (NDCs), over this decade. But their failure to put an end date on the use of coal -- the single biggest contributor to climate change -- and to get all countries to firmly commit to net zero by 2050 (as opposed to 2060, as China, Russia and Saudi Arabia have pledged) shows that the countries that use and produce fossil fuels still have a huge amount of sway in global deals on climate. Indeed, China's long-awaited new emissions pledge submitted last week was just a fraction higher than its previous one. Russia's Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said Sunday it wouldn't be strong-armed into net zero by 2050. Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison showed no interest in consigning coal to history. India has made no net-zero pledge and, as European lawmaker Bas Eickhout told CNN, it was one of a handful of nations against putting a date on phasing out coal. Huge gap between pledges and actionMichael Mann, a leading scientist at Pennsylvania State University, said it is promising that leaders have acknowledged they need to do more on emissions this decade, but what is important is making sure all big emitters have plans that are consistent with keeping warming below 1.5 degrees. ""And also a closing of the 'implementation gap' -- that is to say, the gap between what heads of state have nominally committed to, and what they're actually doing,"" Mann said.Mann warned that COP26 must not be a summit for delay tactics and said he still had hope that countries could agree to a phaseout of coal at the talks, even if the G20 leaders failed to agree on that point. ""The rather conservative International Energy Agency itself has said there can be no new fossil fuel infrastructure if we are to avert dangerous warming. And the G7 nations committed to phasing out coal and ending support for new coal projects earlier this summer,"" Mann said. ""We need to see similar commitments from the G20 countries, including an accelerated schedule for phasing out coal.""The G20 statement did commit to an end to coal financing abroad by the end of this year. Chinese President Xi Jinping at the UN General Assembly in September announced an end to Chinese financing of international coal, taking the biggest global financier of coal projects out of the mix. Helen Mountford, vice president of climate and economics at the World Resources Institute, said the agreement and current emissions pledges are not ambitious enough to avoid the most dangerous levels of warming and many were unlikely to actually get countries on track for their own net-zero plans. ""To keep the 1.5°C goal within reach, countries need to set 2030 climate targets that chart a realistic pathway to deliver these net-zero commitments,"" she said in a statement. ""Currently, a number of G20 countries are not on a credible trajectory to reach their net-zero goals, including Australia, Russia, China, Saudi Arabia, Brazil and Turkey.""'This isn't nearly enough'UN Secretary-General António Guterres said Sunday that he was leaving Rome ""with my hopes unfulfilled — but at least they are not buried."" He was hopeful that Glasgow could still ""keep the goal of 1.5 degrees alive.""His comments reflect the mood of many at COP26. If the G20 couldn't put an end date on coal and make a firm net-zero commitment, there is a sense that getting the whole world on board with those key issues simply won't happen. There is also an issue of trust. The developed world promised more than a decade ago it would transfer $100 billion a year to the Global South to help it transition to low-carbon economies and to adapt to the new world of the climate crisis. That target was not met last year, and a report from the COP26 presidency published last week showed it wouldn't be met until 2023, with the current pledges in hand. Mohamed Nasheed, Maldives' former President who leads the Climate Vulnerable Forum, lamented the lack of action in the G20's statement, particularly on the failure to phase out coal. Maldives is a frontline nation in the climate crisis and risks being submerged by sea level rise by the end of the century. ""This is a welcome start,"" Nasheed said in a statement. ""But it won't stop the climate from heating more than 1.5 degrees and devastating large parts of the world, including the Maldives. And so, clearly, this isn't nearly enough.""Net zero, the phaseout of coal and delivering on climate finance will still be a priority for negotiators. Other areas that could prove successful are an agreement on ending and reversing deforestation by 2030 and movement around speeding up the transition to electric vehicles globally. Tom Burke, co-founder of climate think tank E3G, was more optimistic, saying the G20 statement showed a change in thinking among leaders around the urgency of the climate crisis. ""The big win is this shift in the focus from 2050 to 2030. I think that's an important big win,"" he told CNN. ""It sends it off to a better start than we had been expecting. The political agreement achieved at the G20 will create political impetus as leaders meet to start the COP."""
661	5	"This article appears as part of Stuff's partnership with Covering Climate Now, a global collaboration of more than 300 news outlets to strengthen coverage of the climate story. OPINION: On the eve of the September UN Climate Action Summit, young women and men around the world mobilised by the millions and told global leaders: ""You are failing us"". They are right. Global emissions are increasing. Temperatures are rising. The consequences for oceans, forests, weather patterns, biodiversity, food production, water, jobs and, ultimately, lives, are already dire - and set to get much worse. The science is undeniable. But in many places, people don't need a chart or graph to understand the climate crisis. They can simply look out the window. READ MORE: * Pessimistic world leaders reveal a planet in a very bad mood * PM Jacinda Ardern calls climate change 'perfect trade opportunity' in optimistic UN speech * Greta Thunberg's emotional speech to UN: 'We will never forgive you' * Climate change 'accelerating': World leaders feel the heat in upcoming UN climate summit * UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres urges public pressure to address the climate ‘emergency’ Climate chaos is playing out in real time from California to the Caribbean, and from Africa to the Arctic and beyond. Those who contributed least to the problem are suffering the most. I have seen it with my own eyes from cyclone-battered Mozambique to the hurricane-devastated Bahamas to the rising seas of the South Pacific. I called the Climate Action Summit to serve as a springboard to set us on the right path ahead of crucial 2020 deadlines established by the Paris Agreement on climate change. And many leaders - from many countries and sectors - stepped up. A broad coalition - not just governments and youth, but businesses, cities, investors and civil society - came together to move in the direction our world so desperately needs to avert climate catastrophe. More than seventy countries committed to net zero carbon emissions by 2050, even if major emitters have not yet done so. More than 100 cities did the same, including several of the world's largest. At least seventy countries announced their intention to boost their national plans under the Paris agreement by 2020. Small Island States together committed to achieve carbon neutrality and to move to 100 per cent renewable energy by 2030. Countries from Pakistan to Guatemala, Colombia to Nigeria, New Zealand to Barbados vowed to plant more than 11 billion trees. More than 100 leaders in the private sector committed to accelerating their move into the green economy. A group of the world's largest asset-owners - responsible for directing more than $2 trillion - pledged to move to carbon-neutral investment portfolios by 2050. This is in addition to a recent call by asset managers representing nearly half the world's invested capital – some $34 trillion – for global leaders to put a meaningful price on carbon and phase out fossil fuel subsidies and thermal coal power worldwide. The International Development Finance Club pledged to mobilise $1 trillion in clean energy funding by 2025 in 20 least developed countries. One-third of the global banking sector signed up to align their businesses with the Paris agreement objectives and Sustainable Development Goals. The Summit also showcased ways in which cities and global industries like shipping can achieve major reductions in emissions. Initiatives to protect forests and safeguard water supplies were also highlighted. These steps are all important - but they are not sufficient. From the beginning, the Summit was designed to jolt the world and accelerate action on a wider scale. It also served as a global stage for hard truths and to shine a light on those who are leading and those who are not. Deniers or major emitters have nowhere to hide. I will continue to encourage them to do much more at home and drive green economic solutions around the world. Our planet needs action on a truly planetary scale. That cannot be achieved overnight, and it cannot happen without the full engagement of those contributing most to the crisis. If our world is to avoid the climate cliff, far more is needed to heed the call of science and cut greenhouse emissions by 45 per cent by 2030; reach carbon neutrality by 2050; and limit temperature rise to 1.5 degrees Celsius by the end of the century. That's how we can secure the future of our world. Too many countries still seem to be addicted to coal – even though cheaper, greener options are available already. We need much more progress on carbon pricing, ensuring no new coal plants by 2020, and ending trillions of dollars in giveaways of hard-earned taxpayers' money to a dying fossil fuel industry to boost hurricanes, spread tropical diseases, and heighten conflict. At the same time, developed countries must fulfill their commitment to provide $100 billion a year from public and private sources by 2020 for mitigation and adaptation in developing countries. And I will make sure that the commitments that countries, the private sector and local authorities have made are accounted for - starting in December at the UN Climate conference in Santiago, Chile. The UN is united in support of realising these initiatives. Climate change is the defining issue of our time. Science tells us that on our current path, we face at least 3C of global heating by the end of the century. I will not be there, but my granddaughters will. I refuse to be an accomplice in the destruction of their one and only home. Young people, the UN – and a growing number of leaders from business, finance, government, and civil society – in short, many of us – are mobilising and acting. But we need many others to take climate action if we are to succeed. We have a long way to go. But the movement has begun. António Guterres is Secretary-General of the United Nations"
897	3	Climate Change Minister James Shaw says the Government’s moves to address climate change must not hurt any group in society so much that it sparks yellow-vest-style public protests. Shaw said the experience of France was important: the country had high enthusiasm for addressing climate change but a large growth in carbon taxes ended up sparking nationwide “Gilet Jaunes” or yellow-vest protests. He said a government that sparked similar protests would lose social licence and be forced to halt any plans to address climate change. Shaw on Wednesday made a speech laying out the Government’s principles for its Emissions Reduction Plan, saying that large-scale economic changes in New Zealand had too often involved “corrosive inequality”.  READ MORE: * Government takes to the airwaves, promising big change on climate policy * Greens reflect on year of climate change action * James Shaw won the battle on climate change, not the war * Student climate change strike: Why young Kiwis are demanding more action * Fighting climate change wouldn't stop our economy, but it might hurt the poor  This was why a “just transition” was needed. “We will only have succeeded if we transition to our low-carbon future in a way that also helps unwind existing patterns of inequality,” Shaw said. “Because if we don’t, if the transition simply locks in or exacerbates those existing patterns of inequality, then we simply won’t have the social licence to continue the transition. It will become in itself unsustainable. “Witness the yellow-vest protests in France. France is a country with huge public support for climate action. But when the government brought in a carbon tax on fossil fuels, increasing household costs, it faced tremendous opposition, because the distributional impacts of the transition were not managed at the same time.” Shaw said part of this would concern supporting existing low-carbon professions like teaching, social care and nursing. He said that without reform, climate change would hurt many jobs across the country based on nature in agriculture and tourism. Shaw’s speech did not include specific policies, which would have to go through Cabinet. The other principles were that the transition must be science-led, focused on nature itself, respect the Treaty of Waitangi, and that it be clear and affordable. He said businesses needed certainty on the long-term emissions pathway that could be relied upon even if the government changed. “We will signal policies early, so businesses and communities have time to plan and confidence to invest,” Shaw said. “We will work to build consensus and cross-party support for the emissions budgets so that if the government changes, the direction of travel stays the same.” While National signed on to the Zero Carbon Act, climate change policy has become more politically contentious of late as the Government has resurrected the “feebate” policy – killed off by NZ First last term. National has vociferously opposed the feebate and attacked the independent Climate Change Commission. Shaw said being in opposition placed certain pressures on the National Party when it came to climate, particularly when it was in a weaker position as it was this term.
731	2	"Former White House Deputy Chief of Staff Jim Messina provides insight on ‘America’s Newsroom.’Across the world, politicians are now promising climate policies costing tens of trillions of dollars – money we don’t have and resources that are desperately needed elsewhere.Yet, climate campaigners tell us, if we don’t spend everything on climate now, nothing else matters, because climate change threatens our very civilization. As President Biden says: climate change is ""an existential threat"".Yes, climate change is a real problem. However, it is typically vastly exaggerated, and the resulting alarmism is exploited to justify the wasteful spending of trillions.Pointing this out will get you canceled. I should know, because I have personally been on the receiving end of this climate alarmism enforcement for years. I was recently scheduled to give a public lecture at Duke University when a group of climate-politicized professors – some who write for the UN Climate Panel – publicly asked Duke to cancel my appearance.One of my presentation points was highlighting the latest full U.N. Climate Panel report that estimates the total cost of climate change. They found that unmitigated climate change in half a century will reduce general welfare equivalent to lowering each person’s income by between 0.2 and 2%.Given that the U.N. expects each person on the planet to be much better off – 363% as wealthy as today – climate might cause us to only be 356% as rich by then. That is a problem, but certainly not the end of the world.Why don’t most people know this? Because stories of catastrophe and human guilt garner more clicks and are better for weaponizing political arguments. Unfortunately, we’re unlikely to make good decisions if we’re panicked. The political forces looking to spend the climate trillions and the academia segment supplying the fear want to scrub the climate debate of anything but the scariest scenarios. They want an unwavering allegiance to vigorous spending on climate policy, no matter its effectiveness. They insist on treating this issue as a moral binary choice instead of a realistic balancing of costs and effectiveness that would allow for our many other challenges to be heard as well.The easiest way to get societies to authorize the spending of tens of trillions we don’t have is to scare us.Certainly, the professors at Duke didn’t want anyone to hear dissenting facts.They tried to stop the lecture through outright lies, such as claiming that my funding comes from Exxon and the Koch brothers. These claims are categorically untrue. They also declared that I had been deemed scientifically dishonest, although the mock trial that  originated that claim has been completely overturned and annulled because it contained no arguments.More worryingly, they raged about how climate catastrophes are so terrible that we should not allow any more climate debate. Yet, their claims were almost uniformly untrue.They said that ""much of the Australian continent"" had been devoured in climate-induced fire. But we know from satellite measurements, published in Nature, that while the fires near population centers had severe impacts, the total land area burned was 4% – one of the lowest-ever percentages, from an average this century of 6.2% and last century of 10.1%.Four percent is not ""much of the Australian continent."" Such claims are more like rantings from people who have been watching too much alarmist TV.They claimed that ""countless lives"" are being lost to climate-related disasters worldwide. Yet, the International Disaster Database shows that in the 2010s, 18,357 people died each year from climate-related impacts such as floods, droughts, storms, wildfire and extreme temperatures. That is the lowest death count in the past century, a 96% decline since the 1920s, despite a larger global population. And 2020 had an even lower death count at 8,086.Yet, we can only know this when we’re allowed to hear facts presented. Thankfully, Duke University didn’t cave to their craven arguments (you can watch my talk here), but the attempts to suppress free speech, facts and knowledge continue.The easiest way to get societies to authorize the spending of tens of trillions we don’t have is to scare us. The academic and activist faction that sets the threatening tone in the climate conversation want dissent eliminated, leaving themselves the only ones authorized to tell you how scared you should be. To avoid wasting trillions, we should not let them."
843	5	"As public consultation on the Government's plan to tackle climate change gets underway, there are some positives for farmers, organisations representing them say. Climate Change Minister James Shaw launched consultation on the proposed Zero Carbon Bill in Auckland on Thursday and began a nationwide series of public meetings in Whangarei on Friday. Shaw said consultation aimed to answer several important climate policy-related questions, including whether all gases that caused climate change should be treated the same, or be weighted differently based on whether they cause short-term or long-term warming. READ MORE: * Climate change: Government wants public views on fighting it * Expert panel critical of government's climate change planning * Farmer involvement crucial for Zero Carbon Bill  Federated Farmers climate change spokesman Andrew Hoggard said it was a positive that the discussion document recognised methane from livestock as a recycling, not accumulating, greenhouse gas. ""Methane has a half-life of around 12 years, whereas carbon dioxide stays in the atmosphere for hundreds of years,"" Hoggard said. ""The alternatives the ministry has called for feedback on includes the valid and practical option of stabilising emissions of short-lived gases, including methane, while pushing for net zero long-lived gases, including nitrous oxide, by 2050."" Kiwi farmers had responded to constant land use, and the country's agriculture sector and research into reducing emissions on farms were considered leading edge, Hoggard said. ""The research into mitigations is ongoing but we are yet to produce any 'silver bullet' options that will create a dramatic change in emissions beyond the incremental gains we have been making year on year,"" he said. ""So while this work is extremely positive we can in no way bank on the fact that farmers will have available to them options to reduce their methane and nitrous oxide emissions in a dramatic fashion. ""It's 'global warming' we are all talking about not 'New Zealand warming', so we need to bear in mind that actions in New Zealand could have unintended consequences at international level. Beef + Lamb New Zealand also supported the Government's proposal to explore a split gas approach, chief executive Sam McIvor said. ""We know that the various greenhouse gases have different lifespans and roles in climate change, so we're keen to bring the latest science to the table so that the Zero Carbon Bill reflects the latest scientific thought and provides a workable framework for the sheep and beef sector,"" he said. With severe weather events becoming more frequent, sheep and beef farmers felt the impacts of climate change first hand, McIvor said. ""We know that everyone has to do their bit to meet this challenge, and as a sector we've already reduced greenhouse gas emissions from livestock by 30 per cent since 1990. ""We've also set the target for our sector to be carbon neutral by 2050 as part of our new Environment Strategy and we're progressing a range of actions to help build on the good work that farmers are already doing."" B+LNZ had commissioned a study into existing native vegetation on sheep and beef farms to better understand the role on-farm planting could have in meeting emission reduction obligations. ""Preliminary indications are that existing native forest stocks on sheep and beef farms would contribute significantly towards our goal of carbon neutrality by 2050,"" McIvor said. ""Farmers are also exploring opportunities for planting more trees on sheep and beef farms. Their aim is to meet multiple environmental and other farming goals by clever planting."" DairyNZ chief executive Tim Mackle said the dairy industry had a vital role to play in helping transition New Zealand to a low-emissions economy but all sectors needed to work towards a common goal.  ""Planning for our future, as an agricultural nation, requires planning around a different climate while at the same time doing all we can to mitigate our greenhouse gas emissions,"" he said. ""Many farmers across the country are already thinking and working in this way. Much of the work they have underway to improve water quality also has the co-benefits of improving their greenhouse gas emissions."" For more information on the Zero Carbon Bill consultation and for the dates of public meetings and hui around the country visit ourclimateyoursay.nz."
32	0	"Pharmac will be removing most of NZ's medicine dispensing restrictions. Photo / FileMost of the temporary restrictions put on dispensing Government-funded medicine will be removed from midnight on July 31.Restrictions were put in place on March 27 as part of Pharmac's response to the Covid-19 pandemic.The move was made to prevent major strains on the supply chain of pharmacy drugs due to stockpiling. Most of New Zealand's pharmaceutical needs are sourced from overseas suppliers and the ability to restock the drugs quickly is extremely limited.""This means that from Saturday 1 August pharmacists will be able to return to dispensing three months' supply all at once for most medicines, with exceptions for those medicines which have continuing problems with supply,"" Pharmac's director of operations Lisa Williams said.""Medicines that were on monthly dispensing before 27 March 2020 will of course also continue to be dispensed monthly.""Williams said they are ""giving three weeks' notice because we know the sector (suppliers, wholesalers, distributors and pharmacies) need time to prepare for the return to all-at-once dispensing"".""We are removing the dispensing restrictions for most medicines because, following consultation with suppliers, distributors, and wholesalers, we are now confident that there is sufficient stock in New Zealand to support this change,"" says Williams.  Even though New Zealand is now at Level 1, international medicine supply chains are still being heavily affected by Covid-19.Williams said that the agency had contacted all contracted distributors, wholesalers, and pharmacies on the reinstatement of all-at-once dispensing, and ""over 3000 responded"", with the exception of 16 medicines that will remain on restricted dispensing.One of the key medicines that will remain on a one-month restricted dispensing is 800mg tablets of Ibuprofen.Pharmac said there was no need for New Zealanders to stockpile medicines at home as they are working ""closely with suppliers to ensure that New Zealanders have uninterrupted access to the medicines they need""."
398	5	Leaders have converged at the United Nations in New York to sign the world’s action plan to curb global warming and avert climate change’s worst consequences.The signing of the Paris Agreement is a testament to the world’s ability to act collectively to address an existential problem. It is also a chance to recognise nations and peoples with unique struggles against extreme climate conditions.The State of Palestine is one among many countries around the world facing such challenges. Now as a State Party to the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC), the UN treaty body in charge of climate action, the State of Palestine has a unique role.It can, in particular, share expertise about conservation in harsh environments and serve as the voice for those without full control over their natural resources in the context of international climate action.Palestine has long been a dedicated partner in the international negotiations on climate change. Since the Rio Conference in 1992, I have represented Palestine at six international climate meetings. At each of these meetings, I highlighted the specific vulnerabilities faced by occupied peoples, who must, for example, cope with limited control over, and constant deprivation of, their natural resources.While people living under occupation face distinct challenges, I also know that everyone, everywhere shares similar concerns. We all face rising temperatures, water scarcity, drought and rising sea levels. That is why learning from each other and sharing our determination is universally beneficial – and absolutely vital to saving our planet for future generations, an urgent objective set out by the UN in its Agenda 2030 for Sustainable Development.Palestinians are experts in survival on minimal resources, having developed their resilience and refined practices for sustaining life in a cruel environment. This is especially true in agriculture, where Palestinians have for decades applied innovative farming techniques with proven results.UPFRONT: ‘To avoid climate change, we need system change’Today, Palestinian farmers use recycled waste water, water harvesting and drip irrigation to overcome Israel’s usurpation of our water and to conserve our limited resources, as well as maintaining local seedbanks to preserve agrobiodiversity. Communities cut off from the Israeli-controlled energy grid look to alternative energy sources, such as solar panels.Becoming a State Party to the UNFCCC affords us the opportunity to build upon these techniques through climate finance, technology and capacity-building, and to better share our practices with others in the Mediterranean and beyond.Yet, pursuit of such opportunities is impaired by the fact that Palestine continues to be illegally denied control over its natural resources by Israel, the occupying power, particularly as a result of its ever-expanding settlement enterprise in the West Bank, its blockade of Gaza, and its attacks on infrastructure, which have devastated the quality of our natural resources and our access to them.This underscores the fact that truly addressing the challenges we face as a people in all realms, whether political, social, economic, humanitarian, environmental or otherwise, requires first and foremost ending the Israeli occupation that began in 1967 and securing the freedom and rights that the Palestinian people have been for too long unjustly denied.As we continue to exert all efforts to that end, we are simultaneously seeking to responsibly carry out our duties to improve the lives of our people in accordance with international law and with a view to their resilience and sustainable development as a part of the global community.Thus, in 2010, the Palestinian Authority developed a Climate Change Adaptation Strategy that set out a national action plan to address some of our biggest threats.Currently, we are preparing to submit to the UN an INDC, our national contribution to reducing greenhouse gas emissions, confirming our commitment to shouldering our responsibilities to achieve a carbon-neutral future, in spite of the fact that the Israeli occupation prevents us from fully executing our climate policy.It is in part because of these circumstances that the State of Palestine decided to become a State Party to the UNFCCC.WATCH – Climate change: Fact or fiction?For the first time the State of Palestine will sit as an equal among fellow countries in the global fight against climate change, which stands among the top priorities on the international agenda.With this strengthened position we can ensure that people without complete control over their natural resources have an equal platform to voice their needs and be part of the global conversation and effort.The Paris Agreement was a tremendous diplomatic achievement. We are proud that the State of Palestine is a partner in pursuing ambitious climate action. Yet, to bring about the substantive change we all seek, we each must do more at home and abroad.The State of Palestine is a respected party in the UN and will work with our diplomatic partners to ensure effective implementation of the Paris Agreement and further enhancement of climate commitments. We want a world with a sustainable future that we can all share, as equals, in stability and peace. As a new State Party to the world’s action plan on climate change, we are eager to work towards that bright future.Dr Riyad H Mansour is the ambassador for the Permanent Observer Mission of the State of Palestine to the United Nations.The views expressed in this article are the author’s own and do not necessarily reflect Al Jazeera’s editorial policy.
129	3	Liberal Senator James Paterson told Sky News Australia must acknowledge that climate change can only be combated through a global response.Climate change has come to the fore in Australian politics, with some political parties claiming the recent bushfires were exacerbated due to climate change.Mr Paterson said Australia's climate change policy has no impact on the severity of the nation's bushfires
126	2	Commentator Daisy Cousins says recent comments made by Minister David Littleproud, are “disappointing” and “don’t inspire a lot of confidence in him”. Her comments came after the Minister for Water Resources was ‘attacked’ last month for his comments on climate change. “It’s not what you want in government ministers, to be very strong on one principle one second and then when put under pressure, kind of flip to another principle on the other”, Ms Cousins told Sky News host Andrew Bolt. Image: News Corp Australia
341	3	"        Dec. 7, 2015 - A picture of a globe at the COP21, the UN Climate Change Conference in Le Bourget, north of Paris. World governments are meeting to seek a solution to climate change, focusing on reducing emissions of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases, primarily by shifting from oil, coal and gas to cleaner energy sources. (AP) As negotiators in Paris worked to finalize a global agreement on climate change, the Republican-controlled House on Friday approved a bill that would block trade deals from being used to cut greenhouse gas emissions.Supporters said the wide-ranging bill would beef up enforcement of U.S. trade agreements and help prevent counterfeit goods from entering the country. The bill also would make permanent a moratorium that prevents states from taxing access to the Internet and blocks trade deals from requiring changes to U.S. immigration laws.The bill was approved on a 256-168 vote. Twenty-four Democrats joined with 232 Republicans to support the bill. The bill now goes to the Senate, where a vote is expected next week.Opponents, mostly Democrats, said the bill sends the wrong message as U.S. diplomats meet in Paris with more than 190 nations to finalize an agreement to reduce man-made carbon emissions and adapt to rising seas and increasingly extreme weather.Rep. Sander Levin, D-Mich., said the climate provision was inserted by Republicans who oppose action on climate change. Many Republicans in Congress question whether human activities are contributing to global warming.""The Republican Party of the United States may be the only political party anywhere in denial about climate change,"" Levin said. ""That denial is why this provision ... on climate is before us.""Rep. Kevin Brady, R-Texas, chairman of the tax-writing House Ways and Means Committee, said the bill ""will level the playing field for Americans and also make it easier for them to compete in a global marketplace.""The provisions on climate change and immigration ensure greater oversight of executive-branch negotiators who work on international trade agreements, Brady said.""Trade agreements should not include provisions on immigration or greenhouse gas emissions,"" he said, noting that there are other ways for officials to address both immigration policy and global climate change.House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif., said the bill ensures that U.S. trade laws are enforced, that trade is streamlined and efficient and that trade agreements are not used to make significant changes to other U.S. policies, including expansion of access to visas allowing foreign nationals to enter the country.The provision on Internet taxation helps spur online innovation and ""preserve Internet freedom so it can continue to be an engine for economic growth and human development,"" McCarthy said.Democrats complained that the bill stripped important protections against currency manipulation and eliminated penalties against countries that engage in human trafficking.""We need to get these countries to meet minimum standards on trafficking, certainly well before we enter into a trade and investment relationship with them,"" Levin said. ""Unfortunately, this (legislation) does not get us there.""House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., said the bill ""turns a blind eye to human trafficking"" and criticized it for refusing to address climate change as part of trade negotiations.""You can't separate climate and commerce,"" she said.The trade enforcement bill follows a series of votes over the summer in which the Republican-controlled Congress passed major legislation to strengthen President Barack Obama's hand in global trade talks.Obama reached a deal in October with 11 Pacific Rim countries that cuts trade barriers, sets labor and environmental standards and protects multinational corporations' intellectual property.Trade unions and liberal groups say the deal will expose American workers to foreign competition and cost jobs. Obama and most GOP leaders say the deal allows U.S. products to reach more markets.Under a law approved this year, Congress can approve or reject the Trans-Pacific Partnership deal, but cannot change it."
441	5	"The Chilean official leading UN climate talks in Madrid has called on delegates to show flexibility, as they struggle to reach agreement on crucial measures needed to tackle climate change.The negotiations, which were scheduled to end on Friday, continued throughout Saturday and into Sunday morning. Carolina Schmidt said a deal was almost there but the outcome needed to be ambitious. The goal is a commitment to new carbon emissions cuts by the end of 2020.The European Union and small island states vulnerable to climate change are pushing for stronger commitments to cut those emissions. Some of the biggest polluters, including the United States, Brazil and India, say they see no need to change their current plans.Ms Schmidt, Chile's environment minister who is the conference's president, said early on Sunday: ""I request all the flexibility, all your strength to find this agreement to have an ambitious result.""She added: ""It's hard, it's difficult but it's worth it. I specially need you. But people in our countries need us.""On Saturday, a new draft text from the meeting was released, designed to chart a way forward for the parties to the Paris agreement, which came into being in 2015. The pact's intention is to keep the global average temperature rise to well below 2C. This was regarded at the time as the threshold for dangerous global warming, though scientists subsequently shifted the definition of the ""safe"" limit to a rise of 1.5C above pre-industrial levels.The situation was unprecedented since talks began in 1991, said Alden Meyer from the Union of Concerned Scientists.He commented: ""The latest version of the Paris Agreement decision text put forward by the Chilean presidency is totally unacceptable. It has no call for countries to enhance the ambition of their emissions reduction commitments. ""If world leaders fail to increase ambition in the lead up to next year's climate summit in Glasgow, they will make the task of meeting the Paris agreement's 'well below 2C' temperature limitation goal - much less the 1.5 degrees Celsius goal - almost impossible.""His view was echoed by David Waskow, international climate director for the World Resources Institute (WRI). ""If this text is accepted, the low ambition coalition will have won the day,"" he said.The conference in the Spanish capital has become enmeshed in deep, technical arguments about a number of issues including the role of carbon markets and the financing of loss and damage caused by rising temperatures.Responding to the messages from science and from climate strikers, the countries running this 26th conference of the parties (COP) meeting are keen to have a final decision here that would see countries put new, ambitious plans to cut carbon on the table.According to the UN, 84 countries have promised to enhance their national plans by the end of next year. Some 73 have said they will set a long-term target of net zero by the middle of the century.But earlier in the meeting, negotiators from the Alliance of Small Island States (AOSIS) pointed the finger of blame at countries including Australia, the United States, Canada, Russia, India, China and Brazil.They had failed to submit revised plans that would help the world keep the rise in global temperatures under 1.5C this century.At a ""stock-taking"" session on Saturday morning, Tina Stege, a negotiator with the Marshall Islands delegation, said: ""I need to go home and look my kids in the eye and tell them we came out with an outcome that will ensure their future.""She added: ""The text must address the need for new and more ambitious NDCs and long-term goals. We can't leave with anything else.""Reinforcing the sense of division, India, supported by China, Saudi Arabia and Brazil, has been taking a hard line on promises made by richer countries in previous agreements before the Paris pact was signed in 2015.The deal saw every country, India included, sign up to take actions.This was a key concession to the richer nations who insisted that the deal would only work if everyone pledged to cut carbon, unlike previous agreements in which only the better off had to limit their CO2.But India now wants to see evidence that in the years up to 2020, the developed world has lived up to past promises.For many delegates, the deadlock is intensely frustrating in light of the urgent need to tackle emissions.""I've been attending these climate negotiations since they first started in 1991. But never have I seen the almost total disconnect we've seen here at COP25 in Madrid between what the science requires and the people of the world demand, and what the climate negotiations are delivering in terms of meaningful action,"" said Alden Meyer.""The planet is on fire and our window of escape is getting harder and harder to reach the longer we wait to act. Ministers here in Madrid must strengthen the final decision text, to respond to the mounting impacts of climate change that are devastating both communities and ecosystems all over the world.""Jake Schmidt, from the US-based Natural Resources Defense Council, said: ""In Madrid, the key polluting countries responsible for 80% of the world's climate-wrecking emissions stood mute, while smaller countries announced they'll work to drive down harmful emissions in the coming year.""The mute majority must step up, and ramp up, their commitments to tackle the growing climate crisis well ahead of the COP26 gathering."" Also on Saturday, activists staged a protest outside the summit venue to express their frustration at what they see as the failure of world leaders in taking meaningful action on climate change."
820	4	"Donoso's exploration career began in 1996 in the rugged mountains, towering glaciers and windswept fjords of Patagonia, where the challenge to survive gave him a profound love of the landscape. ""When you are on an expedition you must connect strongly with nature, open your senses to the fullest, because your survival depends on it,"" he says. ""And in that survival, you are deeply aware of the natural world, you marvel, and your soul tells you that this is extraordinary.""  An award-winning navigator, mountaineer and filmmaker, Donoso has mounted more than 50 expeditions to some of the most remote and untouched places on Earth. He minimizes the carbon emissions and environmental impact of his trips by using human and wind-powered forms of travel including sailboat, kayak and skis.In January, Donoso embarked on ""Forgotten Footsteps,"" an expedition retracing the journey of early 20th century explorer and artist Rockwell Kent in Tierra del Fuego, Patagonia. The American's paintings of the region's snow-capped mountains and majestic glaciers contrast starkly with Donoso's images of the same landscapes today, where global warming has dramatically altered the icy peaks and fjords.Patagonia's ice fields, which stretch across the Andean mountains for hundreds of miles through Chile and Argentina, make up the largest body of ice in the southern hemisphere, outside of Antarctica. According to NASA, they are melting fast, contributing to rising sea levels.Find out about more about Call to Earth and the extraordinary people working for a more sustainable future.Disappearing iceIn 2018, Donoso's series ""Ice Postcards"" took him to some of Patagonia's least accessible places. He followed in the footsteps of pioneering Italian missionary Alberto de Agostini -- a prolific explorer who documented the glaciers of the Cordillera Darwin (a mountain range named after British biologist Charles Darwin) in Tierra del Fuego, over a century ago. De Agostini's archive contains over 11,000 photographs of Patagonia.Donoso and expedition partner Alfredo Pourailly tracked down the exact locations of 10 of de Agostini's images and replicated them at the same time of year in order to capture the same seasonal conditions. They chose images of especially remote places that very few people would have visited since de Agostini's expeditions. What they found was beyond their worst fears.""It was much more dramatic than what we believed would be the case,"" says Donoso.Donoso's 2018 image of the Marinelli glacier shows the ice has receded more than six miles (10 kilometers) since de Agostini took the same photograph, at the same time of year, in 1914. ""Places that we have yet to really understand, that we haven't explored, that we haven't photographed or that we have yet to chart have been profoundly impacted by humans,"" says Donoso. ""The world is a much smaller place than we think.""Communion with natureDonoso says the achievement of accessing remote places with minimal means makes him feel ""free and immensely happy"". These trips are grueling feats of physical endurance but they spark a deep spiritual communion with nature. ""Everything in our physical and cognitive conformation has been determined by our contact with nature,"" Donoso says. ""Returning to it allows us ... to discover who we really are.""The jutting shelf of ice of the Negri glacier terminus, captured by de Agostini in 1913, has been replaced by vegetation.Donoso says that he shares the same passion as the 19th and 20th century naturalists who have inspired his work. But the world he studies looks very different. His aim is to engage and educate people about the impact of global warming in faraway places. ""Through art, through the vision of photography, we offer a clearer perspective, with a very direct and sensitive message,"" he says. The message from ""Ice Postcards"" seems clear -- the Patagonian ice sheets are melting at an alarming rate. Donoso and Pourailly aim to complete the second part of the project later this year. Donoso hopes that by revealing the destruction wrought by climate change in remote parts of the world, he can catalyze change. ""No one will fight to protect things that they aren't aware of,"" he says. "
764	5	"New Zealand lawmakers on Thursday passed a ""Zero Carbon"" bill that it hopes will reduce its greenhouse gas emissions to a near-neutral level by 2050.The legislation, which was supported on both sides of the political divide, mandates that in 40 years' time, the country should produce no greenhouse gases, except methane, as part of the country's efforts to meet its Paris climate accord commitments.The bill has different regulations for methane emissions from animals versus other greenhouse gases, due to farming's important role in bringing in foreign income. However, it still aims to cut 10% of biological methane by 2030, and up to 47% by 2050.Read more: Coal versus Kiwis - New Zealand struggles to balance business and environmentPrime Minister Jacinda Ardern said countries are not moving fast enough when it comes to combating climate change. ""We're here because our world is warming. Undeniably it is warming,"" Ardern said. ""And so therefore the question for all of us is what side of history will we choose to sit on.""The bill also establishes an independent Climate Change Commission to advise the government on how to achieve its targets and to produce ""carbon budgets"" every five years informing how many emissions will be allowed in that period.The government has also pledged it will plant 1 billion trees over 10 years and ensure that the electricity grid runs entirely from renewable energy by 2035.""This...is the centerpiece for meaningful climate change action in New Zealand,"" said Minister for Climate Change James Shaw, the leader of the Green party, which is in coalition with Ardern's Labour.Lawmakers had received 11,000 submissions and heard from a cross section of society, from students and scientists to farmers and activists, Shaw added.law/rt (dpa, Reuters)Every evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here."
80	4	"New Zealander India Logan-Riley represented indigenous peoples with their speech at COP26.Video / UN Climate ChangeMāori climate activist India Logan-Riley gave a rousing speech at the opening of the United Nations climate summit in Glasgow earlier today - and had a stark warning for world leaders listening to them.Logan-Riley, who introduced themselves on stage in Glasgow in te reo Māori, has told G-20 leaders, in no uncertain terms, that it is imperative that they listen to young indigenous peoples and support their fight for a better future.The activist says climate change issues are rooted in colonialism and we must move away from modern-day forms of it.They demand that world leaders listen to indigenous peoples, who have been fighting against resource exploitation and corporate greed and have offered real solution to climate issues.Condemning colonialism,  Logan-Riley pointed out they come from a place where land ""was stolen by the British crown"".Logan-Riley said the roots of the climate crisis began with imperialist and colonisation by Western countries and reminded British leader Boris Johnson of the colonial crimes committed against subject peoples, including those in Aotearoa.""Two-hundred-fifty-two years ago invading forces sent by the ancestors of this presidency arrived at my ancestors' territories, heralding an age of violence, murder and destruction enabled by documents, like the Document of Discovery, formulated in Europe.""Land in my region was stolen by the British Crown in order to extract oil and suck the land of all its nutrients while seeking to displace people.""These historic forces continue to shape my life and have brought me here,"" they added.The activist says that those same forces remain at play in Aotearoa, mentioning the ""theft of the foreshore and seabed"".""I am the same age as these negotiations,"" Logan-Riley said, frustrated at the number of times her speeches have been applauded by world leaders at summits like this one, but no real action was taken by those in power.""I have grown up, graduated, fallen in love, fallen out of love, started and changed a couple of careers, all while the global north, colonial governments and corporations fudged with the future,"" they said.The Māori activist has called on world leaders to listen to indigenous peoples.""We're keeping fossil fuels in the ground and stopping fossil fuel expansion. We're halting infrastructure that would increase emissions and saying no to false solutions,"" they said.""In the US and Canada alone indigenous resistance has stopped or delayed greenhouse gas pollution equivalent to at least one quarter of annual emissions. What we do works,"" Logan-Riley added.""I cannot put it more simply than we know what we are doing, and if you are not willing to back us or let us lead, than you are complicit in the death and destruction that's happening across the globe. Land back, oceans back.""""This is an invitation to you. This COP, learn our histories, listen to our stories, honour our knowledge and get in line, or get out of the way.""Kia ora, thank you,"" they concluded.Logan-Riley's message was blunt and to the point, but G-20 leaders have yet to commit to any solid targets.In fact, AP reports G-20 leaders offered more vague pledges than commitments of firm action, saying they would seek carbon neutrality ""by or around mid-century"".They also agreed to end public financing for coal-fired power generation abroad, but set no target for phasing out coal domestically — a clear nod to China and India.The G-20 countries represent more than three-quarters of the world's climate-damaging emissions and G-20 host Italy and Britain, which is hosting the Glasgow conference, had looked for more ambitious targets coming out of Rome.But major polluters including China and Russia had already made clear they had no immediate intention of following US and European pledges to zero out all fossil-fuel pollution by 2050. Russia said on Sunday that it was sticking to its target of 2060.Speaking to reporters before leaving Rome, US President Joe Biden called it ""disappointing"" that G-20 members Russia and China ""basically didn't show up"" with commitments to address the scourge of climate change ahead of the UN climate summit.British Prime Minister Boris Johnson struck a grim tone, saying G-20 leaders ""inched forward"" on curbing global warming, but the goal of limiting temperature rise to 1.5C - struck in a landmark deal at the end of the 2015 Paris climate accord - was in danger of slipping out of reach.""If Glasgow fails then the whole thing fails,"" Johnson told reporters in Rome.""This weak statement from the G-20 is what happens when developing countries who are bearing the full force of the climate crisis are shut out of the room,"" said Mohamed Adow, director of Power Shift Africa. ""The world's biggest economies comprehensively failed to put climate change on the top of the agenda ahead of COP26 in Glasgow.""While the opening ceremony in Glasgow formally kicked off the talks, known as COP26, the more anticipated launch comes on Monday (local time), when leaders from around the world will gather to lay out their countries' efforts to curb emissions from burning coal, gas and oil and deal with the mounting damage from climate change.The leaders of two of the top climate-polluting nations - China and Russia — were not expected to attend the summit, though seniors officials from those countries planned to participate. Biden, whose country is the world's biggest climate polluter after China, the summit comes at a time when division within his own Democratic party is forcing him to scale back ambitious climate efforts.At the Vatican Sunday, Pope Francis urged the crowds gathered in St Peter's Square: ""Let us pray so that the cry of the Earth and the cry of the poor"" is heard by summit participants.Negotiators will push nations to ratchet up their efforts to keep global temperatures from rising by more than 1.5C this century compared with pre-industrial times.The climate summit remains ""our last, best hope to keep 1.5 in reach,"" said Alok Sharma, the British government minister chairing climate talks.Scientists say the chances of meeting that goal are slowly slipping away. The world has already warmed by more than 1.1C and current projections based on planned emissions cuts over the next decade are for it to hit 2.7C by the year 2100.- with AP"
787	4	"Arriving in Auckland Sunday, Guterres said the world was ""not on track"" to confine the rise in global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels as agreed in the 2015 Paris agreement.""The paradox is that as things are getting worse on the ground, political will seems to be fading,"" said the UN secretary general.""Climate change is running faster than what we are … the last four years have been the hottest registered,"" he said, adding that political inadequacy was evident ""everywhere.""Read more: Cities push for action, Swiss includedHe commended host Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern on New Zealand's ambitious parliamentary bill, tabled last week, seeking to make the 5-million-population nation mostly carbon neutral by 2050.Its key farming sector, however, is to be given some leeway, specifically on ""biogenetic methane,"" another climate-warming gas alongside carbon dioxide.Guterres, who will also visit the South Pacific island territories of Fiji, Tuvalu and Vanuatu, urged the world community to ""protect the lives of our people, and we need to protect our planet.""His remarks precede a Climate Action Summit he plans to convene in New York in September where nations will be asked to present ""concrete, realistic plans"" to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 45% over the next decade and reach net zero by 2050.On Friday, Luis Alfonso de Alba, the top UN envoy entrusted with preparing September's summit, called for a ""drastic"" rethink of the global economic model.Required was a ""transformation of the way we consume, the way we produce,"" de Alba said. ""This is not a process in which we can aim at a gradual increase of ambitions.""Trillions of dollars in private funding would be ""indispensable,"" he added.Christchurch visitGuterres also planned to visit Christchurch on his three-day New Zealand stopover and meet leaders of the Muslim community targeted on March 15 by a lone gunman who broadcast the massacre via social media.Last week, the death toll rose to 51, with the death in hospital of a Turkish citizen critically wounded during the shooting attack on two Christchurch mosques.Guterres said he would pay tribute to Muslim courage and New Zealand solidarity during the visit, which coincides with the month of Ramadan.He praised New Zealand's parliament for tightening gun control laws and Ardern's determination to prevent extremist acts being broadcast online.She and French President Emmanuel Macron are to host a meeting on the matter in Paris on Wednesday.ipj/ng (AP, AFP, Reuters)Every evening, DW sends out a selection of the day's news and features. Sign up here."
953	5	"""Nothing poses a bigger threat to our water, our livelihood and our quality of life than a warming climate."" Those are my words from 2006 upon the signing of an executive order on climate change for New Mexico when I was governor.Almost a decade later, this statement still holds true. But now we have even more information about climate change, both the risks and solutions. The just-released report by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), a collection of more than 800 leading climate scientists, reaffirms that climate impacts are already occurring and having a dramatic impact on society. Climate change is driven by our dependence on fossil fuels and is expected to get worse. In order to shift directions, we need nothing less than to rethink how we power our country. Here's what we know:The climate science is settled. The IPCC report is the latest addition to a staggering body of scientific research connecting our energy choices to costly climate disruption. The report is consistent with several other authorities -- such as the National Academy of Sciences, U.S. Global Change Research Program, and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration -- that bring stronger language and greater certainty about climate change and its risks. Just as we know that smoking causes cancer, we understand that human activity causes climate change.Climate change is happening now and we are all feeling the effects. Earlier this month, the American Association of Advancement of Science reminded us that ""climate change is happening here and now."" We are now witnessing how it is changing our world: The past winter was the eighth-warmest on record. For 348 consecutive months -- 29 years -- global temperatures have been above average.The latest IPCC report finds that impacts from climate change are ""widespread and consequential"" and they are being felt on every continent and in our oceans. The world last year experienced 41 weather-related disasters that caused damages totaling at least $1 billion. Over the past decade, the western United States experienced seven times more large-scale wildfires than it did in the 1970s. Climate change has made it much more likely that we will suffer severe droughts like the one that recently swept across Texas and my home state of New Mexico.Finally, without action, things will get a lot worse. As climate impacts mount, they will bring more damage to our economy and communities. Even 1 degree Celsius (1.8 degrees Fahrenheit) of global temperature rise could cut yields of crops like wheat, rice and corn, driving up food prices. Unless greenhouse gases are reined in, many more people will be at risk from devastating flooding, similar to what residents faced in Boulder, Colorado, last year. Overall, economic losses from climate change will cause a significant blow to the global economy, even at the lower end of climate projections.So what can we do in the face of a changing climate?Fortunately, local leaders, including mayors and governors, are responding to climate impacts and building more resilient communities. For example, city officials from Chicago to Miami are taking steps to reduce urban flooding with permeable pavement, dampen extreme heat with green roofs, and redesign levies to withstand stronger storm surges. At the federal level, the Obama administration has called for additional funding for climate resilience and just unveiled a climate data initiative to arm communities with better information about climate change.Opinion: Climate change could cost more than $100 billion a yearBut, it's clear that we need to do more. According to the IPCC, by significantly reducing emissions we can avoid the worst consequences of climate change and cut economic damages by half.We're making progress already. Americans are embracing clean energy, buying solar panels at a record pace as the price has plummeted by 80% in just four years. Many large companies, like Apple, Google and Walmart, are investing heavily in renewable energy. Even ExxonMobil is among dozens of U.S. businesses now operating with an internal price on carbon.And important new emissions standards are coming. Under the U.S. Climate Action Plan the president announced last year, the Environmental Protection Agency is moving ahead with standards to reduce carbon pollution from existing coal-fired power plants -- the largest source of U.S. emissions. These rules are the most significant opportunity to cut U.S. emissions in the near term and will help the country play a leadership role in the run-up to a universal climate agreement in 2015.The science tells us that much deeper reductions are needed in the decades ahead. Ultimately, a national price on carbon would be the most effective way to expedite a transition to a safer, low-carbon future.The evidence is overwhelming: Further inaction guarantees disaster. Alternately, we can re-balance our energy mix and rise to the challenge of the 21st century. Let's hope that a decade from now we will look back with confidence that we stood up to the global climate crisis.Follow us on Twitter @CNNOpinion.Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion. "
153	3	Fires in the Brazilian Amazon have surged far in August, government data on Friday showed, outstripping the same period of 2019 and renewing concerns about the destruction of the world’s largest rainforest, which is a critical bulwark against climate change.Brazilian space research agency INPE recorded 5,860 fires in the Amazon in the first six days of August, a seven percent increase from the same period of last year. The data set is small and daily variation can be considerable, but the trend suggests this month may be on par with a year ago – the worst August in nine years.Witnesses driving on Thursday night along the BR-319 highway from Porto Velho, Rondonia, towards Humaita, in the state of Amazonas, spotted small fires crackling along the side of the road, with smoke hanging heavy over the asphalt.Some of the areas burned last year were now being used for cattle raising. Fire is commonly used across the Amazon to clear land for pasture.The Brazilian Amazon lost 9,205sq km (3,554sq miles) of vegetation in the 12 months ending in July, according to data from the country’s space agency. That was largely due to a surge of fires in August and September last year.The overall loss was 34 percent greater than that of the prior 12-month period.The data was produced by Brazil’s DETER monitoring system, which provides daily deforestation alerts based on satellite images. Data from another system named PRODES, which relies on more detailed satellite images and records more of the deforestation, will be released by the end of the year.Both are administered by Brazil’s space institute, which tabulates annual deforestation starting with August, when the dry season starts and farmers and loggers traditionally start using fires to clear land.“If the variation between DETER and PRODES figures remains at the historical average, we could have about 13,000 square kilometers of deforestation, the highest rate since 2006 and three times more than the National Climate Change Policy target for 2020,” said the Climate Observatory, comprised of more than 30 non-governmental groups.“This is not because of government incompetence in combating devastation; it has been happening because the Bolsonaro administration’s agenda is to actively promote devastation,” the statement added. “This is not incompetence; it’s a design.”Environmental advocates blame right-wing President Jair Bolsonaro’s vision of economic development in the Amazon for emboldening illegal loggers, miners and land speculators to destroy the forest. Bolsonaro says more mining and farming are needed in the region to lift people out of poverty.Bolsonaro came to office promising to open more of the Amazon to development, such as farming and mining. But international concern has led investors to try to distance themselves from the deforestation and to pressure the government to take more action against it.Following global pressure from foreign governments and investors, Bolsonaro has deployed the military to combat deforestation and in May he stationed troops in several states ahead of the so-called burning season.DETER data for July registered a decrease from the same month in 2019, when deforestation surged to the highest monthly level since at least mid-2015.Criminals often extract valuable wood from protected parts of the jungle before setting fire to the land, increasing its value for farming and ranching. Large natural fires are very rare in a healthy rainforest.
506	5	"Climate scientist Professor James Renwick, who spoke at the Wellington launch of Our Climate Declaration, says urgent action is needed to halt climate change. Photo / FileScience Reporter, NZ HeraldCelebrities, scientists, doctors and businesspeople and hundreds of others have today come together to launch a fresh nationwide push for action on climate change.The new movement, Our Climate Declaration, calls on the Government to phase out the extraction and burning of fossil fuels by 2050 - including stopping all new coal mines and coal-burning plants and ending deep sea oil exploration and fracking for oil and gas - and adopting bolder policy.This included a new Climate Commission to set a binding carbon budget, replacing the Emissions Trading Scheme (ETS) with a carbon tax, strengthening the country's Paris Agreement obligations, making the energy, transport and farming sectors more sustainable, and boosting carbon sinks with 1.3 million ha of marginal land restored to native forest.It also calls on all Kiwis to do their part through grassroots community climate action plans, where organisations investigate their own climate impact and make plans to reduce it.Backing the declaration - launched at live broadcast events at Auckland, Wellington, Christchurch and Dunedin this afternoon - are well-known Kiwis including actress Robyn Malcolm, businessman Phillip Mills, journalist Rod Oram, musician Peter Scholes, botanist Emeritus Professor Sir Alan Mark and climate scientist Professor James Renwick.""If you sign up to this, you are saying you will do something yourself, and especially, you will call on the Government to do more,"" said Renwick, of Victoria University's School of Geography, Environment and Earth Sciences.""If we are going to stop warming at 1.5C [of future temperature rise], we've got about five years left at present emission levels - and to stop the warming at 2C, we've got maybe 20 years left, or possibly a bit left.""We are already over 1C, to get to 1.5C, or 2C, it's not going to take that long ... and after that we start melting big chunks of ice sheets.""Dr Joanna Santa Barbara, national chairwoman of the push, said it was known what had to be done.""And it has to be done by people at all levels - citizens, businesses, local councils and government.""We are not waiting - the problem is too serious and too urgent - and we are setting out to do it ourselves.""The declaration further called for a decrease in emissions from the aviation industry, a halt to the expansion of ""industrialised, intensive farming"", renewable energy, better protection for biodiversity, insulation for all homes and plans for ""fair resettlement"" of climate refugees with guidance from tangata whenua.The launch comes in the same month Hamilton student Sarah Thomson is taking Climate Change Minister Paula Bennett to the High Court over what Thomson argues is a lack of action over the issue.The 26-year-old's lawsuit challenges a claimed failure to review climate targets after the UN's Inter-governmental Panel on Climate Change released its Fifth Assessment Report in 2013.The suit further challenged the Government's target to slashing domestic greenhouse gas emissions by 11 per cent below 1990 levels and 30 per cent below 2005 levels by 2030, which Thomson argued was ""unreasonable and irrational"" against the seriousness of the issue.Bennett has told the Herald the Government was ""very comfortable"" that its Paris target was fair and ambitious.She has also pointed to a range of work the Government was doing in the space, including an improvement of the ETS, phasing down the use of hydrofluorocarbons by 80 per cent, spending $2 billion on public transport, increasing renewable electricity to 90 per cent by 2025, eliminating fossil fuel subsidies, investing $20 million a year in agricultural greenhouse gas research, and the planting of more than 5.5 million trees this winter.The Government has also set up three new expert groups to look at adaptation, agriculture and forestry to address climate change and begun toward doubling the number of electric vehicles registered every year to reach 64,000 by 2021.• Under present projections, the sea level around New Zealand is expected to rise between 30cm and 100cm this century, while temperatures could also increase by several degrees by 2100.• Climate change would bring more floods (about two-thirds of Kiwis live in areas prone to flooding); make our freshwater problems worse and put more pressure on rivers and lakes; acidify our oceans; put even more species at risk and bring problems from the rest of the world.• Climate change is also expected to result in more large storms compounding the effects of sea level rise.• New Zealand has pledged to slash its greenhouse gas emissions by 30 per cent from 2005 levels and 11 per cent from 1990 levels by 2030.• While the Ministry for the Environment's latest Greenhouse Gas Inventory showed gross New Zealand emissions were 0.1 per cent lower in 2014 than 2015, emissions had increased 24.1 per cent from 1990."
489	5	"The chancellor has warned Theresa May that reducing greenhouse gas emissions to net zero by 2050 could cost the UK more than Â£1tn. The Financial Times reports that the PM wants to introduce the legislation to Parliament next week as ""one of her most important legacies"". Philip Hammond has written to her, saying it would mean less money for schools, police and hospitals. The Committee on Climate Change recommended the target in May. The BBC's assistant political editor Norman Smith said next week would see the first stage in the process of making this new target law - but any legislation would ""have to wait until after Mrs May and after Brexit, so it could still be some time off"". Labour's shadow chancellor, John McDonnell, criticised his opposite number, saying: ""We are facing a climate emergency and Philip Hammond clearly doesn't get it.""The Tory party is way overdue in adopting a target already put forward by Labour, and now the chancellor is creating obstacles to prevent the action we desperately need to take.""A No 10 spokeswoman said there were ""a lot of figures out there on this issue that don't factor in the benefits or consider the costs of not doing this"".She added: ""The costs relating to meeting this target are whole-of-economy costs, not a fiscal cost, and so it's not really right to frame it as a trade-off for public spending.""The CCC, which is the independent adviser to government on climate change, put the cost at Â£50bn a year.It said, while the UK would not be able to hit ""net zero"" emissions any sooner, 2050 was still an extremely significant goal. According to the letter, seen by the FT, the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy believes it will cost more, estimating Â£70bn a year. Mr Hammond said: ""On the basis of these estimates, the total cost of transitioning to a zero-carbon economy is likely to be well in excess of Â£1tn.""The chancellor also warned the move could leave some industries ""economically uncompetitive"" - unless other countries the UK competes with follow suit. He said it was right for the UK to lead when it came to climate change, but the implications of pursuing the target needed to be ""better understood"". Analysis by BBC assistant political editor Norman SmithPhilip Hammond is not opposed to ambitious energy targets, but it's clear he's worried about the cost - not just the financial cost, but also the potential political cost.And in Mr Hammond's view, there are hard choices to be made.Encouraging consumers to change their habits and household appliances - like boilers - will come at a hefty price in terms of possible subsidies or tax incentives, and that will mean less cash for public services.There could also be a significant additional cost for business, particularly small firms, all of which is likely to prove politically fraught.Of course, Mr Hammond won't be around to feel the political heat when these changes are introduced, but it's clear he thinks his successors at the Treasury need to start doing some serious work on the numbers.Next week will be the first stage in the process when the government announces its intention to press ahead with the net zero target.However, any legislation will have to wait until after Mrs May and after Brexit, so it could still be some time off.Former Energy Secretary, and Liberal Democrat leadership contender, Ed Davey said it was time to act on climate change.""[Mr] Hammond might be trying to reclaim his crown as a fiscal hawk in the dying embers of [Mrs] May's premiership, but this intervention is wrong-headed and threatens our children's future,"" he said.""The cost of tackling the climate emergency is massively outweighed by the long term cost of not acting. The chancellor has got his sums wrong."" The government's current target is to reduce emissions by 80% by 2050. Mr Hammond said the UK was not on track to reach that goal, so to go further would need an ""ambitious policy response"".  Analysis by BBC science editor David ShukmanThe tussle over whether Britain should set a carbon target of net zero is being watched closely far beyond these shores. For months, the government has been campaigning to host what is set to be the most important climate summit for years - a vast event known as COP26, due to be staged in December 2020. The conference will have the pivotal role of formally putting the Paris Agreement into effect - the world's only international accord designed to limit global warming. The thinking in Whitehall is that for post-Brexit Britain, hosting this monumental gathering would send a powerful and positive signal, and several Tory leadership candidates have highlighted their support for the move. But other countries want the prize too, with Italy offering to play host, and Belgium and Turkey throwing their hats into the ring. The decision is due to be made on 27 June at talks in Bonn, and live coverage around that time of the Conservative leadership process may be seen as a sign of uncertainty in London. Setting a net-zero carbon target might tip the balance. There's a lot at stake.  The CCC said England can eliminate emissions by 2050, while Scotland could go carbon-free sooner - by 2045. Wales can only cut 95% of its emissions by 2050 because of its farm industry, and Northern Ireland will follow England's targets.The BBC's environment analyst, Roger Harrabin, said Scotland had exceptional potential for planting trees (which absorb carbon dioxide) and is more suited for carbon capture and storage.A No 10 spokesman said the government was committed to legislating to net zero and was responsible for commissioning the CCC's report. He said it ""strongly welcomed the recommendations"" from the committee and it ""remains our intention to make announcement on next steps as soon as we can"". By BBC Reality Check's Anthony ReubenThe Committee on Climate Change puts the cost of achieving net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 at between 1% and 2% of GDP - the total output of the UK economy - a year.GDP is currently about Â£2tn a year, so, at the moment, that amount would be between Â£20bn and Â£40bn. Remember, this isn't all government spending - things like transport and power generation could get more expensive, which would increase bills.The CCC reckons the cost will be about Â£50bn a year in 2050, but will be less in the early years of the transition.Still, you can see how those figures could reach a total of Â£1tn over 30 years.The letter also refers to a figure of Â£70bn a year from the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy - although the department has declined to comment on whether it has actually come up with that figure.But these figures are only covering the cost - they do not include any possible benefits, creating new jobs in new industries, for example.Although many environment groups are supportive of the move, many campaigners have complained the CCC target is too soft. The UK Health Alliance on Climate Change has called on the government to adopt the recommendations, but ""adopt a net-zero target before 2050"".And Extinction Rebellion - the group which protested in and shut down parts of London in April - wants the government to hit the net zero target by 2025.Dr Doug Parr, Chief Scientist for Greenpeace UK, said Mr Hammond was putting ""ideology before our wellbeing"".He added: ""If you want to know whether a policy is a good idea, you include the benefits as well as the costs, and in this case the benefits include an economy fit for the 21st century, cleaner air, warmer homes and maximising the chances of civilisation surviving."""
942	3	“I’m sorry,” says Emily Atkin, not sounding very apologetic, “but if you still refuse to see parallels between climate change and coronavirus then honestly you’re just stupid.”A few weeks ago, the 30-year-old journalist wasn’t feeling so confrontational. Less was known about the global pandemic; the data and scientific research showing how the two global crises are linked was not as clear is it is today. But the connections quickly became obvious to Atkin, founder of the climate newsletter and podcast Heated. “Both are global crises which threaten millions of lives with clear science on how to solve them which governments have been too slow to act on; the same people who promote climate denial are refusing to accept the science of coronavirus, too.“Coronavirus makes climate change worse, and vice versa,” Atkin says from isolation in her apartment. “We can’t do our research on climate because of it, we’ve had to cancel the UN climate summit for international negotiations.” Meanwhile, Donald Trump has loosened existing emission regulations during the pandemic, yet studies are already finding that death rates are “significantly higher” in areas with worse air pollution levels. The destruction of biodiversity makes pandemics more likely. And just like with the impact of global heating, , the coronavirus is hitting black, brown and poor people the worst.The two things are so connected, Atkin repeats, that it’s stupid to say they’re not.Raised in New York and based in Washington DC, Atkin started reporting on the climate in 2013 after graduating in journalism from SUNY (the State University of New York) but three years in she was burnt out. “I was forced to write in this really straight way with no emotion, just fact,” she says of her time spent at the now closed liberal news site ThinkProgress and then a more conservative TV network. “We ran stories which focused on ‘balance’ in a bid not to alienate audiences.” When facts were presented, it was to be done without emotion: the science shows we’ll kill people if we don’t do anything, we’re not doing anything, end report.Climate-change deniers were also being given airtime on TV segments she was producing. She recalls being asked to rerecord a voiceover because she sounded “too judgmental” when stating what had been said by an interviewee wasn’t scientifically correct. And, with editors regularly giving science and opinion equal value, all too often Atkin felt she was doing a disservice to her beat.“I thought back to my journalism classes and how we were taught the first rule in the Society of Professional Journalists’ code of ethics is to seek truth and report it.” Atkin came to the realisation that when it comes to the climate crisis, showing what is true requires more than facts alone.“The truth is full of emotions, money and power,” she says. “It’s about people dying while others profit, the impact on lives and culture and jobs.” Atkin had told the climate story again and again but felt she was making little impact. “It seemed so irresponsible for me to be working as a journalist… without being explicit about what will happen if we don’t lower carbon emissions, and fast.”And so in September last year she left her reporting job at New Republic and launched Heated: a climate-focused newsletter which aimed at speaking directly to an ever-growing, but under-served, environmentally-conscious audience. Atkin quickly found launching her own platform didn’t just offer her editorial freedom, but her more emotive and in-depth output was giving her subscribers more confidence to talk all things climate in their daily lives.“I’ve had so many emails from readers telling me how before Heated the idea of speaking abut climate change to friends, family and colleagues made them anxious,” says Atkin. “Social science shows the best thing we can do as individuals on climate change is to speak about it, but it’s so controversial in the US that many people felt if difficult questions were asked they wouldn’t be prepared.”Her paying subscribers have an expectation of regularly delivered content, and when the pandemic worsened she was struggling to write about the relationship between coronavirus and the climate crisis in a coherent and digestible way. “If I do a podcast, I thought, I could work it out as we go along by talking to really smart people,” she says. The moment matched the medium, and the Heated podcast was quickly launched.She has interviewed the veteran US environmentalist Bill McKibben, Harvard’s interim director of the Center for Climate, Health, and the Global Environment Dr Aaron Bernstein, and a host of her fellow climate journalists. Her response to Planet of the Humans, Michael Moore’s controversial climate documentary (“a bad faith insult to all the work climate and energy scholars, journalists and activists have done in the last ten years”) makes compelling listening.The first episode, however, opens with Atkin offering her own realisation: that living through the coronavirus has changed her thinking on whether individual action on climate, rather than only big business, politicians and the world’s most powerful, has a significant role to play.“Every day now I take an individual action to help protect people: staying at home, wearing a mask, sanitising my hands, avoiding my friends and family,” says Atkin. “And that’s not just to protect people physically, but to show everyone around me that I care about this problem too.”Seeing how quickly most of us have adapted our lives to respond to the Covid-19 crisis and encouraged our peers to follow has been a lesson in the potential of virtue-signalling. Public pressure on governments has forced swifter action, and communities have proven that they’re willing to make major changes both to help themselves but also for a greater good. Maybe, thinks Atkin, the “we’re all in it together” attitude could help to progress the climate cause too.That’s not to say that diving head first into the corona–climate crossover has necessarily made her more confident about the future. When the newsletter started there was momentum behind a Green New Deal, a host of candidates with different climate policies fighting it out in the democratic primary, and climate change forums being broadcast on network TV.“Focus has always been climate change’s number one problem,” says Atkin. “Journalists aren’t willing to cover it properly, people don’t want to to talk about, politicians with vested interests can’t be bothered.” It’s a crisis in prioritisation, and the coronavirus has certainly sapped momentum from the movement.The relative speed at which states have moved on the coronavirus compared to inaction on the long-running climate catastrophe front has also confirmed one of Atkin’s greatest fears: that we live in societies so focused on the short-term that we wait to see the worst happening with our own eyes before we act on it. She isn’t optimistic about that changing any time soon, so that’s where Heated fits into her thinking.”I see my responsibility as documenting the short-term effects of climate change more aggressively so people understand, just like coronavirus, climate change is killing people right now,” she says. Some, Atkin says, might think this make her an activist. “But I think it simply makes me someone who cares about human life, which is a basic tenet of journalism.” Far from being irresponsible to talk about the climate during the coronavirus crisis, as Atkin puts it: it’s irresponsible not to.
382	5	This article is part of a continuing series on Visionaries. The New York Times selected people from all over the world who are pushing the boundaries of their fields, from science and technology to culture and sports.When policymakers, financiers and scientists describe the world decades from now, in the throes of climatic changes that we now only model, they emphasize what might be lost. They discuss the threats to gross domestic product, the havoc wrought by natural disasters or the runaway greenhouse gas emissions released by emerging national economies.To Narasimha Rao, a professor at the Yale School of Forestry and Environmental Studies specializing in energy systems analysis, that is a false choice, one that sacrifices justice on the altar of economic growth.So far, the global economy has not been able to fully decouple growth in G.D.P. from growth in greenhouse gas emissions. That relationship portends doom for a planet trying to keep emissions in check in order to avoid global catastrophe and also for emerging economies — mainly in the global south — working to lift millions out of poverty, and to achieve the levels of growth and success that the United States and much of the West have experienced.But through his research, Mr. Rao, who also has appointments at the International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis in Austria and the Ashoka Trust for Research in Ecology and the Environment in India, has found that we don’t need to choose. Instead, he has developed the Decent Living Energy Project, an assessment of both the energy needs in select emerging economies and the climate impacts of providing everyone in those same economies with a basic living standard. This standard would largely be defined by access to adequate nutrition, safe homes with sanitation and basic amenities such as refrigeration, mobility, education and basic health care.His research shows that reducing inequality — within countries and between them — would improve our ability to mitigate some of the worst effects of climate change, and provide for a more stable climate future. Fundamentally, for Mr. Rao, climate change, at its most essential, is a justice issue. The following conversation has been edited and condensed.How have your views about climate change, mitigation strategies and different levels of global responsibility changed over time?I started out with a more technical background. I was an engineer, and I was drawn to some of the, in my mind, unresolved justice issues about sharing the burden of climate change. Going back to when I didn’t have a good appreciation for what the energy transition entails, it came to me that emerging economies have a particularly difficult dilemma that often doesn’t resolve very well in academic discourse.They have what appear to be conflicting demands — growing, increasing energy use, raising living standards that could, at the same time, lead to calamitous contributions to climate change if we keep going along the same lines. How do you deal with mitigating climate and ensuring international justice as well as justice within these countries?There is a big disconnect between global scenarios of mitigation and international discourse. There are idealized assumptions about what needs to happen while little on the ground reflects those directions of change.What are the major cultural shifts that need to happen to enable those changes?If we are to really get to the level of mitigation that the Paris agreement calls for, it can only happen with increased attention to equity. We are not going to pursue these completely transformative changes without thinking about sharing efforts, and I see that requiring changes in the international sphere.We need to look more rigorously at the basic requirements of human well-being and human progress. We know what they are in economics and social policy, but we don’t know how to align those requirements with climate change and energy use. The dominant discourse in climate change and energy transitions equates well-being to G.D.P., and we need to move beyond that.What are the obstacles in getting people to understand those changes?The models presume that welfare is driven by G.D.P. growth, for example, and that’s an important principle that’s embedded within them. They rarely model distributions or heterogeneity of populations, so you’re looking at aggregate outcomes and ignoring inequalities in society, and that ignores a lot of the problem.We think about India and the U.S. as big emitters without thinking that India has to invest in advanced low-carbon technologies with a fraction of the income of the U.S. and to serve several hundred million in poverty.What inspired you to go into your field?Besides addressing what I thought was an unanswered justice question, Steve Schneider was a real inspiration to me. He was at Stanford, and was a climate scientist who was a really good communicator, who understand not only the science but also the ethics and morality of the science.There was also a team of energy researchers from four continents who started to think about energy needs and technology leapfrogging, after the oil crises triggered concerns of energy scarcity and limits to growth. That work influenced me a lot.And I was inspired a lot by Amartya Sen’s philosophy, in terms of thinking about well-being, but in general I am very much motivated by the need for interdisciplinary thinking about this problem which involves science, ethics, sociology and economics all together, and I think there are very few people who can cross those boundaries.What did you want to be when you were a kid?I grew up in Mumbai in India, for my first 16 years, and I grew up in a middle-class family, but I was exposed to poverty around me. Being an Indian, if you do well at school, you focus on science and engineering. But I was always drawn to the social sciences because that’s where I thought a lot of our problems and solutions lay.From the age of 14, I was struck by poverty, and I wanted to do something to get rid of it. What I wanted to be was — I don’t know how to define it, but somebody who would work to eradicate poverty. I thought it was through education at the time, but that was just a 14-year-old’s thinking.Where do you find sources of creativity?Music on a more personal level encourages the mental peace that brings creative ideas, but for me it’s operating in the space between disciplines. I borrow a phrase from Mr. Schneider that operating at the margins of disciplines and looking at the bridges between them — that’s my source of creativity.How does technology interact with your profession?My view is that technology is essential, but not the primary barrier to the energy transition. We need the right incentives to guide its development with a sense of purpose, and that purpose needs to be the public good. A lot of technological developments are driven by developers without regard to their long-term consequences for society.Discussions of climate change have often focused on sacrifice and loss as opposed to the benefits of a lower-carbon lifestyle. Is it possible to shift that way of thinking?In some ways, the costs of reducing climate change are overstated. We haven’t really explored enough the benefits to our well-being of a low-carbon lifestyle, and this is one of the biases I see in the research: that risky technologies are the only ways to address climate change.If you think about more public transit, more sustainable diets, more high-tech communities with perhaps more modest homes, these are things that can benefit people in the future, and likewise, I think in developing countries it will also require a shift away from present trends.What are some of the more positive developments that you’ve seen in the climate movement recently?It’s really the groundswell of public movement all over the world, most recently in the last few weeks. To me that’s the kind of pressure we need on politicians. We’ve been talking about this until now in a normative and academic sense, but climate action is largely a political problem.
430	4	"One little girl draws a nightmarish picture of people calling for rescue as they drown in rising water.Another sketches a huge snake with sharp teeth to show the power and danger of flooding.These disturbing images are the work of children at a primary school in Can Tho province, a region of Vietnam that is regularly swamped.They live in the Mekong Delta, a huge plain of rivers and rice-fields that's popular with tourists but lies only just above the surface of the ocean.The land itself is sinking and, at the same time, the level of the sea is rising, as global warming causes the water to expand and the ice caps to melt.That's why the delta, one of the world's greatest centres for rice production and home to 18 million people, is recognised as especially vulnerable to the effects of climate change.The children were asked to draw their pictures as part of a project run by Florence Halstead from the University of Hull, a researcher into young people's attitudes on global warming.At a primary school, which was itself flooded three years ago, she asked the pupils to close their eyes and think about flooding and then to describe what was on their minds.Loi, a 10-year-old, leapt to his feet and came out with a shocking image - ""people on their houses screaming for help"".His classmate, To Nhu, used crayons to depict a small girl drifting on her own in a boat towards what looked like a whirlpool or tornado.""I think the flood is so scary,"" she told me, ""and I hope that we will not be swept away in the flood season.""At a neighbouring desk, another pupil, Chau, created a scene that seemed far too horrific for someone so young: bodies were in the water and, below the surface, lurked a monstrous snake. I asked her why.""Because the snake can live under the water and is very scary so it makes me think about the flood,"" she said. Flooding is routine in the delta. Over the centuries, it has played a beneficial role delivering nutrient-rich silt to the fields to make them exceptionally fertile. But, in recent years, the floods have become more damaging; the projections are for more severe and frequent inundations to come. Barriers are being built, but on one stretch of coastline more than 100 homes have been lost, along with big areas of precious farmland. A farmer who saw fields vanish beneath the waves, Lam Van Nghia, said the water level was rising so fast that ""there wasn't enough time to build sea defences"".To add to the stress, seawater pushing inland poisons the soil with salt, either reducing yields of rice or making it impossible to grow this vital part of the food supply.Many farmers are turning to other crops like hay, which is more tolerant of salt, or shrimp which can cope with more of it, all of which reduces the volume of rice produced. A leading farming expert even warned that the days of rice may be over for the Mekong Delta, with huge implications for food security and national income. Thomas Rath, Vietnam director of the UN's International Fund for Agricultural Development, told the BBC that ""this is all under threat"".""Rice production is under threat and 80% of the rice is for exports, so it's a big economic risk for Vietnam,"" he told the BBC.This is why Vietnam, along with several dozen other developing countries, argues that the main target of the Paris Agreement on climate change - to limit the rise in global average temperature to 2C above the pre-industrial level - does not go far enough. It is pressing for a lower target of 1.5C.The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, the UN's climate body, is releasing a report on the benefits of keeping global warming in check and on what is needed to achieve it.To try to understand how rapidly the region is changing, UK and Vietnamese scientists are studying the flows of the rivers and of the sediment they carry.When silt is deposited on the fields, it raises the level of the land, the one thing that helps to build it up and counteract the effect of a rising sea.I met Prof Dan Parsons, of the University of Hull, on a boat carrying sonar equipment to measure the river bed and the quantity of sediment in the water.Measurements over the past 20 years have shown a marked drop in the amount of sediment being delivered - the water looks clearer than in the past - and this is the result of dams upstream trapping everything in the flow.""One clear risk is a heightened threat of flooding,"" Prof Parsons said. ""The saline intrusion that's driven by that relative rise in sea level combines to create a perfect storm of issues for people living here.""While he and his colleagues are investigating the physical changes under way, his student, Florence Halstead, is exploring the social implications, particularly for a generation that will grow up having to face more threatening conditions.She described some of the children's pictures as ""harrowing"" but said it was important to prepare them for what lies ahead. ""They live in a water world, and that's only going to increase - the water's not going to go away and they need to learn how to adapt."""
606	5	As the prospect of catastrophic effects from climate change becomes increasingly likely, a search is on for innovative ways to reduce the risks. One potentially powerful and low-cost strategy is to recognize and protect natural carbon sinks – places and processes that store carbon, keeping it out of Earth’s atmosphere.Forests and wetlands can capture and store large quantities of carbon. These ecosystems are included in climate change adaptation and mitigation strategies that 28 countries have pledged to adopt to fulfill the Paris Climate Agreement. So far, however, no such policy has been created to protect carbon storage in the ocean, which is Earth’s largest carbon sink and a central element of our planet’s climate cycle.Large animals such as whales, which may weigh up to 50 tons and live for over 200 years, can store large quantities of carbon for long periods of time. When they die, their carcasses sink to the seafloor, bringing a lifetime of trapped carbon with them. File photoAs a marine biologist, my research focuses on marine mammal behavior, ecology and conservation. Now I also am studying how climate change is affecting marine mammals – and how marine life could become part of the solution.Marine animals can sequester carbon through a range of natural processes that include storing carbon in their bodies, excreting carbon-rich waste products that sink into the deep sea, and fertilizing or protecting marine plants. In particular, scientists are beginning to recognize that vertebrates, such as fish, seabirds and marine mammals, have the potential to help lock away carbon from the atmosphere.I am currently working with colleagues at UN Environment/GRID-Arendal, a United Nations Environment Programme center in Norway, to identify mechanisms through which marine vertebrates’ natural biological processes may be able to help mitigate climate change. So far we have found at least nine examples.One of my favorites is Trophic Cascade Carbon. Trophic cascades occur when change at the top of a food chain causes downstream changes to the rest of the chain. As an example, sea otters are top predators in the North Pacific, feeding on sea urchins. In turn, sea urchins eat kelp, a brown seaweed that grows on rocky reefs near shore. Importantly, kelp stores carbon. Increasing the number of sea otters reduces sea urchin populations, which allows kelp forests to grow and trap more carbon.Scientists have identified nine mechanisms through which marine vertebrates play roles in the oceanic carbon cycle, as shown in the illustration aboveThe Paris Agreement on Climate Change has four main goals with regards to reducing emissions:1) A long-term goal of keeping the increase in global average temperature to well below 2°C above pre-industrial levels2) To aim to limit the increase to 1.5°C, since this would significantly reduce risks and the impacts of climate change3) Goverments agreed on the need for global emissions to peak as soon as possible, recognising that this will take longer for developing countries4) To undertake rapid reductions thereafter in accordance with the best available scienceSource: European CommissionCarbon stored in living organisms is called Biomass Carbon, and is found in all marine vertebrates. Large animals such as whales, which may weigh up to 50 tons and live for over 200 years, can store large quantities of carbon for long periods of time.When they die, their carcasses sink to the seafloor, bringing a lifetime of trapped carbon with them. This is called Deadfall Carbon. On the deep seafloor, it can be eventually buried in sediments and potentially locked away from the atmosphere for millions of years.Whales can also help to trap carbon by stimulating production of tiny marine plants called phytoplankton, which use sunlight and carbon dioxide to make plant tissue just like plants on land. The whales feed at depth, then release buoyant, nutrient-rich fecal plumes while resting at the surface, which can fertilize phytoplankton in a process that marine scientists call the Whale Pump.And whales redistribute nutrients geographically, in a sequence we refer to as the Great Whale Conveyor Belt. They take in nutrients while feeding at high latitudes then release these nutrients while fasting on low-latitude breeding grounds, which are typically nutrient-poor. Influxes of nutrients from whale waste products such as urea can help to stimulate phytoplankton growth.Finally, whales can bring nutrients to phytoplankton simply by swimming throughout the water column and mixing nutrients towards the surface, an effect researchers term Biomixing Carbon.Fish poo also plays a role in trapping carbon. Some fish migrate up and down through the water column each day, swimming toward the surface to feed at night and descending to deeper waters by day. Here they release carbon-rich fecal pellets that can sink rapidly. This is called Twilight Zone Carbon.These fish may descend to depths of 1,000 feet or more, and their fecal pellets can sink even farther. Twilight Zone Carbon can potentially be locked away for tens to hundreds of years because it takes a long time for water at these depths to recirculate back towards the surface.To treat “blue carbon” associated with marine vertebrates as a carbon sink, scientists need to measure it. One of the first studies in this field, published in 2010, described the Whale Pump in the Southern Ocean, estimating that a historic pre-whaling population of 120,000 sperm whales could have trapped 2.2 million tons of carbon yearly through whale poo.Another 2010 study calculated that the global pre-whaling population of approximately 2.5 million great whales would have exported nearly 210,000 tons of carbon per year to the deep sea through Deadfall Carbon. That’s equivalent to taking roughly 150,000 cars off the road each year.A 2012 study found that by eating sea urchins, sea otters could potentially help to trap 150,000 to 22 million tons of carbon per year in kelp forests. Whales can also help to trap carbon by stimulating production of tiny marine plants called phytoplankton, which use sunlight and carbon dioxide to make plant tissue just like plants on land. File photoEven more strikingly, a 2013 study described the potential for lanternfish and other Twilight Zone fish off the western U.S. coast to store over 30 million tons of carbon per year in their fecal pellets.Scientific understanding of marine vertebrate carbon is still in its infancy. Most of the carbon-trapping mechanisms that we have identified are based on limited studies, and can be refined with further research. So far, researchers have examined the carbon-trapping abilities of less than 1% of all marine vertebrate species.Many governments and organizations around the world are working to rebuild global fish stocks, prevent bycatch and illegal fishing, reduce pollution and establish marine protected areas. If we can recognize the value of marine vertebrate carbon, many of these policies could qualify as climate change mitigation strategies.In a step in this direction, the International Whaling Commission passed two resolutions in 2018 that recognized whales’ value for carbon storage. As science advances in this field, protecting marine vertebrate carbon stocks ultimately might become part of national pledges to fulfill the Paris Agreement.Marine vertebrates are valuable for many reasons, from maintaining healthy ecosystems to providing us with a sense of awe and wonder. Protecting them will help ensure that the ocean can continue to provide humans with food, oxygen, recreation and natural beauty, as well as carbon storage.This article is republished from The Conversation under a Creative Commons license. Read the original article.
464	3	"Texas governor Greg Abbott pledged to fight climate crisis executive orders signed by Joe Biden that he claims will undercut his state’s oil and gas production.Through his own executive order, the governor authorised state agencies to bring legal challenges to policies implemented by the new president and his administration.“When it comes to threats to your jobs, you have a governor who has your back,” Mr Abbott told workers at an oilfield service firm where he signed his order. “Texas is going to protect the oil and gas industry from any type of hostile attack from Washington.”On Wednesday Mr Biden unveiled a series of orders designed to combat climate change that energy producing states see as a threat to their core businesses. The president made climate change a national security concern, ordered a pause in new oil and gas leases on federal land, and cut subsidies as part of his drive to transition away from fossil fuels.He also directed federal agencies to “procure carbon pollution-free electricity and clean, zero-emission vehicles to create good-paying, union jobs and stimulate clean energy industries.” Mr Biden hopes to set the country on a path to decarbonise the power sector by 2035, and reach net-zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050.Read our full mailing list consent terms hereRead our full mailing list consent terms hereWhen Mr Abbott was the state's attorney general during the Obama administration he sued the federal government 31 times — mostly over environmental legislation and regulation.Ken Paxton, the current attorney general of Texas, has already challenged the new administration by asking a federal judge to temporarily block enforcement of a Department of Homeland Security directive establishing a 100-day halt to most deportations. “Texas will continue with that litigation strategy to fight back against any efforts by the Biden administration that threaten either the energy sector in general or jobs in the energy sector,” Governor Abbott said.Mr Abbott said the executive order he signed on Thursday calls on “every state agency to use all lawful powers and tools to challenge any federal action that threatens the strength, vitality or independence of the energy industry in Texas.” ""This is a homework assignment for every state agency in Texas,"" he added.The governor also plans to prohibit cities in Texas from banning natural gas appliances under a state bill he intends to file.Texas produces more than 40 per cent of the nation's crude oil, and just under a quarter of its natural gas. The oil and gas industry makes up approximately one third of the gross state product.Environmentalists argue that the governor’s order is misguided given the severity of climate change’s impacts on the state from hurricanes, storms, flooding, and extreme heat waves."
344	4	"Oxfam's Rachael Le Mesurier talks about the report on The AM Show.  Credits: Image - Getty Images; Video - The AM Show The Detail is a daily news podcast produced for RNZ by Newsroom and is published on Newshub with permission. Click on this link to subscribe to the podcast.What’s changed? Not a huge amount when it comes to the science, says Stuff climate change editor Eloise Gibson ... but quite a lot when it comes to the messaging.This report is less specialised, less dense, Gibson says, and appears to have among its aims influencing governments through people power. The more 'normal people' understand about what's happening, the easier it is for citizens themselves to hold their own governments to account.On today's episode, Emile Donovan sits down with Gibson to discuss the good, bad, and ugly headlines from the IPCC's sixth assessment report.The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change was formed in 1988.It released its first report in 1990.And in the interceding 31 years, the science has remained largely the same, says Gibson.""The fundamental message hasn't changed that much. Certainly it's gotten stronger, more solid, more widely accepted, but there's nothing in the latest report that researchers didn't know 30 years ago.""Had we started in earnest on this transition 30 years ago, we would have a lot of these things cracked by now. We're certainly capable of doing it.""While the big picture hasn't changed too much, the language used to communicate its ideas has. ""The first takeaway of the report is: the effects of climate change are here ... and they're here now, it's not something that a model on a computer is telling us is going to happen in 100 years' time.""The second was that it's now inarguable, incontrovertible, that these changes are being caused by us - and the signal of that, versus the noise of natural variability, is now very clear as well.""The third takeaway is that some of these impacts are now baked in. Seas are going to keep rising for centuries or millennia now, because of temperature changes that we've already produced. We can't do anything about that. And the atmosphere is going to keep warming for 20 or 30 years now, in even the best-case scenario.""But the final takeaway is that it's not too late to put the brakes on, and stop it getting worse."" The IPCC's most recent assessment report before this came out eight years ago and was criticised for its inaccessibility and dense language: scientists writing for other scientists.However, Gibson says that's very different this year. The summary of the report - the wording of which has to be agreed on by all the governments involved with the IPCC, which is a politically delicate, weeks-long process as representatives veto and sanitise certain words and phrasing - is much more accessible.Gibson suggests this may be a deliberate act on the part of the IPCC to encourage people to engage with and understand the ideas in the report, and force their own governments to act. ""This is something that affects all of us ... we should be able to understand it, we should be able to read it."""
851	3	"One of these questions recently came my way from Sital Sathia, who has been following CNN's Two Degrees series on climate change from Chicago. Sathia, who is an environmental policy student, phrased the question this way: ""Is climate change associated with the treacherous natural disasters we are currently experiencing?""Attributing extreme weather events to climate change is one of the most important aspects of climate change research. It's also controversial. The reason for the latter: It's difficult to prove a single weather event was ""caused"" by humans burning fossil fuels and warming the planet. After all, extreme weather has occurred all over our planet long before humans started interfering with the climate system. But scientists are clear that some extreme weather events are influenced by global warming. How do we decide what's normal and what's not?Let's look at the recent example of historic flooding in the Southeast, particularly South Carolina and North Carolina. The record rains are blamed for the deaths of at least 19 people and hundreds of thousands were put under a ""boil-water advisory"" because of the contamination of water supplies. Was this flooding caused by climate change? We don't know for sure, at least not yet. More research is needed. But we know this event has the fingerprints of climate change all over it.  This flooding contained a combination of several extreme weather events that we expect to occur more frequently as a result of global warming -- including extreme precipitation (i.e. a lot of rain falling in a short amount of time) and coastal flooding.  The South Carolina governor called the event a ""one-in-1000 year flood,"" which means that the likelihood of this type of event occurring in a given year is about 0.1%. But according to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, these return periods are decreasing, and the more we warm the planet, the more likely these events are to occur. This is because the more the planet warms, the more water vapor the atmosphere can hold, adding more rain to big storms. Therefore, this 1-in-1000-year event may become more like a 1-in-100 year event. Indeed, we have seen numerous high-profile examples of these extreme rainfall events recently, including those in France, Japan and Boulder, Colorado.The flooding in South Carolina was worsened by coastal inundation, particularly in Charleston, where a combination of strong winds, partly associated with nearby Hurricane Joaquin, and high tides caused ocean water to flood much of the city. Once again, there is a clear climate change connection to this flooding, as sea levels in Charleston have risen a foot in the past century, according to NOAA, which clearly added to the destruction this storm system was able to bring. This gives us a clear example of how coastal cities are being affected by climate change, especially during extreme storms such as those we saw in New Jersey with Superstorm Sandy.The IPCC produced a special report specifically on the role climate change plays in extreme events. ""Extremes have changed as a result of anthropogenic influences,"" the panel says, ""including increases in atmospheric concentrations of greenhouse gases."" But the level of confidence varies depending on the type of event or weather. This has to do with the rarity of the event (the rarer the event, the harder it is to attribute it to global warming because the historical dataset is very limited), and the complexity of the dynamics required to produce the event.  Heavy rain events and coastal flooding are among the easiest to link to climate change. Heat waves and droughts are somewhat easy to link, but are more difficult. One recent study looked into the role climate change is playing the California drought and found that, while natural variability is the largest factor in the current drought, ""[manmade] warming has substantially increased the overall likelihood of extreme California droughts."" They pin the actual percentage as up to 27% of the three-year drought being caused by climate change.As science advances, this type of climate detective work may get easier still. Ask a question and shape CNN's coverageRead more about the Two Degrees seriesSubscribe to the Two Degrees newsletter"
763	4	"For the past decade, when a meteorologist in the US has said that a temperature or type of precipitation is above normal, they were comparing it to the average based on weather observations from 1981-2010. In May, a new average will be used, using data from 1991-2020. These new climate normals show a warmer and wetter US.""We're really seeing the fingerprints of climate change in the new normal,"" Palecki added. ""We're not trying to hide that. We're in fact, reflecting that on the new normal so that we keep track of the climate, so people know what the climate is now. We use other data sets to show the climate change over time, but this is a really neat one to look at.""Climate normals are a 30-year average of recent climate conditions, according to NOAA. They provide the baseline for comparing weather and climate to the recent past.When comparing the new 1991-2020 temperature average to the 20th century (1901-2000) average, it clearly shows most of the lower 48 states are much warmer now than in the past.Breaking it down further by showing the 30-year temperature normals of the past century side-by-side shows ""the huge difference in temperature over time as we go from cooler climates in the early 20th century to ubiquitously warmer climates here in the last two sets of normal,"" said Palecki.Although the warming trend is very clear in the longer-range comparison (1991-2020) compared to 1901-2000), not everyone will have a warmer temperature normal (1991-2020) compared to the last normal (1981-2010) when the new climate normals are put into operation.Temperatures from 1991 to 2020 were generally warmer in most regions and the majority of seasons across the United States, but the North Central US was somewhat cooler than the 1981 to 2010 data, especially in the spring.""Interestingly, this shift [to warmer normal] will result in there being fewer 'above normal' temperature days in most of the US at the start of this decade compared to recent years that used the previous normals cycle,"" said Palecki.Taking precipitation data and displaying the 30-year averages over the last century also reveals the influence of climate change, with a wetter trend.""Precipitation normals have changed and varied from time to time, some periods drier, some periods wetter, but in the last three normals we've been driving toward a much wetter environment in most of the US,"" said Palecki.When comparing 1991-2020 precipitation normals to the 1981-2000 normals, there were notable large increases across much of the East, and distinct, season-dependent shifts were also observed in the West.Click here to get your latest weather forecast from CNNThe nuance in the precipitation changes can get lost when averaging the entire year. Some locations may see wetter winters but drier summers, with little net change in annual average precipitation. These changes can create big impacts on natural ecosystems and agriculture that depend on precipitation at specific times.Changes in intensity and type of precipitation can also occur without changing the annual total. More rain, less snow. Heavier downpours with longer dry spells. Applying climate data to everyday lifeClimate normals offer a wide range of applications beyond just weather and climate comparisons.""These new normals are a better baseline for today's climate, helping inform activities in many economic sectors,"" said Palecki. Power companies use climate normals to regulate energy load forecasting. Farmers benefit from the data for crop selection and planting times, while construction companies use them for planning and building design.Local governments can use average snowfall for operation budget planning and monitoring water resources, and the new data will go into calculating various drought indices. These benefits extend to countless other industries and sectors.The data is gathered from observations at nearly 10,000 weather stations across the US, operated by NOAA and the National Weather Service, and serves as the nation's official climate normals for the next 10 years.NOAA recommends an update each decade to climate normals, in part to incorporate newer weather stations coming online. However, the agency acknowledges that more recent updates are needed to keep pace with conditions as climate changes over time.""This is why temperature and precipitation normals of means, totals and statistics often shift and change from one 30-year period to the next,"" says Palecki.The window of three decades of observations is considered lengthy enough to offset any variations you would expect from one year to the next. However, with so many weather extremes in recent years, enhanced by human-caused climate change, NOAA is serving up a modified version of its climate normals beginning later this year.For the first time ever, NOAA will include 15-year normals to better represent a climatology period closer to today.The new NOAA normals will be available to the public on May 4 and can be accessed on the NOAA National Centers for Environmental Information's web page."
462	4	"Six degrees Celsius of warming may not sound like much -- probably because ""temperatures can swing by 6 degrees within an hour if a warm front passes, and it doesn't mean the end of the world,"" said Mark Lynas, author of a book called ""Six Degrees: Our Future on a Hotter Planet.""But if we raise global average surface temperatures by just 6 degrees above pre-industrial levels, Lynas told me, we'll create ""a scenario which is so extreme it's almost unimaginable.""""Most of the planetary surface would be functionally uninhabitable,"" he said. ""Agriculture would cease to exist everywhere, apart for the polar and sub-polar regions, and perhaps the mid-latitudes for extremely heat-tolerant crops. It's difficult to see how crops could be grown elsewhere. There's a certain level above which plants just can't survive.""There's a certain level where humans biologically can't survive outside as well ... The oceans would probably stratify, so the oceans would become oxygen-deficient, which would cause a mass extinction and a die off in the oceans, as well -- which would then release gases and affect land. So it's pretty much equivalent of a meteorite striking the planet, in terms of the overall impacts.""I chatted with Lynas, a science writer in the UK, about how to avoid a 6-degree world, the international goal of limiting global warming to 2 degrees -- and how to talk to kids about climate change. The following is an edited transcript of our conversation.For background: This interview came about because of you. Lynas's book was one of 12 chosen by readers for a book club as part of my ""2 degrees"" series on climate change. To follow along, and shape the coverage, sign up for the 2 degrees newsletter. Lynas has agreed to take your questions the week of June 8.Sutter: I've gotten a lot of questions from readers about what 2 degrees of warming means. What does it mean for sea levels? What does it mean for hurricanes? Extinctions? Those sorts of things. Could I run through a couple of those and get your take on it, as someone who's read through just mountains of this research?Lynas: Sure, sure. I'll do my best. Sutter: OK. Could we start with extinctions? What will we see around the 2-degree mark?In the marine environment, I think the most threatened ecosystems are coral reefs. (They're) threatened both by coral bleaching, due to rising temperatures and ocean acidification, plus the general degradation of everyday, general human activity. It's very tough to imagine that the world's coral reefs will continue to exist in their present day form in a 2-degree warmer world. The other most-threatened environments probably are the mountain ecosystems -- where species will be left marooned in shrinking islands of habitat. As temperature rises, you can imagine biomes rising up the sides of the mountains, and species which are dependent on a certain level of temperature and humidity will get left with nowhere to go.Sutter: What about hurricanes and severe weather?There's really a lot of uncertainty about this. It's possible to imagine hurricanes will become less frequent but more intense, and possibly (form) over new areas. Sutter: What about droughts? I get a lot of California questions.Lynas: The overall global picture is kind of, 'unto them that have with be given more and unto them have not shall be taken away' -- if you want to get biblical. That maps out as the subtropics, which are already the drier parts of the globe, will become more water-deficient. The deep tropics will actually get more rainfall, as well as some of the mid-latitudes. But the subtropics -- which is the southwest of the U.S. -- would expect to see less rainfall, which indeed seems to be what's happening. That does call into question, really, the development model that large areas of the southwestern U.S. have adopted -- expecting a large amount of freshwater to be available to urban areas and agriculture, which are already in a pretty arid location. So I do think it's going to be hard to adapt to that change. Sutter: I've also gotten questions about the low-lying Pacific Island nations. At 2 degrees, what is their fate? Lynas: I used to be adviser to president of the Maldives, who is, by the way, now in jail due to there having been a coup. But his challenge, and his main agenda, when he was president, was to bring to attention the fate of the small island states -- especially those that are coral atolls. For the Maldives, the entire country exists at a meter or less above sea level, and little more. It's difficult to imagine the survival of coral atoll nations at 2 degrees, it has to be said. Although the extinction process depends on the rate of sea level rise. It might take decades, it might take centuries, it's not clear at the moment. But I don't think they have a very long term future.Sutter: Moving up the degree ladder, you describe a 6-degree world as a ""sixth circle of hell."" What do you mean by that -- and can you describe some of what we know about that world? Lynas: It's a scenario which is so extreme it's almost unimaginable. Not many studies have addressed this because it's so far off the scale of what can be envisaged. I found myself looking back at the really serious traumatic events in the Earth's geological history, which have led to mass extinctions, such as the one at the end of the Permian period, 250 million years ago, which wiped out nearly 90% of life on Earth. Actually, a lot of the mass extinctions seem to have been associated with very rapid global warming events. Humans are releasing carbon more rapidly even than took place during mass extinctions. We haven't gotten there in terms of the overall amount, but we're certainly moving in that direction. So it's not a planet that I think any of us would want to live in, and it doesn't have to happen. While I think it's important to try to visualize what a 6-degree world would look like, it's also important to remember that we don't have to go there.Sutter: What else do we know about a 6-degree world? Lynas: Most of the planetary surface would be functionally uninhabitable. Agriculture would cease to exist everywhere, apart for the polar and subpolar regions, and perhaps the mid-latitudes for extremely heat-tolerant crops. It's difficult to see how crops could be grown elsewhere. There's a certain level above which plants just can't survive. There's a certain level where humans biologically can't survive outside, as well. We get close enough already in the Arabian Peninsula and some other parts of the world. Remember, 6 degrees is a global average. It would be probably twice that over land and somewhat less than that over the oceans. The oceans would probably stratify, so the oceans would become oxygen deficient, which would cause a mass extinction and a die off in the oceans, as well -- which would then release gases and affect land. So it's pretty much equivalent of a meteorite striking the planet, in terms of the overall impacts.Sutter: I'm wondering why you took this approach -- looking at climate change by degrees?Lynas: A lot of people want to know what warming we get with what emissions path, or what warming we might get by what date. That's pretty fundamentally uncertain because they depend on different factors which aren't very well quantified. I felt that looking at it degree by degree was much more robust. If the temperature rises by X amount then what will be Y impacts? There are three major sources of information about that. One is the observational changes we're already seeing in terms of impacts in temperature rise. The second is computer models showing different ecosystem changes or whatever. And the third is paleoclimate sources -- so looking at how the climate was different in earlier hotter periods in geologic time. So piecing those together and mapping them onto a degree by degree picture seemed to me to be a way to try to convey this in a visual and intuitive -- but also highly scientifically appropriate -- way.Sutter: What do you think about the world's focus on the 2-degree mark? One activist said to me that 2 degrees is the only thing the international community agrees upon for climate change. Lynas: I think it's important to have a target -- because it focuses policy and it focuses people's efforts. And it makes sense also to have a target based on the temperature. But it's not something we can meet, by definition. We don't have a simple thermostat where we can decide exactly how much carbon to emit and have an exact temperature result dependent on that. So, there's uncertainty, really, about what level of emissions will lead to what temperature outcomes, by when. However, I think that 2 degrees is really the absolute upper limit of what's tolerable in terms of ecosystems and, probably, adaptive capacities of human societies. A 2-degree world is a world without coral reefs, and with much less snow and ice and with fairly dramatic heatwaves -- and other impacts. So, I would like to see a global warming future in which warming actually is lower than that, personally.Sutter: Do you think that's possible?Lynas: I think it's possible. It's not very likely. If our current understanding of climate sensitivity is broadly correct then we're probably going to come in between 2 and 3 degrees, somewhere, by the end of the century. I guess the good news is the absolutely calamitous 5 and 6 degree outcomes are particularly unlikely, too, although still possible. And certainly, the risk of them happening is higher than the risk of an airplane crashing when we get onto it.Sutter: Wait, so you're saying the risk of 5 or 6 degrees of warming -- a doomsday scenario -- is higher than an airplane crashing?Lynas: Well, the likelihood of an airplane crashing is, I don't know, one in 1 million -- or something on that order of magnitude. Whereas the likelihood of coming within 5 or 6 degrees of warming is probably more than 1 in 100. It's the sort of risk that one would not tolerate at a personal level. But, perhaps because we can diffuse responsibility, we feel that it's tolerable for our species to take that gamble with the whole planet. Maybe it's because we just think there's nothing we can do about it. And we have an in-built optimism bias, myself included, where we like to think that things will just turn out all right, because they often tend to. And meantime we'll go on with our lives as normal. It's a big ask, I guess, to make society as a whole forgo the main energy source we all enjoy, which is fossil fuels, in order to forestall uncertain impacts decades into the future.Sutter: One of the things that struck me from your book is that you were surprised people are depressed by climate change. Isn't this a pretty depressing subject?It doesn't really matter whether you find it depressing or not, it's the scientific reality. We have to deal with it. A thing like climate change is known as a 'wicked problem.' It's seen differently by different people, according to their psychological, political and cultural biases. You can frame it as just a technology challenge: Let's get off of fossil fuels and let's get onto renewables and nuclear -- easy. Or you can frame it as a moral challenge: We're trespassing on the rights of future generations and how dare we do that. Or you can see it as a political challenge -- that somehow these big fossil fuel corporations are transgressing democracy and forcing us to stay hooked on oil and coal and gas. Different people, according to their politics, will see climate change fundamentally in this way. It's not a simple problem to understand.Sutter: So how do you look at it? Do you ever find climate change overwhelming or depressing, personally? Well, I'm a pragmatist. I think it's a solvable problem. I don't think we need to abandon capitalism or change our entire political system in order to tackle this challenge. Other people do, and I disagree with them on that. And we have debates late into the night. But I think with next-generation nuclear technologies, and particularly with the way solar power is developing so rapidly, and how rapidly it's coming down in cost, and how quickly the technology is improving, there are zero-carbon options now becoming much more widely available, which will bring down our emissions much more rapidly than people think -- or than people thought just a few years ago. I don't think there's any point being pessimistic about that. Pessimistic people don't achieve anything. It's important to do what's possible -- and to do it quickly.Sutter: What do you make of the way the world's responding? Lynas: We are now inhabiting a human-dominated planet. We are in a new epoch known as the Anthropocene. The Holocene is now considered to be over. And I don't think there's really been another species that has had that effect on the planet before -- maybe the first bacteria that emitted oxygen, or photosynthesizing microorganisms. But we really are into terra incognita looking forward. That gives our species a serious level of responsibility for planetary management that people just don't really appreciate at any kind of fundamental physiological or political level. We are in charge. It's up to us. We actually do have an overall effect on the earth's temp. It's not up to Mother Nature anymore to run the show. Sutter: Do you have children? Lynas: Yeah. The reason I was distracted just a minute ago was my kids just came back from school. Sutter: Do you talk to them about this? What do you say?Lynas: I talk to them a bit. They know what I do. Younger generations have grown up with this specter. It's a bit like how those of us who are older grew up with the Cold War and the threat of nuclear annihilation ... So they're not entirely in a different situation, I suppose, from previous generations. You could feel bad for future generations, but on the other hand I'm not sure their future is any worse than the future for somebody born in, say, 1900, who in all likelihood, in Europe, would have killed in one of the world wars. It's a manageable problem. We're beginning to get the grips of it. There are some positive signs already -- China and the U.S. agreeing to peak emissions, and things like that. So it's not a counsel of despair. And I think it's important to talk to kids at that level -- not to make them think that somehow they're fundamentally doomed. That isn't the case and doesn't have to be the case.Sutter: What needs to happen to ensure things do improve? What are the benchmarks you're looking to to say, 'OK, we're managing this problem. We're doing what's needed'?Lynas: Well, I'm a ecomodernist, which is a new label a lot of environmental thinkers are beginning to attach to themselves -- because it's a bit different from more traditional environmentalism, which thought we were somehow doomed or we were fundamentally a destructive species. We can turn this around -- this and other problems as well, if we have a more pragmatic approach to politics, economist -- and especially technology. We need to have a price on carbon, so that emitting carbon dioxide isn't cheaper than other energy sources. We need to invest heavily in research and development in zero-carbon sources, including next-generation nuclear renewable energies, especially solar. And we need to deploy them on an ever wider scale, with increased financing. We also need to have a political agreement -- so there's a sense the whole world is moving in the right direction. All of those things are not just possible, but I think they're fundamentally achievable, and likely. But we need to keep the pressure up on politicians and on everyone else. Email questions to: climate [at] cnn.com. Subscribe to the ""2 degrees"" newsletter. Follow the project on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram."
502	3	"Sandra HazlehurstThe latest findings on the predicted effects of climate change will be discussed by Hastings District councillors at a meeting tomorrow..The council's district development committee will consider a staff report prepared following the release of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change's Working Group I and II Fifth Assessment Reports, with particular reference to how climate change may affect the Hastings District.Committee chairwoman Sandra Hazlehurst said the report was a strong reminder of the need to take action on climate change.""It is now clear that even with our best efforts globally, mitigation alone will not be enough. Hastings District Council has been focused on climate change for a number of years and has been proactive in identifying the challenges,"" she said.""Council has been introducing mitigation measures, including a more compact, high amenity urban form, walking and cycleways, and energy and resource conservation programmes, for some time. It has also been planning for and introducing adaptation measures, and this report reinforces the importance of these.""Climate change impacts were discussed in the council's 2012 long term plan which guides future development in the district.""The latest report does not significantly alter the local impact projections that were included in a report commissioned by the council from Hawke's Bay based scientist Dr Gavin Kenny in 2011,"" Ms Hazlehurst said.""However Council has noted that the Ministry for the Environment may now need to revise their sea level rise guidelines upwards.""She said the council was currently working on a cohesive approach to climate change adaptation which looks at how the district, both urban and rural, might respond to changes over time.""In the meantime, we continue to work with the Regional Council on hazard scenario mapping, and our water strategy work includes an analysis of the systems vulnerability and resilience to climate change. The hazard work in particular is of importance as we look at erosion and inundation along our coastline and whether future development should be allowed close to the coast,"" she said.Hastings District had recently become more active on the Hawke's Bay Regional Council's management of fresh water resources in the region, she said.""Water storage, together with efficient use and management is absolutely vital to the future of the primary production sector which impacts greatly on the future prosperity of the whole region. The Climate Changes Fifth Assessment reports serve to reinforce the need to continue with and possibly even accelerate our mitigation and adaptation measures in the face of the predicted changes and I am pleased that this Council has included those implications within a number of its current work streams."""
161	4	IT IS NOT just that Asia accounts for the greatest proportion of the world’s carbon emissions, with China the biggest emitter, India the third-biggest, and Japan, South Korea and Indonesia all among the top dozen. Asians are also the most vulnerable to climate catastrophe, with melting Tibetan glaciers, less predictable rains upon which its farmers depend, and fiercer storms and rising sea levels threatening huge, sinking megacities such as Jakarta, Manila, Mumbai and Shanghai.By and large, national governments in Asia acknowledge the challenge. A baneful exception is Australia, whose conservative government is running away from climate commitments. Its failure to show the way in cutting emissions has only reinforced an argument which, increasingly, Asian environmentalists as well as self-serving autocrats make: that a crisis as severe (if man-made) as rising temperatures can be mitigated only by the firm smack of authoritarian rule. Democracies huff and puff and, prey to vested interests and voters’ distaste for hard choices, ultimately shirk the task.America under President Donald Trump, who wants to pull out of the Paris agreement, underscores the case. Global leadership on climate falls, by default, to China. The Communist Party first baked climate change into planning in 1990. The policy output has been prolific. It includes a national climate-change programme and a renewable-energy law. By 2017 China had cut the carbon dioxide emitted per unit of GDP by 46% compared with 2005, three years ahead of schedule. It says 20% of its energy will come from non-fossil sources by 2030.The choices China makes will be critical if the world has a chance of keeping temperature rises to no more than 1.5°C. Above all, coal use needs to fall sharply—easy improvements to date in carbon efficiency are not enough. Yet for all that China is far and away the biggest manufacturer and user of solar technology, it remains the hungriest user of coal. After a two-year pause in breaking ground for new coal-fired power stations, last year China began the construction of 28GW of new capacity. The total capacity under construction, 235GW, will boost Chinese coal power by a quarter. As for the Belt and Road Initiative, which aims to boost Chinese prestige abroad by helping countries build infrastructure, a quarter of its energy projects are coal-fired stations. The 136 belt-and-road countries account for 28% of global carbon emissions. Without decarbonisation, that ratio would rocket to 66% by 2050, according to a study backed by Tsinghua University.Authoritarian environmentalism, then, may excel at producing policies but be no better than democratic environmentalism at producing good outcomes—and probably worse. Policy driven by bureaucratic and technocratic elites, with almost no input, monitoring or modification from those who make up civil society, has real drawbacks: think of the provincial governments in China that lie about their coal-use figures and of the supposedly clean, China-backed hydropower projects on South-East Asia’s giant rivers that are wreaking havoc with fish and water flows.Meanwhile, even corrupt, messy India can get some things done. For three years in a row, it has invested more in renewable energy than in fossil fuels—helped by a sharp rise in coal taxes and steep falls in the price of solar power (plus 300 sunny days a year). Power not generated by fossil fuels should reach 60% of the total by 2030.India is a paragon neither of democracy nor of environmentalism. Yet non-governmental and other independent civic groups piping up about the environment are surely better than the mandated silence in China. And even peccant democracies like Australia’s can change course. As it is, state-level governments have ambitious renewables targets, while nine-tenths of Australians say the federal government’s climate policy is not good enough.If governments don’t go after climate, climate will go after them. When Cyclone Nargis killed an estimated 140,000 people in Myanmar in 2008, the lying incompetence of the junta that ran the country at the time hastened its demise. When Communist leaders in China deal with natural disasters, such as the huge earthquake in Sichuan days after Nargis, they know their legitimacy is on the line. Climate is going to test many states in Asia to destruction, but authoritarian ones most of all.Sign up to our new fortnightly climate-change newsletter here
541	5	Climate change is ever more destructive. Why aren’t we heeding nature’s warnings?Lately, it seems, Mother Nature has been trying to get our attention. Its signals are increasingly loud, strident, and hard to miss. Some have been lethal.The year 2015 is poised to become the hottest on record. In October, Hurricane Patricia, the strongest hurricane ever recorded by meteorologists, produced winds that reached 200 miles per hour. Average temperatures in the Arctic have been increasing twice as fast as temperatures on the rest of the planet. This, in turn, contributes to the thawing of the ice-covered polar surface—ice cover that is shrinking by 9 percent every 10 years. Scientists expect polar thawing to raise sea levels to a point that will force the population of many highly urbanized coastal areas to move to higher ground. More relevant for Americans is the fact that the Totten Glacier in East Antarctica is melting as warm ocean water erodes it from underneath. Owing to the laws of gravity, this could elevate sea levels by at least 11 feet in the Northern Hemisphere; in the United States, sea levels could rise by 25 percent more than the global average. A recent study indicated that by the end of the century, some urban centers in the Persian Gulf will occasionally be afflicted with temperature and humidity levels “that are intolerable to humans”—a threat Southeast Asia also faces. In these studies, “intolerable” does not mean very unpleasant. It potentially means mortal danger to those who are exposed, even for a few hours, to these conditions.According to the United Nations, the current number of storms, floods, and heat waves is five times greater than it was in 1970. Although this increase should be partially attributed to the fact that we have better data now than we did half a century ago, numerous studies point to the heightened frequency these days of extreme weather phenomena: abnormally high or low temperatures, torrential rains, mudslides, prolonged droughts, and fierce forest fires. The number of people displaced by the effects of climate change is now greater than ever before. The International Red Cross estimates that there are more environmental refugees than there are political refugees escaping wars and other forms of conflict.After decades of intense debate, an overwhelming majority of scientists now agree that these changes in the earth’s climate are caused by an increase in the emissions of certain gases (especially carbon dioxide, or CO2) produced by human activities. There is still some residual skepticism about this conclusion, some of which results from honest and healthy disagreements among experts. Unfortunately, however, there are also plenty of biased “scientific studies” financed by corporations and other parties, which benefit from current patterns of energy production and consumption and fight any reforms bound to affect their interests.But despite these various distress signals, humanity has hitherto been unable to alter its current, disastrous path toward a warmer planet. This lack of effective action is not just due to certain corporations and countries pushing their fossil fuel-oriented agendas at the expense of the common good. It is also due to human nature.Put simply: Humans have a hard time changing their habits and routines. People who go on weight-loss diets tend to abandon the effort before accomplishing their goals, or to gradually gain back the weight they lost as they return to their old ways of eating. Tobacco smokers similarly struggle to break their nicotine addiction. A health scare is often the surest way to change behavior and renounce unhealthy lifestyles. Surviving a heart attack, for example, can do wonders to make people stop smoking, eat healthier foods, and exercise more often.Will it take a devastating, large-scale climate incident to curb CO2 emissions and change the ways we treat our planet? So far, it looks that way.After all, carbon addiction is rampant in today’s world. The way we light, heat, and cool our homes and offices; our means of transportation; the way our cities are built; the products we consume, from plastics to hamburgers—all require a high consumption of carbon that, once fed into the atmosphere as CO2, contributes to global warming and climate chaos.The most obvious reason why breaking the world’s carbon addiction has proven so difficult is that doing so demands a collective and multinational effort, sustained in perpetuity. If sticking to a diet is difficult for a person, it is far more difficult for countries tasked with acting in concert with one another. Some countries will cheat. Others will demand that the diet followed by the rich and fat be more stringent than that adhered to by the poor and slim. Still others will request that the most onerous diet fall to those that have indulged themselves longest; developing nations like China and India, for instance, argue that they deserve a lighter low-carbon diet than countries that have been polluting the planet and its atmosphere since the Industrial Revolution.In December, the UN will host a climate-change conference in Paris, one that promises—“promises” being the operative word—to yield more progress than more than two decades’ worth of such gatherings. But in this case, success has been defined downward; the agreements that will hopefully be reached in Paris, while welcome, will likely not achieve the goal of keeping average global temperatures from rising 2 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels. Curbing global warming is the greatest challenge humanity has ever faced, and so far humanity has shown little adaptability or foresight. Human inertia will continue challenging Mother Nature, without apparent concern for the fact that nature always wins.To be fair, some progress is being made. According to a recent report by the Renewable Energy Policy Network for the 21st Century, by the end of 2014 renewable energy such as solar, wind, and hydro power constituted nearly 28 percent of global power-generating capacity, and prevailing trends point to an acceleration in this reliance on renewables (though the recent drop in oil prices has simultaneously inhibited the development of more expensive clean-energy sources). More dramatically, atomic fusion, after a long period of research and false starts, seems on the verge of major breakthroughs that could lead to commercial power plants becoming available by 2050, providing practically inexhaustible sources of clean energy. Stewart Prager, the head of the Princeton Plasma Physics laboratory, calls this development “inevitable.”In addition, governments and private institutions and individuals are starting to provide strong financial incentives for the development of cleaner sources of energy in the quickest possible manner. In a recent interview with The Atlantic, Bill Gates spoke urgently about two essential components of this effort. One is a carbon tax, which he describes as the “pull” that would create lucrative enticements to invest in clean alternatives to fossil fuels. The other is research and development, which he calls the “push” that could generate a more efficient, permanent solution to global warming. (Before that permanent solution is found, humans will spend roughly $70 billion per year on adapting to the changed climate they have wrought—costs that will only rise if action against climate change is further delayed.)Progress in curtailing CO2 emissions will come about not by human nature triumphing over Mother Nature, but through our collective realization that the survival of our species depends on how effectively we keep human nature in check—and heed Mother Nature’s warnings.We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
16	4	"Students will have their voices heard as part of a worldwide day of action against global warming on March 15. Photo / File Some MPs say school students have a right to go on ""strike"" over global warming, but not all of them agree.Thousands of New Zealand school students plan to go take part in the worldwide day of action over global warming on March 15.Government Minister Phil Twyford said today it was great to see young people getting involved in issues like climate change because ""if there's one issue that's going to affect the next generation it's climate change"".Fellow Minister Damien O'Connor said there were teacher-only days so March 15 would be a ""kids-only"" day.""These kids are smart, we are dealing with their future.""O'Connor said he would be ""absolutely"" happy for his five daughters to skip school to attend the protest.But Opposition leader Simon Bridges said it might be better if the day of action took place at the same day as secondary teachers went on strike, April 3.""It's a serious issue but I certainly wouldn't want to say anything that encourages students to be taking time out of their schooling. They've got a lot of time at other points of the day, the weekend to be doing this,"" he said.Labour MP Greg O'Connor said it should be up to parents to decide what their children were going to do.""Students now, they're a mature little bunch. I think we should just leave it right up to the parents, and every parent should decide what their child is going to do,"" O'Connor told reporters.""We want more kids involved in politics, and it's a good discussion.""The global strike is expected to bring tens of thousands of students on to the streets across Europe, the United States, Australia and other countries.Last week, national co-ordinator Sophie Handford said protests were being organised in more than 20 towns from Russell in the Bay of Islands to Invercargill.""We are thinking like definitely in the thousands across the country,"" she said. ""If we hit 5000, that will be awesome. If we hit more than that, that will be even better.""NZ Secondary Principals Council chairman James Morris said school principals would not condone the strike.""Whilst most principals would support students expressing support for climate change action, they would be reluctant to approve students taking time away from their classes to do so,"" he told the Herald last week.However, Ministry of Education deputy secretary Ellen MacGregor-Reid said awareness of the environment was an important part of the NZ curriculum.""The NZ curriculum also encourages students to participate and take action as critical, informed and responsible citizens,"" she said.The global movement was sparked by a 15-year-old Swedish schoolgirl Greta Thunberg, who decided last August to stay away from school until the Swedish general election on September 9.She protested by sitting outside the Riksdag (Parliament) every day during school hours with a sign, ""Skolstrejk för klimatet (School strike for climate)""."
549	2	The giant mammals are extremely vulnerable to changes in the ecosystem, making their health a good barometer for the state of the environment.They stood on the top bridge of the cruise ship National Geographic Explorer, peering through binoculars at the vast icy Weddell Sea. It was a summer afternoon in February in Antarctica, the air a balmy 32-or-so degrees Fahrenheit, and John Durban and Holly Fearnbach, biologists with the U.S. National Marine Fisheries Service, had spotted killer whales in the distance.The only question was, were these the Type B2’s, with their gorgeous gray-and-white coloring and their culinary fondness for Gentoo penguins—one of only three kinds of killer whales found in the Antarctic Peninsula? Or another type of killer whale unique to these cold deep waters? From miles away it was hard to tell. The rest of us spectators on the ship, far from our native habitats of Texas, England, and Kenya, gazed out at the ice floes and the foggy horizon splashed with blue, wondering too.The scientists were on board thanks to a grant from the Lindblad Expeditions-National Geographic (LEX-NG) Fund. The fund aspires to protect the ocean’s last pristine areas through research, conservation, education, and community-development projects in the company’s far-flung destinations.For Durban and Fearnbach, who are based in sunny La Jolla, California, the fund has buoyed their research in Antarctica. While they also study orca and humpback whale populations in the Pacific Northwest, the North Atlantic and Alaska, on these trips they’ve been able to observe killer whales in perhaps the most inaccessible place on the planet. Since 2011, the scientists have made several voyages a year to the frozen continent on the Explorer, using the ice-cutting, refurbished Norwegian ferry to follow the whales.On the trip in early February, the scientists were joined by 148 passengers and a flock of naturalists. For those paying hefty sums to see Antarctica, the 10-day voyage was like a floating science classroom. In the lounge, naturalists lectured on such pertinent topics as “Know Your Penguins,” “What Does Ice Tell Us About Climate Change?” and a Belgian expedition’s epic discovery of the Gerlache Strait.Durban and Fearnbach gave several talks about their work in Antarctica, and how the health of killer whales is a barometer of the continent’s rapidly changing environment. Their research has been especially revelatory. Until as little as 20 years ago, scientists used to believe that Antarctic killer whales were all alike. But Durban, his colleague Bob Pitman and others took small skin samples of whales, analyzed their DNA, and ended up discovering that there are five distinct types, each with its own prey preferences, hunting techniques, and habitats. Durban and his colleagues are proposing that they may be separate species. This means that each type of killer whale will adapt to climate change in different ways—some likely better than others—largely depending on their food supply.The enormous Type A’s, which are a striking black and white, feed on minke whales and perhaps elephant seals. The B2’s, which are the smallest and most plentiful, typically frequent the Gerlache Strait, munching on gentoo and chinstrap penguins and probably fish. The B1s, which are a dazzling gray and white, dine on seals. When they hunt, the clever whales band together and literally make waves to wash seals off ice floes. “They are my favorite animals,” said Durban during their talk.It’s not exactly easy to spot killer whales in the Antarctic seas, where the horizon can be an endless expanse of whites and grays and mesmerizing teal-blue ice sculptures. The creatures are mostly underwater, and race through the seas at a brisk 55 miles per hour. When Durban and Fearnbach do spy them, or get a tip from the sharp-eyed crew on the bridge that whales are in sight, the scientists chase after them in a Zodiac—a small, black rubber motorboat—taking photographs and collecting data. The photos help them identify individual whales and keep close track of their health from year to year. They can also pinpoint where in the vast Antarctic waters the whales are most likely to be, and how stable the various populations are. Although they already know a lot, they want to learn more about what the insatiable animals eat. That will tell them if the warming environment is threatening their food sources.There’s abundant enthusiasm for their research on the ship. Passengers and naturalists have contributed thousands of photographs of killer whales to the scientists. Counting their own photographs snapped from the Zodiac and from the Explorer’s decks and bow, they’ve amassed nearly 80,000 images of the little-observed animals.In the past six years, they’ve gained tremendous insights into the enigmatic cetaceans. Using tiny satellite tags affixed to whales that relay their movements, Durban and Fearnbach were the first to document Antarctic whales making a speedy, 5,000-mile trip to the warmer waters of the subtropics and back, apparently to shed their algae-encrusted skin. They recorded the deepest dives—more than 2,000 feet—of any killer whales in the world. They’ve seen feeding behaviors few scientists have: a killer whale dangling an elephant seal in its mouth, another type of killer whale pursuing pretty Adélie penguins.In early February, the researchers had already been out for two weeks traversing the Southern Ocean and Weddell Sea, where Ernest Shackleton’s ship Endurance famously got trapped in ice in 1915, trying to fathom more about the role of killer whales in the continent’s rapidly warming environment.  With news of the ever-widening crack in the nearby Larsen C ice shelf, their quest seemed especially relevant.Larsen C, a mass of ice the size of Vermont and New Hampshire, is melting because of warming from climate change. Because killer whales need sea ice to survive, this means their habitat is changing in profound ways. Durban and Fearnbach were eager to answer some vital questions. How healthy were the Antarctic whales? What were they feeding on? How much prey were they eating? Were the researchers seeing animals they’d photographed in previous years? Or had some whales vanished, perhaps died?These questions matter because killer whales are easily affected by changes in their environment, and heavily shape it, too. Killer whales live as long as humans do, but produce very few calves; each one’s survival is critical. As the continent’s top predator, they’re especially vulnerable to changes in the food chain, like contaminants, or overfishing of krill, a pink, shrimp-like crustacean that humpback whales and other species devour. “In order for them to be healthy, the ecosystem needs to be healthy,” said Durban.They also eat a ton, so they exert a huge influence on Antarctica’s spectacular array of marine life, including Weddell seals, minke whales, and several species of penguins. As the climate changes, the researchers are trying to understand how killer whales are affecting prey populations.That afternoon when they spied the roaming whales, they dashed inside and approached Captain Oliver Kruess. Did they have time to go out in a Zodiac and take photographs? The ship was on a strict schedule, set to be at Mikkelson Harbor, which was hours away on the east side of the Peninsula, by morning. There was some negotiating among the scientists, the captain, and the ship’s expedition leader, Lucho Verdesoto Yumiseba, who was in charge of the daily itinerary. The researchers were told they had 45 minutes. Kruess, who saw the whales go, gave them some handy navigation advice. “It was a great example of the support we get on the ship,” said Durban. “We almost didn’t have time.”They scrambled into a Zodiac with their colleague, Leigh Hickmott, and shot out from the starboard side toward the whales. A gaggle of passengers in orange hooded parkas lined the decks and bow in the freezing air, taking photos. Soon after they launched, they made a thrilling discovery. The seven whales were not B2’s, but the even more elusive Type B1’s. During two expeditions in the previous weeks, they had not seen them once. “They are probably the hardest killer whales to find in the world,” said Durban. “They live in the pack ice, so it’s hard to go where they live. They can do 150 miles a day.”While the Zodiac idled, they launched an unmanned hexacopter into the sky.  The high-tech drone, which is outfitted with a tiny camera, resembled a toy. Fearnbach, her head under a “lucky” towel that’s been with them all over the world, looked at a computer monitor, guiding Durban as he flew the hexacopter 100 feet above the whales, taking pictures. The drone carries an altimeter to record height, so they can scale photographs with startling precision to measure the whales. “We can tell a change in their fatness down to the level of a centimeter,” Durban said. “For a large whale that might weigh dozens of tons, that’s amazing resolution.”In 2014, they were the first to use an unmanned drone in photogrammetry—the art of measuring animals from aerial images—on any kind of whale. Researchers have long used photographs to identify whales using natural markings; scars on their dorsal fins, the colors of their saddle patches. But the drone has considerably upped their game, enabling them to track individuals’ body condition and growth over time, and get better population estimates.With a grant from the LEX-NG Fund, they first flew the hexacopter in Antarctica in early 2016. Over their three voyages, they’ve taken more than 4,600 aerial images.“We used to do this kind of work but from a helicopter or a fixed-wing aircraft,” said Durban. “We’d be several hundreds of feet up so the pictures weren’t as good. It has increased the quality of what we do.”The hexacopter, which is about as light as a toaster and adaptable enough to fly in remote areas, also allows them to collect more data without disturbing the whales. The highly social animals don’t seem to notice it’s there.From that fresh perspective, they’ve seen some startling behaviors in Antarctic waters. Grandmothers giving food to their grandchildren. Sick whales unable to dive, lingering at the surface. Whales swimming close enough to touch.On their first day out the week before, they were floating in the Weddell Sea when they spied something they’d never seen. A group of 25 killer whales—Type B2’s—were rubbing their bellies on icebergs to clean their skin. Because of the freezing waters, Type B whales develop diatoms, a kind of algae that turns their skin yellow. “It was remarkable,” said Fearnbach.One night, as passengers chatted and sipped cocktails in the lounge, Durban and Fearnbach did a slide presentation. The two met studying killer whales in Alaska in 2005, when she joined his research team. They’re both now 40 and married. He’s tall and barrel-chested with a short reddish beard, while she’s petite with long light-brown hair. As they spoke, the $20,000 hexacopter—nicknamed “Chimo” for a white killer whale captured in 1960s—sat propped prominently on a table. “I can guarantee you haven’t seen killer whales like you saw today,” said Durban, showing an aerial photo of the mercurial B1s.Remarkably, little is known about Antarctic killer whales, although they are more plentiful here than anywhere in the world. Over many cruises in the early 1980s, Japanese ship surveys estimated the population at 25,000. But that’s hardly precise. Their research vessels, with good reason, failed to count whales in the treacherous pack ice. Durban and Fearnbach hope to improve the accuracy of the count, by getting abundance estimates in smaller areas in the Antarctic Peninsula.Each hexacopter flight brings new information. Killer whales usually travel in pods of 50, and remain with their family groups their entire lives. By tracking them over time, the scientists hope to discover how climate change is affecting their health. How adaptable is each species to the shifting ice conditions? Some females they’d seen one afternoon were skinny and sick, a worrisome sign. In the lounge, Durban showed a photo of a B1 female and her calf. “One of the shocking things for us—this whale is very very thin,” he said of the mother. “It’s skin and bones. It doesn’t have much blubber.”Later, Durban said, “Normally that type of whale is very fat. Immediately when we got in the boat, they were behaving like they were looking for food. They weren’t as energetic as normal. That one female was in terrible shape and couldn’t dive with the rest of the group.”       Females care for and feed males and their offspring first, so mothers are typically the last to eat. It’s possible the one female was ill, and couldn’t travel to find more food. Or it could signal a problem in the food supply. On previous trips in Antarctica that season, they’d seen other females in poor condition. “To me the bottom line is we’ve got to do more of this,” said Durban. “We’ve got to look at how widespread that is in the bigger population. Not just one group. We can’t take it for granted they’re healthy. We know we’ve got an ecosystem that has significant changes.”With science funding threatened—including programs to mitigate climate change—Durban isn’t sure how their research will fare. The White House wants to slash 17 percent from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s budget, the agency for which he works. “We’re not in a great position,” he said.In past few years they’ve had to get creative. “We’ve become very good at collaborating, seeking diverse funding sources. That’s a model we’re going to have to continue.”As far as the world’s largest predator goes, they have a ton of questions. It’s still unclear what the primary prey species is for Type B2 killer whales. Their previous research has shown the animals frequently dive as deep as 700 meters, deeper even than gifted swimmers like penguins. But what are they eating down there? If the Antarctic Peninsula continues to warm and the ice continues to melt, how will killer whales survive these changes? Already, one of their food sources—Adélie penguins—has declined in several areas around the peninsula. At Palmer Station, one of three U.S. scientific bases in Antarctica, the Adélie population has been decimated.  On the last day of the expedition, the scientists headed out in the glittering waters and ice towers just outside Paradise Bay, and disappeared. Hours later, they appeared in the gray early evening off the bow near a pod of Type B2’s. A sea of dark fins knifed through the black water, eliciting gasps, as passengers on the bridge counted them aloud. Later, securely back onboard, Durban and Fearnbach announced the final tally. There were 40 in the pod, a reassuringly healthy number.Editor's Note: The images included in this story were collected during research conducted under NMFS Permit No. 19091 and Antarctic Conservation Act Permit ACA 2017-029.
998	3	Despite recent and increasing efforts by the United States and other governments to narrow their interpretations of the refugee definition and to shirk their protection responsibilities, the need to expand the grounds for asylum is becoming increasingly urgent as the consequences of climate change become more pronounced. A desperate appeal for asylum by a family from a Pacific island may have far-reaching implications for protecting people forcibly displaced by the effects of climate change. It could cause countries around the world to reconsider their laws and policies concerning refugees.The case involves the Teitiota family, who fled the island of Tarawa in the Republic of Kiribati in 2007 and sought asylum in New Zealand in 2013. Ms Teitiota told the New Zealand court that she feared for her children’s health and wellbeing, that crops and coconut trees on the island were dying.She explained that because of rising sea levels, people were moving from neighbouring atols to Tarawa which led to overcrowding, frequent conflicts between residents and the spread of disease. She shared stories about children getting diarrhoea and even dying because their already scarce drinking water had become contaminated.Ultimately, the Supreme Court of New Zealand dismissed the case, saying the family did not meet the standards required by the Refugee Convention and deported them in 2015.That same year, the father of the family filed a complaint with the United Nations Human Rights Committee, an independent expert body that monitors government compliance with the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights. He claimed that New Zealand had violated his right to life under the covenant because the sea level rise had shrunk habitable space in Kiribati, resulting in violent land disputes and environmental degradation.On January 7, the Committee issued its views, finding the threats to life posed by rising sea levels and other effects of climate change necessitate a broadening of refugee law. “The obligation not to extradite, deport or otherwise transfer pursuant to article 6 of the Covenant,” the committee said, citing its provision on the right to life, “may be broader than the scope of non-refoulement under international refugee law, since it may also require the protection of aliens not entitled to refugee status.”The principle of non-refoulement is a cornerstone of international refugee law, barring the return of refugees – defined as people with a well-founded fear of being persecuted – to places where their lives or freedom would be threatened.The committee noted that Kiribati will become uninhabitable within the next 10 to 15 years because of rising sea levels. Both sudden events, like storms, and slow processes, like salinisation and land degradation, the committee said, “can propel cross-border movement of individuals seeking protection from climate-change related harm thereby triggering the non-refoulement obligations of sending states.”Under a “moderate future scenario”, scientists project that sea level rise in the next 30 years will put about 150 million people permanently below the high tide line. Although most of this displacement will not compel people to cross international borders, people living in countries like Kiribati, which are likely to become completely inundated, will have no choice but to seek asylum outside their country.But Pacific islands are not alone in facing such threats. In landlocked countries like Chad, Ethiopia, South Sudan, and Zimbabwe, where populations are heavily reliant on agriculture and livestock, rising temperatures have contributed to flooding, drought, famine and disease that erode not only arable land but also the resilience of populations that have suffered armed conflict and human rights violations.Whether environmental disasters are the direct cause of displacement or an aggravating factor in combination with violence, inequality, and poor governance, millions of people on the African continent have already been displaced internally or forced to seek refuge in neighbouring countries because they consider staying at their homes a threat to their lives.Because the committee held out hope that the government of Kiribati still has time to intervene to protect its citizens through relocation and other measures, it did not accept the family’s claim that their rights had been violated, saying the risk to their lives was not imminent.One of the dissenting committee members who ruled on this case, however, wrote that the family would “have no access to safe drinking water, which poses an imminent threat to their lives,” while another said, “It would indeed be counterintuitive to the protection of life, to wait for deaths to be very frequent and considerable; in order to consider the threshold of risk as met.”While there still may be room to argue whether life-threatening threats are imminent in particular cases, the Human Rights Committee has recognised that fundamental refugee-protection principles need to be broadened now.This means not only that our common understanding of what it means to be a refugee needs to change, but also that the 173 countries that are party to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights should ensure their asylum standards and procedures are adapted to protect all who face existential threats if returned to home countries that have become unlivable.The views expressed in this article are the author’s own and do not necessarily reflect Al Jazeera’s editorial stance.
774	3	"While this 4-1 record ratio can mainly be attributed to this week's heat wave, it doesn't stray too far from the 2-1 ratio of record highs and lows that we've seen over the past decade in the US.Weather variability can cause this ratio to change from year to year, such as in 2012, when record highs out numbered lows by a staggering 6-to-1 -- but the next year saw extreme highs and lows around the same pace. Record-high temperatures occurring twice as frequently as record lows directly reflects our climate crisis, as you would expect increasing the average temperature to increase the number of extreme highs, while extreme cold happens less frequently.Since our record-keeping began in 1895, the country's average temperature has climbed somewhere between 1.3 and 1.9 degrees Fahrenheit.The National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR) recently conducted research into how this ratio should behave moving forward.""We looked at a model simulation -- where we were increasing carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gasses going off into the 21st century -- and as the climate continued to warm, the ratio continued to grow,"" said NCAR scientist Gerald Meehl.Current projections place that ratio as high as 20-to-1 by 2050 and 50-to-1 by the end of the century.What are the implications?If this ratio continues to grow over time, many temperatures we currently label as extreme may become nothing more than an ordinary occurrence.The same excessive heat warnings and advisories that affected nearly 200 million Americans this week would become more frequent and long-lived. Not only will this impact the elderly and young, who are already particularly vulnerable to heat-related illnesses, it will affect everyone.Heat-related illnesses would only continue to rise globally, with cases ranging from nausea to heatstroke -- which claimed two lives during last week's heat wave.The UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) warns that the planet will reach the crucial threshold of 1.5 degrees Celsius (2.7 degrees Fahrenheit) above pre-industrial levels by as early as 2030, bringing with it the increased risk of extreme drought, wildfires, floods and food shortages for hundreds of millions of people.According to the Fourth National Climate Assessment for the US, the economic costs of climate change could reach hundreds of billions of dollars annually. The Southeast alone will probably lose over a half a billion labor hours by 2100 due to extreme heat."
503	3	"Associate Immigration Minister Craig Foss has received a briefing on the case of Ioane Teitiota and his family, and has tonight declined to intervene. Photo / Dean PurcellPolitical ReporterA last-ditch appeal against the deportation of a man who claimed to be the world's first climate change refugee has failed.Associate Immigration Minister Craig Foss has received a briefing on the case of Ioane Teitiota and his family, and has tonight declined to intervene.That means he will be deported shortly to Kiribati, with his wife and young New Zealand-born children likely to join him.Mr Teitiota had claimed to be the world's first climate change refugee, but that was dismissed by the courts, and Labour instead asked Mr Foss to allow him to stay on humanitarian grounds.READ MORE: Climate change 'refugee' now a humanitarian caseEarlier today, Prime Minister John Key said there was no question that Mr Teitiota was an over-stayer, and not a refugee.""I am sure people feel for the guy - they have got their family here, all these kinds of things. But unfortunately he is not unique in that, and we have to be in the most part consistent.""On the issue of climate change, Mr Key dismissed the notion that New Zealand should consider looking at accepting people on the basis that their homeland was threatened by rising sea levels.""I am certainly not ruling out that a future Prime Minister and a future Government wouldn't take that compassionate view, and I suspect actually that they would. But it would be on genuine grounds that they actually can't live in their country.""Labour MP Phil Twyford, whose electorate includes Mr Teitiota's home in Ranui, this afternoon accepted a petition from a Kiribati-Tuvalu delegation from West Auckland, some with tears in their eyes.Reverend Sumalie Naisali told media that people in Kiribati and Tuvalu were the ""vulnerable of the vulnerables"", and would be the first to lose their countries to rising sea levels.He himself had moved to New Zealand to give his children a better future, and that was what Mr Teitiota had done, and his children were born here and knew no other country.Reverend Naisali said that sending the family to Kiribati was akin to putting someone on dialysis on a plane, despite knowing there was no medical help where they were going.""There is no employment opportunities in Kiribati, there is population density in Kiribati, there are no education opportunities for the children.""Mr Twyford said focussing on the issue of whether he was a refugee was disingenuous, as the courts had already decided that was not the case.Instead, Mr Foss needed to intervene on humanitarian grounds, particularly because the children were New Zealand-born.Green Party co-leader James Shaw said the case was the ""canary in the mine"", and there would soon be ""a flood of people from the Pacific Islands"" because of climate change.Kiribati's capital, Tarawa, is struggling with rapid population growth.In South Tarawa about half of Kiribati's 110,000 population live within an area of 13km2, with most living in slum-like conditions.New Zealand is working with other donors to try and address issues, including by improving access to fresh water, upgrading sanitation facilities, and developing a new subdivision just south of Bairiki Airport."
881	2	"At the northern edge of the Alps, ski runs near the foot of Germany's highest mountain snake down the greenish-brown slopes in narrow white ribbons of artificial snow. Like other resorts at relatively low altitude, global warming has left its mark on Garmisch-Partenkirchen – the site of the 1936 Winter Olympics – putting the town's identity and affluence at risk. It's January and there's so little natural snow that anxiety is building whether upcoming ski races can go ahead. In Garmisch and across the Alps, tourism is a key support for local economies. In neighbouring Austria, it makes up just over 6 per cent of economic output, while in the mountainous region of Tyrol the share is more like 18 per cent. The ratio is similar for the Swiss canton of Graubunden, thanks to resorts like St. Moritz, Klosters and Davos. In France's Auvergne-Rhone-Alpes region, home to Courchevel and Val d'Isere, tourist spending totaled 21 billion euros (NZ$35 billion) in 2018, generating nearly a 10th of gross domestic product and 171,000 jobs. READ MORE: * New Zealand's South Island ski fields plan for warmer winters * Skifields reliant on man-made snow * Should we still travel the world when we're ruining it? * New Zealand tourism sees threat if climate change deters long-haul flyers That source of income is under genuine threat. Climate change is expected to cost Austrian tourism 300 million euros (NZ$503m) a year, according to one of the country's leading environmental protection organisations. In France, authorities in Tignes delayed the start of the ski season by several weeks, citing the effects of global warming on the Grande Motte glacier. ""If greenhouse-gas emissions continue at the same level, snow will almost disappear at lower levels by the end of the century,"" said Marc Olefs, head of department for climate research at Vienna's Central Institute for Meteorology and Geodynamics. At an elevation of 800 metres, Garmisch-known for its landmark ski jump-has little prospect of maintaining its status as a winter-sports mecca. Among visitors, the changing conditions are accepted with quiet resignation. Juergen Hilla, a school teacher from near Frankfurt, predicted that skiing and other winter sports may not be viable in Garmisch in the longer term and that he and his wife may have to consider alternatives for their ski vacation. ""Probably in 20 or 30 years, it won't have the same role as it does now,"" he added after a day on the slopes. The higher runs were in good shape but the lower ones needed cannons spraying artificial snow to keep them passable, Hilla said. To make up for a lack of natural snowfall, resorts switch on the cannons, although they're energy intensive and unpopular with environmentalists. Producing artificial snow will get harder as temperatures rise, Olefs predicted. The practice didn't start because of climate change originally-it was meant to make ski resorts less dependent on the whims of nature, according to Robert Steiger, an assistant professor at the University of Innsbruck. But it's become unavoidable to cope with global warming. ""Some regions and areas will lose ski tourism by the mid of the century, or even earlier,"" said Steiger, who has studied the impact of climate change on tourism. ""Higher areas will survive, but they will have to invest more in snowmaking and to cope with the additional tourist inflow."" Another option is snow farming, where mounds of the precious white flakes are collected in spring and covered with sawdust for use later in the year. Areas most affected by warming are on the outskirts of the Alps-in Austria's east, the foothills in France and Italy and in Germany. They were never as dependent on ski tourism as some regions in the central Alps, and are more attuned to welcoming guests around the year, Steiger said. Already, the summer generates 60 per cent of the tourism intake, according to Garmisch Mayor Sigrid Meierhofer. That's a development seen elsewhere. In Switzerland, summer overnight hotel stays were a third higher than the winter of 2018-2019. Summer bookings overtook winter in Austria as well a few years ago, even as revenue is still higher in the winter months because of equipment purchases and lift fees. ""Summer tourism growth is highest in the mountains,"" according to Ulrike Proebstl-Haider, a professor at Vienna's University of Natural Resources and Life Sciences. ""That's also partly driven by climate change, for instance because it's helped make the autumn more attractive."" In Saalbach-Hinterglemm in Austria, ski runs are transformed into tracks for summer mountain bikers, and cable cars are remodelled to accommodate the muddy riders on their way up. Swiss towns are picking up on the trend. Both Gstaad and Verbier host concerts of classical music in the summer, while Davos also offers summer conferences, expanding its schedule beyond January's World Economic Forum. At Garmisch City Hall, Meierhofer is putting on a brave face, citing the town's brisk conference business. ""Of course, we have to come up with concepts to maintain the winter tourism that we still have,"" she said. ""You say it's brown – I say the hiking paths are open.""  "
457	3	"According to Roman legend, Bacchus, the Roman god of wine, traveled as far as India to learn everything about the craft of harvesting grapes. Today, however, such tropical climates can increasingly be found in the least expected of places, allowing oenophiles to sample grapes from such atypical places as Scandinavia and Siberia.The main reason for this change is global warming, which is not only challenging farmers in Europe's traditional wine regions to seek ways to make their harvest more heat and drought-resistant, but is meanwhile also moving the Arctic tree line farther north in general.In other words, people are increasingly using previously barren land to try their luck at agriculture, including the cultivation of grapes. The United Nations has even predicted that viticulture as a whole in the Northern Hemisphere might move an average of up to 111 miles (180 kilometers) farther north compared to where grapes are growing now. If this trend continues, it could spell financial ruin to long-established wine businesses, while presently less likely areas could economically benefit from diversifying into the wine market.And indeed, this trend is already manifesting in places like southern England, Sweden and Canada, where vineyards are popping up, winemakers are trying new varietals and methods and the traditional wine industry is beginning to notice some steep competition. Old wine in new bottlesWhile wine growers in places like southern France, the Iberian Peninsula or even in South Africa are nervously biting their nails while trying to adapt to a climate-changed future — for instance by planting more resistant grape varietals or using slopes they had not previously considered to provide a suitable terroir for growing grapes — newcomers in the wine business elsewhere are slowly perfecting the growing of vines in previously ignored and neglected regions. Areas that previously were at best an afterthought are suddenly beginning to make waves.There's even an annual wine award for ""Cool Climate Wines"" established by the Polish Czas Wina wine magazine in 2004. While there are hardly any truly Nordic nations among their 2019 winners' list, the competition does feature bottles from less likely wine regions such as Romania, Poland, the Czech Republic and several German wines. In the US, wines from northern states like Minnesota or South Dakota are beginning to draw the attention away from the American wine staple of Napa Valley.Even in Germany, where traditional wine regions like the Moselle and the Ahr valley have a long-standing tradition for white wine, red grapes are also being introduced into the mix. Meanwhile, new vineyards keep springing up in unexpected and positively northern parts of the country as well, such as the North Frisian island of Föhr, which borders Denmark, or in the Uckermark region, 100 kilometers (62 miles) northeast of Berlin. And even Scandinavian nations and Russia look as if they're on track to swap their vodkas for Viognier. That's climate change in a bottle.Learn more about some of the northernmost wines of the world by clicking through the gallery above."
944	5	Lord Stern, the world’s most authoritative climate economist, is calling on rich countries to do everything they can to help poorer nations weather the storm of global warming – warning that a failure would escalate poverty, migration and conflict.In an interview with The Independent ahead of the United Nations climate change summit in Paris, Lord Stern said the conference represented a crucial opportunity to reduce the huge inequality at the heart of global warming.The huge resentment among poor countries over how they are suffering could potentially scupper a global agreement to tackle it, he explained.“Equality is a big issue. The rich got rich on high-carbon growth and it’s the poor people of the world – whether they be poor people in rich countries or poor people in poor countries – who suffer earliest and most,” Lord Stein said.The negotiations in Paris will largely concentrate on how much money the rich nations pay to the poorer ones to help them adapt to the effects of global warming – such as increased hurricanes and droughts – and to help finance the transition from fossil fuels to green energy.The issue is fraught as developed nations with financial problems of their own baulk at channelling hundreds of billions of pounds into developing countries – which, in turn, worry that the amounts involved, though huge, are not nearly enough.Lord Stern was speaking as new research underlined how extraordinarily expensive global warming will be for developing countries – and how much less it would cost if the world redoubled its efforts to curb it. The report, commissioned by Oxfam, found that global warming is on course to cost developing countries $2.5 trillion dollars (£1.65 trillion) a year by 2050.Read our full mailing list consent terms hereRead our full mailing list consent terms hereThe costs relate to the huge price of adapting infrastructure to deal with a warming planet and the losses this will inflict on developing economies, for anything from extreme weather damage to disease and lost agricultural production.The report, carried out by research group Climate Analytics, factors in recent pledges made by more than 160 countries regarding 2030 targets to reduce carbon emissions – which experts estimate will limit global warming to be-tween 2.7C and 3C. But the UN has set a target of 2C because anything beyond that becomes increasingly devastating.The Oxfam report finds that the cost to the developing world of dealing with 2C warming is huge. The extra 1C increases their cost of adaptation by about $270bn a year by 2050 and deals a further $600bn of annual economic losses.“We are seeing encouraging progress towards a climate deal but settling for what we have so far would spell disaster for the world’s poorest people,” said Oxfam GB’s chief executive, Mark Goldring. “One degree’s difference might seem negligible but it’s a multi-billion dollar nightmare for the world’s poorest countries.”World Bank Group president Jim Yong Kim said parts of Africa were among those areas most in need of financial help. “Sub-Saharan Africa is highly vulnerable to climate shocks that could have far-ranging impact on everything from child stunting and malaria to food price increases,” he said.Children are disproportionately at risk from global warming, with more than half a billion living in areas of high flood risk and 160 million in drought-prone regions, according to Unicef, the children’s charity. “The sheer numbers underline the urgency of acting now,” said Unicef executive director Anthony Lake.Lord Stern urged world leaders to tackle these global warming inequalities at the UN conference, which begins on November 30.“[Paris] is in large measure about showing the rich world is serious about its promises. It is important. It’s got to show that it’s on the way [to providing $100bn of finance a year by 2020] and that it is likely to continue to be on the way,” Lord Stern said.“The defining challenges of this century are overcoming poverty and managing climate change: if we fail on one we fail on the other. Clearly if we fail to manage climate change we create an environment so hostile that development will be undermined – leading to hundreds of millions having to move because their environment has been devastated.“It’s very important to see the ravages of climate change as likely to move people on a very big scale. Unmanaged climate change is likely to produce strong movement of people and great conflict, the reasons for which could not easily be switched off,” Lord Stern said.
625	1	"Global warming is now a religion and facts don't matter, according to Sky News host Andrew Bolt.Mr Bolt said that instead of the truth, seemingly what now matters are people “wanting to seem more passionate, idealistic and holier than though” on the issue of climate change. He continued to reference Swedish activist Greta Thunberg saying that it is this very reason why “a depressed 16-year-old is the messiah of global warming”.  Global warming is “a movement that attracts the haters and the mini totalitarians,"" he said. Mr Bolt made the point that ultimately, what green activists want are “laws to control you, [laws] to control the economy. ""Some will say, we want you to stop eating meat, and we want you to stop flying so much, and we want you to turn off the street lights, and we want you to close coal-fired electricity,” he said. ""Bully, bully, bully."" Image: News Corp Australia "
308	3	"Watch: New Zealand kids talk about climate change. Credits: Video: Newshub  Image: Supplied.Federated Farmers has launched a petition calling for a new Ministry of Education teaching resource on climate change to be withdrawn while amendments are made. The resource, which is to be introduced this year, presents data and information from scientific bodies including the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, NIWA and Government departments like Statistics NZ and the Ministry for the Environment.Education Minister Chris Hipkins launched the optional teaching aid in January, saying it ""teaches the role science plays in understanding climate change, aids understanding of both the response to it and its impacts - globally, nationally and locally - and explores opportunities to contribute to reducing and adapting to its impact on everyday life"".""Climate Change - prepare today, live well tomorrow"", includes video, text and guidance, and was trialed at New Brighton School in Christchurch in 2018.The Ministry of Education has made the new resource, for students in years 7-10, available to teachers on the Te Kete Ipurangi (TKI) website.However it has come under fire from farming industry groups who are unhappy about aspects of the resource,  in particular its messages about eating less meat and dairy.The Federated Farmers petition says the resource, in its current form, was not appropriate for use by teachers in classrooms.It calls on it to be removed and amended.""Sign this petition to demand that then  ""Climate Change: Prepare today, live well tomorrow"" to be removed from the TKI website (and any other distribution forms) until such as time as it has been reviewed and amended to ensure completeness, accuracy, and relevance to the NZ context,"" it said.Climate Change Minister James Shaw earlier said the resource addresses an issue which was a cause of worry for many  New Zealand children.""They see the simple fact that every year they have been alive has been one of the hottest on record and they expect us to act. "
847	5	"Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com.The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) announced two initiatives on Thursday to advance climate change resilience.The initiatives are the formation of a Climate Adaptation Enterprise Steering Group and a robust stakeholder engagement process established to help develop the agency’s 2022–2026 Strategic Plan. In a release, the agency said that the actions were critical first steps in its efforts to address the crisis. ""Climate change is the crisis of this generation. Combating it requires mitigating future risks and reducing impacts,"" FEMA Administrator Deanne Criswell said in a statement. ""In partnership with federal science agencies, we are analyzing how climate change will increase the frequency and severity across all hazards and what next steps are necessary to protect communities nationwide. FEMA is also advancing sustainability through our facilities, operations and programs, including lowering emissions and promoting nature-based solutions.""According to FEMA, the Climate Adaption Steering Group is focused on developing a unified agency approach to address the impacts of climate change across all agency programs and operations. The group will be co-chaired by leadership from FEMA’s Office of Response and Recovery, Office of Resilience and FEMA Regions. FEMA's 2022–2026 Strategic Plan is also being developed through input from both internal and external stakeholders."
427	5	"Temperature data for 2016 shows it is likely to have edged ahead of 2015 as the world's warmest year.Data from Nasa and the UK Met Office shows temperatures were about 0.07 degrees Celsius above the 2015 mark.Although the Met Office increase was within the margin of error, Nasa says that 2016 was the third year in a row to break the record.The El NiÃ±o weather phenomenon played a role, say scientists, but the main factor was human emissions of CO2.The latest conclusions won't come as a much of a shock to observers, as the likely outcome was trailed heavily towards the end of last year. Animation: Climate change explained in six graphicsWhat is climate change?So warm was the early part of 2016 - influenced by a powerful El NiÃ±o - that some leading climate scientists were predicting as early as May that a new record was probable.During an El NiÃ±o, a band of unusually warm ocean water develops in parts of the Pacific. The phenomenon affects the climate globally, disrupting weather patterns.According to Nasa figures, 2016 is now the warmest year in a record that dates back to 1880. ""2015 has been the warmest year on record up until now, so 2016 has just beaten that and and it's beaten that by about 0.1-0.12 of a degree Celsius, which doesn't seem like a lot, but in terms of the year-to-year variations it's actually huge,"" Dr Gavin Schmidt from Nasa told BBC News. ""This is a very clear record that we're seeing. It is driven mainly by changes in the tropical Pacific where we had an El NiÃ±o event that produced a lot of warmth. But we've also seen long-term trends in warming mostly due to the increasing greenhouse gases.""Another factor that has affected temperatures in 2016 is the unusual warmth in the Arctic. The sea-ice covering the Arctic reached its second lowest level (in terms of extent) in September 2016. The sea-ice grows in autumn and winter and shrinks each spring and summer.While the sea-ice extent last year didn't break the record, the mercury stayed high and the smaller amount of ice now present in the region is at unprecedented levels for the time of year. A number of meteorological agencies from around the world all released their figures on Wednesday. They all suggest that warming in 2016 was a record that had an important contribution from El NiÃ±o. The Met Office says it contributed about 0.2C to the annual average for 2016. However, researchers believe that while this is substantial, it is not the whole story.""We understand the contribution El NiÃ±o makes fairly well and we've seen it many times,"" said Prof Ellie Highwood from the University of Reading.""But even if you take that contribution away, we would expect 2015 and 2016 to still be the warmest years we've seen, so a majority of it is coming from global warming and the greenhouse effect.""The World Meteorological Organization (WMO), which pulls together temperature data from a number of sources, agrees that 2016 broke the record by 0.07C. Not all of the reports on temperature data in 2016 are clear that the warmest-year record has been broken. The Met Office says that 2016 was 0.77 above the long-term rate, but with a plus or minus error margin of 0.1C, meaning that last year was at the very least, one of the two warmest years on record. ""The final figures confirm that 2016 was yet another extremely warm year,"" said Peter Stott from the Met Office. ""The temperature for last year was very close to the year before, temperatures for 2016 exceeding those for 2015 by a small margin.""Regardless of the small margins, when the new data on 2016 is included, 15 of the warmest 16 years on record have now occurred since 2001. According to Noaa (the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration), the only year from the 20th Century to break into the top 16 is 1998, and which ranks seventh warmest. This prolonged period of warming was having significant impacts around the world. ""We have also broken sea-ice minimum records in the Arctic and Antarctic,"" said Petteri Taalas from the WMO.""The Arctic is warming twice as fast as the global average. The persistent loss of sea-ice is driving weather, climate and ocean circulation patterns in other parts of the world. We also have to pay attention to the potential release of methane from melting permafrost,"" he said.Of great concern to scientists and politicians is the fact that the newly published temperature data shows the Earth is once again more than one degree warmer than pre-industrial times, and edging closer to the threshold of 1.5C set under the Paris climate pact. With the Trump administration about to take office in the US, there are concerns that political support for climate action might fade. This would be a big mistake according to scientists. ""Climate change is one of the great challenges of the 21st Century and shows no signs of slowing down,"" said Prof Mark Maslin, from University College London.""The decarbonisation of the global economy is the ultimate goal to prevent the worst effects of climate change. The hottest year on record is such a clear warning siren that even President-elect Trump cannot ignore it.""Researchers say that 2017 is unlikely to break the warming record but will be in the top five hottest years. "
263	2	Our best hope may be the weather.For a long time, many people thought that it was a mistake to use the weather as evidence of climate change. Weather patterns contain a lot of randomness. Even as the earth warms and extreme weather becomes more common, some years are colder and calmer than others. If you argue that climate change is causing some weather trend, a climate denier may respond by making grand claims about a recent snowfall. And yet the weather still has one big advantage over every other argument about the urgency of climate change: We experience the weather. We see it and feel it.It is not a complex data series in an academic study or government report. It’s not a measurement of sea level or ice depth in a place you’ve never been. It’s right in front of you. And although weather patterns do have a lot of randomness, they are indeed changing. That’s the thing about climate change: It changes the climate.I wanted to write my last column of 2018 about the climate as a kind of plea: Amid everything else going on, don’t lose sight of the most important story of the year.I know there was a lot of competition for that title, including some more obvious contenders, like President Trump and Robert Mueller. But nothing else measures up to the rising toll and enormous dangers of climate change. I worry that our children and grandchildren will one day ask us, bitterly, why we spent so much time distracted by lesser matters.The story of climate change in 2018 was complicated — overwhelmingly bad, yet with two reasons for hope. The bad and the good were connected, too: Thanks to the changing weather, more Americans seem to be waking up to the problem.I’ll start with the alarming parts of the story. The past year is on pace to be the earth’s fourth warmest on record, and the five warmest years have all occurred since 2010. This warming is now starting to cause a lot of damage. In 2018, heat waves killed people in Montreal, Karachi, Tokyo and elsewhere. Extreme rain battered North Carolina and the Indian state of Kerala. The Horn of Africa suffered from drought. Large swaths of the American West burned. When I was in Portland, Ore., this summer, the air quality — from nearby wildfires — was among the worst in the world. It would have been healthier to be breathing outdoors in Beijing or Mumbai.From year to year, the number of serious hurricanes fluctuates. But the last few decades show a clear and disturbing trend.5Annual Category 4 and Category 5 Atlantic hurricanes4Number each year320-yearmovingaverage21019501960197019801990200020105Annual Category 4 and Category 5 Atlantic hurricanes4Number each year20-yearmovingaverage3210’50’60’70’80’90’00’10By The New York Times | Source: National Hurricane Center; data on hurricanes is considered most reliable since geostationary satellites began tracking them in the 1970s.Amid all of this destruction, Trump’s climate agenda consists of making the problem worse. His administration is filled with former corporate lobbyists, and they have been changing federal policy to make it easier for companies to pollute. These officials like to talk about free enterprise and scientific uncertainty, but their real motive is usually money. Sometimes, they don’t even wait to return to industry jobs. Both Scott Pruitt and Ryan Zinke, two now-departed pro-pollution cabinet secretaries, engaged in on-the-job corruption.I often want to ask these officials: Deep down, do you really believe that future generations of your own family will be immune from climate change’s damage? Or have you chosen not to think very much about them?As for the two main reasons for hope: The first is that the Trump administration is an outlier. Most major governments are trying to slow climate change. So are many states in this country, as well as some big companies and nonprofit groups. This global coalition is the reason that the recent climate summit in Poland “yielded much more,” as Nat Keohane of the Environmental Defense Fund said, “than many of us had thought might be possible.”The second reason for hope is public opinion. No, it isn’t changing nearly as rapidly as I wish. Yet it is changing, and the weather seems to be a factor. The growing number of extreme events — wildfires, storms, floods and so on — are hard to ignore.Only 40 percent of Americans called the quality of environment “good” or “excellent” in a Gallup Poll this year, the lowest level in almost a decade. And 61 percent said the environment was getting worse. In an NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll, 66 percent of Americans said they wanted to see action to combat climate change. Some polls even suggest that Republican voters are becoming anxious about the situation.The politics of climate change remains devilishly hard, especially because so many people around the world feel frustrated about their living standards. France’s “gilet jaune” protests, after all, were sparked by a proposed energy tax. Compared with day-to-day life, the effects of climate change have long felt distant, almost theoretical.But now those effects are becoming real, and they are terrifying. To anyone who worries about making a case for climate action based on the weather, I would simply ask: Do you have a better idea?Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram, and sign up for the Opinion Today newsletter.
363	3	"An expert is concerned home buyers are disregarding the threat of rising sea levels as demand for properties on the coast surges.  A survey by Quotable Value (QV) of property consultants and valuers found nearly all of them named coastal areas in their region as the places most likely to go up in value in 2021.  But QV general manager David Nagel is warning Kiwis to be more aware of the risks before they make a purchase. “Do your due diligence. Don’t just adopt that classic Kiwi ‘she’ll be right’ mentality – actually look very carefully at the risks,” he said. READ MORE: * Housing market 'insane' for buyers, but realtor says 'job is to get the best price' * Just how safe from the rising sea level are our beach houses? * First home buyers in Christchurch keen despite Covid-19 economic downturn  “One of the biggest being the ability for coastal homeowners to get access to full insurance cover in the future."" Belinda Storey for the Deep South National Science Challenge found in December that sea levels are predicted to rise by at least 10 centimetres in the next 20 years. This is expected to increase the frequency and severity of coastal flooding in New Zealand, and could lead to more than 10,000 homes becoming uninsurable by 2050. Nagel said it was unlikely a mainstream bank would lend funds to purchase coastal properties without insurance.  “That could significantly reduce the pool of buyers capable of purchasing coastal property and therefore could cause prices to drop drastically,” he said. “If we take heed of the warnings from the insurance council and the major insurers, it is just a matter of time before the landscape changes, literally!” A Whangarei bach requiring a “major job” to bring it up to date sold for about $5.5 million in December. Ray White agent Ross Hawkins said that over the Covid-19 pandemic he had observed an increase in interest in properties on the coast. “People are starting to migrate towards coastal properties outside the congested cities because of what is happening in the world,” he said. “This won't be the last virus that hits the planet and people are setting themselves up for the future with space and isolation.” Nagel said coastal property remained amongst the “hottest of hot commodities” and he did not expect this to change. “We Kiwis love the ocean. We want to be in it, on it and near it – especially this time of year,” he said. “But it seems we have failed to heed the warnings for far too long now and I still don’t think the message is getting through to most people yet. The sea level will rise and the odds of more extreme weather events are set to rise alongside it.”"
54	3	The Clean Power Plan is in bad shape, but the planet might not be.On Tuesday, the Supreme Court did something without precedent. It temporarily stopped the Obama administration’s Clean Power Plan, a set of electricity-industry regulations that serve as the centerpiece of the White House’s climate-change strategy.Technically, the Supreme Court “stayed” the rules, meaning the Environmental Protection Agency cannot enforce them until the justices themselves decide their legality. The high court has never before issued a stay on a set of regulations before their initial review by a federal appeals court.And all through this week, the White House and its domestic allies have been rushing to assure everyone: Don’t worry about this. The court’s move barely even affects the national context—and it’s not going to metastasize much further than that. “In the last couple of days, I’ve heard people say, ‘The Supreme Court struck down the clean power plant rule.’ That’s not true, so don’t despair people,” said Obama at a Democratic fundraiser Thursday, according to The Washington Post. “This a legal decision that says, ‘Hold on until we review the legality.’ We are very firm in terms of the legal footing here.”Major environmental groups struck a similarly sanguine tone, saying there was no way the ruling would affect the Paris Agreement, the first global treaty to fight climate change that negotiators finalized late last year. “Legal experts are confident that the courts will uphold the Clean Power Plan,” said David Waskow, the international climate director at the World Resources Institute, in a statement. “The U.S. administration has been crystal clear about its ongoing support for the Paris Agreement and commitment to achieve its 2025 climate targets.”That might be overstating the case. Some advocates had hoped that even before the Clean Power Plan kicked in in 2022, it would shape how energy markets worked. The EPA could regulate, the story went, through the power of positive thinking. Some of this is still true: Renewable energy will keep getting cheaper, and U.S. coal companies are doomed no matter what.But the Court’s stay diminishes that effect, at least in the short term. November’s presidential election will now either ratify or ruin Obama’s fight to mitigate climate change. No remaining Republican candidate for president supports imposing federal limits on greenhouse-gas emissions. If the GOP takes the White House, it could drop the case, and use its control of the executive and legislative branch to help fossil fuel companies by offering subsidies.But if Democrats manage to retain the presidency, and a future administration defends the deal, then a significant chunk of Obama’s climate legacy will be left to the Supreme Court to decide. Should climate-concerned people really still trust the Clean Power Plan will all work out then? And if Obama’s EPA regulations die, will the global accord on climate that he fought for perish too?* * *Not everyone is zen about the Supreme Court’s stay. Seth Jaffe, the former president of the American College of Environmental Lawyers, had predicted in December the Court would not stay the regulation. When it did, earlier this week, he took it as a sign of doom. The Clean Power Plan “is on very shaky ground at this point,” he wrote.“One has to conclude that five justices have decided that the rule must go,” he said. The terms of the stay are so extraordinary, so unusual, that it means something is up.“I hope [the advocates of the regulation] win, but my neutral-objective-advice side says this is a hard one for them,” he told me on Thursday. “The advocates can talk all they want about how they have deference, and the Supreme Court has given deference to the EPA in the past. But this really is a big rule that is largely unprecedented.”Deference is the idea that the courts should give federal agencies some leeway in executing their regulatory duties. In the last 30 years, deference has been applied to labor law and net neutrality, but it takes its name from a 1984 case about the Clean Air Act—the same piece of legislation that the EPA is using today.What’s legally controversial with the Clean Power Plan is its two-step approach. First, the plan sets regulatory limits on the amount of carbon dioxide that state electricity plants can emit. Second, it establishes a set of incentives and regulations—it calls them “building blocks”—to entice state utilities to switch away from coal-fire power generation toward natural gas, nuclear power, and renewables.The first step of those two steps—the one that explicitly concerns carbon dioxide—accounts for less than a quarter of the plan’s estimated emissions reductions. The second step clears out all the rest, millions and millions of tons of prevented carbon dioxide. It’s this second step, and those second-order effects, that opponents allege the EPA doesn’t have the authority to set in motion.The Clean Power Plan draws its legal authority from Section 111 of the Clean Air Act. Recently, a climate-focused legal team at Columbia University proposed that a different part of the law could let the EPA set up new regulations if the Clean Power Plan falls. This section lets the EPA regulate air pollutants if it works with other countries, something that—ka-ching!—it’s doing through the Paris Agreement. Jaffe isn’t so sure about this technique, since the Paris Agreement isn’t legally binding. * * *Three large American environmental groups said that, at least in the short term, the stay was unlikely to doom the Paris Agreement. (In a post on Wednesday, I worried that it would.)“I think the big picture here is that all countries have their own national circumstances that they have to address as they fashion their own response to climate change. And no country’s political and legal issues are as well understood as the United States,” said John Coequyt, the director of federal and international climate campaigns at the Sierra Club.Alden Meyer, the director of strategy and policy at the Union of Concerned Scientists, said he had been talking to climate negotiators around the world and “there seems to be general understanding that this a procedural ruling.”“There’s a little bit of nervousness that we’re seeing a repeat of the Kyoto Protocol, where the world accommodated U.S. concerns and then saw it not implement it,” said Meyer. But he said other countries were expressing “a general willingness to wait and see how this plays out in the month to come.”He added that other nations wanted the United States to affirm the Paris Agreement by signing it on Earth Day, April 22.Even if the Clean Power Plan falls, there’s some signs that America may make its 2025 emissions target anyway. The Sierra Club believes its own efforts, specifically its super successful Beyond Coal program, will allow the U.S. to comply with its Paris Agreement pledge regardless of what the EPA does. Thanks to the Beyond Coal campaign, “about a third of U.S. coal plans are retired or scheduled for retirement,” Coequyt said. The Obama administration is also pressing down on emissions by regulating other greenhouse-gas sources, such as airplanes, landfills, and natural-gas harvesters. The EPA has also tightened its national ambient-air-quality standards, which will make running coal plants even more expensive and utilities less likely to build them. And in December, Congress extended a pre-existing tax credits for renewable energy companies to 2020.“U.S. emissions are declining,” Coequyt told me. “The main factors driving that change have been things other than the Clean Power Plan up until now. If things had not been going well, and the story was the U.S. is going to turn things around with the Clean Power Plan, this would be a big deal.”But local advocacy, air-pollution rules, and cheap natural gas means that it isn’t. Many utilities plan to move forward on natural-gas and clean-energy plans no matter what happens. And Obama’s policies remain popular: Back in November, two-thirds of Americans and a “bare majority of Republicans” said they supported regulating carbon-dioxide emissions through domestic policy, according to a poll from The New York Times and CBS. So the positive trends on climate change will largely continue—unless, that is, a Republican wins the White House and moves to reverse them.
156	0	"        Climate change trashed the Byzantine Empire, ancient garbage mounds revealed. (Shutterstock)About a century before the fall of the Byzantine Empire — the eastern portion of the vast Roman Empire — signs of its impending doom were written in garbage.Archaeologists recently investigated accumulated refuse in trash mounds at a Byzantine settlement called Elusa in Israel's Negev Desert . They found that the age of the trash introduced an intriguing new timeline for the Byzantine decline, scientists reported in a new study. [The Holy Land: 7 Amazing Archaeological Finds]The researchers discovered that trash disposal — once a well-organized and reliable service in outpost cities like Elusa — ceased around the middle of the sixth century, about 100 years prior to the empire's collapse. At that time, a climate event known as the Late Antique Little Ice Age was taking hold in the Northern Hemisphere, and an epidemic known as the Justinian plague raged through the Roman Empire, eventually killing over 100 million people .Together, disease and climate change took a devastating economic toll and loosened Rome's grip on its lands to the east a century earlier than once thought, according to the study.Elusa was already partly excavated, but the new investigation was the first to explore the site's long-ignored trash heaps, lead study author Guy Bar-Oz, a professor of archaeology at the University of Haifa in Israel, told Live Science in an email.Unlike the architecture of an ancient city, which could be repeatedly destroyed and rebuilt, landfills steadily accumulated over time, creating continuous records of human activity. Clues found in preserved garbage dumps could thereby reveal if a city was thriving or in trouble.""For me, it was clear that the true gold mine of data about daily life and what urban existence in the past really looked like was in the garbage,"" Bar-Oz said.In the dump sites, the scientists found a variety of objects: ceramic pot sherds, seeds, olive pits, charcoal from burned wood and even evidence of discarded ""gourmet foods"" imported from the Red Sea and the Nile, the study authors reported.The scientists carbon-dated organic material such as seeds and charcoal in layers of trash mounds located near the city. They found that trash had built up in that location over a period of about 150 years and that the accumulation terminated in the middle of the sixth century. This suggested there was a failure of infrastructure, which happens when a city is about to collapse, the researchers noted.Based on the new evidence, researchers concluded that Elusa's decline began at least a century before Islamic rule wrested control of the region from the Romans. In fact, Elusa was struggling during a period that was relatively peaceful and stable; it was during this time that the Roman Emperor Justinian was expanding the empire's boundaries across Europe, Africa and Asia, Bar-Oz said.With the empire enjoying ""a period of glorious success,"" it would seem logical to expect that its outposts would be financially secure, Bar-Oz said. Yet the data the researchers collected suggested the opposite.""Instead, we are seeing a signal for what was really going on at that time and which has long been nearly invisible to most archaeologists — that the empire was being plagued by climatic disaster and disease,"" Bar-Oz explained.The findings were published online today (March 25) in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.Originally published on  Live Science."
938	3	Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com.Republican Senators in Oregon walked out of the State Capitol on Monday to prevent a vote on a bill aimed at stemming climate change, a similar action taken by GOP lawmakers last year that was followed by threats of having the state police forcibly returning them.The walkout prompted Democratic Gov. Kate Brown to accuse the Republican lawmakers of “being against the Democratic process.” Democrats maintain a majority in both chambers of the state Legislative Assembly.“If they don’t like a bill, then they need to show up and change it or show up and vote no. They should make their voices heard rather than shut down state government,” she said at a news conference.      Gov. Kate Brown of Oregon denounces a walkout by Republicans in the state Senate that prevented a quorum on Monday in Salem, Ore. Republican lawmakers are trying to doom a contentious climate change bill. Brown said the Republicans are not against the climate policy but are against the Democratic process. (AP Photo/Andrew Selsky)      Large trucks supporting the GOP lawmakers drove around the state Capitol in Salem blowing their horns. The bill is intended to lower greenhouse gas emissions, a major contributor to climate change.It calls for the state to reduce emissions to at least 45 percent below 1990 emissions levels by 2035 and by least 80 percent by 2050.The bill would force big greenhouse gas emitters to obtain credits for each metric ton of carbon dioxide they emit. Opponents say fossil fuel companies will wind up offloading increased costs to customers. A proposal by Republicans to put the matter before voters in November failed Monday before it was sent to the Senate for a floor vote.“Just give them the right to vote,” Republican state Sen. Fred Girod said.      In this Feb. 6, 2020 file photo, demonstrators protest against a cap-and-trade bill aimed at stemming global warming protest at the Oregon State Capitol in Salem. Republican lawmakers on Monda boycotted the Oregon Senate in an effort to deny Democrats a quorum and doom a contentious climate change bill. (AP Photo/Andrew Selsky)      After the rejection, only 19 senators -- all Democrats -- remained on the floor, one shy of the minimum to proceed.Monday's walkout was a repeat of last year when state GOP lawmakers refused to participate to implement a cap-and-trade program. Senate President Peter Courtney said he wouldn't involved the authorities this time.
688	4	"Lytton hit 49.6 degrees Celsius (121.3 degrees Fahrenheit), astounding for the town of just 250 people nestled in the mountains, where June maximum temperatures are usually around 25 degrees. This past week, however, its nights have been hotter than its days usually are, in a region where air conditioning is rare and homes are designed to retain heat. Now fires have turned much of Lytton to ash and forced its people, as well as hundreds around them, to flee. Scientists have warned for decades that climate change will make heat waves more frequent and more intense. That is a reality now playing out in Canada, but also in many other parts of the Northern Hemisphere that are increasingly becoming uninhabitable. Roads melted last week in America's Northwest, and residents in New York City were told not to use high-energy appliances, like washers and dryers — and painfully, even their air conditioners — for the sake of the power grid.  In Russia, Moscow reported its highest-ever June temperature of 34.8 degrees on June 23, and Siberian farmers are scrambling to save their crops from dying in an ongoing heat wave. Even in the Arctic Circle, temperatures soared into the 30s. The World Meteorological Organization is seeking to verify the highest-ever temperature north of the Arctic Circle since records there began, after a weather station in Siberia's Verkhoyansk recorded a 38-degree day on June 20. In India, tens of millions of people in the northwest were affected by heat waves. The Indian Meteorological Department on Wednesday classified the capital, New Delhi, and cities in its surrounds as experiencing ""severe extreme heat,"" with temperatures staying consistently in the 40s, more than 7 degrees higher than usual, it said. The heat, along with a late monsoon, is also making life difficult for farmers in areas like the state of Rajasthan.And in Iraq, authorities announced a public holiday across several provinces for Thursday, including the capital Baghdad, because it was simply too hot to work or study, after temperatures surpassed 50 degrees and its electricity system collapsed.Experts who spoke with CNN said it was difficult to pinpoint exactly how linked these weather events are, but it's unlikely a coincidence that heat waves are hitting several parts of the Northern Hemisphere at the same time.""The high pressure systems we're seeing in Canada and the United States, all of these systems are driven by something called the jet stream — a band of very strong winds that sits way above our heads, at about 30,000 feet where the planes fly around,"" Liz Bentley, chief executive at the UK's Royal Meteorological Society, told CNN.Bentley explained the configuration of the jet stream is preventing weather systems from moving efficiently along their normal west-to-east path.""That jet stream has become wavy, and it's got stuck in what we call an Omega block, because it's got the shape of the Greek letter Omega, and when it gets in that, it doesn't move anywhere, it blocks it,"" Bentley said. ""So the high pressure that's been building just gets stuck for days or weeks on end, and these Omegas appear in different parts of the Northern Hemisphere.""In the US, the same thing happened in mid-June in the Southwest, breaking records in Mexico and places like Phoenix in Arizona. A couple weeks later, a dome of high pressure built over the Northwest, toppling records in Washington, Oregon and southwest Canada.""So we've seen these unprecedented temperatures — records being broken not just by a few degrees, being absolutely smashed,"" Bentley said.Scientist says this could happen every year by 2100There is a growing acceptance among some political leaders that climate change is a driving force behind fueling many extreme weather events, particularly for heat waves and storms. ""Climate change is driving the dangerous confluence of extreme heat and prolonged drought,"" US President Joe Biden said Wednesday. ""We're seeing wildfires of greater intensity that move with more speed and last well beyond traditional months, traditional months of the fire season."" Scientists are working on sophisticated tools that can rapidly assess just how much climate change may have contributed to a particular weather event. ""We carried out a quick attribution study to get some fast answers to 'What is the role of climate change?'"" said UK Met Office meteorologist, Nikos Christidis, who has been developing simulations to carry out such analysis. ""We found that without human influence, it would be almost impossible to hit a new record and such a hot June in the region,"" he said, referring to an area including those affected in Canada and the US. Christidis said in the past, without human-caused climate change, extreme heat in the northwest US or southwest Canada would have occurred ""once every tens of thousands of years."" Presently, it can occur every 15 years or so, Christidis said. And if greenhouse gas emissions continue? Christidis said as often as every year or two by the turn of the century. Several countries, including the US, United Kingdom and those in the European Union, recently increased their commitments — some by a long way — but many scientists and activists say they still don't go far enough to keep global average temperatures within 1.5C above pre-industrial levels. World leaders pledged in the 2015 Paris Agreement to aim for this limit to stave off the more most catastrophic impacts of climate change. Climate groups have also urged Canada to increase its commitments and wean itself off oil and gas.""This is literally the deadliest weather on record for the US Pacific Northwest and far southwest Canada region. The losses and the despair as a result of the extreme heat and devastating fires in Canada are a reminder of what's yet come as this climate crisis intensifies,"" said Eddy Pérez, Climate Action Network Canada's manager for international climate diplomacy.""Canada is experiencing historic climate-induced losses and damages while at the same time not doing its fair share to combat dangerous climate change. As an oil and gas producer, Canada is still considering the expansion of fossil fuels which is directly attributed to the global temperature rise."""
420	0	If I thought food waste was complicated before Covid-19 emerged, now it blows my mind. I started to research a version of this article in January – those carefree days when people worried about supermarkets overstocking, not the disappearance of pasta and flour. Even then, the picture was hazy, but it was much clearer than it is now.Until lockdown, most of us were accustomed to any-time, any-place food shopping. Remember when you could eat in all sorts of places? Food was available everywhere, for those with means – and we ate everywhere, too: leaning against a wall with a box of slow-cooked pork from a street-food market; sharing popcorn at the cinema or chips at the pub. They say you’re never more than 6ft from a rat in Britain’s towns and cities, but we were also never much farther from a snack. Then, in an instant, it was gone. Nationally, we shopped for far more food than we needed: pre-lockdown data showed that 50-70% of all the food wasted in the UK came from our own kitchens – 6.6m tonnes, worth £500 per household each year. The figures were absurd: 800,000 apples and 4.4m potatoes thrown in the bin every day; a sixth of all the milk we bought went down the sink.Not now. With queues to get in, masks and that slow-motion trolley dance we all do to keep the mandated distance, the supermarket is no longer such a tempting place. Confronted with the obvious – that food is finite – we now regard it as a much more precious commodity. Recent research by Hubbub, a UK sustainability charity, says 57% of us value food more than we did pre-coronavirus.My kids, husband and I fell ill a week before lockdown. In total, we did four weeks in isolation, just as the shelves were emptying. We never went without (thanks to our beloved neighbours) but if you don’t know when you’ll be able to get more yoghurt, you eat all the yoghurt you have. Now, we shop as infrequently as possible, doing big, fortnightly shops as well as ordering from local butchers and greengrocers, mirroring shopping patterns more like my mum’s, nearly 40 years ago. (Much of my current life mimics my childhood: I don’t recall eating a ready-made sandwich until my late teens, meals out were for birthdays and the family ate together.)Most of us shop less often now and use more of what we buy: new data from Wrap, a charity that aims to reduce waste, shows a 34% reduction in wasted potatoes, bread, chicken and milk at home; it also shows that people are actively trying to waste less – making meals with what they have, batching, using leftovers, planning menus before shopping. Many family meals are now driven by what we need to use up: wrinkled peppers roasted or grilled, the potatoes my children reject at night mixed with mayo and chives next day.It’s too soon to know if we’re actually throwing less in the bin, as those numbers are arrived at more slowly, from measuring waste in individual households and via council collections. So I decided to run my own, admittedly small-scale, survey. I recruited 20 or so households from all over the UK and asked them to weigh their total food waste (edible and inedible). Before coronavirus, national statistics showed we ate less at home (16.8 meals a week, on average), but threw out about 1.9kg of food waste per person every week – of which more than 60% is thought to be avoidable. According to the results of my mini survey, although we cook and eat almost all 21 weekly meals at home now, we chuck out an average of 1.57kg a week – a significant reduction.Exactly what goes into the bin remains a mystery – every respondent was at pains to tell me it was almost all bones, shells, peelings and coffee grounds. But if this anecdotal reduction in waste applies more widely, it would represent a more rapid shift in behaviour than anything achieved by more than 10 years of national food waste campaigns. It’s wild extrapolation, but if my findings were replicated countrywide, it would mean the household food wasted annually could be as little as 4.36m tonnes – 2.3m tonnes less than last year. The UK has committed to halving food waste by 2030 – has coronavirus made that a possibility?***Globally, food waste accounts for about 8% of all greenhouse gas emissions, which is almost equivalent to road transport; if food waste was a country, its emissions would be beaten only by the US and China. “Household waste is half the problem,” Tessa Clarke, who founded Olio, a neighbour-to-neighbour food-sharing app, tells me. “But if you flip that on its head, we can be half the solution. That’s an empowering message: here’s something really simple you could do, starting right now, in your home.”Clarke co-founded Olio after trying and failing to give away unwanted food before a house move. “Whenever people think about food waste, they think about businesses. That could not be more wrong,” she says. She is frustrated that much of the attention – media and government – in recent years has been on food waste from supermarkets and the grocery sector. “All the focus has gone on 2% of the problem. We have not been looking at the home and at the other end, the 20-30% at the farm gate.”Two per cent is still a lot of food, though: at least 300,000 tonnes in retail and wholesale, perhaps more, as most data collected is given voluntarily. Supermarkets and their suppliers divert some unsold food that is about to go out of date, or food that can’t be sold (damaged cereal boxes, squashed blocks of cheese, chocolate Santas in January). They work with charities such as FareShare, which has been redistributing surplus since 1994, and FoodCloud, launched in 2013, which lets shops alert food banks, hostels or breakfast clubs that collect unsold or surplus food.Even so, only about 6% of supermarket surplus – 17,500 tonnes a year – was, prior to the coronavirus outbreak, redistributed to people. (A further 23,000 tonnes was gleaned from manufacturing by companies such as Rejuce, which makes juice; Rubies in the Rubble, which make sauces and chutneys; and Toast Ale, which turns some of the 24m slices of bread thrown away daily into beer.)When the hospitality industry shut down, many people assumed farmers and producers could simply sell their food through shops. But hyper-efficient, inflexible supermarket systems are not built to absorb excess food from elsewhere. And if you usually produce 30cm square catering packs of sticky toffee pudding, it is very hard to change all the packaging, let alone set that pudding in front of a retail buyer.While some companies have switched to supplying local shops, or delivery or takeaway, other producers have found themselves hemmed in by differing standards. Chefs, for example, often care much less about the cosmetic appearance or specific weight of fruit and vegetables than retailers, who require a degree of uniformity. Other produce just can’t be sold in other ways: most fish and chip shops closed during lockdown; now, social distancing means they are serving fewer people. Combined with restaurant closures, this left the UK with about 95,000 tonnes of chipping potatoes in growers’ stores at the end of June, just as the 2020 crop was ready for harvest. Growers will store them as long as possible, but some will end up as animal feed or being sent to anaerobic digestion, to be turned into energy.We don’t know how much produce is wasted on farms, whether due to wonkiness, gluts or supermarket orders changed at the last minute: Wrap, the waste prevention charity, estimated last year that 3.6m tonnes of edible food is lost on British farms. There is clearly enough – and probably too much – food in the system, but it doesn’t always get to where it’s needed.Meanwhile, food redistribution charities have ramped up their output in response to accelerating demand. Fareshare usually delivers enough food to make 1m meals a week through its network of charities, but is now delivering enough for 2m. In the first week of lockdown, the charity saw a short-lived crash in its normal supermarket fresh food surpluses, but was almost overwhelmed by catering industry donations – a 1,500% increase on last April.Now, Fareshare is helping thousands of charities access long-life, non-surplus products to go in food parcels for newly economically vulnerable people. Iain Linsdell is headteacher at Poplar Street Primary in Audenshaw, in the Greater Manchester area, where, even before coronavirus, an estimated 620,000 people were at risk of going hungry. “Without FareShare, there would be hunger and hardship on a scale that we have probably never experienced,” he says. “Instead of families and kids coming to us, we’re going out to them.”Another waste-food redistribution charity, City Harvest, has doubled its usual output, using kitchens loaned by Crystal Palace football club, the Savoy hotel, the Mayfair private members’ club Annabel’s and Wimbledon’s All England Lawn Tennis Club to create 1.4m meals since lockdown, in greater London alone. Chef Lauren Everet cooks at the Soup Kitchen on Tottenham Court Road, which is supplied by City Harvest. “We’ve seen the young, 18-21-year-olds, and many pension-age guests. We’ve seen people who obviously haven’t been sleeping rough very long, and some who look as if they’re on the cusp of homelessness. We had 161 people in recently, which was a new record for us, but we fed them all. There is a small percentage of people who are what we call ‘food poor’: they may afford accommodation, but cannot afford bills, transport and food. We’ve given them a food parcel to take home that lasts a week to 10 days.”The government’s loud support for what these charities do – including £5m extra for redistribution, from the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) – raises an awkward question. The government says it’s fighting food waste, but isn’t it just enabling the existing surplus food to be better dealt with, rather than actively reducing it? Could it even be an advantage for the government to have thousands of tonnes of free food sloshing around, available to feed vulnerable people, rather than providing a more generous social safety net? Almost no legislation exists to either force or enable households, farmers or businesses to waste less food, at present.Ben Elliot is the government’s food waste champion, an unpaid advisory role. The philanthropist and luxury concierge company co-founder was appointed in December 2018, to “drive forward the government’s plans to cut food waste” – which must be tricky, given that UK food policy is managed by an extraordinary 16 different government departments. Will there be more legislation in future, I ask him? He tells me he will “push to legislate for real change that will ensure good food does not go unused”, but it’s hard to imagine when that might happen. The possibility of compulsory food waste reporting in the food industry was raised by Elliot in mid-2019 – but the consultations have not been completed. Following on from Elliot’s response to my questions, a Defra spokesman emailed to emphasise the department’s commitment to “addressing the underlying causes of food waste”.***Tristram Stuart has been a food waste campaigner for more than a decade and is currently collecting tonnes of 1kg catering packs of everything from hummus to tofu direct from producers, for the food waste charities Feedback and Food for All, which is cooking 5,000 meals a day. But why should on-the-brink hummus suppliers be filling the gap?“Redistribution should never be regarded as the solution to poverty or hunger, and it certainly isn’t a viable solution to food waste,” Stuart says. “At best, redistribution organisations are sticking plasters with big notices on them saying, ‘We need to restructure the food system.’”Fareshare’s big hope is that it is allowed to extend a pilot scheme with government funding, and fast. At the moment, unknowable quantities of farm waste are repurposed as animal feed, composted or sent to anaerobic digestion (for which tax incentives are available – but not for getting the same food to a school breakfast club). A small amount is collected by gleaning charities such as Waste Knot, which sends volunteers to rescue produce from farmers such as Peter Ascroft, who grows beetroot and cauliflower on 400 acres in Lancashire. “We supply beetroot to the catering industry,” he says. “We had a good crop this year. We’ve probably lost 100 tonnes of beetroot [in sales], which to us is significant.” Some of his unusual candied and yellow beetroot was gleaned, but most was simply ploughed back into the soil, representing a heartbreaking return on his work. Chefs love speciality beetroot, but it is of little interest to most supermarkets. Fareshare’s pilot saved 3,000 tonnes of farm produce, and more money from Defra would let it pay farmers to harvest, process, package and transport surplus crops. “This year looks set to be a once-in-a-generation growing season,” says Lindsay Boswell, chief executive of Fareshare. “Inevitably there will be more surplus. For some, healthy fruit and veg is an unaffordable luxury – funding would help get it on to the plates of vulnerable people.”The lack of migrant labour this year to pick strawberries and cut broccoli may tangle things still further. Defra has set up a website and campaign, Pick For Britain, to recruit British workers, but more than half the jobs available remain unfilled and farmers worry that potential pickers will slowly return to their usual work and won’t want to commit to the length of time needed. As Ascroft says: “Are you going to come and cut cauliflowers all day, in Lancashire, in the rain?”It’s not just veg. From 6 to 20 April, a million litres of milk had to be poured away, says Peter Alvis, chairman of the Royal Association of British Dairy Farmers. The closure of restaurants and coffee shops meant milk suddenly had nowhere to go. In the following weeks, dairy farmers and processors managed to reroute most of it into shops, or process it as milk powder or fats. “I don’t believe we are currently throwing milk away,” Alvis says. “But farmers have taken a hit by lowering production.”Food waste apps are trying to prevent specialist dairy losses – Too Good To Go is helping the Cornish Cheese Company sell off 10 tonnes of surplus Cornish blue cheese in consumer-friendly 1kg pieces – and Alvis is pushing Defra to help sheep, goat and buffalo milk producers, the people who make goat curd or burrata for chefs. “They are in a much worse position because their markets have disappeared,” he says. “Some are trying to diversify, some are seeing 100% income losses.”Could this lead to mass livestock culls, of the sort already seen in the US? “The government is working to avoid that,” Alvis says. “It depends on what support we can get to them.”Why not just put all the excess in warehouse-sized freezers? “Cold storage in the UK is full,” says Shane Brennan, chief executive of the Cold Chain Federation industry body. “No one is taking on new business. The peak was in April when we had things backing up like frozen vegetables and meat, especially the expensive cuts that normally go into restaurants. Fast-food restaurants opening up drive-throughs means frozen meat and potatoes will begin to move, but we don’t know what demand will be like because you can’t serve as many people.”Lack of storage is why Mim Skinner is finding high-end, long-life, in-date salami in the surplus donated to her food redistribution charity REfUSE, in Chester-le-Street. Usually, she runs a cafe and catering business using surplus food donated by businesses, and the charity is the regional food redistributor for a big online supermarket. “Our staples are usually milk and bread. Now we are getting high levels of luxury products – manchego, mozzarella and parmesan – and only a few tins of beans. This morning we got 300 pheasant breasts meant for restaurants,” she says.In the last few weeks, Skinner has taken in 8kg of novello olives, 23 wheels of brie and 30kg of charcuterie, much of which would normally have gone to pizza restaurants. Just after Easter she rehomed 2,000 chocolate eggs, some of which were distributed whole, others melted for cooking. There’s no sign of things slowing, either: “We’ve had an email from a restaurant that has gone under, offering the contents of two cold rooms – all the frozen meat, fish, chips and wrap breads.”REfUSE makes 200 hot meals a day for people who can’t afford fuel to cook with or who are living in hostels with few facilities, as well as delivering around 320 food parcels a week. The need is huge, she says. “It’s been really hard to see. We arrive at a house with a delivery and a little kid will run out shouting, ‘Mummy! Food!’”How has the pandemic changed our relationship with food? Christian Reynolds, a lecturer in food policy at City, University of London, has just carried out a study of university students’ eating habits nationwide, and describes the findings as stark. “More than we were expecting had food security issues and, among those, people were eating more ultra-processed foods because they were comfort eating, or that was the only food they could find in the first weeks of lockdown. There were other groups who were cooking brilliantly and reducing food waste.”Does Reynolds think we are on the cusp of a cultural shift? “That’s such a tough one,” he says. “Covid-19 is a massive social disruption. Previous generations have gone through similar things – rationing, for instance, completely changed the British relationship with food, cooking and diet. We each have our own story taking place in our own households, and the end results will very much depend on our situations before and during lockdown.”But for Reynolds, the bigger picture is – just about – hopeful. “We need to halve household waste food waste by 2030. The UK is on that trajectory and there are lots of tools out there to help.”As for the restaurant industry, the future is uncertain. On the one hand, many a Michelin-starred dining room is already set up for social distancing, with tables placed well apart. On the other, might dropping hundreds of pounds on a single meal feel horribly decadent even to those few for whom it’s possible? Even as social distancing rules are relaxed, how many of us will feel ready to brave a dining room? How joyful will a meal out be if we are served by masked and gloved staff? How hard will stocking and staffing restaurants be, as owners navigate uncertain demand? Ordering via an app, once a novelty, will surely become normal (and may help the industry bounce back: apparently we order more when no one’s looking, and are more likely to order things we can’t pronounce).Will we see short, economical menus, or will everyone dive straight back in? Cornwall-based Michelin-starred chef Paul Ainsworth announced he had taken more 3,000 bookings in the two days after the prime minister announced restaurants were set to reopen. But while many aim to open in the next few days, others have chosen to wait; some have said they won’t reopen at all.Tim Siadatan is a chef who co-owns two Italian restaurants, Trullo and Padella, in north London. “I can’t wait to go and sit outside my favourite restaurant and have a long lunch – the moment I can, I’m going,” he says, smiling. “But there will be loads of people who don’t. People will have limited funds and others will be concerned about losing their jobs.”He, too, is hopeful, though. “Supermarkets did an amazing job in the early days, but as lockdown moved on and wholesalers and farmers started to figure out e-commerce, a lot of people realised we don’t need to rely on supermarkets for everything. In the UK we are blessed to be able to get things delivered to the door and that’s gone up tenfold, if not more. And those suppliers have such tight margins that they just don’t waste anything.” The 4m tonne question is: will these changes stick now the worst of lockdown is over? Will my husband carry on making bread when he’s back at work full time? Will my fridge still be full of tubs of leftover tuna and cheese rinds to melt into sauces? Will we remember the lessons of these strange days, or fall back on old habits at the first opportunity? For me, this has been a profound and, I suspect, life-changing experience. But ask me in a year – when I hope you’ll find me in a crowd, leaning on a wall, eating slow-cooked pork out of a box.
523	0	"Derek Cheng is a political reporter for the New Zealand HeraldCOMMENTThere are hands-off ministers and hands-on ministers.Judging by the border bungle and the failure to test people in managed isolation when they should have been tested, David Clark appeared to be the former.The first question that arose when those failures came to light was: Why wasn't the minister demanding daily updates to ensure it was happening?Chris Hipkins has been Health Minister for less than a week and already appears to have plastered his hands all over his new ministry.The ministry's information isn't good enough. The testing levels aren't good enough.That was the clear message at his first solo press conference in the Beehive Theatrette as Health Minister today.READ MORE:• Premium - Covid 19 coronavirus: Derek Cheng - Just when you thought the Opposition had become irrelevant• Premium - Covid 19 coronavirus: Derek Cheng - The Covid data problem hindering Jacinda Ardern's big call on Monday• Covid 19 coronavirus: The gagging order from Jacinda Ardern's office - cynical, arrogant and unnecessary• Premium - Covid 19 coronavirus: Derek Cheng - The Government's polished rhetoric versus the raw realityThis already gives the impression - deliberate or otherwise - of greater transparency.For months the messaging from the Government has been more or less monopolised by PM Jacinda Ardern and health chief Ashley Bloomfield.There are clear advantages to this, such as a clarity of message from two people who the public trust. Doing what they told us - and believing what they told us - was clearly important as the country tried to eliminate Covid-19.But there were gaps between the rhetoric and reality.We were told the level of testing and the criteria were fine back in March. They weren't.We were told self-isolation was working when the police checks to ensure compliance weren't happening.We were assured about contact-tracing when the Health Ministry was furiously scrambling to build capacity from a woeful starting point.We were told that personal protective equipment issues were being resolved, but kept in the dark about the extent of the problems that were later revealed by the Auditor-General.Hipkins could have told us there was nothing unusual in the lower testing rates and there was nothing to worry about.Instead he shared public health advice that there should be 4000 tests in the community to ensure confidence that there was no community transmission.This is rather important. A drop off in testing throws doubt on the elimination status of Covid-19, even if all our cases remain in isolation and there are no positive tests in the community.Only once since June 27 has the number of tests been over 4000. There were only about 1100 tests yesterday, discounting the tests at quarantine and managed isolation facilities.That could be because of testing criteria - which was changed on June 25 - the disease definition, or the practice of clinicians.Cabinet signed off on the surveillance testing plan last week, so why isn't it happening?Hipkins didn't give hollow assurances. He said he had made the Government's expectations clear, there was ""absolute urgency"", he had had a stern word with health officials this morning and would grill them again on Thursday.He expected testing to increase within days.Furthermore, he said people had become complacent and he pleaded to the public to use the Covid Tracer app.Usually the ministry releases the cumulative number of scanned QR codes, which sheds no light on how many times they're scanned each day.The ministry, for the first time today, released the daily average of scans - and it's less than 10,000, or 0.2 per cent of the population if - and this is a big ""if"" - everyone is only scanning one QR code a day.Hipkins has also demanded more meaningful testing data. The numbers need to be broken down into daily tests in quarantine or managed isolation facilities, testing of workers at the border, and testing in the wider community.It defies belief that the ministry wasn't already doing this. It has been asked for repeatedly by Otago University public health experts. For months.Hipkins was, of course, generous to Clark when asked if he was cleaning up the mess he was left with.He said diplomatically that he is bringing a ""fresh set of eyes"", and that the PM and Clark had both asked about the low testing numbers last week.But they didn't tell us that.As Health Minister, Clark should have been front and centre of the Covid response and a national celebrity, given New Zealand's success.Instead celebrity status fell upon Bloomfield, and Clark's fate was sealed when he appeared to dump on New Zealand's Covid hero as Bloomfield stood dejectedly in the background.The public outcry was in many ways unfair. Bloomfield had already accepted the blame for the border failures, and Clark didn't say anything that day that he hadn't been saying for the previous week.He may have indeed been an effective behind-the-scenes minister who, as the PM has said repeatedly, played a crucial role in the Covid response.But he appeared to be hands-off. He was based in Dunedin during the heights of the crisis. In stand-ups with media, he never left reporters with the impression that he was across every nook and cranny of the health response, or that he was demanding information to ensure every ""t"" was being crossed.In one press conference, Hipkins has already given a very different impression. He answers coherently, competently, and doesn't shy away from any questions.He is bringing a different set of standards. The fact he has immediately asked for change speaks volumes as to how hands-on he plans to be."
754	4	Climate change lobbyists are warning Auckland Council it could face legal action if its decisions on reducing greenhouse gas emissions fall short of promises made. The message came from Lawyers for Climate Action during a presentation to the council’s planning committee on Thursday. Auckland Council has made bold commitments to halve emissions by 2030 and for the city to be net carbon neutral by 2050, but is making a tentative start to rolling out its own initiatives. “We don’t want to sue people, it’s time-consuming, and expensive and disruptive – but we are very committed to seeing this country achieve its climate goals,” Jenny Cooper QC told councillors. READ MORE: * Transforming transport for climate is key to reducing emissions in Auckland * Auckland's congestion and climate solution is simple: Drive and pollute less * Auckland's public transport fare rises contradict its climate action goals  The presentation was made by members of the All Aboard coalition, Paul Winton of 1point5.org.nz, David Robertson from Generation Zero, and Cooper from Lawyers for Climate Action. Cooper said an early legal test of whether councillors are meeting their legal obligations to act could come when Auckland’s draft Regional Land Transport Plan (RLTP) is released. The RLTP is the $31 billion, 10-year plan work programme involving local and government-run projects, involving NZTA Waka Kotahi and the Ministry of Transport, and signed off by council agency Auckland Transport. Another coalition member, Paul Winton, told councillors they had done well to set bold goals, but the RLTP needs to deliver. “We expect the RLTP to be entirely consistent [with emission reduction goals] otherwise someone is not listening – the failure of council to follow its own policies is something that would be open to the courts,” Winton said. In its own Ten Year Budget, Auckland Council has proposed spending $150 million over the next decade on mostly in-house climate action. It will seek public views on the ideas from late February. Councillors have favoured the smaller of two climate action options, going for one that would cost an average residential ratepayer $21 a year – but achieve only half the carbon reduction of a $44 option. The budget proposals acknowledge “much more will need to be done to [meet the council commitment] to halve carbon emissions by 2030 and achieve net zero carbon emissions by 2050.” Coalition members have given similar presentations to decision-makers such as Auckland Transport’s board of directors, urging a significant change in the direction of spending. Robertson said official estimates were that the current path of transport project spending will produce annual rises in emission levels, rather than falls. “Reducing vehicle travel must be the benchmark for every transport and housing decision, such as pricing car parking accordingly,” he told councillors. Analysis done by Winton and then reviewed by consultants MR Cagney found even after all the planned major transport projects had been finished in Auckland, the impact on carbon emissions would be small. Winton told councillors the bigger shifts could be achieved without necessarily high cost. “We have to transfer 25 per cent of existing roads, tarmac and concrete across to active transport and public transport – we have to shift the narrative,” he said. “We need to stop doing what we are doing, and do it differently.” Councillor Josephine Bartley bristled at what she described as “anger coming through” at what the council had done, and said councillors already get hate for doing things such as removing car parks. Winton said research his group had done showed most New Zealanders want climate action, and to ignore loud critics. “There’s a relatively small minority – 14 per cent – who don’t believe climate change is a thing. They are the loudest voices on this topic,” he said. “Ignore them, they are loud they will continue to be loud, and you just have to move forward.”
397	4	Pacific leaders have complained that their message on global warming and the climate crisis the world faces had been “watered down” at Australia’s insistence during an annual regional forum in Tuvalu.The declaration, issued early on Friday, came a day after a final round of talks at the Pacific Island Forum in Funafuti, attended by Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison, New Zealand counterpart Jacinda Ardern and leaders from the group’s 16 other member states.The statement – which fell short of a more ambitious communique endorsed by many Pacific states earlier this week – referred to a climate crisis and reiterated previous warnings that global warming is the most serious threat facing the Pacific. “The time to act is now,” the statement said.But there was no direct mention of ending coal-fired power, while calls to limit temperature rises to 1.5C and achieve zero net carbon emissions by 2050 were couched as suggestions rather than demands.“We came together in a nation that risks disappearing to the seas, but unfortunately, we settled for the status quo in our communique,” Fiji Prime Minister Frank Bainimarama tweeted.“Watered-down climate language has real consequences like water-logged homes, schools, communities, and ancestral burial grounds,” he added.A number of other regional leaders – many of whose island nations are threatened by rising seas – talked tough throughout the summit and criticised Australia’s lack of action on the “existential threat” of global warming.Their aim had been to issue a compelling global call to action from nations on the front line of climate change ahead of UN talks scheduled to be held in New York next month.Tuvalu Prime Minister Enele Sopoaga conceded that the climate statement released after 12 hours of tense negotiations fell short of some participants’ expectations.“There were serious arguments and even shouting, crying, people, leaders were shedding tears,” Sopoaga told Australia’s national broadcaster ABC after the summit broke up.“I think we can say we should’ve done more work for our people,” he told reporters, adding that Morrison was behind the final wording of the communique. The text used terms different from those proposed by small island nations in regards to emissions reduction, funding for the United Nations’ Green Climate Fund and coal use.“We expressed very strongly during our exchange, between me and Scott. I said: ‘You are concerned about saving your economy in Australia… I am concerned about saving my people in Tuvalu’,” Sopoaga said.On Friday, the Guardian newspaper reported that the forum’s talks had almost broke down twice amid “fierce” clashes between Morrison and Sopoaga over Australia’s “red lines” on climate change.Citing comments made by Vanuatu’s Foreign Minister Ralph Regenvanu, the report said there was “heated discussion over the Australian delegation’s insistence on the removal of references to coal, setting a target of limiting global warming to below 1.5C and announcing a strategy for zero emissions by 2050”.Morrison, who has long championed Australia’s lucrative coal industry, defended the country’s efforts to fight climate change and said he held “very respectful” conversations with other leaders.“I understand the deep sensitivity to these issues, particularly where we’re standing. And I showed respect towards that in my engagements … we showed up, we’re stepping up, and it’s getting on,” said Morrison.The Australian leader has conceded climate change is real but argued it can be managed in a way that does not hurt the economy.He also denied differences with fellow regional leaders over climate would damage Australia’s “Pacific step-up”, a push to restore Canberra’ leadership credentials amid China’s growing influence in the region.Australia, the largest and wealthiest Pacific Island Forum member, fears that Beijing’s long-term plan is to establish a military base in the Pacific.But Samoa’s Prime Minister Tuilaepa Malielegaoi said this week that Pacific leaders would not turn away a generous aid donor.“Their enemies [Australia and its allies] are not our enemies,” he said.Activists, meanwhile, called on Australia to show greater leadership in a bid to avert catastrophic climate change in the region.“At all levels in the Pacific, we are being hit by this crisis and we really need everyone in the region, particularly our larger partners like Australia, to be pushing ahead to do the right thing,” Joseph Moeono-Kolio, Greenpeace International’s head for the Pacific region, told Al Jazeera.“It means that many of our communities are having to decide whether to stay in their ancestral homes or … leave forever,” Moeono-Kolio said.“It’s very much existential, a lot of people will talk about climate change as a far-off thing that might happen but in the Pacific, it’s our daily reality now.”
546	5	Fifty years ago, the Stanford Research Institute (SRI) delivered a report titled Sources, Abundance, and Fate of Gaseous Atmospheric Polluters to the American Petroleum Institute (API), a trade association for the fossil fuel industry.The report, unearthed by researchers at the Center for International Environmental Law, is one of the earliest attempts by the industry to grapple with the impacts of rising CO2 levels, which Stanford’s researchers warned if left unabated “could bring about climatic changes” like temperature increases, melting of ice caps and sea level rise. The year was 1968, and the term “global warming” would not appear in a peer-reviewed academic journal until 1975. Famed Nasa scientist James Hansen would not testify before Congress that “global warming has begun” for another 20 years. And the US would not enter into – only to later pull out of – the Paris climate accord for nearly half a century.The anniversary of SRI’s report to the API on climate change represents not just a damning piece of evidence of what the fossil fuel industry knew and when, but a signal of all that we have lost over the decades of policy inaction and interference. It should also serve as a potent motivator in the fight for climate accountability and justice.At the time, CO2 levels in the atmosphere stood about 323ppm. The planet was warming but was still well within the historical norm. Sea levels had risen by about 4in compared with 1880 levels. The report, however, cautioned that “man is now engaged in a vast geophysical experiment with his environment, the Earth” and that “significant temperature changes are almost certain to occur by the year 2000”.Those predictions proved to be correct: by the turn of the century, the concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere had risen to 369ppm, causing a temperature increase of nearly half a degree over pre-industrial averages. Today, virtually all climate scientists agree there is little or no chance the world can stay within the goal of 1.5C, the limit of what scientists believe to be safe.With each decade of delay and denial the impacts and costs of climate change have continued to mountOver the next 20 years, the scientific community and policymakers around the world began to reach a consensus on the threat posed by rising CO2 levels. Scientists at least one major oil company, Exxon, did their own climate modeling, which agreed with the scientific consensus. During this period a budding movement to cut emissions began.To counter and slow down that effort to address climate change, the fossil fuel industry began its long and powerful strategy of climate denial and obstructionism. Even though they knew the science, they also realized that attempts to control emissions could seriously damage their bottom lines.In 1998, as the first global attempt to rein in climate pollution, the Kyoto protocol, was headed to the Senate for ratification, API circulated what has come to be known as the Victory Memo, a detailed road map to undermining science and promoting denial of climate change. According to API’s top strategists: “Victory will be achieved when: those promoting the Kyoto treaty on the basis of extant science appear to be out of touch with reality.”The memo’s end goal was clear: create doubt about science where none existed, deceive the media and Congress about the risks of climate change, and block the momentum that was building to address rising emissions through the Kyoto protocol, a precursor to the Paris accord. ExxonMobil alone would go on to spend upwards of $30m on ads, front groups, and pseudoscience intended to carry out the plan. That’s in addition to the cash that flooded the coffers of climate deniers in Congress who are rewarded amply for willful ignorance.API’s strategic deception campaign was a success, which is why we now stand at the brink of the highest global temperature considered safe. Just what it will mean to cross that line remains an ongoing question for atmospheric scientists, but we’ve already started to get a glimpse and it doesn’t look good.The damage is all around us, from hurricanes on steroids – scientists attribute 15-40% (8in-24in) of the epic rain of Hurricane Harvey to climate change – to California’s deadly wildfires which were set up by five years of drought, followed by record snowfall, then record heat that turned huge areas of the state into tinderboxes. In 2017 there were 16 separate billion-dollar disasters in the US, resulting in a total of $306bn of damages, nearly $100bn more than the second highest year 2005 (Katrina). While technically climate change did not “cause” these disasters, most of the carnage was aggravated in some way by climate change and the fossil fuel emissions that cause it in the first place.Other impacts are more long-term and irreparable. Anyone born after 1985 has never experienced a month with average temperatures that fall below the historical norm and, without action, probably never will. Mass coral bleaching events due to warming waters and ocean acidification have rendered large swaths of some of the ocean’s most diverse ecosystems lifeless. The vanishing Arctic ice cap appears already to be affecting global weather patterns, and the loss of ice in Antarctica may have reached a tipping point that many now view as irreversible, a development that will require tough and costly decisions for coastal cities.It never had to be this way. But with each decade of delay and denial the impacts and costs of climate change have continued to mount. Now taxpayers are left holding the bill for a literal rising tide of impacts that pose the greatest challenge humanity has ever faced. Meeting that challenge must begin with accountability on the part of climate polluters, and justice for citizens who did nothing to cause the problem other than drive to work and heat their homes when they had no other alternatives.We can’t turn back the clock, but we can turn off the fossil fuel firehose that’s been pumping CO2 into our atmosphere and demand that those who left it running help foot the bill for the cleanup. Already we’ve seen cities like New York, San Francisco, and other coastal cities file lawsuits against climate polluters, seeking to recover costs associated with planning for and adapting to a warming world. With massive costs facing hundreds more cities and no remedy in sight, more litigation will follow.Making up for 50 years of delay and denial will not be easy, nor will it be cheap. But taxpayers should not have to shoulder the burden alone. The API and its climate polluters knowingly and deliberately caused this mess. They must help pay to clean it up.
886	5	"Can we afford the changes climate change is forcing upon us? Paul Gorman surveys the options in a world where money is no object. Imagine an unlimited pot of money for New Zealand to spend on battling climate change over the next few decades. What would we spend it on? Who would decide the priorities?  READ MORE: * Brutal climate-change challenges will put an end to 'magical thinking' * National Portrait: Bronwyn Hayward - Accidental Activist * Climate change report a wake-up call for NZ farming * An unusual coalition appears in pricing farming emissions  A FANTASY WORLD Presented with this thought experiment, some experts bristle at the very suggestion. A dream world of unlimited dollars does not provide useful conclusions because it will simply solve all the problems, which is a total fantasy, they say. ""If we had infinite, unlimited resources, then there's no problem at all,"" says the New Zealand Initiative's chief economist, Dr Eric Crampton. ""There is existing technology that can scrub carbon dioxide from the atmosphere for about $100 a tonne. So if we had infinite money, we could build a pile of those plants and just suck the CO2 out of the atmosphere. Problem solved."" Victoria University of Wellington's Professor James Renwick, head of the school of geography, environment and earth sciences, also considers the limitless funding proposal a ""curious question"". ""Given unlimited money, pretty much everything is possible,"" he says. ""Make the whole vehicle fleet electric and build enough renewable plant – solar and wind – to make New Zealand 100 per cent or more renewable for electricity, so we are generating more electricity from renewables than the current total capacity of the system. I assume we'll need more, if all transport is going to be electric. ""Ramp up public transport in cities, and between towns and cities, so a fully electric rail system covers the country with frequent trips between major centres, and have frequent reliable renewably-powered bus and light-rail systems in all major centres. And invest in diversification of agriculture to bring in new crops and move away from dairy. ""With unlimited resources, all that's needed is the time to bring in the new infrastructure. Sorted!"" Greenpeace Aotearoa New Zealand executive director Dr Russel Norman says: ""It makes it sound like it's a huge expense, when it's not, and it makes it sound like an optional extra, when it's just what we have to do in order to be able to do everything else. ""And here's the paradox: we're actually spending a fortune to destroy the planet right now. It's costing us as New Zealand taxpayers billions of dollars a year to destroy the planet. If we stopped subsidising environmental destruction, that would be the first step. ""[Those who make] half of our emissions currently pay zero per cent of the costs. One hundred per cent of the ETS cost of agricultural biological emissions is paid for by taxpayers. We are subsiding the pollution. ""It's expensive to destroy the planet."" ELECTRIC EVERYTHING Christchurch city councillor and Sustento Institute director Raf Manji says if money were no object, the first thing would be to make big changes to New Zealand's transport system. ""If we electrified our transport system, one, we would reduce emissions, two, we would reduce our import bill for fossil fuels, and yes we will be externalising some of those environmental costs in terms of some of the kit we might need but that's fine, we should be paying for that. ""I grew up on the Tube, went to school on the Tube. For us from England, you might think, if you want to go from Auckland to Hamilton 'I'll get the train down'. And everyone says, 'there isn't a train', and you go, 'what, why isn't there?'. And that's one of the joys of living somewhere like Europe is you get on a train and go anywhere, you go to India, you get on a train and go anywhere, China, the same. ""Why don't we have a proper rail system between our major centres? It would take a lot of traffic off the road and you also enable people to live and commute. You could do the same from Christchurch to Timaru, even as far north as Amberley. ""I mean the train tracks are already there, interest rates are low and now is the time to make these long-term infrastructure investments. It will generate new jobs and drive innovation and technological development."" Environment Canterbury (ECan) candidate Felicity Price also takes up the public transport funding baton. ""ECan declared a climate emergency and then just weeks later raised bus fares, especially for children. How is that saving on emissions? ""It's a serious loss of credibility if ECan councillors don't walk the talk and put their words into actions. All decisions from the date of declaring a climate emergency have to be framed by that decision. ""It's all very well to have fully electric buses by 2030, but if they aren't being used they're not going to save on emissions at all."" EVEN MONEY CAN'T SAVE US University of Auckland sociologist Associate Professor Steve Matthewman says even unlimited money would not guarantee that New Zealand takes perhaps the most important actions – to build resilience, reduce vulnerability and act collectively to better deal with the future. ""Climate change presents a threat unlike any other. It is not merely a wicked problem but a 'superwicked' problem. ""By that we mean one in which the time to act is running out, those who cause the problem are also trying to provide the solution, the central authority required to tackle the problem is weak or absent, and, consequently, the policy responses tend to be dismissive of the future. ""Normally the focus here is on physical 'lifeline' infrastructure. Sociologists would argue that we need to pay more attention to building social infrastructure. This will increase resilience, social capital and social cohesion. ""Public parks, mixed social housing and libraries all work well. ""I'd also be a bad sociologist if I didn't note the differential impacts of climate change – it always hits the poor hardest. ""So another sociological solution to vulnerability is resource distribution. You can do redistribution through progressive tax and transfers and pre-distribution, which is limiting the money that gets into individuals' hands – such as the living wage, limiting executive pay levels and closing tax loopholes."" Redistribution should help with climate change and the over-consumption of Western countries, Matthewman says. ""Compare the carbon footprint of a New Zealander to a Somalian. The countries that are the biggest creators of climate change, the wealthy ones, will not be the biggest sufferers of its effects, which are the poorer ones. ""The vaguer point is that disasters are always patterned, and the poor always get hit hardest. More resources means more ability to cope with whatever comes."" New Zealand also needs to think carefully about its place in the world. ""We have much to learn – and gain – from Māori. ""Environmental management looks completely different when the words 'resource' or 'natural capital' and 'stakeholders' are replaced by words like taonga and kaitiaki. ""Think of the difference that is made by shifting beyond the language of commodification and individual ownership to collective models that stress relationships between all things animate and inanimate."" THE COST OF EVERYTHING University of Canterbury political scientist Associate Professor Bronwyn Hayward says there isn't any getting around the fact climate change adaptation and mitigation will be expensive. ""But it will be far less expensive than leaving these tasks until later – and to those who say, 'but the cost of our mitigation is excessive compared to our impact', I would simply say that, in the future, countries and businesses and cities that are not seen to be doing their part are going to face all kinds of very significant trade, consumer and insurance backlashes. ​""Due diligence now requires leaders who are prepared to undertake real cuts to emissions and make real preparations to protect people. ""We need to rethink how we account for money spent and this is a very deep change, far beyond redistributing tax dollars."" Crampton says neither the government nor anyone else really knows any company's or industry's cost of mitigating greenhouse gas emissions. ""The government might have guesses about whether it makes the most sense to reduce emissions in transport or in agriculture or in industrial heating, but it just can't really know. Getting a common price for CO2 equivalents across all sectors, comprehensively, is the only way to be sure we're doing the most good we can do."" It is cheaper to reduce emissions in some countries than others, he says. ""What makes most sense will depend a lot on what other countries are doing too. When countries do not co-ordinate, it is easy to wind up in scenarios where greenhouse gas mitigation in one country results in greater global emissions, because production shifts to places where production involves more emissions."" Crampton believes New Zealand's ETS needs to be strengthened to put a price on greenhouse gas emissions ""that allows people to adapt in the ways that make most sense, given their own particular circumstances""."
722	5	More than half of people say climate change is such an important issue it will influence how they vote in the next general election, new research suggests. Almost two-thirds (63 per cent) of people believe politicians are not discussing the issue of climate change enough in the run up to the next national vote, the poll for environmental lawyers ClientEarth found.Against a backdrop of protests by Extinction Rebellion and school strikers calling for urgent efforts to tackle rising temperatures, seven in 10 people think the climate emergency demands swifter action.Some 58 per cent say the government is not doing enough on the issue, and there is also pressure on investors, with three in five (59 per cent) believing financial institutions and banks should no longer invest in fossil fuels. The top priorities people had for the government to limit further climate change were planting trees, making homes more energy-efficient and investing more into renewable energy, according to the poll of more than 2,000 people. People were supportive of bringing forward the 2050 deadline to cut UK greenhouse gases to net zero, and of a “green new deal” or “green industrial revolution” with large-scale, long-term investment in eco-friendly jobs and infrastructure.Many would like to see their pension funds and financial institutions actively support the transition to a sustainable economy and to consider the climate impacts of the companies they invest in.Read our full mailing list consent terms hereRead our full mailing list consent terms hereAnd 55 per cent expect their own pension and other investment funds to avoid fossil fuel projects that contribute to global warming.ClientEarth finance lawyer Joanne Etherton said: “Too many banks, pension funds and insurers are propping up fossil fuel giants. The way the financial world responds to the climate crisis will be make or break for the health of our planet.“People have clearly shown their appetite for action to tackle climate change and it’s now over to financial institutions to respond.”Two-thirds of people thought fossil fuel companies should help pay for the billions of pounds in damages from extreme weather events caused by climate change.And more than half think the UK is already experiencing the impacts of climate change including more extreme weather, hotter and longer heatwaves, sea level rises and storm surges, increased flooding, air pollution and species extinction.A majority also think climate change is also causing political instability in the UK.The government should also do more to drive the use of low-emission vehicles such as electric cars, according to 61 per cent of those quizzed.ClientEarth lawyer Jonathan Church said: “From the student strikes to Extinction Rebellion, people across the UK are demanding greater action to address the climate crisis.“Importantly these demands appear strong enough to make a difference at the next election, with more than half of adults saying that climate change will impact how they cast their vote.”Additional reporting by PA
486	0	"An MP has called for a ""system change"" after she was stopped by police while travelling in a car in east London. Former shadow equalities minister Dawn Butler accused the Met Police of racial profiling after the stop on Sunday.Labour MP Ms Butler told BBC Breakfast she had agreed to meet local police commanders to discuss ""taking the bias out of the system"".The Met said the stop was a mistake caused by an officer incorrectly entering the car's registration number.Ms Butler said it had been 20 years since the Macpherson Report into the murder of Stephen Lawrence, which described the Met Police as ""institutionally racist"".""It's about time we changed the system so it works for everyone and it's effective,"" she said.The MP said institutional racism was ""not about saying every single police officer is racist"".""If you see black people in a car and you automatically assume that they are criminals there is a problem there,"" she said.""That's why you have to address the system that is currently biased against black people."" Prime Minister Boris Johnson said the police should treat people with ""fairness and equality"".He said: ""The police have made a statement saying that they made a mistake.""They have spoken to the occupants of the car but it's obviously very, very important that the Met continue to do everything that they can - as indeed they do - to show that they are serving every part of our country, every part of our community, with fairness and equality."" Ms Butler said the BMW that was stopped on Sunday was being driven by a black male friend and it was pulled over by two police cars.She said officers said the car was registered in North Yorkshire and took the keys while checking the registration.They then admitted there had been a mistake, that it was registered to the driver and apologised, she said.Ms Butler told the BBC: ""I still don't know why they punched the number plate into the system. ""I don't know what raised their suspicion. All I know is I'm black, my friend was black and he has a fairly decent car.""In a statement, the Met said ""one of the occupants"" had been contacted by a senior officer and they had discussed ""subsequent interaction as well as feedback regarding the stop"".It added: ""We would welcome the opportunity to discuss this matter further with the occupants if they wish to do so.""The force's statement did not explain why the car registration was entered in the first place.Met Police Federation chairman Ken Marsh said checking car registrations was a ""normal routine piece of work"" for officers.He told the BBC he was ""very disappointed"" Ms Butler had posted the video of her stop.Mr Marsh said: ""You would have thought someone in the situation she is in would try and diffuse a situation rather than cause such an absolute furore.""His colleagues had ""acted professionally throughout"" and admitted their mistake, he added.The Police Federation - the organisation that represents police officers across Wales and England - is calling for the body-worn camera footage from officers at the incident to be released.Susan Hall, Conservative leader on the London Assembly, has written to the Met Police commissioner in support of releasing the police officer's footage.Ms Hall tweeted: ""If Dawn Butler wants to play politics with police officers doing their job, Londoners should have all the facts.""Ms Butler said she had already spoken to her local borough commander and further meetings were planned.The MP also said stop and search needed to be revised to a system with ""better outcomes"", but ""it's going to take an intense amount of work"".Ch Supt Roy Smith tweeted on Sunday to say he had spoken to Ms Butler and she had given ""a very balanced account of the incident"".The officer said the force ""are listening"" to concerns she had about the stop and the officers involved.Since raising the issue Ms Butler has been subjected to racist abuse on social media. Labour Leader Sir Keir Starmer said ""it is imperative that the black community have trust and confidence in our police"".""All allegations of racial profiling must be taken extremely seriously by the Metropolitan Police,"" he added.Sir Keir said the abuse Ms Butler had suffered on social media was ""wrong and must be condemned"".The Independent Office for Police Conduct is investigating whether officers in England and Wales racially discriminate against ethnic minority people.BBC analysis shows that from August 2019 to July 2020 there were 101 stop and searches for every 1,000 black people in London, compared to 23.2 for every 1,000 white people and 28.7 per 1,000 Asian people.A police officer can legally stop any vehicle at any time. Police have the power to stop and search anyone if an officer has reasonable grounds to believe someone has been involved in a crime or is in possession of a prohibited item."
260	3	Madrid, Spain – Climate change is one of the most pressing issues for Generation Z, according to a global survey backed by Amnesty International.Published on Tuesday, and coinciding with Human Rights Day, the Ipsos-MORI survey questioned more than 10,000 people aged 18-25 across all six inhabited continents on what they viewed as the most important issues faced by the world.Out of a series of 23 options, climate change came highest on the list of concerns, with 41 percent giving it top priority. Thirty-six percent chose pollution and 31 percent suggested terrorism. Of the 22 countries where the survey was carried out, the highest percentage of young people most concerned about climate change was in Switzerland (57 percent), Spain (53 percent) and Germany (52 percent). Sixty percent agreed that “human rights must be protected, even at the cost of the economy”, with only 15 percent disagreeing.Presenting the report, Amnesty’s director for Spain, Esteban Beltran said that: “In the question of human rights, climate change is the greatest inter-generational threat that exists.”An overwhelming 54 percent said governments, more than individuals (28 percent) and businesses or corporations (14 percent), should shoulder the greatest responsibility for protecting the environment, with Beltran warning that widespread state inaction on climate change means “a generation of young people is being betrayed”.While climate change topped the lists of concerns at world level, at national level, corruption was most frequently mentioned – by 36 percent of those polled. That was followed by economic instability (26 percent), pollution (26 percent) income inequality (25 percent), climate change (22 percent) and violence against women (21 percent).Amnesty’s climate change adviser, Chiara Liguori, warned that governments were “backtracking” on their promises in the Paris climate agreement of 2015 to maintain solid links between human and environmental rights.“In the [climate change] rulebook that was agreed in Katowice,” – where COP24 was held last year – “there are no strong references to human rights, and this year in COP25 there’s a similar trend,” she said. “It’s a shame because human rights play a critical role in climate action.”Karyn Watson, a 22-year-old Chilean human rights and environmental activist told Al Jazeera: “Young people are protesting about this because if we don’t act now, there is no way back. Fighting for climate change is not just about young peoples’ future, it’s about our present too. It’s urgent because the people who are most marginalised in society and whose human rights are most vulnerable are often the ones who suffer the most from climate change – right now.”Josefina Mella, a 23-year-old activist also from Chile, said: “In my country, there are places where the contamination is so bad, children are falling ill with respiratory diseases and this survey is really important because it shows that young people are conscious of the problems of climate change like that. We know it goes hand in hand with human rights.“People can’t just say ‘ah, no, this is something that only concerns adults’. They have to listen to the young as well:”The survey comes amid worldwide protests, which Amnesty said are largely led by young people and students and which denounce the failure to address corruption, inequality and abuse of power.“For young people, climate change is one of the challenges of our era,” Amnesty International Secretary-General Kumi Naidoo said. “This is a wake-up call for our world leaders.”
619	2	Experts claim climate change is exacerbating a health crisis in Mongolia.Each year more than 400 children die of pneumonia or other respiratory diseases in the capital, due to air pollution.
538	3	"The Guardian on how climate change affects British wine, National Journal on the difficulty of regulating carbon, The Daily Beast on who works where in the energy sector, The Nation on New York City's fracking threat, and The New York Times Magazine on the economics of food trucks.This article is from the archive of our partner .The Guardian on how climate change affects British wine Trevor Baker reports on a Mark Driver, a winemaker in England who is preparing for progressively higher temperatures, which is expected to affect the rest of the nation: ""Experts believe that climate change will force farmers to abandon previously reliable crops. Geologist and viticulture expert Professor Richard Selley ... claims that, if temperatures continue to rise, within a generation or so the Drivers or their successors will have to start thinking about replacing their current vines with varieties better suited for a warmer climate. He's produced a speculative wine map of Britain in 2080 showing chardonnay grown mostly in northern England, the Welsh mountains and Scotland, merlot in much of the rest of the country, with the south coast of England fit only for raisins."" Here's that map:National Journal on the difficulty of regulating carbon ""President Obama is serious about fighting climate change in his second term, but his only real weapon for doing so is a 23-year-old law that wasn’t written with climate change in mind. This is not how he wanted to do it. It’s actually his last resort,"" writes Coral Davenport, about the legacy of the Clean Air Act, which was passed initially in 1963 and amended throughout the following decades. She continues: ""An overly ambitious interpretation of what the Clean Air Act allows will invite a hailstorm of legal attacks from industry that could succeed in overturning the rules. But a too-cautious interpretation could make the rules legally defensible—but environmentally toothless.""The Daily Beast on who works where in the energy sector ""Are there really more solar employees than coal miners?"" asks Matthew Zeitlin, who considers a recent study claiming so. ""Well, it depends on which data series you look at. ... There isn’t a great apples-to-apples comparison for coal and solar jobs. If we use the most generous survey of solar jobs and the rough midpoint of government surveys of coal jobs, the two seem to be roughly comparable."" Still, their futures are likely to diverge: ""Coal is not much of a growth business—especially when it comes to electricity production. ... Although solar is still a small portion of the nation’s energy portfolio, it is one of its fastest-growing components.""The Nation on New York City's fracking threat Allison Kilkenny reports on Occupy the Pipeline, an effort to oppose ""a massive new pipeline that will carry hydrofracked gas ... being constructed in New York City. The pipeline, built by subsidiaries of Spectra Energy, will carry the gas from the Marcellus Shale, a bed that lies under Pennsylvania and New York State, into New York City’s gas infrastructure."" One anti-fracking activist tells Kilkenny, ""We believe that installing a thirty-inch [diameter] pipeline that carries highly flammable gas at pressure greater than that of water through a fire hose directly below the street in neighborhoods as densely populated as the West Village and Chelsea is nothing short of unbridled hubris.""The New York Times Magazine on the economics of food trucks ""In the past few decades, food in New York City has gone through a complete transformation, but the street-vendor market, which should be more nimble, barely budges,"" writes Adam Davidson. ""houldn't there be four Wafels & Dinges trucks for every hot-dog cart?"" Davidson blames regulatory mazes for quashing the food truck market: ""The city has a right to weigh the interests of food-market owners (who don’t want food trucks blocking their windows) and diners (who deserve to know that their street meat is edible, and harmless). But many of the rules governing location were written decades ago. ... The one group that clearly suffers from the current system — the ticketed vendors — are often poorly paid immigrants without legal status and virtually no power. This sort of dynamic more or less sums up the economies of the third world.""This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire.We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com."
513	3	"Is Jacinda Ardern putting voters' short-term economic interests ahead of the planet? Photo / BloombergCOMMENT: Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern describes her goal of New Zealand achieving net zero greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 2050 as ""my generation's nuclear-free moment"".Monday's release of the Special Report on Global Warming of 1.5C by the UN's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) was an opportunity for her to demonstrate if her words have integrity.She failed utterly.Ardern could have welcomed the news petrol prices have hit record highs and expressed hope they will go higher as the Government gives the Emissions Trading Scheme (ETS) more bite.Instead, she lamented the current price signal for motorists to switch to public transport or electric cars and announced plans to adopt Judith Collins' 2017 proposal to bring petrol prices down.Ardern's hypocrisy is not absolved by this almost certainly being a short-term poll-driven gimmick, with any Commerce Commission inquiry into fuel prices likely to take years once participants litigate both the process and any draft findings.Her rhetorical push for lower petrol prices underlines that when the polls demand it, Ardern puts voters' short-term economic interests ahead of the planet.While deeply cynical, that is in fact the right stance.The IPCC report and the global political response shows there is no value in New Zealand doing anything to achieve zero net emissions if such moves come with any cost at all.IPCC co-chair Jim Skea suggests it remains possible ""within the laws of physics and chemistry"" for the world to avoid catastrophic global warming.But his sub-text is that the laws of politics mean it is not.Ardern is not the only world leader to ignore the report's release on Monday. China, the US, India and Russia are responsible for more than 50 per cent of global emissions, with the first two responsible for 40 per cent alone.It is another annoying law of physics and chemistry that these four countries will determine whether global warming passes the catastrophic 2C or stays within 1.5C.Steps by the likes of Japan, Brazil, Germany, Indonesia, Canada, Mexico and Iran may have a tiny effect at the margins. Everyone else is irrelevant.Another way of putting it is that 100 companies are responsible for 71 per cent of global emissions. Your SME buying electric vehicles or printing on both sides of the paper makes no difference at all.A counter view is that what New Zealanders do is as relevant as what any other collection of five million people do, but that avoids the point.Ardern, and even leaders of mid-size powers like Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison, do not have the regulatory power to affect the emissions behaviour of a sufficiently large number of people or businesses.Only Xi Jinping, Donald Trump, Narendra Modi and Vladimir Putin do, and only if they act in concert.This is why Barack Obama dealt directly with then Chinese premier Wen Jiabao and then Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh when salvaging something from the UN's 2009 Copenhagen fiasco.Nine years later, Trump has withdrawn the US from the IPCC and the White House says it is already doing everything it plans to do.Putin denies human-caused climate change and the Kremlin points to Russia's GHG emissions having already fallen significantly since 1990 following the collapse of the polluting communist system. Neither he nor Xi or Modi have had anything to say about this week's IPCC report.There will be no agreement between these four when tens of thousands of delegates jet into Katowice for the IPCC's next climate jamboree this December.If the IPCC report is accurate, this means all is lost. Catastrophic global warming cannot be avoided.It therefore makes no sense for Ardern to worry about New Zealand's emissions, which account for just 0.2 per cent of the global total. No domestic mitigation measure New Zealand takes will make the slightest difference to the extent of climate change we face.The only meaningful climate-change initiative New Zealand has ever taken was Tim Groser's Global Research Alliance on agricultural emissions which now has 51 countries working together to  reduce the 22 per cent of global GHG emissions that come from methane and nitrous oxide.All else over the past 30 years has been mindless virtue signalling for the domestic audience.Given the attitude of Xi, Trump, Modi and Putin, Ardern's  focus, and that of her successors, should now be on adaptation.It is her job to plan for how New Zealand will survive with higher temperatures and protect itself from the hundreds of millions of climate refugees  the IPCC report suggests will be heading our way.- Matthew Hooton is managing  director of PR and corporate affairs firm Exceltium."
532	0	"This year's shortlisted nominations for the Booker Prize are unafraid to take on today's real-world challenges, from climate change to poverty.""The best novels often prepare our societies for valuable conversations, and not just about the inequities and dilemmas of the world — whether in connection with climate change, forgotten communities, old age, racism, or revolution when necessary — but also about how magnificent the interior life of the mind, imagination and spirit is, in spite of circumstance"" said judge Margaret Busby in a published announcement. The panel of five judges highlighted both the gender and racial diversity in their selection of novelists: ""It's exciting to realize there are so many interesting female authors out there; there are so many interesting non-white authors out there giving us different glimpses of what the world is all about, telling interesting and vibrant stories,"" said judge Emily Wilson in a video announcing the shortlist. Four of the six authors selected are women, including Zimbabwean author Tsitsi Dangarembga, whose book This Mournable Body tells the tale of a woman confronting the harsh realities of life as she descends into poverty in Zimbabwe. Dangarembga herself is an activist as well as one of her country's top literary voices. She was arrested at the end of July for protesting against the country's government and brings this fresh and fearless voice to her writing. Also on the list is Ethiopian-US writer Maaza Mengiste's The Shadow King; a powerful story about African women who went to war during Italy's invasion of Ethiopia that sheds a new light on female empowerment.  Also on the shortlist is Diane Cook's The New Wilderness, which is set in a dystopian future city rendered nearly uninhabitable due to smog and pollution. In it, a mother tries to save her daughter by moving to a wild land untouched by humankind. It is the kind of story that rings true in an era of rampant climate change, pointed out the jury.  The judges selected another poignant mother daughter story, albeit with many twists and turns, in American author Avni Doshi's Burnt Sugar. Another finalist vying for the prize is Real Life by African-American author Brandon Taylor. The novel, set in a college town in the US Midwest, is ""a deeply affecting story about the emotional cost of reckoning with desire, and overcoming pain,"" according to the Booker Prize website.  Finally, a marginalized family in the 1980s in impoverished Glasgow struggles with addiction and maintaining bonds in Douglas Stuart's Shuggie Bain. The winner will be selected on November 17 and will take home £50,000 in prize money ($64,500 / €54,000) in addition to the £2,500 ($3,200 / €2,700) given to each shortlisted finalist.Typically, the Booker Prize is awarded to one author, yet anything is possible. Last year, judges simply could not decide on the best piece of literature and awarded two authors: Canadian author Margaret Atwood and British author  Bernardine Evaristo who split the prize money. The literary accolade was first given in 1969 and was initially restricted to authors of Commonwealth countries, the Republic of Ireland and Zimbabwe. Since 2013, international citizens have also been allowed to participate, given their book has been published in the UK or Ireland. Find more videos international literature on our DW Books YouTube channel."
157	3	More than 700 mammals and birds currently threatened with extinction already appear to have been adversely affected by climate change, according to a major review of scientific studies.Primates and marsupials are believed to have the most individual species suffering as a result of global warming, according to a paper in the journal Nature Climate Change. Only two groups of mammals, rodents and insect-eaters, are thought to have benefited. This is partly because they have fast breeding rates, tend not to be specialists suited to a particular habitat, and often live in burrows which provide insulation against changes in the weather.The figures are much higher than previously thought, making up 47 per cent of land mammals and 23 per cent of the birds on the International Union for Conservation of Nature’s Red List of species threatened with extinction.According to the list itself, just seven per cent of the mammals and four per cent of the birds are described as being threatened by “climate change and severe weather”.The researchers developed a model to compare the animals’ weight and other characteristics with changes in the climate, such as the temperature.“Using this model, we estimated that 47 per cent of terrestrial [non-flying] threatened mammals (out of 873 species) and 23.4 per cent of threatened birds (out of 1,272 species) may have already been negatively impacted by climate change in at least part of their distribution,” the article in Nature Climate Change said.Read our full mailing list consent terms hereRead our full mailing list consent terms here“Our results suggest that populations of large numbers of threatened species are likely to be already affected by climate change, and that conservation managers, planners and policy makers must take this into account in efforts to safeguard the future of biodiversity.”Primates and marsupials are more at risk than other animals partly because they have lived mostly in tropical parts of the world which have had a stable climate for thousands of years.“Many of these [animals] have evolved to live within restricted environmental tolerances and are likely to be most affected by rapid changes and extreme events,” the paper added.“In addition, primates and elephants are characterised by very slow reproductive rates that reduce their ability to adapt to rapid changes in environmental conditions.”One reason why climate change is causing a problem for animals is changes in the distribution of plants.“In areas with reduced precipitation and/or temperature seasonality, it is likely that plant species may have narrower climatic tolerances, and therefore that these areas may have already experienced vegetation changes with consequential loss of habitat for animals living there,” the paper said. “A more specialised diet was also associated with greater probability of negative responses in mammals. “Our findings are in agreement with previous studies on the predictors of general extinction risk, in which species with narrower diet breadths were associated with lower ability to exploit resources and adapt to new environmental conditions and selective pressures.”Birds living in the world’s cold mountain regions appear to be particularly at risk.“Populations of species living at high altitudes and in colder places have fewer opportunities to move towards cooler areas or upslope to avoid increasing temperatures, and hence may have increased extinction risk,” the paper said.Another problem is that higher temperatures are inducing birds to lay eggs earlier.“For animals living in these environments the effects of temperature changes may have been exacerbated, potentially leading to disruption in synchronisation between the timing of chick-feeding and peak food availability,” the paper said.
558	2	A pair of authors tries to maintain optimism about the world’s changing landscapes—but at what cost?In October, the residents of Newtok, Alaska, are expected to begin relocating because of climate change. And it’s not just the people who are moving. The town is packing up everything—including its school and airport—and starting over on higher ground nine miles away. Sitting between two rivers on the state’s southwestern coast, Newtok voted to move in 1996, but governmental red tape and the project’s high cost, more than $100 million, have contributed to the delay. As rising tides claim their land and record-breaking heat melts the permafrost beneath their homes, Newtok’s 354 residents hope to complete their move by 2023. “We cannot wait anymore,” the village’s relocation coordinator told Senator Lisa Murkowski of Alaska in August.Residents of other Alaskan towns and villages may soon be saying something similar, if they aren’t already. Ninety-two miles east of Newtok, the 350 people who live in Napakiak are retreating from the Kuskokwim River, moving back their houses and other properties one by one from the eroding riverbank. Twice they have had to move the village cemetery. “It’s a constant race against time, and right now the local grocery store, the fire station, and a city building are top of the list for relocation,” a city-council member told the news agency AFP earlier this year. He added: “Who knows what we are going to face in the next 10 years.”The U.S. government’s 2018 National Climate Assessment provided some idea, finding that 49.4 million “housing units” are located within shoreline communities across the country and that flooding “from rising sea levels and storms is likely to destroy, or make unsuitable for use, billions of dollars of property by the middle of this century.”Amid this destruction, a pair of new books suggests, may lie the secret to surviving it. In Surfacing, the Scottish essayist and poet Kathleen Jamie recounts her 2014 visit to Quinhagak, a coastal village of some 700 people located south of Napakiak. Five years earlier, while watching the Bering Sea swallow their land, creep closer to their homes, and threaten their community, Quinhagak’s residents, most of them indigenous Yup’iks, invited Rick Knecht, an archaeologist from the University of Aberdeen in Scotland, to help them preserve what the water was taking away. Jamie reports that that erosion of a mile-long stretch of beach had revealed a 500-year-old village filled with Yup’ik artifacts: “line weights, harpoon heads, jewelry, wooden arrow-shafts, fishing weights, darts, models of animals, even ceremonial dance-masks, ritually broken after use.” The discovery of these objects soon led to a renewed interest among the Quinhagak community about a way of life that had all but been forgotten. Before Jamie joined Knecht in Alaska, the archaeologist had told her that the site, named Nunallaq—or “Old Village”—“was revitalizing a damaged culture” and “developing resilience and confidence” among Quinhagak’s residents.Warren Jones, the former president of the village corporation that owns the land in Quinhagak and most of the businesses that operate on it, tells Jamie how the dig inspired the first ceremonial dance in the village in a hundred years. Jones credits interest in Knecht’s work to an increase in young Quinhagaks attending college, and believes what’s happening there can show other Alaskan villages how a return to traditional ways of life can prepare them for the future. As one village elder tells Jamie during a discussion about hunting, “We gotta remember. If the planes stop flying and no food comes in, we gotta remember how to live.”With Surfacing, Jamie doesn’t join the chorus of voices calling for immediate action to prevent the effects of climate change from getting worse. She admits to feeling “powerless to resist” the “global forces and corporations” blamed for the crisis. She can’t, however, be accused of throwing in with the climate defeatists. Surfacing is a work of cautious optimism, with the author occasionally tilting too far toward wide-eyed hope. “If you imagine all the incidents the people here spoke of,” she writes of Quinhagak, “all the looking and listening, the stories and encounters, remembered and repeated and layered over thousands of years, you might indeed come to know your own backyard. And how it might help you.”Such stories are not, of course, found only in Alaska. Later in the book, Jamie spends time at an archaeological site named the Links of Noltland in her native Scotland. Buried for 5,000 years, the site is home to a recently exposed seaside settlement from the Neolithic and Bronze Ages. As steady winds erode human remains and other evidence of communities that existed on the spot for 700 years, archaeologists race to save as much of it as they can. The subsistence farmers who lived here, Jamie writes, practiced “a way of life that bound you inescapably.” More than once, archaeologists tell her that these people “just got on with it”—the business of living.“Does this matter, is the question,” Jamie wonders. “Do we want to know how it was to be human, here, five thousand years ago? Do we want to know where we’re coming from as we cruise into the future? What we were, or might be again? How we ‘engaged,’ if that’s the word, how we configured our relationship with the rest of the natural world, with the planet.”Jamie appears content to let the reader answer these questions, and she moves on to essays about losing her parents, her bout with cancer, and the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests in China. For Terry Tempest Williams, there is no moving on from such questions. The Utah-based conservationist’s new book, Erosion: Essays of Undoing, reads like a longer, louder, and less searching book than Jamie’s. “Without a respect for origins,” Williams declares, “the human spirit falters.”In her impassioned collection of essays, poems, and interviews dating back to 2012, Williams returns often to the idea that in order to adapt to the climate crisis, everyone will need to understand “what indigenous communities have always known, and are increasingly willing to share—that we are one with the land, not apart from it.”The veteran nature writer Barry Lopez makes a similar argument in his recent, career-spanning book Horizon, and like him, Williams understands that her observations—and, ultimately, her faith in humanity and optimism about its future—come from a place of privilege. While everyone is experiencing the effects of climate change, it’s easy to write “Our undoing is also the making of our becoming” when the ocean isn’t lapping at your front door. “I have the privilege of looking forward,” Williams admits in Erosion, later adding, “This is who I am—Boom! A white woman of privilege born of the Covenant—I am not on the outside but inside.”Williams’s impatience with subtlety, penchant for aphorisms (“Wilderness is a necessity, not a luxury”; “The silence before us is time”), and wide embrace of repetition threaten to dull the book’s message early on. But the more she repeats her arguments—sometimes within the same paragraph—for saving public lands, standing up to the oil and gas industries, and building “another world in the ashes of this one,” the more effective Erosion becomes.Williams’s and Jamie’s books arrive late in a year that has already seen climate literature advance in intimate (Margaret Renkl’s Late Migrations), imaginative (Karen Russell’s Orange World), and authoritative (Lopez’s aforementioned Horizon) ways. On their own, Surfacing and Erosion aren’t quite at the level of those works. But taken together, their disparate approaches to the same idea —“To belong to a place and a group of people saves our lives,” as Williams puts it—prove to be, almost despite themselves, encouraging.We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
505	4	"Northland has had four droughts in the past eight years, with another one likely if there's not significant rain soon. Climate change scientists have projected continued global greenhouse gas emissions would heat Northland heat up more than other regions - leadingto increased wild fires, flooding and coastal erosion, invasive pests and more drought by the end of the century.In what reads like an apocalyptic fiction, the Climate Change Projections and Implications for Northland report warns that the region would also be hit with an increased risk of salmonella, dengue fever and Ross River virus and a threat to some crops, with some effects visible by 2050.Commissioned by Northland Regional Council, Niwa climate scientist Petra Pearce and her team note that Northland's 25 annual days of recorded temperatures of more than 25C would increase to 100 days.Niwa reported last week that Whangarei was the warmest NZ area in 2016, with a mean average temperature of 16.9C, making Northland the warmest region for the fifth year running.The additional 75 hot days and a maximum average, annual temperature increase of 3.3C by 2090 would see Northland overtake Hawke's Bay and Canterbury as the hottest region overall with the largest temperature increase.The localised report was calculated regionally from global data, taken from a number of Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) reports, using historical climate data from 1986.It considered four scenarios from the removal of emissions to the extreme ""business as usual"" scenarios until 2040 and 2090, Pearce told the Advocate.""What stood out as the major change in Northland, was the increase in temperature ... higher than all other regions,"" she said.The report projected that by springtime 2090, there would be a temperature rise of up to 2.8C in Northland, with 1-12 per cent less rainfall in Kaitaia and 3-17 per cent less rainfall in Whangarei.In summer, there would be a 0.7C to 3.3C temperature rise and 2-6 per cent more rainfall in Kaitaia and Whangarei, while autumn would bring a 0.7C to 3.2C temperature rise and 1-5 per cent more rainfall in Whangarei, with up to 4 per cent increase in Kaitaia rainfall.However, winter would see a 0.7C to 3C temperature rise, 6 per cent less to 1 per cent more rainfall in Kaitaia and 1-9 per cent less rainfall in Whangarei.Pearce said the projections depended on the uncertain future global emissions and were not be taken as definitive.Stormy weather would increase in intensity with more thunderstorms and wind with ex-tropical cyclones likely be stronger and cause more damage as a result of heavy rain and strong winds.An increase of 7 per cent in drought frequency was also projected from 2030 and 2050, and up 10 per cent from 2070 to 2090, compared to 1980-1999 levels.Pearce said the region could also experience an increase in the occurrence of summer water-borne and food-borne diseases such as salmonella, with an increased risk from vector-borne diseases [transmitted by bites] such as dengue fever and the Ross River virus.Climate change would also result in an increased biosecurity risk from invasive pests, which would impact pasture and horticultural crops. Existing pests were at risk of becoming serious problems with even a slight increase in temperature.The production of some fruit, such as kiwifruit, would no longer be viable by 2050 because of a lack of winter chilling with warmer temperatures, a longer growing season and rare frosts would require new sub-tropical crops, such as persimmon or macadamia.Kerikeri grower David Kelly said growers would find ways to thrive, in spite of climate change, thanks to the Zespri-funded breeding programmes at Plant and Food Research in Kerikeri.""Under the Niwa timeframe, it is doable to produce plants in 15 to 20 years which would withstand temperature changes.""He added that there was room for more irrigation innovation.Meanwhile, Northland's sea levels would reflect the national projection with New Zealand tide records showing an average rise in relative mean sea level of 1.7mm per year over the 20th century.The report said coastal roads and infrastructure would face increased risk from coastal erosion and inundation, increased storminess and sea-level rise.To read the full report, click here.You can also read the Ministry for the Environment's summary here.Projected environmental changes by 2090:* 75 more 'hot days' a year* Up to 3.3C hotter in summer* Double the time spent in drought* Increased flood risk* Coastal erosion* Risk of salmonella, dengue fever, Ross River virus* Increased biosecurity threat from invasive pests* Uneconomic crops, kiwifruit (by 2050)"
367	4	"Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com.A  progressive-led letter is expected to hit President Biden’s desk Thursday attempting to temper the administration’s confrontational approach when it comes to China, for the sake of climate change.Tensions between the U.S. and China reached heightened levels under Donald Trump, but the Biden administration has done little to mollify relations.A group of more than 40 progressive organizations fear that issues like an increasingly hardline approach to the Uyghur genocide and human rights abuses in Hong Kong could jeopardize another big-ticket item for the Biden presidency – ending climate change, first reported Politico.In a letter obtained by the Washington, D.C.-based outlet, the organizations are calling on Biden and Congress ""to eschew the dominant antagonistic approach to U.S.-China relations and instead prioritize multilateralism, diplomacy, and cooperation with China to address the existential threat that is the climate crisis.""""Nothing less than the future of our planet depends on ending the new Cold War between the United States and China,"" the letter continues. ""To combat the climate crisis and build a global economy that works for everyday working people — in the U.S. and China alike — we must shift from competition to cooperation.""The letter from groups like the Union of Concerned Scientists reflects a division within the Democratic Party.Moderate Democratic members of Congress have pushed the administration to be tough on China and reject human rights abuses while addressing climate change at home. But the party’s more leftist members argue addressing climate change in the U.S. is not enough.Biden has said the chilly U.S.-China relationship is ultimately a ""battle between the utility of democracies in the 21st century and autocracies,"" suggesting the president may be unwilling to back off hardline policies and sanctions placed on China.Even as the president pushes the U.S. to embrace climate-friendly initiatives, materials imported from China for the construction of solar panels were banned last month over allegations of forced labor. And special presidential climate envoy John Kerry has made it clear the U.S. will consider pushing China on climate-based policies with or without its cooperation. Kerry said the U.S. was ""examining"" how carbon taxes could work if China failed to make progress on lowering its greenhouse gas emissions.  ""Our preference would be that every country is joining in in a fair manner in its efforts to reduce emissions sufficiently, that we’re all paying the price of avoiding the consequences of the global climate crisis,"" Kerry told reporters in May.""That includes, obviously, major emitting nations in the world. We all know who they are."""
947	5	"One study, published in October in the journal Nature, found that as a result of population growth and the continued consumption of Western diets high in red meats and processed foods, the environmental pressures of the food system could increase by up to 90% by 2050, ""exceeding key planetary boundaries that define a safe operating space for humanity beyond which Earth's vital ecosystems could become unstable,"" according to study author Marco Springmann of the Oxford Martin Programme on the Future of Food at the University of Oxford.""It could lead to dangerous levels of climate change with higher occurrences of extreme weather events, affect the regulatory function of forest ecosystems and biodiversity ... and pollute water bodies such that it would lead to more oxygen-depleted dead zones in oceans,"" Springmann said.""If the whole world, which continues to grow, eats more like us, the impacts are staggering, and the planet simply can't withstand it,"" said Sharon Palmer, a registered dietitian nutritionist and plant-based food and sustainability expert in Los Angeles who was not involved in the new research. Sustaining a healthier planet will require halving the amount of food loss and waste, and improving farming practices and technologies. But it will also require a shift toward more plant-based diets, according to Springmann. As Palmer noted, ""research consistently shows that drastically reducing animal food intake and mostly eating plant foods is one of the most powerful things you can do to reduce your impact on the planet over your lifetime, in terms of energy required, land used, greenhouse gas emissions, water used and pollutants produced.""How a meat-based diet negatively affects the environment It might come as a surprise, but Springmann's study found that the production of animal products generates the majority of food-related greenhouse-gas emissions -- specifically, up to 78% of total agricultural emissions. This, he explained, is due to manure-related emissions, to their ""low feed-conversion efficiencies"" (meaning cows and other animals are not efficient in converting what they eat into body weight) and to enteric fermentation in ruminants, a process that takes place in a cow's stomach when it digests food that leads to methane emissions. The feed-related impacts of animal products also contribute to freshwater use and pressures on cropland, as well as nitrogen and phosphorus application, which over time could lead to dead zones in oceans, low-oxygen areas where few organisms can survive, according to Springmann.For an example of how animal foods compare with plant-based foods in terms of environmental effects, consider that ""beef is more than 100 times as emissions-intensive as legumes,"" Springmann said. ""This is because a cow needs, on average, 10 kilograms of feed, often from grains, to grow 1 kilogram of body weight, and that feed will have required water, land and fertilizer inputs to grow."" In addition, cows emit the potent greenhouse gas methane during digestion, which makes cows and other ruminants such as sheep especially high-emitting. Other animal foods have lower impacts because they don't produce methane in their stomachs and require less feed than cows, Springmann explained. For example, cows emit about 10 times more greenhouse gases per kilogram of meat than pigs and chickens, which themselves emit about 10 times more than legumes.Like animals, plants also require inputs from the environment in order to grow, but the magnitude is significantly less, Springmann explained.""In today's agricultural system, we grow plants to feed animals, which require all of those resources and inputs: land, water, fossil fuels, pesticides, herbicides and fertilizer to grow. And then we feed plants to animals and care for them over their lifetime, while they produce methane and manure,"" Palmer said.Adopting more plant-based diets for ourselves could reduce the greenhouse gas emissions of the food system by more than half, according to the Nature study. A mainly plant-based diet could also reduce other environmental impacts, such as those from fertilizers, and save up to quarter use of both farmland and fresh water, according to Springmann.Palmer explained that ""legumes [or pulses], such as beans, lentils and peas are the most sustainable protein source on the planet. They require very small amounts of water to grow, they can grow in harsh, dry climates, they grow in poor nations, providing food security, and they act like a natural fertilizer, capturing nitrogen from the air and fixing it in the soil. Thus, there is less need for synthetic fertilizers. These are the types of protein sources we need to rely upon more often.""Flexitarian: The healthy compromise for you and the planetExperts agree that if you are not ready to give up meat entirely, a flexitarian diet, which is predominantly plant-based, can help. This diet includes plenty of fruits, vegetables and plant-based protein sources including legumes, soybeans and nuts, along with modest amounts of poultry, fish, milk and eggs, and small amounts of red meat. Vegetarian and vegan diets would result in even lower greenhouse gas emissions, but a flexitarian diet ""is the least stringent that is both healthy and would reduce greenhouse gas emissions enough for us to stay within environmental limits,"" according to Springmann.Palmer said that ""although vegan diets, followed by vegetarian diets, are linked with the lowest environmental impacts, not everyone is interested in taking on those lifestyles. But everyone can eat more of a flexitarian diet. It doesn't mean that you have to give up meat completely, but you significantly reduce your intake of it."" Registered dietitian nutritionist Dawn Jackson Blatner described it this way: ""A flexitarian is really someone who wakes up with the intention of being more vegetarian. It's different from vegetarian in that there is some flexibility.""Going flexitarian Just how ""flexitarian"" you wish to be can be flexible, too. For example, Blatner, who was not involved in the Nature study, offers three levels of the diet in her book ""The Flexitarian Diet"": a ""beginner"" flexitarian, who consumes six to eight meatless meals per week (or is limited to 26 ounces of animal protein); an ""advanced"" flexitarian, who eats nine to 14 meatless meals per week (or is limited to 18 ounces of animal protein); and an ""expert"" flexitarian, who eats at least 15 meatless meals or limits animal protein to 9 ounces per week.The key is not just eliminating meat but swapping in plant-based proteins, including beans and lentils. A Mediterranean meal might incorporate chickpeas; a Mexican meal might have black beans or pintos; an Asian meal might include edamame; an Italian meal might use white beans or lentils to make a ""Bolognese"" pasta sauce, Blatner explained.""I wrote the book because I really wanted to be a vegetarian, but I just couldn't do it so strictly,"" she said. ""I really wanted to lean in to a more plant-based diet, but I needed a little more flexibility. So it's the great compromise."" Flexitarian fast-startTo get started on a flexitarian diet, here's a sample three-day plan, courtesy of Blatner. You'll notice that some meals have a choice of a plant-based protein or an animal-based protein. Choose plant as often as you can, and you'll soon be an expert-level flexitarian of 15-plus meatless meals per week.Day 1Breakfast of avocado toast: sprouted whole-grain toast + avocado + spinach + eggLunch of kale ranch bowl: chicken or chickpeas + chopped kale/tomatoes + roasted sweet potato cubes + ranch dressingDinner of tacos: seasoned white fish or lentils + corn tortillas + cabbage slaw + guacamole + salsaSnack of apple + pecans and/or cucumber + hummusDay 2Breakfast of peanut butter oatmeal: oatmeal + natural peanut butter + chopped appleLunch of a Mexican bowl: chicken or black beans + chopped romaine/peppers + brown rice + guacamole + salsaDinner of a Mediterranean plate: chicken or chickpeas + cucumber/tomato/feta salad + lemon-dill brown riceSnack of grape tomatoes + mozzarella stick and/or clementine + pistachiosDay 3Breakfast of green belly smoothie: 2% plain kefir + rolled oats + banana + spinachLunch of Asian bowl: chicken or edamame + coleslaw mix + quinoa + ginger dressingDinner of burgers: beef or bean burger + sweet potato fries + veggie dippers with ranchSnack of carrots + almond butter and/or dark chocolate + berries"
573	3	Yes, we have no bananas' may be sung again as experts warn that while climate change may have been increasing yields to date, this trend may soon drop off. Researchers studied the past and predicted impact of global warming on desert bananas in 27 banana-producing countries.They found that average yields had increased with rising temperatures since 1961, but numbers of the fruit may be significantly diminished by 2050. Bananas are considered by many to be the most important fruit crop, with millions of people worldwide dependant on them for food, nutrition and income.In Britain alone, for example, more than five billion bananas are purchased every year — accounting for a seven per cent split of the fruit's global export market.Scroll down for video 'Yes, we have no bananas' may be sung again as experts warn that while climate change may have been increasing yields to date, this trend may soon peel off (stock image)Researchers suggest that, by 2050, many countries will see banana yields decline with rising temperatures.These include India — the world's largest producer and consumer of bananas — and Brazil, the fourth largest producer of the popular fruit.Other nations whose crop will take a hit include Colombia, Costa Rica, Guatemala, Panama and the Philippines.All of these affected nations are major exporters of bananas to the global market. The study does note, however, that some countries — including biggest banana exporter Ecuador, Honduras and a number of African nations — may continue to see an overall boost to their banana crop yields.Bioscientists Varun Varm and Dan Bebber of the University of Exeter examined the recent and predicted future impacts of climate change on the world's leading dessert banana producers and exporters.The team focused on 27 countries that make up around 86 per cent of the world's dessert banana producers.Rising temperatures brought about by climate change has fostered more favourable growing conditions, with yields having increased since 1961, the researchers found.If climate change continues at its expected rate, however, this boost to banana crop yield is likely to be drastically reduced — or may even disappear completely — come the year 2050. In total, it is predicted that ten countries will see a significant decline in yields, among which are India — the world's largest producer and consumer of bananas — and Brazil, which is the fourth largest producer of the popular fruit.Little research has been done previously in the impact of global warming and shifting precipitation rates on bananas, with most studies focusing on other crops like maize, rice and wheat. 'We’re very concerned about the impact of diseases like Fusarium Wilt on bananas, but the impacts of climate change have been largely ignored,' said Dr Bebber.'There will be winners and losers in coming years, and our study may stimulate vulnerable countries to prepare through investment in technologies like irrigation'.Researchers studied the past and predicted impact of global warming on desert bananas in 27 banana-producing countries. Pictured, two men harvest bananasBananas are considered by many to be the most important fruit crop, with millions of people worldwide dependant on them for food, nutrition and income (stock image)The study does note that some countries — including biggest banana exporter Ecuador, Honduras and a number of African nations — may continue to see an overall boost to their banana crop yields. Understanding the likely future impacts of climate change on banana production is key to ensuring the long-term survival of the fruit and the market that depends on it, the researchers argue.'It is imperative that we invest in preparing tropical agriculture for future climate change', added Dr Bebber.This will particularly vital for countries like Ecuador and Costa Rica, where bananas and their derived products make up the second largest agricultural exports.'An open exchange of ideas is going to be critical going forward,' said Dr Varma.'We believe practical solutions already exist, but these are scattered across banana producing countries.''This knowledge exchange needs to start now to counteract predicted yield losses due to climate change.'The full findings of the study were published in the journal Nature Climate Change. The Cavendish banana is currently the world's main commercial crop.It was first grown in large volumes by the Peak District stately home of Chatsworth house.  According to folklore, Chatsworth's first head gardener, Joseph Paxton was inspired to grow a banana by one he saw depicted on Chinese wallpaper in a bedroom at Chatsworth.  For nearly a hundred years the story was thought to be a myth, as nobody could find the painted banana.  Joseph Paxton was successfully growing bananas at Chatsworth by 1835 after obtaining one from Mauritius.  There was great excitement at Chatsworth in November 1835 when the banana plant flowered. By the following May, it was loaded with more than 100 fruit. Within a few years, he had enough plants to offer them to enthusiasts from all over the country. The banana variety known as Gros Michel was initially the world leader and had the edge until the Second World War.But the Dwarf Cavendish had certain characteristics which gave it an advantage.The one property which enabled the Cavendish variety to take the crown as top banana was its greater resistance to disease.The Gros Michel was virtually wiped out worldwide by Panama disease, also known as banana wilt, caused by a fungus. Within a decade, the Dwarf Cavendish and its varieties had become the main commercial crop around the globe.
935	4	"The Five' reacts to Biden's radical 'Earth Day pledge' to combat climate changeFormer undersecretary for the Department of Energy under President Obama, Steven Koonin is dissenting from the Biden administration’s stance on the global ""climate crisis,"" saying the data do not support the ""hysteria.""""What I realized, is that, although you hear people talking about ‘we’re going to believe in the science, the science is settled, we’ve got an existential crisis’ – when you actually read the science, it doesn’t support that kind of hysteria at all,"" he said in an interview with Fox News Thursday.Koonin, a physicist and professor at New York University, said he began extensively researching climate trends in 2014, prompting him to write his latest book Unsettled: What Climate Science Tells Us, What It Doesn’t, and Why It Matters.The veteran scientist explained that the data in the assessment reports provided by the United Nation’s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) and the U.S.’s National Climate Assessment do not support drastic calls for countering climate change, as outlined in President Biden’s latest climate plan.Koonin said that temperatures are rising globally and have risen by roughly 1.8 degrees Fahrenheit over the last century. But he argued that even as the earth was warming and continues to warm, mankind has been able to make immense advances, expanding food sources and access to electricity.""Eventually we will probably need to do something about this, but the scope and scale of what the Biden administration proposed for the U.S., I think is just not there in the data,"" he said. Adding, ""It’s not there in the science.""""I prefer to see us take a much more measured and thoughtful approach to doing this,"" Koonin said.Biden announced Thursday he plans to cut greenhouse gas emissions in half by 2030, by relying on greener technologies and rethinking U.S. infrastructure.He plans to invest in union jobs and the middle class by expanding job opportunities while advancing ""environmental justice.""But Koonin argues this is not necessarily feasible.""The ambition to have a high percent of weather-dependent renewables on the electrical grid is something I would question,"" he said. ""The wind doesn’t blow all the time, the sun doesn’t shine all the time. And you’ve got to have backup systems for when that happens.""Koonin explained that ensuring backups to the renewable energy providers increases the cost of the energy grids as a whole – something he said will also make the change harder for developing countries to achieve.The NYU professor explained that the fight for clean energy is a ""secondary priority"" in countries throughout Africa and the Middle East.""40 percent of the world’s population, don’t have adequate energy,"" he said, adding that projections show that as underdevelopment nations progress, energy use globally is going to go up by 50 percent come the middle of the century.""Eighty percent of the world’s energy come from fossil fuels,"" Koonin said, noting to the massive number of jobs created by the fossil fuel industry.""That's the nub of the problem -- because those developing countries account for half of the emissions now -- who’s going to pay the developing countries not to emit?"" he questioned.Koonin said the U.S. needs to start exploring geoengineering options that could help cool the earth -- a topic he devotes a chapter to in his book.One option is to make the planet more reflective by releasing aerosols into the atmosphere.The second option he thinks the science community needs to better understand, is how to pull carbon dioxide out of the air. ""I think we need to understand them better,"" Koonin said, adding it would be good to ""have the tool in your arsenal.""See below for an excerpt from Koonin’s latest book Unsettled: What Climate Science Tells Us, What It Doesn’t, and Why It Matters.Despite headlines like ""Hurricanes are strengthening under human influences,"" and ""Climate change will be an economic disaster"" the science as summarized in UN and US government reports actually says that hurricanes show no detectable sign of human influence and that global warming several times the Paris Agreement ""guardrail"" will have minimal net impact on the US or global economies. Yet the politicians and media invariably invoke ""The Science"" as they proclaim a climate crisis.In fact, there has been far too little serious public discussion about the knowns and unknowns of climate science, since almost everyone gets their climate information at the end of a long game of telephone. It starts with the basic research findings, goes through the government reports and their summaries, and ends up in the media. Unfortunately, there are ample opportunities for misinformation, both unintentional and deliberate, as the science is packaged and simplified for non-experts."
76	4	After my recent column on how big business is coming together to defend global warming legislation in California, I was overwhelmed by the number of notes I received asking about the state of the global warming debate. The United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change is in shambles, the U.S. Senate is stymied, and the public is losing confidence that climate change is real. But this past summer's crazy weather may be changing some minds.   With summer 2010 now in our rear-view mirror, it's worth considering: Did global warming cause the once-in-a-lifetime weather events? New Yorkers dealt with a sweltering heatwave and were unsurprised to learn that the period from June to August shattered previous temperature records. The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration says that we've just lived through the hottest decade on record. And after this summer, with many countries, including Russia to Saudi Arabia, setting their all-time heat records, people all around the planet are asking whether carbon dioxide emissions could be to blame.  Here's a quick roundup of extreme weather events this summer: Forest Fires in Russia   This summer was the hottest on record for Russia, and the resulting wildfires plagued the country with smoky skies. More than a thousand people were killed and 300,000 acres were burned. The fires destroyed a naval base, and there were widespread fears that the radiation-contaminated area surrounding Chernobyl would be ignited. President Vladimir Putin, after a slow initial reaction, stepped into high gear, with state media filming him co-piloting a fire plane. Putin declared global warming a threat to Russia, a remarkable statement from a leader whose country's economy is based on carbon dioxide intensive fossil fuels. Pakistan Pakistan set the record this summer for the hottest temperature in Asia when it reached 129 degrees Fahrenheit. Meanwhile, floods ravaged Pakistan, with some estimates reaching as high as one-fifth of the country inundated by floodwaters and more than 1,500 people killed. Coral Bleaching   The New York Times recently featured a story suggesting that the warmer-than-usual oceans might cause a repeat of the 1998 coral bleaching event, when 16 percent of the world's shallow-water reefs died. The period from January to August of this year matched the temperatures for the same period in 1998, the hottest year in the historical record. Reefs are sensitive to heat changes and shed their color, as if they were bleached white, in a last-ditch effort to survive.Walruses   At Point Lay in Alaska, thousands of walruses are pulling themselves out of the water as the sea ice they depend on for foraging has disappeared. Estimates are that 10,000-20,000 walruses are hauling themselves out right now along the Chukchi coastline.We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
714	3	"Watch: James Shaw says NZ will unveil a more ambitious climate commitment at COP26.  Credits: Video - Newshub Nation; Image - Getty ImagesChina President Xi Jinping will not attend the COP26 climate summit in person, UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson has reportedly been told.The UK, which will host the 26th UN Climate Change Conference of the Parties, or COP26, in Glasgow on October 31 - November 12, is seeking to get big power support for a more radical plan to tackle climate change.""It is now pretty clear that Xi is not going to turn up and the PM has been told that,"" The Times quoted an unidentified UK source as saying. ""What we don’t know is what stance the Chinese are going to take.""The Times said UK organisers fear Xi's decision to stay away could be a prelude to China refusing to set new climate change goals amid an energy crunch. The Chinese embassy in London could not be reached for immediate comment.Xi, China’s most powerful leader since Mao Zedong, has not left the People's Republic since the beginning of the novel coronavirus pandemic. He has joined video calls with global leaders.China is the world's largest greenhouse gas emitter so Xi's absence from discussions - either in person or via video calls - would mark a setback for Johnson's hopes of getting world leaders to agree on a significant climate deal.Xi, 68, who has served as General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party since 2012, attended the 2015 Paris climate conference.The UK's Queen Elizabeth has been overheard saying that she was irritated by world leaders who talk about climate change but then do very little or nothing to address the crisis.""Extraordinary isn’t it? I’ve been hearing all about COP,"" the 95-year-old monarch told Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, the wife of her son, Charles, Prince of Wales and the presiding officer of the Welsh assembly. ""Still don’t know who is coming..."
647	3	Californians welcomed a wave of cooler weather over the Labor Day weekend following weeks of intense heat and bushfires.Locals are divided on the cause of the extreme temperatures with some attributing it to human induced “climate change”, while others claimed only “natural processes” were at work.While California’s record-breaking heat was not identified as the cause of 2020’s wildfires, it does make them more difficult to control with more land burnt this fire season than ever before.The heat and smoke resulting in poor air quality has triggered respiratory issues for a number of people living in the region.
812	3	Despite creative efforts to tackle it, belief in conspiracy theories, alternative facts and fake news show no sign of abating. This is clearly a huge problem, as seen when it comes to climate change, vaccines and expertise in general – with anti-scientific attitudes  increasingly influencing politics.So why can’t we stop such views from spreading? My opinion is that we have failed to understand their root causes, often assuming it is down to ignorance.But new research, published in my book, Knowledge Resistance: How We Avoid Insight from Others, shows that the capacity to ignore valid facts has most likely had adaptive value throughout human evolution. Therefore, this capacity is in our genes today. Ultimately, realising this is our best bet to tackle the problem.So far, public intellectuals have roughly made two core arguments about our post-truth world. The physician Hans Rosling and the psychologist Steven Pinker argue it has come about due to deficits in facts and reasoned thinking – and can therefore be sufficiently tackled with education.Today, we are part of many groups and internet networks and can in some sense ‘shop around’ for new alliances if our old groups don’t like usMeanwhile, Nobel Prize winner Richard Thaler and other behavioural economists have shown how the mere provision of more and better facts often lead already polarised groups to become even more polarised in their beliefs.The conclusion of Thaler is that humans are deeply irrational, operating with harmful biases. The best way to tackle it is therefore nudging – tricking our irrational brains – for instance by changing measles vaccination from an opt-in to a less burdensome opt-out choice.Such arguments have often resonated well with frustrated climate scientists, public health experts and agri-scientists (complaining about GMO-opposers).Read our full mailing list consent terms hereRead our full mailing list consent terms hereStill, their solutions clearly remain insufficient for dealing with a fact-resisting, polarised society.Evolutionary pressuresIn my study, I interviewed eminent academics at the University of Oxford, London School of Economics and King’s College London, about their views. They were experts on social, economic and evolutionary sciences. I analysed their comments in the context of the latest findings on topics ranging from the origin of humanity, climate change and vaccination to religion and gender differences.It became evident that much of knowledge resistance is better understood as a manifestation of social rationality. Essentially, humans are social animals; fitting into a group is what’s most important to us. Often, objective knowledge-seeking can help strengthen group bonding – such as when you prepare a well-researched action plan for your colleagues at work.But when knowledge and group bonding don’t converge, we often prioritise fitting in over pursuing the most valid knowledge. In one large experiment, it turned out that both liberals and conservatives actively avoided having conversations with people of the other side on issues of drug policy, death penalty and gun ownership.This was the case even when they were offered a chance of winning money if they discussed with the other group. Avoiding the insights from opposing groups helped people dodge having to criticise the view of their own community.Similarly, if your community strongly opposes what an overwhelming part of science concludes about vaccination or climate change, you often unconsciously prioritise avoiding getting into conflicts about it. Those among the earliest humans who weren’t prepared to share the beliefs of their community ran the risk of being distrusted and even excludedThis is further backed up by research showing that the climate deniers who score the highest on scientific literacy tests are more confident than the average in that group that climate change isn’t happening – despite the evidence showing it is happening.And those among the climate concerned who score the highest on the same tests are more confident than the average in that group that climate change is happening.This logic of prioritising the means that get us accepted and secured in a group we respect is deep. Those among the earliest humans who weren’t prepared to share the beliefs of their community ran the risk of being distrusted and even excluded.And social exclusion was an enormous increased threat against survival – they could be killed by other groups or animals; or die because they had no one to cooperate with. These early humans therefore had much lower chances of reproducing. It therefore seems fair to conclude that being prepared to resist knowledge and facts is an evolutionary, genetic adaptation of humans to the socially challenging life in hunter-gatherer societies.Today, we are part of many groups and internet networks, to be sure, and can in some sense “shop around” for new alliances if our old groups don’t like us. Still, humanity today shares the same binary mindset and strong drive to avoid being socially excluded as our ancestors who only knew about a few groups.The groups we are part of also help shape our identity, which can make it hard to change groups. Individuals who change groups and opinions constantly may also be less trusted, even among their new peers.In my research, I show how this matters when it comes to dealing with fact resistance. Ultimately, we need to take social aspects into account when communicating facts and arguments with various groups.This could be through using role models, new ways of framing problems, new rules and routines in our organisations and new types of scientific narratives that resonate with the intuitions and interests of more groups than our own.There are no quick fixes, of course. But if climate change were reframed from the liberal/leftist moral perspective of the need for global fairness towards conservative perspectives of respect for the authority of the father land, the sacredness of God’s creation and the individual’s right not to have their life project jeopardised by climate change, this might resonate better with conservatives.Taking social factors into account would help us create new and more powerful ways to fight belief in conspiracy theories and fake news. I hope my approach will stimulate joint efforts of moving beyond disputes disguised as controversies over facts and into conversations about what often matters more deeply to us as social beings.This article first appeared in The Conversation
723	4	"Wealthy communities will be able to buy their way out of the unfolding climate crisis while the poorest will suffer most, a UN report has found.Even under the unrealistic ""best-case"" scenario of 1.5C of warming by 2100, many millions of people will have to choose between starvation and migration, Philip Alston, the UN Special Rapporteur on extreme poverty and human rights warned.He predicted a split between those able to mitigate the worst effects of the warming planet and those with no means to avoid it, calling it a ""climate apartheid"". And he said the fallout from our rapidly warming climate would have dire implications for human rights and democracy.""What was once considered catastrophic warming now seems like a best-case scenario,"" Mr Alston said.""While people in poverty are responsible for just a fraction of global emissions, they will bear the brunt of climate change, and have the least capacity to protect themselves. “We risk a ‘climate apartheid’ scenario where the wealthy pay to escape overheating, hunger, and conflict while the rest of the world is left to suffer.Read our full mailing list consent terms hereRead our full mailing list consent terms here""Climate change is, among other things, an unconscionable assault on the poor.""He cited vulnerable New Yorkers being stranded without power or healthcare when Hurricane Sandy hit in 2012, while ""the Goldman Sachs headquarters was protected by tens of thousands of its own sandbags and power from its generator"".The poorest half of the world’s population – 3.5 billion people – is responsible for just 10 per cent of carbon emissions, while the richest 10 per cent are responsible for around half of greenhouse gases. And a person in the wealthiest 1 per cent uses 175 times more carbon than one in the bottom 10 per cent, an Oxfam report from 2015 found.There have been some positive developments, with renewable energy prices falling, coal becoming uncompetitive, emissions declining in 49 countries, and 7,000 cities, 245 regions, and 6,000 companies committing to climate mitigation.However, despite ending its reliance on coal, China – the world's biggest polluter – is still exporting coal-fired power plants and is failing to crack down on its own methane emissions.Meanwhile Brazil's Jair Bolsonaro plans to open up the Amazon rainforest for mining, end demarcation of indigenous lands, and weaken environmental protection.Donald Trump has blamed other nations for the crisis despite the US being the world's second biggest polluter. “China, India, Russia, many other nations, they have not very good air, not very good water, and the sense of pollution. If you go to certain cities … you can’t even breathe, and now that air is going up … They don’t do the responsibility,"" he said in an interview earlier in June.Mr Alston also criticised the ""patently inadequate"" steps taken by UN human rights bodies to address the climate crisis, saying the ""incremental"" progress was ""entirely disproportionate to the urgency and magnitude of the threat"".""Ticking boxes will not save humanity or the planet from impending disaster,"" he concluded."
249	4	"Three days before the start of the UN climate conference in Madrid, people have taken to the streets on Friday in 2,400 cities across 157 countries to protest government inaction on climate change.The Fridays for Future movement said it thought some 100,000 climate strikers would participate in more than 500 demonstrations across Germany. Their demands include:German climate package under fireThousands of protesters gathered in front of Berlin's Brandenburg Gate to voice dissatisfaction with a perceived lack of urgency on the part of the government. Some 50,000 people took part, demanding a ""new start"" for the government's climate policy. Young activists in Berlin also took a dip in the city's Spree River to demonstrate their desire for more action. As protests got underway, Germany's upper house of parliament, the Bundesrat, passed a raft of measures aimed at cutting emissions. The legislation imposes obligations on government departments, forces a rise in fossil fuel prices and reduces the price of rail tickets in an effort to reduce travel by air and car.Read more: Coping with climate anxiety on a warming planetClara Meyer, from the Fridays for Future movement, told DW the measures did not go far enough.""The problem is that it doesn't actually target or tackle the problem,"" Meyer said. ""We need a much higher CO2 tax. We see this climate change package as basically just an embarrassment.""Global protests open in AustraliaActivists and schoolchildren in Australia opened the day of protests by picketing the headquarters of the ruling conservative Liberal Party. Protesters directed their opposition at Australia's Prime Minister Scott Morrison, who has denied that there is any link between his government's climate change policies and bush fires sweeping large parts of the country.In Japan, hundreds marched through Tokyo's Shinjuku district to show their support for the Fridays for Future movement.The country has itself been hit by weather extremes in recent years, with increasingly frequent typhoons, and hotter weather. In October, Typhoon Hagibis ripped through central and north-eastern parts of the country, killing scores of people.The protests took place as negotiators from some 200 countries prepared to meet for the COP25 climate conference in Madrid. Participants are seeking clearer rules on how to meet the requirements of the 2015 Paris agreement on climate change.The European Parliament on Thursday voted to declare an EU-wide climate emergency. The resolution called on the bloc to cut emissions by 55% by 2030 and become climate neutral by 2050.rc/rt (dpa, Reuters, AFP, AP)Every evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here."
20	3	"Climate change has many devastating effects on all animals but one of those has just been highlighted in a heartbreaking segment of a new Netflix show.Netflix's recently released show Our Planet, narrated by David Attenborough, highlights the plight of the walrus, increasingly forced onto shore as sea ice dwindles.Footage on the show gives viewers a shocking look at how walruses are struggling with climate change.In the programme, the walruses can be seen becoming disoriented, due to their poor eyesight out of water as well as the shrinking ice, scaling cliffs and often plummeting to their deaths when trying to return to sea.In one disturbing clip, walruses can be seen perched precariously on a rocky cliff edge, contemplating how they'll join the other walruses to find food, as Attenborough explains.""A walrus' eyesight out of water is poor,"" Attenborough says.""But they can sense the others down below. As they get hungry, they need to return to the sea.""In their desperation to do so, hundreds fall from heights they should never have scaled.""Walruses rely heavily on sea ice to rest in between hunting for food. As such, they are one of the biggest victims of the effects of climate change in the Arctic."
744	3	t’s easy to become numb to stories about climate change. The headlines become more and more dramatic, the conclusions more terrifying, but it’s such a big, unwieldy topic, and who has time to be constantly worried about environmental Armageddon?Hailed by the scientific community as a true game changer, a moment for the history books, a new climate report from the UN may have what it takes to pierce this climate apathy.Read our full mailing list consent terms hereRead our full mailing list consent terms hereIt’s not because the conclusions are particularly new. As the report is based on thousands of existing scientific studies, followers of environmental news will already be familiar with stories of coral dying, sea ice melting and Pacific islanders forced from their ancestral homes.
250	4	Not long ago, many Republican officeholders had a simple answer when asked about the changing climate: What changing climate?But the public began to notice the heat waves and the torrential rains and the tidal flooding. So then we had the “I am not a scientist” phase, with one lawmaker after another fending off climate questions with that formula.That drew such ridicule that Republicans critical of climate science had to come up with a more nuanced answer. Several variations on the new approach were on display recently during confirmation hearings for some of President Trump’s cabinet nominees.“Science tells us that the climate is changing and human activity in some manner impacts that change,” Scott Pruitt, the Oklahoma attorney general nominated to run the Environmental Protection Agency, told a Senate committee. “The human ability to measure with precision the extent of that impact is subject to continuing debate and dialogue, as well they should be.”transcripttkLet us ponder the craftsmanship of that second sentence.“With precision” is the key phrase, of course, and it renders the statement almost axiomatically true. Do we have trouble taking the precise temperature of an entire planet and then divining, for a given period, exactly how much of the change in that temperature is caused by human activities?Well, yes.Anybody who did not know better might come away thinking there is room to doubt whether humans are the main cause of global warming. Mr. Pruitt did not actually say that, of course — nowadays, hard-core climate denial provokes a furious response from Democrats in Congress and mild protest even from a few Republicans.Thus Mr. Pruitt and the other Trump nominees labored to avoid overt denial while signaling to their allies that there is enough doubt to justify inaction on emissions or even rolling back steps the Obama administration took.“They’re just trying not to look crazy, because if they look too crazy, then Susan Collins” — a Republican senator from Maine — “and a few of the moderate Republicans might jump ship,” said Raymond T. Pierrehumbert, an American climate scientist who holds a chair at Oxford University, in Britain.In interviews, Dr. Pierrehumbert and several other experts said the public should not be fooled. The deep consensus among climate scientists, arrived at through decades of research, is that human activity is the cause of most of the planetary warming of recent decades, and probably all of it.What is the evidence?For starters, an unassailable body of physics tells us that if you add carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases to the atmosphere, they will trap extra heat near the surface of the planet, a prediction so basic it was first made in the 19th century.“People have been trying, but nobody has really shaken the foundations of the theory in all that time,” Dr. Pierrehumbert said.Emissions have soared in the modern era, and as predicted, the Earth is heating up. That would be obvious just from all the land ice that is melting, but of course, we have had thermometers for centuries now. They show that the Earth has warmed roughly 2 degrees Fahrenheit since the late 19th century, a large number for the surface of a planet.Donald Trump and his cabinet have sent mixed signals on some big environmental decisions they face. Take this quiz and see where the different possible choices lead.With just those facts, you have a powerful circumstantial case that human activities are the cause of global warming. But we have more: Sophisticated computer analyses of the climate confirm it, finding that no factor other than the human release of greenhouse gases is large enough to explain the recent warming.What are the soft spots in the theory?The biggest is that natural factors could in principle be causing the climate to change, as Mr. Pruitt implied. Suppose, for example, that the sun were to start putting out a lot more radiation; that would definitely warm the Earth.But we have satellites keeping a close eye on the sun, and it has not changed nearly enough to be the culprit. Scientists have looked closely at all the possible natural factors, in fact, and they are not adequate to explain the warming.“Of all the natural drivers, and everything we know that works on long time scales that has ever affected climate in the past, all those things have been ruled out,” said Drew Shindell, an atmospheric scientist at Duke University. “Beyond a reasonable doubt, it has to be human activities.”The issue can be overwhelming. The science is complicated. We get it. This is your cheat sheet.The most important uncertainties are not really about the cause of global warming — we are the cause — but in trying to forecast how big the coming changes will be.If emissions continue at a high level but the Earth turns out to be less sensitive to greenhouse gases than currently believed, that would give humanity a few extra decades to come to grips with the situation. But it is not a get-out-of-jail-free card: If we keep burning fossil fuels in that time, scientists say the planet will still undergo profound, threatening changes.On the other hand, if the Earth turns out to be especially sensitive to the gases and if we permit runaway emissions growth, some research suggests that huge parts of the world could eventually get so hot as to be uninhabitable by large mammals.Recall that the large mammals include human beings. “People tend to think of climate change as not being of the same magnitude as nuclear warfare, but at the high end, it’s arguably worse,” Dr. Pierrehumbert said.So, despite some genuine uncertainties, the risks are extraordinary, and the moral case for action is pretty clear: We have to get to zero emissions, the sooner the better. Mr. Trump’s nominees have so far displayed scant willingness to come to grips with that.Perhaps surprisingly, though, the congressional hearings did offer glimmers of hope.Rex W. Tillerson, who won confirmation on Wednesday as Mr. Trump’s secretary of state, implied that he might try to keep the nation committed to a big international deal on climate change reached in Paris in 2015.But the most interesting statements came from Rick Perry, Mr. Trump’s nominee to head the Department of Energy. Under questioning, Mr. Perry, the former Texas governor, was surprisingly positive about the role the federal government might play in developing advanced clean-energy technology.Many people — Bill Gates among them — see this as the most urgent issue. Renewable energy and greater use of natural gas are helping lower emissions in the short run, but if we do not invest heavily in research and development now, we may not have the technology we will eventually need to get to zero emissions.People like Mr. Gates and the entrepreneur Elon Musk are working on Mr. Trump. If the president’s mind is really open on global warming, as he said after the election, perhaps he could also sit down with a few of our brightest climate scientists.“If we always have to go back and debate the facts, we’re never going to get to the solutions,” said Ken Caldeira, a California climate expert who has helped to educate Mr. Gates. “Can’t we at least start with the facts and go from there?”
94	3	It has long been predicted that Venice will become an underwater city and the invasion of brackish lagoon water into St. Mark's Basilica this summer is a reminder that the projection could eventually become the Italian city's future.Tides more than 16 feet high rushed through Venice in August, a month that typically does not see flooding, sparking fears about the worsening impact of climate change.Rising sea levels are increasing the frequency of high tides that flood the 1,600-year-old Italian lagoon city, which is also gradually sinking. Venice is particularly vulnerable to climate change due to its unique topography of long pointed wooden poles that were driven straight down into the seafloor, along with its 117 canals that flow through the ancient city. Venice's worse-case scenario for sea level rise by the end of the century is a startling three feet, 11 inches, according to a new study published by the European Geosciences Union. That is 50 percent higher than the worse-case global sea-rise average of two feet, seven and a half inches forecast by the United Nations science panel.It is the fate of coastal cities like Venice that will be on the minds of climate scientists and global leaders meeting in Glasgow, Scotland, at a UN climate conference that begins October 31.Scroll down for videos It has long been predicted that Venice will become an underwater city and the invasion of brackish lagoon water into St. Mark´s Basilica this summer (pictured) is a reminder that the projection could eventually become the Italian city's futureThe city's interplay of canals and architecture, of natural habitat and human ingenuity, has earned it recognition as a UNESCO World Heritage site for its outstanding universal value, a designation put at risk of late because of the impact of over-tourism and cruise ship traffic. It escaped the endangered list after Italy banned cruise ships from passing through St. Mark´s Basin, but alarm bells are still ringing.Sitting at Venice's lowest spot, St. Mark's Basilica offers a unique position to monitor the impact of rising seas on the city. The piazza outside floods at around 30 inches, and water passes the narthex into the church at 34.5 inches, which has been reinforced up from a previous 25.5 inches.Tides more than 16 feet high rushed through Venice in August (pictured), a month that is typically does not see flooding, sparking fears about the worsening impact of climate changeExceptional floods over four feet, seven inches are also accelerating . Two-thirds of those have been registered in the last 20 years, with five, or one-fifth of the total, from November 12 through December 23, 2019 Picture was taken on November 15, 2019 and shows a view of flooded St. Mark's Square 'Conditions are continuing to worsen since the flooding of November 2019. We therefore have the certainty that in these months, flooding is no longer an occasional phenomenon. It is an everyday occurrence,' St. Mark´s chief caretaker, Carlo Alberto Tesserin, told The Associated Press.In the last two decades, there have been nearly as many inundations in Venice over three feet- the official level for 'acqua alta,' or 'high water,' provoked by tides, winds and lunar cycles - as during the previous 100 years: 163 vs. 166, according to city data.Exceptional floods over four feet, seven inches are also accelerating - a mark has been hit 25 times since Venice starting keeping such records in 1872. Two-thirds of those have been registered in the last 20 years, with five, or one-fifth of the total, from November 12 through December 23, 2019.'What is happening now is on the continuum for Venetians, who have always lived with periodic flooding,' said Jane Da Mosto, executive director of We Are Here Venice. A man indicates salts on the St. Mark's Basilica's inside wall, in Venice, Italy, Thursday, Oct. 7, 2021. Lashing winds that pushed nearly 6 feet 2 inches of water into Venice in November 2019 and ripped the lead tiles off St. Mark's Basilica for the first time ever shocked Venetians with the city's second-worst flood in history,A view of the damaged St. Mark's Basilica's mosaic floor, in Venice, Italy, Thursday, Oct. 7, 2021'We are living with flooding that has become increasingly frequent, so my concern is that people haven't really realized we are in a climate crisis. 'We are already living it now. It is not a question of plans to deal with it in the future. We need to have solutions ready for today.'Venice´s defense has been entrusted to the Moses system of moveable underwater barriers, a project costing around nearly $7 billion (6 billion euros) and which, after decades of cost overruns, delays and a bribery scandal, is still officially in the testing phase.Following the devastation of the 2019 floods, the Rome government put the project under ministry control to speed its completion, and last year start activating the barriers when floods of four feet, three inches are imminent.The barriers have been raised 20 times since October 2020, sparing the city a season of serious flooding but not from the lower-level tides that are becoming more frequent.The extraordinary commissioner, Elisabetta Spitz, stands by the soundness of the undersea barriers, despite concerns by scientists and experts that their usefulness may be outstripped within decades because of climate change. The project has been delayed yet again, until 2023, with another $500 million in spending, for 'improvements' that Spitz said will ensure its long-term efficiency.'We can say that the effective life of the Moses is 100 years, taking into account the necessary maintenance and interventions that will be implemented,´´ Spitz said.The damage at columns in St. Mark's Basilica's in Venice, Italy, is seen in this photo taken on Oct. 7, 2021A damaged column in St. Mark's Basilica in Venice, Italy, Thursday, Oct. 7, 2021Paolo Vielmo, an engineer who has written expert reports on the project, points out that the sea level rise was projected at eight and a half inches when the Moses was first proposed more than 30 years ago, far below the UN scientists´ current worse-case scenario of a little more than two feet.'That puts the Moses out of contention,' he said.According to current plans, the Moses barriers won't be raised for floods of three feet, seven inches until the project receives final approval. That leaves St. Mark's exposed.Tesserin is overseeing work to protect the Basilica by installing a glass wall around its base, which eventually will protect marshy lagoon water from seeping inside, where it deposits salt that eats away at marble columns, wall cladding and stone mosaics. The project, which continues to be interrupted by high tides, was supposed to be finished by Christmas. It is the fate of coastal cities like Venice that will be on the minds of climate scientists and global leaders meeting in Glasgow, Scotland, at a UN climate conference that begins October 31. Picture was taken in 2020 Now Tesserin says they will be lucky to have it finished by Easter.Regular high tides elicit a blasé response from Venetians, who are accustomed to lugging around rubber boots at every flood warning, and delight from tourists, fascinated by the sight of St. Mark´s golden mosaics and domes reflected in rising waters. But businesses along St. Mark´s Square increasingly see themselves at ground zero of the climate crisis.'We need to help this city. It was a light for the world, but now it needs the whole world to understand it,´ said Annapaola Lavena, speaking from behind metal barriers that kept waters reaching three feet, five inches) from invading her marble-floored café.
103	5	Eating less meat is 'essential' to ensure future demand for food can be met and 'dangerous' climate change avoided, experts have warned.A study by leading university researchers in Cambridge and Aberdeen found food production alone could exceed targets for greenhouse gas emissions in 2050 if current trends continue.Population growth and the global shift towards 'meat-heavy Western diets' has meant increasing agricultural yields will not meet projected food demands for an expected 9.6 billion world population in 30 years, according to the researchers.Researchers in Cambridge and Aberdeen say food production could cause targets for greenhouse gas emissions to be exceeded in 2050. Meat-heavy diets mean that project food demands will not be met for an expected 9.6 billion world population in 30 yearsIncreased deforestation, fertiliser use and livestock methane emissions are likely to cause greenhouse gas emissions from food production to rise by almost 80 per cent, experts from the University of Cambridge and University of Aberdeen found.A report released earlier this year came to similar conclusions, that emissions from agriculture threaten to keep increasing as global meat and dairy consumption increases.If agricultural emissions are not addressed, nitrous oxide from fields and methane from livestock may double by 2070. This alone would make meeting the climate target essentially impossible.'We have shown that reducing meat and dairy consumption is key to bringing agricultural climate pollution down to safe levels,' said Chalmers University of Technology, Sweden.'Broad dietary change can take a long time. We should already be thinking about how we can make our food more climate friendly.'By 2050, estimates indicate that beef and lamb will account for half of all agricultural greenhouse gas emissions, while only contributing three per cent of human calorie intake.Cheese and other dairy products will account for about one quarter of total agricultural climate pollution. Lead researcher Bojana Bajzelj, from the University of Cambridge's department of engineering, said: 'Agricultural practices are not necessarily at fault here - but our choice of food is.'It is imperative to find ways to achieve global food security without expanding crop or pastureland.'Food production is a main driver of biodiversity loss and a large contributor to climate change and pollution, so our food choices matter.'He added: 'Cutting food waste and moderating meat consumption in more balanced diets, are the essential 'no-regrets' options.'According to the study in Nature Climate Change, current trends in food production will mean that by 2050 cropland will have expanded by 42 per cent and fertiliser use increased by 45 per cent over 2009 levels.A further tenth of the world's pristine tropical forests would disappear over the next 35 years, it said.Increased deforestation, fertiliser use and livestock methane will raise emissions by up to 80 per cent. The experts say better global food security without using more land is needed to mitigate global warmingThe study's authors tested a scenario where all countries were assumed to have an 'average' balanced diet - without excessive consumption of sugars, fats, and meat products.The average balanced diet used in the study was a 'relatively achievable goal', the researchers said, which included two 85-gram (0.2 pounds) portions of red meat and five eggs per week, as well as a portion of poultry a day.'This significantly reduced the pressures on the environment even further,' they said.Co-author Professor Pete Smith, from the University of Aberdeen, said: 'Unless we make some serious changes in food consumption trends, we would have to completely de-carbonise the energy and industry sectors to stay within emissions budgets that avoid dangerous climate change.'That is practically impossible - so, as well as encouraging sustainable agriculture, we need to re-think what we eat.'Cambridge co-author Prof Keith Richards said: 'This is not a radical vegetarian argument; it is an argument about eating meat in sensible amounts as part of healthy, balanced diets.
342	4	Six weeks into free trade talks between New Zealand and the United Kingdom, Stuff sat down with British High Commissioner Laura Clarke to talk about food exports and climate change. [We’ve edited the interview for length]. How might climate change come into a trade deal? There’s a couple of areas: {we’re interested in) how you use trade agreements to advance research and development, how do you use it to push green growth and businesses and industries focussed on green growth... and we’re interested in looking at the provisions New Zealand has set out in its Agreement on Climate Change, Trade and Sustainability for reducing tariffs on environmental goods, removing subsidies on fossil fuels, and making sure there is correct eco-labelling.  We are really trying to use these agreements to progress our [Paris Agreement] commitments.  I’ve heard people say that if New Zealand doesn’t cut agricultural emissions, it will affect our ability to negotiate trade agreements with the EU and the UK. Do you see trade as being conditional on that? It’s a really big challenge for New Zealand, and we acknowledge that agricultural emissions are a bigger proportion of New Zealand’s overall emissions than they are of the UK’s emissions.  But we have got, volumetrically, much more methane and agricultural emissions than New Zealand does. What’s interesting is that we have legislated for net zero emissions for all emissions and New Zealand has its Zero Carbon Act with a [different target] for methane. That’s something we talk about and are very interested in.  I wouldn’t want to suggest we were thinking about conditionality.  Do you think there is buy-in for New Zealand’s idea that we can have separate targets for methane and carbon dioxide, rather than getting to net zero for all gases? Tricky territory. I would just say the UK’s position is that we have legislated for net zero greenhouse gas emissions. We are keen to work with countries all over the world that have as ambitious NDCs (Paris targets) as possible). Don’t get me wrong, I think New Zealand has done an extraordinary job with the Zero Carbon Act and has set in place a mechanism by which that ambition on the agricultural side can be increased. You’ve got provision – drawing on the expertise of the Climate Change Commission -- to increase ambition on methane, and to me that is a very sensible way forward.  It’s important we don’t let the best be the enemy of the good. We each take an approach that suits our own political and economic conditions.  What benefits do you think might come out of a deal? What’s clear is that the world is going to need more food.  So if you can manage it so that it’s not a competition --- between either your Waikato lamb farmer or your Welsh lamb farmer -- and you are selling into third countries from these two countries that have similar standards and regulations and quality product [but different growth seasons], you could get a really good arrangement to supply third countries... all year round. The UK successfully cut emissions using a Zero Carbon Act and a Climate Change Commission, before New Zealand tried it.  New Zealanders sometimes argue it was easier for the UK, because it had so much coal-fired energy to cut.  But the UK has done quite a bit on transport and put a deadline on phasing out petrol vehicles. How has that gone down with people? You’re right that we’ve done a huge amount in terms of transport infrastructure, and a huge amount to encourage research and development, and move to electric vehicles and a huge amount on housing.  As we recover from Covid, we’re putting $5.5 billion into energy efficiency of homes and public buildings.  So, yes, there’s the low-hanging fruit, but there’s also medium-hanging fruit that is not that hard, like making houses energy-efficient and having energy labelling on houses, and making sure you do transition to electric vehicles.  Many Kiwis would say UK houses are already models of warmth and efficiency compared to ours… Well, you say that, but continental Europeans say we have really draughty houses. Germany and the Netherlands have had much better-insulated houses than us, and we’ve been catching up. I bought a little house in Hackney in my mid-twenties that had really draughty windows.  Do you have any insight into why it's been so hard to get policies across the line in New Zealand, such as boosting electric vehicles? In the UK, we have scale, and a domestic car industry to invest in, so it’s more readily available.  You sometimes come across the argument in New Zealand that, ‘We are such a tiny fraction of emissions, it doesn’t make a difference, and why should we, when every week a new coal-fired power station is coming online somewhere else in the world?’ No-one said, with tackling Covid, ‘What difference does it make if I don't bother to do social distancing or obey lockdown,’ everyone understood the importance of individual action and small community actions, and that it all adds up to a whole. It’s a field day for behavioural scientists to look at what can you learn from Covid and apply that to the big challenge of tackling climate change. What’s New Zealand’s medium-hanging fruit on climate change?  Building efficiency, cars and road transport, freight, shipping. I noted the Climate Change Commission was really interested in New Zealand replacing the Interislanders [with greener options] because shipping emissions are really large.
251	3	"David Hall speaks with Finn Hogan on Newshub Nation.  Credits: Newshub Nation. ""The shit is, increasingly, hitting the fan.""That's the blunt message from David Hall, senior researcher at AUT's Policy Observatory and editor of A Careful Revolution, a collection of essays about how New Zealand will soon be transformed by climate change.The UN estimates global emissions must be cut by 45 percent in 11 years to avoid locking the Earth into catastrophic levels of warming. Hall says reaching those targets means radical economic changes which will be forced on us if we don't choose to start adapting now. ""A revolution is inevitable over the next few decades. We're going to be experiencing a societal transformation on the scale of the agricultural revolution 10,000 years ago and the industrial revolution a couple of centuries ago."" Despite his confronting message Hall remains optimistic, stressing that climate despair is counterproductive and decisions made now can mitigate the inevitable disruption.""It's really a question of how we undertake that revolution and what choices we make in the way that the risks and opportunities are distributed amongst people.""Hall praised the Government's recently unveiled incentive scheme to get Kiwis into lower-emission vehicles, but he says it's only a step in the right direction. ""I think that's really vital and important... but there's still not enough on that project level - the actual, specific, local changes that we need to make."" The academic stressed that Government initiatives such as the One Billion Trees Programme and electric vehicle incentives have to be backed up by individual participation.""This is a collaborative effort that involves central and local government and involves companies and communities that involves iwi, it involves everybody taking making the most of the opportunities that are there.""Hall also rejects the idea that Kiwis are not prioritising climate change.""The thing I keep on coming up against is this idea that people don't care about climate change, and I just don't think that's borne out by the evidence."" He says the real problem often lies in how climate issues are communicated to the public.""There's a thought that if we just tell people more about climate change and we bombard them with facts then somehow they're all going to rationally pick up tools and change the world.""What that perspective misses is that people are embedded in very complicated systems of economy and politics... the organisations we work in have a lot of momentum and a lot of inertia, and making these changes is a difficult process.""Despite the revolutionary tone of his book, Hall doesn't advocate declaring a climate emergency. ""I think that a lot of the calls that we've been seeing recently for a climate emergency are a reflection of a wider crisis of representative democracy that we've seen kick-off around the world.""Hall says while he understands the frustration of climate activists who feel their governments are moving too slowly, the politics of emergency could end up backfiring. ""The swiftest and most compelling transition is going to be one that brings everybody along with it... it just isn't obvious that working through emergency and and taking hard decisions without people's buy in is going to get us there.""That way of doing politics necessarily triggers resistance, revolts and perhaps even counter-revolutions."""
912	3	"Climate scientists sometimes talk about something called ""climate departure"" as a way of measuring when climate change has really changed things. It's the moment when average temperatures, either in a specific location or worldwide, become so impacted by climate change that the old climate is left behind. It's a sort of tipping point. And a lot of cities are scheduled to hit one very soon.A city hits ""climate departure"" when the average temperature of its coolest year from then on is projected to be warmer than the average temperature of its hottest year between 1960 and 2005. For example, let's say the climate departure point for D.C. is 2047 (which it is). After 2047, even D.C.'s coldest year will still be hotter than any year from before 2005. Put another way, every single year after 2047 will be hotter than D.C.'s hottest year on record from 1860 to 2005. It's the moment when the old ""normal"" is really gone.A big study, just published in the scientific journal Nature, projected that the Earth, overall, passes climate departure in 2047. The study also projects the year of climate departure in dozens of specific cities. Here, from The Post's graphics team, is a map of their findings:The cities marked by dark red dots are projected to hit climate departure really, really soon. Bad news: Many of these are the most vulnerable to the effects of climate change. Lagos, Africa's largest city, with a population 21 million and rising, is already vulnerable to flooding. It's got only 16 years before it hits climate departure. Also vulnerable are Caribbean cities such as Kingston, Jamaica, which passes the tipping point in 2023.The light red cities have a bit more time but are some of the most worrying cases, including megacities in China and India, not to mention the major urban centers of the Middle East. Food insecurity and drought are difficult issues in many of these areas. The fact that these cities pass climate departure so soon is a scary reminder of how rapidly they're going to feel the effects of climate change.Temperate cities in Europe and the United States look a bit better, but we're talking about a difference of maybe 20 years separating Western capitals from Kingston or Lagos. In the long run, 20 years is not much of a difference. The study published in Nature projects 2047 for Washington, D.C., and New York City -- just 34 years from now. Los Angeles will hit the mark the next year and San Francisco the year after. Even the best-off cities, such as Moscow and Oslo, have just 50 years before passing the milestone. That feels like a long time right now, but in historical terms it's not.As Christopher Field, who directs the Department of Global Ecology at the Carnegie Institution for Science and was part of this study's research team, told my colleague Lenny Bernstein, ""The boundary of passing from the climate of the past to the climate of the future really happens surprisingly soon.""The good news is that, while it's too late to stop the world or any of its cities from passing the point of climate departure, we can slow the process -- and thus significantly mitigate the effects of climate change. Here's what that map would look like, according to the Nature study's projections, if the world can substantially bring down carbon dioxide emissions:It looks a little better! The world average, in this hypothetical version, would pass climate departure in 2069. D.C. would pass it in 2071. As a sign of how deeply the climate is already changing, though, Kingston would still hit it in 2028 -- a delay of only five years.You can see a larger, interactive version of the map here."
632	3	A British expedition to Antarctica to study ice cap melting and the impact of global warming on penguin colonies will be joined by Sky News amid warnings that 2020 is the world’s “last chance” to act on the issue. Scientists have struggled to count the emperor penguin population until now, utilising satellite imagery to get a more accurate number which they now believe to be twice as many as previously thought.The expedition will seek to determine the damage done to Antarctica’s ice caps as the emperor penguins need the sea ice to breed.The space needed to sustain this population will become smaller and smaller as Antarctica has lost three trillion tons of ice over the last 25 years, and half of that has been lost in the last five years.
191	4	Proposals by the European Union to establish a “carbon border tax” will stymie the global community’s willingness to take joint action against climate change, China said on Wednesday.The EU’s new climate commissioner Frans Timmermans said in October that research would begin on the new tax, which is aimed at protecting European firms from unfair competition by raising the cost of products from countries that fail to take adequate action against climate change.At a briefing on Wednesday, Zhao Yingmin, China’s vice environment minister warned Europe’s proposals, together with the decision by US President Donald Trump to withdraw from the 2015 Paris agreement, would seriously harm international efforts to tackle global warming.“We need to send a strong political signal to uphold multilateralism,” he said. “We need to prevent unilateralism and protectionism from hurting global growth expectations and the will of countries to combat climate change together.”Any border tax would probably increase the price of Chinese goods in the European market, and Beijing believes it would violate a core principle of the Paris agreement on climate change, which says richer countries should bear the greater responsibility for cutting emissions.As part of its national commitments to the fight against global warming, China – the world’s largest emitter of climate-warming greenhouse gas – has pledged to bring its emissions to a peak by “around 2030”.It has also cut levels of carbon intensity – the amount produced per unit of economic growth – by 48.5 percent from 2005 to 2018, two years before schedule, Zhao said.But the United States says the Paris accord is unfair to US firms because it does not do enough to tackle emissions from competitors in China and India.China’s total annual emissions stood at approximately 14 gigatonnes in 2018, according to a study published by the United Nations this week, more than twice the US level. China’s per capita emissions are about the same as Japan and the European Union.China was also making progress on its long-awaited efforts to build a nationwide carbon-trading platform, Li Gao, head of the climate change office at the environment ministry, told the briefing, although he did not give a timeframe.China pledged to launch the platform in 2017 as part of its Paris commitments, but it has faced a series of technical difficulties.
670	4	The release last week of the OECD’s Going for Growth 2021 report on Australia provided a needed reality check for those thinking Australia’s economy is the envy of the rest of the world. But more importantly, it reminded us of just how poorly Australia is dealing with climate change.There is no doubt in a general sense that Australia has coped well with the pandemic.We made use of our natural advantage of being an island nation to largely prevent outbreaks. The latest labour force figures revealed the hours worked per capita is back to e pre-pandemic levels:Graph not displaying properly? Click hereThere remain concerns – the figures don’t yet include the impact of the end of jobkeeper – but, it’s a damn nice position to be in given the past 12 months.And then along comes the OECD to rain on our parade by reminding us that those issues that were there before the pandemic have not gone away.In its 2021 Going for Growth note, the OECD notes that while our employment rate is high, our GDP per capita is 9% below the top half of the OECD nations, and our productivity is 15% below that level:Graph not displaying properly? Click hereAnd then there is inequality. In that regard, we are among the worst in the OECD:Graph not displaying properly? Click hereNow all these economic aspects are worthy of attention, but what also sticks out in the OECD’s note, and which mostly gets lost across coverage that pure economic aspects, is the damning assessment of Australia’s position on climate change.The OECD notes, with a large degree of common sense utterly lacking from our politics, that “severe drought and catastrophic bushfires emphasized the need to act on climate mitigation policies”.They also note that “adopting and implementing an integrated national energy and climate policy framework for 2030 would help achieve the goals of the Paris Climate Agreement”.Gee, ya think?As it is, the OECD graciously notes that our greenhouse gas emissions “are high but have decreased in recent years”. They kindly neglect to point out that so have everyone else’s in the OECD:Graph not displaying properly? Click hereOur economy also remains one of the most highly dependent upon greenhouse gases. And yes, that has reduced, but again, so has everyone else’s – and at a faster rate.At the start of the century Australia’s level of emissions per $1,000 of GDP was 1.8 times that of the median nation in the OECD; now it is 2 times:Graph not displaying properly? Click hereOne reason is we remain incredibly dependent upon coal for our energy – almost as much as is China:Graph not displaying properly? Click hereThe good news is that when you exclude hydroelectricity (always a difficulty in this flat country of ours) our dependence upon non-combustible sources of energy such as solar and wind is around the average of the OECD.That’s good, but given our natural advantages in solar (something certainly lacking in countries like Canada), we really have little to congratulate ourselves on.The UK gets 20% of its electricity from wind, compared to our paltry 6.7%, which is lower than the US.It’s clear that electricity supply is not the only issue.Our road transport remains much more carbon-intensive than other nations in the OECD – and worse, while other nations are reducing their intensity, we are going the other way:Graph not displaying properly? Click hereIt’s almost like having a federal government utterly hostile towards electric vehicles and anything remotely connected with renewables is not a good thing.In the upcoming budget there will be talk about tax cuts and the need to lift productivity, and most likely big talk about women; but we know the only real efforts on climate change will likely be about a “gas-led” recovery as though gas is some magical non-emitting fossil fuel.Will there be much pressure from the opposition for the government to do anything?The new shadow minister for climate change and energy, Chris Bowen, said all the right things to Katharine Murphy on her podcast last week, if not actually detailing anything really close to actual policy specifics.But then the shadow minister for resources, Madeleine King, told The Australian on Monday that Labor was “absolutely not supportive one bit” of suggestions of a moratorium on new coalmines as well as the defeatist line (that could have been spoken by Scott Morrison or Peter Dutton or Angus Taylor) that “I aspire to net-zero emissions by 2050 but not every country is going to make it”.Now sure, you will argue, Labor need to say that or they will lose the next election (or at least that is what they have convinced themselves they need to say).But it also releases any pressure on the government doing anything, knowing that the ALP remains hamstrung on the policy such that shadow ministers will utter inanities such as “we all want a renewable ­energy future but it will not, cannot, happen overnight”.“Cannot” is rather different from “will not”.But then what seems to be lacking is the will rather than the ability.
42	4	President Obama's election night reference to global warming kindled a bit of hope among liberals that his administration might make a concerted effort to tackle the issue in its second term. And unless we all plan on getting used to an annual superstorm season, we should hope so. But here's a reminder, courtesy of a recent World Resources Institute report on coal consumption, that whatever the U.S. does to deal with climate change, our efforts will be for naught unless they're part of a global effort. Coal-fired power plants are the top contributor to worldwide greenhouse gas emissions, and the future of coal will not be decided, by and large, in the United States, which consumed about 13 percent of the worldwide total in 2010. Instead, it's in the hands of China, which burned up 46 percent of it. China is also responsible for almost 40 percent of all the new coal-fired power plant capacity that's been planned across the planet. Beijing says it wants to cap its total consumption at about 3.9 billion tons by 2015, though some analysts expect it to reach around 4.2 billion -- a 27 percent leap from where it is today. Meanwhile, India is also readying to install huge quantities of coal power capacity. Unless something can be done to limit usage in these developing giants, their growth is going to eclipse any reasonable U.S. carbon reductions.  This isn't an excuse for inaction here at home. If anything, taking steps to curb greenhouse gasses domestically would be a demonstration of good faith should the world's leaders ever try to hash out a new climate treaty. And without that sort of international cooperation, we're all sunk. We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
979	5	"        File photo: Physicist Stephen Hawking exits the stage during an announcement of the Breakthrough Starshot initiative with investor Yuri Milner in New York April 12, 2016. (REUTERS/Lucas Jackson) Earth could turn into a hothouse planet like Venus, with boiling oceans and acid rain, if humans don't curb irreversible climate change, physicist Stephen Hawking claimed in a recent interview.""We are close to the tipping point, where global warming becomes irreversible. Trump's action could push the Earth over the brink, to become like Venus, with a temperature of 250 degrees [Celsius], and raining sulfuric acid,"" he told BBC News, referring to the president's decision to pull the U.S. out of the Paris climate deal.But most climate experts say that scenario is a dramatic and implausible exaggeration: Relative to Venus, planet Earth is much farther from the sun and given its chemical makeup will never have such a thick carbon dioxide atmosphere, so it could not likely reach temperatures of 482 degrees Fahrenheit (250 degrees C) that Hawking described in the interview, they say. [Doomsday: 9 Real Ways the Earth Could End]However, the general trend of runaway and catastrophic climate change is a real concern, experts said.""Hawking is taking some rhetorical license here,"" Michael Mann, a climate scientist at the Pennsylvania State University, told Live Science in an email. ""Earth is further away from the sun than Venus and likely cannot experience a runaway greenhouse effect in the same sense as Venus — i.e. a literal boiling away of the oceans. However Hawking's larger point — that we could render the planet largely uninhabitable for human civilization if we do not act to avert dangerous climate change — is certainly valid.""Venus is the second planet from the sun and the brightest planet in the solar system; though the planet is named after the Roman goddess of love and desire, don't expect to take a trip to the balmy planet with your sweetheart anytime soon. Despite being the same size as Earth and having roughly the same gravity as our home planet, it's a far cry from our water-drenched planet. Venus is the hottest planet in the solar system, with temperatures reaching 870 degrees F (466 degrees C). The reason for these sweltering temperatures is Venus' thick carbon-dioxide atmosphere that is dotted with sulfuric acid clouds; the atmosphere traps much more heat than our own does. It is also much closer to the sun, meaning it absorbs much more solar radiation than Earth. Churning volcanoes add to Venus' reputation as an inferno. [7 of the Hottest Places on Earth]The leading theory about how Venus came to be such a hellscape is that the planet got caught in a feedback loop, wherein the planet absorbed more solar radiation than it released, causing more water vapor to get trapped in its atmosphere. That, in turn, led to greater heat absorption, and runaway warming (also called a runaway greenhouse effect).""Basically, Venus was in a state of heat stroke — the planet was in a warming state and it couldn't cool down,"" said Tyler Robinson, an astrobiologist at the University of Washington.Though most humans take for granted the relative constancy of an Earth-like climate, our planet has undergone dramatic changes in its 4.5-billion-year history. During the Great Oxygenation Event, around 2.5 billion years ago, photosynthetic cyanobacteria fueled a huge rise in oxygen in the atmosphere. Around 650 million years ago, the entire planet froze, in a phenomenon known as "" snowball Earth ."" And during the dinosaur age, the planet was, on average 18 degrees F (10 degrees C) hotter than it is now, with a carbon dioxide-rich atmosphere. And huge ""carbon excursions"" have led to massive extinctions in the past — such as the end-Permian extinction around 252 million years ago, when roughly 95 percent of sea life died out due to ocean acidification. [ Photo Timeline: How the Earth Formed ]So it's not unreasonable to contemplate the possibility of a runaway climate scenario, Robinson said. Still, most experts, including Robinson, see that possibility as incredibly unlikely.While in theory, a process similar to the one experienced on Venus could take place on Earth, the process would most likely occur over hundreds of millions of years, most experts believe, Robinson said. There are also very low odds that Earth's oceans could literally boil away like Venus' primeval oceans did, Robinson said.Earth, meanwhile, is protected from solar radiation by an atmosphere that is dramatically different from that of Venus.""Venus' atmosphere is about 100 times thicker than Earth's atmosphere, and composed almost entirely of CO2 [carbon dioxide],"" Robinson said. By contrast, Earth's atmosphere is mostly molecular nitrogen and oxygen, with less than 0.04 percent coming from carbon dioxide, Robinson told Live Science in an email. [ Infographic: Earth's Atmosphere from Top to Bottom ]Without a thick carbon dioxide atmosphere and the extra dose of solar radiation from the sun, only willful malice is likely to cause a runaway greenhouse scenario, said Kevin Zahnle, a space scientist at NASA Ames Research Center, who has analyzed runaway greenhouse projections for the planet.""There is no rational expectation of a runaway [greenhouse effect] in the facts as we know them,"" Zahnle told Live Science in an email.For one, there were much warmer climates on Earth in the relatively recent past, such as during the Eocene epoch (between 56 million and 34 million years ago), and no signs of a runaway greenhouse effect, Zahnle said. At that time, CO2 levels were likely three times higher than they are now. Even imagining a future with cars, planes and air conditioning on full blast, no climate projections predict such high levels of CO2 in our atmosphere, he said.""A runaway greenhouse effect is not in the cards,"" added Kevin Trenberth, a climate scientist at the National Center for Atmospheric Research in Boulder, Colorado.Of course, there is always the possibility of deliberate sabotage, Zahnle said.""Dr. Evil might consider an engineering solution akin to the engineering solutions proposed to terraform Mars , but the scale of the effort would be stupendous,"" Zahnle said. ""You'd need fluorocarbons — so Dr. Evil would need to create a worldwide religion dedicated to the sacred use of hairspray and underarm deodorants,"" Zahnle said. (In the past, some consumer aerosol products contained fluorocarbons, though the U.S. has banned the ingredients in the late 1970s.)Nontheless, Earth doesn't have to become like Venus for life on Earth to become hellish.The Paris Agreement aimed to keep warming below 3.6 degrees F (2 degrees C) compared with preindustrial temperatures, but even reaching that level for sustained periods could cause changes that are already underway to completely disrupt ecosystems and farming, Trenberth told Live Science. [ Trump Pulls Out of Paris Climate Deal: 5 Likely Effects ]""Trees will still grow but a different species is required. Or farming requires different crops,"" Trenberth said. ""That threatens the water and food supply.""Food and water don't need to vanish, they just need to fall below demand and chaos breaks out, he said. ""This sort of thing is increasingly likely after about 2050, as it is likely we will go through 2 degrees Celsius during that decade,"" Trenberth said.It is also theoretically possible for CO2 levels to go even higher, Robinson said. If humans were to burn every last bit of fossil fuel on the planet, CO2 levels could rise to almost 10 times their current levels, Robinson said.""Earth hasn't experienced CO2 levels this high in hundreds of millions of years, and the resulting sea-level change is likely hundreds of feet, so, say 'so long' to all your favorite coastal cities,"" Robinson said.Originally published on Live Science ."
682	4	"Watch: Rosie Gordon's report.  Credits: Newshub.The 2020 Budget has been labelled as a missed opportunity to tackle climate change. Despite millions being poured into the environment, there are calls for more money to ensure our new normal is a sustainable one. Auckland climate strikers were out in small numbers on Friday due to gathering restrictions. But they made their message loud and clear - they want a cleaner, greener economy.  One they don't believe the Government invested in when the Budget was released on Thursday.""They had an opportunity to rebuild and reshape the economy into one that ensured my generation and my grandkids' generation a safe future and sadly they didn't pull through,"" said one protestor.  But $1 billion is being spent on the environment -  including $430 million to create new jobs in regional environmental projects. There's also $300 million being spent on weed and pest control and $200 million for new biodiversity jobs with the Department of Conservation. Green Party co-leader James Shaw says the cash is not to be scoffed at.""This is the largest amount of money being put into the Budget pretty much in modern history,"" Shaw told Newshub. But Janet Stephenson, associate professor at Otago University's Centre for Sustainability, says it's not enough.""That's brilliant work but it's not taking us to a sustainable future, it's dealing with the problems we have created from a non-sustainable past,"" Dr Stephenson told Newshub.Dr Stephenson wants jobs created that will help us transition to a low-carbon future. And she's hoping some of the remaining budget money will go towards that.""We have not had an indication from the Government that that is the intention.""However there's still $20 billion in the Budget which is unallocated - so there's still time. Climate advocates are worried we've missed another opportunity - to continue the environmental benefits of lockdown.Under level 4, air quality massively improved in our major cities - but the shift to level 3 saw it bounce back almost entirely.With less traffic on the road under level 4, NIWA found air quality improved massively in some of our major cities.While it’s too soon to tell how the air is fairing in level 2, NIWA said the shift to level 3 saw air pollution bounce back almost entirely.  Activists are now hoping the Government will hear their calls and draw climate change into the COVID-19 rebuild. "
859	4	The climate crisis is pushing the planet’s tropical regions towards the limits of human livability, with rising heat and humidity threatening to plunge much of the world’s population into potentially lethal conditions, new research has found.Should governments fail to curb global heating to 1.5C above the pre-industrial era, areas in the tropical band that stretches either side of the equator risk changing into a new environment that will hit “the limit of human adaptation”, the study warns.Humans’ ability to regulate their body heat is dependent upon the temperature and humidity of the surrounding air. We have a core body temperature that stays relatively stable at 37C (98.6F), while our skin is cooler to allow heat to flow away from the inner body. But should the wet-bulb temperature – a measure of air temperature and humidity – pass 35C, high skin temperature means the body is unable to cool itself, with potentially deadly consequences.“If it is too humid our bodies can’t cool off by evaporating sweat – this is why humidity is important when we consider livability in a hot place,” said Yi Zhang, a Princeton University researcher who led the new study, published in Nature Geoscience. “High body core temperatures are dangerous or even lethal.”The research team looked at various historical data and simulations to determine how wet-bulb temperature extremes will change as the planet continues to heat up, discovering that these extremes in the tropics increase at around the same rate as the tropical mean temperature.This means that the world’s temperature increase will need to be limited to 1.5C to avoid risking areas of the tropics exceeding 35C in wet-bulb temperature, which is so-called because it is measured by a thermometer that has its bulb wrapped in a wet cloth, helping mimic the ability of humans to cool their skin by evaporating sweat.Dangerous conditions in the tropics will unfold even before the 1.5C threshold, however, with the paper warning that 1C of extreme wet-bulb temperature increase “could have adverse health impact equivalent to that of several degrees of temperature increase”. The world has already warmed by around 1.1C on average due to human activity and although governments vowed in the Paris climate agreement to hold temperatures to 1.5C, scientists have warned this limit could be breached within a decade.This has potentially dire implications for a huge swathe of humanity. Around 40% of the world’s population currently lives in tropical countries, with this proportion set to expand to half of the global population by 2050 due to the large proportion of young people in region. The Princeton research was centered on latitudes found between 20 degrees north, a line that cuts through Mexico, Libya and India, to 20 degrees south, which goes through Brazil, Madagascar and the northern reaches of Australia.Mojtaba Sadegh, an expert in climate risks at Boise State University, said the study does “a great job” of analyzing how rising temperatures “can render portions of the tropics uninhabitable in the absence of considerable infrastructure investments.”“If this limit is breached, infrastructure like cool-air shelters are absolutely necessary for human survival,” said Sadegh, who was not involved in the research. “Given that much of the impacted area consists of low-income countries, providing the required infrastructure will be challenging.”“Theoretically no human can tolerate a wet bulb temperature of above 35C, no matter how much water they have to drink,” he added.The study is just the latest scientific warning over severe dangers posed by heat. Extreme heatwaves could push parts of the Middle East beyond human endurance, scientists have found, with rising temperatures also posing enormous risks for parts of China and India.The global number of potentially fatal humidity and heat events doubled between 1979 and 2017, research has determined, with the coming decades set to see as many as 3 billion people pushed beyond the historical range of temperature that humans have survived and prospered in over the past 6,000 years.
987	5	The Monday release of a U.N. special report on limiting climate change to 1.5 degrees Celsius confirms what a long, hot summer of fire and storms has already told us. We’re not doing enough to combat climate change. Today, the 2018 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Science went to two economists, William D. Nordhaus and Paul M. Romer, whose work on economic growth and climate change helped change the way we think about climate economics.Climate politics are also changing, from a contest of who wins and loses to one of survival for communities and ways of life. This shift will require new approaches.More climate action than ever, but still not enoughThe impact of climate change is increasingly visible: more violent storms, more wildfires and more severe droughts. But the efforts to fight climate change are accelerating, too.Last year the world built more gigawatts of solar than of coal, gas and nuclear power combined. Last month California passed a law requiring utilities to have 100 percent renewable power by 2045. Britain emissions in 2016 were back to 1894 levels. With technologies such as offshore wind and electric cars reaching market-competitive prices, the potential for even more radical shifts in the economy is growing.We are decarbonizing faster than ever, but emissions are still rising. This paradox means that climate politics will become less distributional and more existential.“Distributional” politics refers to a contest over “who gets what, when, how.” This describes most climate politics today, including battles over whether to tax carbon or cap emissions, subsidies for different kinds of energy, and how much money wealthy countries should transfer to vulnerable nations.By “existential” we mean the contest over whose way of life gets to survive. Should we have coal mines (and therefore coal miners)? Should we have Miami Beach and the Marshall Islands, or should we have ExxonMobil and Chevron?This distinction matters because political behavior differs at opposite ends of the distributional-existential spectrum. No one fights harder than someone with no options left.How climate change is becoming existentialClimate politics is still largely a fight between environmentalists and the most vulnerable (like small islands), on the one hand, and fossil fuel producers and energy-intensive sectors on the other. But many other sectors will come under enormous climate pressures. Agriculture, insurance companies, coastal property holders and military bases are already feeling the impact. As the damage grows, expect these enormous interests to mobilize to protect their economic viability.Similarly, as efforts to decarbonize succeed and expand beyond the energy sector, whole industries will have to transform — or else disappear. In many parts of the world, coal is already in a fight for its life. As electrification and renewables expand, the future of gas and oil will dim, as will the regimes that depend on them such as Russia or Saudi Arabia. So too will energy-intensive sectors like aviation and shipping, as well as the cement, meat, dairy and other industries with large footprints of other greenhouse gases.To the extent these industries innovate themselves onto climate-neutral pathways, we may avoid existential politics. In the meantime, they pour money into preserving the status quo.That means climate politics is transforming from a skirmish between environmentalists and polluters to a battle royal involving nearly all swaths of society.Existential politics will require different solutionsSince at least the 2015 Paris agreement, many pro-climate countries and activists have pursued a “catalytic” strategy: set ambitious goals, mobilize front-runners to point the way for others and iterate over time.While relatively successful compared with previous years of gridlock, this strategy struggles with the hardest cases — industries, workers and countries with little to gain and a lot to lose from decarbonization.Rather than try to defeat vested interests, it might be easier to help them find a new way to survive. For example, activists are persuading some investors to shun fossil fuel companies, but how much effort is going into helping these companies reinvent themselves as green? The two strategies — divestment and diversification — are complementary.Indeed, the climate movement has arguably harmed itself by not paying enough early attention to generating alternatives for workers in carbon-intensive sectors. That’s why “just transition” — the notion that social groups that lose from decarbonization need to be treated fairly — is becoming a shibboleth of climate activists and will be a central theme at this year’s UN climate conference in coal-dependent Poland.Yet diversification and retraining can only go so far. Environmentalists might need to grit their teeth and accept compensation for fossil fuel asset holders. This goes against our ethical instincts, which dictate “the polluter pays” — not “let’s pay the polluter.” But these buyouts may be justified in pursuit of a larger goal. After all, this is exactly how Britain abolished slavery throughout its empire in the 19th century, with taxpayers transferring wealthy landowners the equivalent of 10 percent of GDP for the loss of their “property.”Early action is essentialThinking ahead about climate strategies will also pay off. Sectors such as insurance, real estate and agriculture will be hurt by climate change, and so they have reason to fight it. Because impacts are uncertain and in the future, we can expect them to fight hardest only when it is too late to prevent the worst effects of climate change. Instead, they will tend to seek short-term fixes like building sea walls or moving to more hospitable environments, or even more radical alternatives like geoengineering.Delaying action on climate will hurt the economy and create new demands on taxpayers for expensive, reactive measures. These outcomes can be avoided only to the extent climate-vulnerable interests can be mobilized before they feel the impact. NGOs and politicians might be more effective if they can mobilize groups like “Farmers against the next dust bowl” or “Palm Beach residents against hurricanes.”The climate is changing faster than ever. Our politics are about to as well.Thomas Hale is an associate professor in global public policy at the Blavatnik School of Government, University of Oxford. Follow him @thomasnhale Jessica F. Green is an associate professor in the Department of Political Science and School of the Environment, University of Toronto. Follow her @greenprofgreen Jeff D. Colgan is the Richard Holbrooke Associate Professor of Political Science and International and Public Affairs at Brown University. Follow him @JeffDColgan
92	3	Insulate Britain today compared people who do not act on climate change to those who were 'passive and indifferent to the rise of Nazi Germany' before the Holocaust.The eco zealots have blocked roads on 19 days since September 13, causing misery for drivers stuck in queues around London, Manchester, Birmingham and Dover.And they said today that anyone who is 'silent now 'on environment causes 'will be known as bystanders' like those in Germany who did not stand up to the Nazis. This morning, an Insulate Britain spokesman said in a tweet: 'Those who know and are silent now will be known as bystanders, just as those amongst the general population in Germany who were passive and indifferent to the rise of Nazi Germany and the escalating persecution that culminated in the Holocaust. #savelives.'However, amid a backlash, the group deleted this tweet less than two hours later and said instead: 'Those who know and are silent now will be remembered as painfully and cruelly as those who ignored the horrors of Nazi Germany.'Insulate Britain today compared people who do not act on climate change to those who were 'passive and indifferent to the rise of Nazi Germany' before the HolocaustIt comes after Justin Welby apologised last week after claiming that world leaders who fail to act on climate change could be worse than those who ignored the Nazis. A Campaign Against Antisemitism spokesman told MailOnline today: 'Comparisons to Nazi Germany risk trivialising the suffering and murder of the six million men, women and children who died at the hands of that regime.'Archbishop Welby did the right thing by issuing an unreserved apology.'It is startling that Insulate Britain should double down on the comparison and baselessly reference the Holocaust, which was a deliberate and systematic genocide, entirely different from the perceived climate apathy which the fringe group is protesting.'Insulate Britain will find that making such comparisons will not strengthen its cause.'And Olivia Marks-Woldman, chief executive of the Holocaust Memorial Day Trust, told MailOnline: 'We are always disturbed when people invoke Holocaust imagery to gain support for their causes.'We recognise that in some instances this is a well-meaning attempt to show a belief that a contemporary situation is on a par with the most appalling episode in our collective consciousness.The group deleted the original tweet and said instead: 'Those who know and are silent now will be remembered as painfully and cruelly as those who ignored the horrors of Nazi Germany''Unfortunately, it has become all-too common for some in our contemporary culture to trivialise the suffering of those who actually experienced the Holocaust by making inappropriate and insensitive comparisons. The murder of six million Jews simply for who they were is not a matter for glib analogies.'Social media users criticised the original tweet, including one who said: 'To compare the climate emergency with the Holocaust is shameful and wrong on every level.'Another Twitter user added: 'Yeah I'm on your side but this one is a bit too far. The only thing that compares to the Holocaust is the Holocaust.' And a third tweeted: 'Using the Holocaust analogy here is not going to do the cause any good, neither is repeatedly blocking roads over and over and over.'The Holocaust saw six million Jewish people murdered in ghettos, mass-shootings, in concentration camps and extermination camps during the Second World War.  At least 161 people have been involved in the roadblock protests with the Extinction Rebellion offshoot in the past two months and there have been at least 860 arrests.And up to 32 of the group's activists face up to two years in prison for breaching a High Court injunction by blocking traffic on motorways. Insulate Britain is demanding that every house in Britain be insulated by 2030, and last week the anger from observers turned to mockery when the group inadvertently blocked a truckload of insulation material by sitting down in Parliament Square. Yesterday, one of its spokesmen, Tracey Mallaghan, told Sky News of more planned protests, saying: 'What the public needs to understand is: we will keep fighting. 'We work on a week-by-week basis. Not one of us thought we'd get away with more than two or three weeks of this. We all, genuinely, were prepared to go to prison.'Just over a week ago, Greta Thunberg voiced support for the tactics of Insulate Britain, saying sometimes you have to 'p*** people off' to protect the environment. But their statement on the Holocaust today comes after Justin Welby was forced to apologise on Monday last week after claiming that world leaders who fail to act on climate change could be worse than those who ignored the Nazis.In a controversial interview, the Archbishop of Canterbury suggested that politicians who shirked the task of limiting global warming would 'allow genocide on an infinitely greater scale' than that committed by Hitler's regime. The Archbishop later issued an 'unequivocal apology' to Jewish people, admitting that it was 'not right' to make comparisons with the Nazis.The shocking comments came during an interview with the BBC's political editor Laura Kuenssberg in which he said that world leaders at the Cop26 summit would be 'cursed if they don't get this right'.Asked about his use of the term 'cursed', the Archbishop said he had 'consciously' used the word, adding: 'People will speak of them in far stronger terms than we speak today of the politicians of the 30s – of the politicians who ignored what was happening in Nazi Germany.'This will kill people all around the world for generations, and we will have no means of averting it.' Eco activists from Insulate Britain attempt to block traffic at Parliament Square last ThursdayAsked whether he was saying that failing to act on climate change would be worse than ignoring Hitler and allowing genocide to happen, Archbishop Welby went further, saying: 'It will allow a genocide on an infinitely greater scale.'I'm not sure there's grades of genocide but there's width of genocide. This will be genocide indirectly by negligence, recklessness, that will come back to us or to our children and grandchildren.' His comments sparked a fierce backlash, with Stephen Pollard, editor of The Jewish Chronicle newspaper, saying they were 'sickening'. 'I simply cannot comprehend how Welby can remain as a priest, let alone Archbishop,' he added.Yet, in a rare public retraction, the Archbishop later issued an 'unequivocal apology', saying he had been trying to 'emphasise the gravity of the situation facing us at Cop26'.Archbishop Justin Welby was forced to apologise last week after claiming that world leaders who fail to act on climate change could be worse than those who ignored the NazisPosting on Twitter, he added: 'It's never right to make comparisons with the atrocities brought by the Nazis and I'm sorry for the offence caused to Jews by these words.'Asked if the comments were appropriate, a spokesman for the Prime Minister said: 'It is up to individuals how they choose to frame the problem.
458	0	"Coastal erosion and sea level rises could become a ""fact of life"" for Canterbury residents - and that includes South Canterbury - as climate change begins to bite, but councils are adamant they have prepared for it.  National Institute of Water and Atmospheric Research (Niwa) climate scientist Scott Stephens said Caroline Bay's sea level is due to rise by a minimum of 30cm over the next 30 years, which will place greater pressure on infrastructure and on coastal properties.  ""Timaru is a coastal town, there are some fairly low-lying areas which will be vulnerable. Rather than big, really severe coastal flooding events, we will see a big increase in smaller flooding events,"" Stephens said. ""It's important to realise that coastal adaptation is going to be a difficult problem for councils, but it needs to happen, and it needs to be done on a local scale.""READ MORE: * Sea level rise expert delivers global warming warning * Powerful new supercomputer ready to provide glimpse into NZ's climate future * Sea inundation could affect nearly 25,000 Christchurch properties by 2120: new report Stephens' comments come in the wake of Local Government New Zealand (LGNZ) issuing a wide-ranging report on climate change and the potential effects on infrastructure. The report says local councils are facing a $5-8 billion bill to replace vital infrastructure lost to climate change in the next half-century. ""It's about picking a series of pathways,"" Stephens said. ""It's important that further development doesn't make the problem worse in the future. We need to be careful that we don't make decisions now that would make adaptation even more costly in the future."" Stephens said housing, in particular in coastal areas, will become increasingly fraught. ""As sea levels rise, we need to look at how we adapt our land use. It's really important that councils start to think about it now."" Timaru District Council group manager for infrastructure Ashley Harper said the council had a 50-year infrastructure plan in place as part of its long term planning processes. ""This underlines the importance of considering climate change effects in planning long life infrastructure. There are also effects from the planning point of view, which will be looked at as part of the District Plan Review,"" Harper said. ""Climate change is likely to have a wider range of effects than just sea level rises, ranging from coastal erosion to changes in weather patterns, and will have an effect on everything we do from planning and building to infrastructure. ""The majority of our infrastructure is positioned in a way that we can handle a moderate level of sea rise.""  Harper said the council provided data to the LGNZ report. ""We undertook a stocktake of various infrastructure, which shows that at a 1.5m sea level rise, around 3 km out of 1959km of our water supply pipelines and just over 2km out of 952km of our sealed roads would be impacted,"" Harper said.   ""Some of the earliest effects would be seen at Caroline Bay Beach, which sits at just above sea level, and would be one of the first areas affected by any rise in sea level."" Environment Canterbury chairman Steve Lowndes said  ""much of the work we do is understanding the effects of coastal hazards and the coastal drivers of those hazards, such as waves and storm tide levels"". ""We do this through our coastal monitoring programme (within the Coastal Hazards and Environment Programme in the Long-Term Plan), which involves intensive ongoing measuring of shoreline change and long-term collection of sea level and wave information in project partnership with NIWA,"" Lowndes said. Lowndes said ECan had a budget of $400,000 to monitor the effects of coastal hazards and the coastal drivers of those hazards, such as waves and storm tide levels.  ""Vulnerable areas in South Canterbury will be locations already experiencing coastal erosion, such as the Washdyke-Waitarakao/Seadown coast, Patiti Point, cliffs along St Andrews and the Morven-Glenavy coast."" St Andrews resident Daphne Staats said coastal erosion was a ""fact of life"" for her. ""It's usually after a good storm that the sea comes rising up that it starts eroding,"" Staats said. ""We'd tried planting stuff at the boundary. We had deep-rooted plants at the top of the cliff, but they're disappearing. There really isn't anything we can do. It's an ongoing thing. We were aware of the erosion issue before we bought the place five years ago."" Waimate District Council Assets Group Manager Dan Mitchell said the council was ""acutely aware of climate change"". ""Remarkably little council owned infrastructure is likely to be affected by sea level rise within the district. Climate change, and the associated higher intensity rain events, will undoubtedly lead to more surface flooding but this is being addressed through programmed renewals and our Infrastructure Strategy,"" Mitchell said.  Local Government New Zealand president and Dunedin mayor David Cull said he was concerned that councils and central Government had not adapted quickly enough to climate change. ""The cost of adaptation will be considerable. Communities are becoming more and more frightened about coastal erosion and sea level rises,"" he said. "
91	3	Crop yields in Britain will plummet if climate change causes vital ocean currents from the tropics to collapse — lowering temperatures by 6°F — a study has found.The so-called Atlantic Meridional Overturning Circulation (AMOC) brings heat from the tropics, making Britain warmer and wetter than it would otherwise be.Experts from the University of Exeter found that while a warming Britain would see boosted food production, the collapse of the AMOC would cripple arable farming. In this scenario, which would see reduced rainfall, the land area suitable for crops would shrink by a quarter, reducing yield values by around £346 million per year.Such a collapse — which experts refer to as passing a climate change 'tipping point' — would leave Britain cooler, drier and unsuitable for many crops, researchers found.Reduced rainfall would be the largest problem — and although irrigation could be used to compensate, the experts said that the costs of such would be prohibitive.Scroll down for videoCrop yields in Britain will plummet if climate change causes vital ocean currents from the tropics to collapse — lowering temperatures by 6°F — a study has found (stock image)'If the AMOC collapsed, we would expect to see much more dramatic change than is currently expected due to climate change,' said University of Exeter mathematician Paul Ritchie.'Such a collapse would reverse the effects of warming in Britain, creating an average temperature drop of 3.4°C [6.1°F] and leading to a substantial reduction in rainfall of 123 mm [4.8 inches] during the growing season,' he added.'These changes, especially the drying, could make most land unsuitable for arable farming.'According to experts, the AMOC — of which the Gulf Stream is a part — is one of the reasons why the average temperatures in Britain are typically warmer than many places at similar latitudes.For example, chilly south Alaska and Moscow are located at higher latitudes than Edinburgh in the UK.In their study, the researchers examined a 'fast and early' collapse of the AMOC. Although this scenario is currently considered to be of a ‘low-probability’, the AMOC has weakened by an estimated 15 per cent over the last 50 years.Worst-case scenarios must be considered when calculating risks, said University of Exeter earth system scientist Tim Lenton.'Any risk assessment needs to get a handle on the large impacts if such a tipping point is reached, even if it is a low-probability event,' he added.'The point of this detailed study was to discover how stark the impacts of AMOC collapse could be.'The collapse of the AMOC — which experts refer to as passing a climate change 'tipping point' — would leave Britain cooler, drier and unsuitable for many crops, researchers foundPrevious work by the team had warned of a possible 'cascade' of inter-related climate tipping points.Professor Lenton said that the new study reinforces the notion that 'we would be wise to act now to minimise the risk of passing climate tipping points.'Growing crops is generally more profitable than using land as pasture for livestock rearing, but much of northern and western Britain is unsuitable for arable farming.'With the land area suitable for arable farming expected to drop from 32 per cent to 7 per cent under AMOC collapse, we could see a major reduction in the value of agricultural output,' said paper author and environmental economist Ian Bateman.'In this scenario, we estimate a decrease of £346 million per year — a reduction of over 10 per cent in the net value of British farming.'Professor Bateman noted that there is a common expectation that moderate warming will boost Britain's agricultural production.'It's important to note that the wider effects for the UK and beyond will be very negative as import costs rise steeply and the costs of most goods climb,' he said.Although the team focused their present study on agriculture, the collapse of the AMOC and the resulting temperature drop could also lead to a host of other economic drawbacks for the UK, the team warned.The full findings of the study were published in the journal Nature Food. When it comes to regulating global climate, the circulation of the Atlantic Ocean plays a key role.This is due to a constantly moving system of deep-water circulation often referred to as the Global Ocean Conveyor Belt which sends warm, salty Gulf Stream water to the North Atlantic where it releases heat to the atmosphere and warms Western Europe.The cooler water then sinks to great depths and travels all the way to Antarctica and eventually circulates back up to the Gulf Stream.When it comes to regulating global climate, the circulation of the Atlantic Ocean plays a key roleThis motion is fuelled by thermohaline currents - a combination of temperature and salt.It takes 1,000 years for water to complete a continuous journey around the world.Researchers believe that as the North Atlantic began to warm near the end of the Little Ice Age, freshwater disrupted the system, called the Atlantic Meridional Overturning Circulation (AMOC).Arctic sea ice, and ice sheets and glaciers surrounding the Arctic began to melt, forming a huge natural tap of fresh water that gushed into the North Atlantic.This huge influx of freshwater diluted the surface seawater, making it lighter and less able to sink deep, slowing down the AMOC system.Researchers found the AMOC has been weakening more rapidly since 1950 in response to recent global warming.
933	3	"Scientists discovered that over the past two decades, the wingspan of nightingales from central Spain has decreased.They highlighted natural selection caused by rising average temperatures in the region as the likely cause of the trend.Nightingales flock to sub-Saharan Africa every year, but the researchers from the Complutense University of Madrid warned that the birds find it harder to return if their wingspans are stunted. Their study was published Wednesday in the journal The Auk: Ornithological Advances.""There is much evidence that climate change is having an effect on migratory birds, changing their arrival and laying dates and their physical features over the last few decades,"" lead author Carolina Remacha said in a statement. ""If we are to fully understand how bird populations adapt to new environments in order to help them tackle the challenges of a rapidly changing world, it is important to call attention to the potential problems of maladaptive change,"" she added.In Spain, the spring season has shifted later in the year and droughts over the summer have become longer and more intense, meaning nightingales have a shorter window in which they can raise their young, the team said.That timetable has led to the more successful birds having smaller clutches (or groups of eggs), which affects wingspan and potentially other important survivalist features because of the unique way the songbirds' genes interact.The ""migratory gene package"" theory dictates that a number of features which help nightingales survive their migration -- including wingspan, a high resting metabolic rate, shorter lifespans and larger clutches -- all interact with each other, so if one is negatively affected, all the other can be weakened too.That means having fewer offspring due to a warming climate is likely also responsible for the birds having shorter wingspans, the researchers said.The impact of climate change on numerous bird species has been well documented.Research by the National Audubon Society last year found that two-thirds of North American bird species — 389 different species -- are at risk of extinction from climate change.Another independent study said that said nearly 3 billion birds have disappeared from the United States and Canada in the past half a century. And further research in 2019 stated that the sizes of birds in the US has changed over the past four decades, likely as a result of the changing climate -- although that study found that the birds' bodies were shrinking but their wingspans were getting wider."
735	4	Extreme heatwaves will scorch the UK as rising sea levels swallow large expanses of the coastline within just a few decades, experts have warned.In the first major analysis of the nation’s changing climate for nearly a decade, government and Met Office scientists concluded that summer temperatures could shoot up by 5.4C by 2070 if fossil fuel pollution is not slashed.Winters will also be considerably hotter, with average temperatures increasing by up to 4.2C.The scientists outlined a far more extreme version of Britain’s climate in which this year's weeks-long heatwave becomes the norm while winter rainfall increases by more than a third.Flooding will also be a major issue as sea levels around the country rise, and coastal communities will have to adapt rapidly or abandon homes to the rising tides.Sea levels affecting London could rise by up to 1.15 metres by 2100 if climate-warming emissions continue to climb.Even if emissions are cut in line with the Paris climate agreement to curb temperature rises to well below 2C above pre-industrial levels, sea levels could still be up to 70cm higher in the capital by 2100.Read our full mailing list consent terms hereRead our full mailing list consent terms hereThe scientists also predicted significant sea level rise in other major cities, with Edinburgh, Cardiff and Belfast all facing water rises of over 90 cm if greenhouse gas emissions continue unabated.Even if the world manages to curb emissions in line with the Paris agreement, the UK's average yearly temperature could be up to 2.3C higher by 2100.Launching the new report at London’s Science Museum, environment secretary Michael Gove said no-one could predict the future with absolute certainty.However, in his first major speech on climate change, Mr Gove – who famously claimed the public has “had enough of experts” in relation to Brexit – backed the scientists behind the projections.“In producing this first major update of climate projections for nearly 10 years, they have given governments, local authorities, land managers, national infrastructure bodies and other businesses an invaluable set of tools with which to assess the nature and scale of challenges, and take decisions accordingly,” he said.Liz Parkes, the Environment Agency’s deputy director for climate change said the report reinforced the idea that there are “fewer places to hide” for policy makers working on global warming-related issues.The environment secretary said the UK was already feeling climate-related extremes, including record wet winters, flooding and this year's heatwave, which was linked to devastating wildfires .Mr Gove told the audience at the launch event at the Science Museum that officials were already factoring projected sea level rises into planning for flooding. He noted a new long-term approach would be needed on dealing with flooding, warning “it will not always be possible to prevent every flood, we cannot build defences to protect every single building or reinforce every retreating coastline”.To tackle droughts, he said new policies would help drive the construction of new water infrastructure such as reservoirs.Farmers will receive payments to tackle climate change, and there will be new strategies to repair peatland, protect and create woodlands, and tackle emissions from food waste.Mr Gove also announced that overseas, the UK will donate £13 million to restoring coastal mangroves in places like Jamaica and Colombia. The new UK Climate Projections report is meant to guide the country’s efforts to curb and adapt to global warming, but environmental groups warned that many of the government’s own policies were undermining such plans.“Climate change will have a devastating impact on the UK with more extreme weather, rising sea levels and scorching summers – so why isn’t the government doing far more to tackle this crisis?,” said Friends of the Earth climate campaigner Emi Murphy.“With its relentless pursuit of fracking, airport expansion and road building, and lukewarm support for renewable energy, the government is failing to face up to the threat of catastrophic climate breakdown.The projections were launched on the 10th anniversary of the UK’s Climate Change Act. This ground-breaking strategy, which commits the country to cutting greenhouse gas emissions by 80 per cent by 2050, has since been imitated by other nations from Sweden to New Zealand.However, given the severity of climate change warnings that have emerged in recent years, and the particularly the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change’s latest report, experts have called for even tougher commitments from the UK.Government climate advisers are currently examining what measures would be needed to ensure emissions are cut by effectively 100 per cent, bringing them to “net zero”, by the middle of the century.
369	3	Hundreds of schools, hospitals and tube stations in London are at risk of flooding or overheating as the climate crisis accelerates and global temperatures continue to rise, according to a study.The report, commissioned by the Green party on the London Assembly, paints a bleak picture of life in the capital as global temperatures increase by 1.5C above pre-industrial levels – a conservative estimate based on current projections.The study is one of the first to chart the likely impacts of the crisis and comes amid growing pressure on politicians to take radical action.Earlier this month 1,000 people were arrested during the country’s biggest civil disobedience protests in generations aimed at highlighting the climate crisis. On Wednesday, parliament will vote on whether the UK should follow the example of Scotland, Wales, the Labour party and scores of councils and declare a climate emergency.Caroline Russell, GreenLondon assembly member who commissioned the report, said it represented the start of a process of “telling the truth” about the impacts of the climate crisis on day to day life in the capital.“Many of the real risks and challenges London, and Londoners, will face on a hotter planet are set out,” she said. “But it also shows significant areas where more research is needed because we just don’t know what other effects climate breakdown will bring.”The report found:Half of the underground stations in central London will be “at significant risk of flooding” with the Northern and Central lines most affected.One in five schools in the capital will face a high-risk of flooding.Two-thirds of London flats will face extreme overheating by the 2030s.London is the most vulnerable city in western Europe to floods, extreme cold, windstorms and drought as global temperatures rise.Russell said: “Anyone who commuted through last summer’s heatwave will know how unpleasant that was – these will be normal summers in the next couple of decades. What will that mean for schools, teachers, and schoolchildren during the struggle to stay cool?”She added: “London is an ancient city, and its buildings weren’t designed to keep us cool – and the Victorian infrastructure of our sewers and plumbing just wasn’t constructed with extreme weather events in mind.”The report gathered existing evidence from key sectors including housing, transport, emergency services, utilities, and workplaces and schools.But Russell said it was far from complete as “crucial information” was not available and she called on the London mayor, Sadiq Khan, to work with her to address the urgent issues raised.“The time for action is now. I urge the mayor to tell the whole truth about climate change and fill the gaps this research has shown, so we can know all the risks Londoners face. He must prepare for these huge changes, London needs to be ready.”
252	3	"As one might expect in this conservative bastion of the nation, some of the students say it's all lies or fake news.""But that's usually in the beginning of the semester,"" said Madrid, who left a Ph.D.-level research gig to go into public education. ""As I show them data and evidence, that tends to go away.""In fact, Madrid isn't so worrieed about his students. It's the other teachers who concern him: ""I get much more pushback from other teachers than students. Adults have already pretty much made up their minds, and we also don't have the time to sit down and discuss the issues."" Madrid's situation underscores the confusion that the climate change issue has presented to many schools across the country. Although 97% of climate scientists agree that global warming is linked to the burning of fossil fuels, a majority of middle and high school teachers are not aware of this consensus. Many of these teachers teach climate change as if it were an ongoing debate within the scientific community.This disconnect between scientists and educators was captured in a recent survey (PDF) by the National Center for Science Education, a nonprofit that works to promote science over ideology.""Our survey found that relatively few teachers had even a college course that devoted as much as a single class to climate change,"" said Glenn Branch, the center's deputy director, who notes that many teachers present misinformation about climate change or avoid teaching it entirely.   ""Scientists believe that (climate change) is a really big issue, and it's really inconsistent in terms of how it's being taught,"" explained Gerald Lieberman, director of the California State Education and Environment Roundtable, which works closely with the California Department of Education on instructional strategies related to the environment. Nationally, there continue to be tensions surrounding climate change, with the Trump administration expressing doubts about its validity and seeking cuts in climate research programs. This conflict has trickled down to the state level too -- even in the schools.A bill in the Texas House of Representatives would allow science teachers to teach ""the scientific strengths and scientific weaknesses of existing scientific theories,"" namely theories around subjects such as climate change, evolution, the origins of life and cloning. The bill maintains that ""the protection of a teacher's academic freedom is necessary to enable the teacher to provide effective instruction.""The Texas measure mirrors efforts in Idaho and West Virginia, where objections to the inclusion of climate change in state education standards have met with varying degrees of success. There is also a bill in Florida that would make it easier for residents to challenge school textbooks, including those that discuss topics such as climate change and evolution.""That class of bill is couched in the language of academic freedom,"" said David Evans, executive director of the National Science Teachers Association. ""But teachers shouldn't be permitted to teach things in class that aren't science.""Most of these bills in other states have been defeated. In Iowa, legislators canned a measure that would have prohibited the state Board of Education from adopting the Next Generation Science Standards, which include climate change in the curriculum. This year, 11 bills designed to alter science education standards have been unsuccessfully introduced across the United States, by sponsors who perhaps have been encouraged by the Trump administration's stance on climate change.Meanwhile, 18 states and the District of Columbia have approved the Next Generation Science Standards, which were developed with the help of several national science organizations and unveiled in 2013.The main critique of these standards is that climate change instruction is largely relegated to Earth and life science classes, not so much to biology, chemistry and physics -- the science subjects that most students focus on in high school.""Classes where it's natural to discuss climate change have been neglected,"" Branch said.But Evans disagrees, saying that lessons around climate change are in ""appropriate places in the curriculum, based on what kids can learn when.""Ann Akey, who teaches Advanced Placement environmental science and environmental chemistry at Woodside High School in California, concurs with Branch, though in her school they are working on weaving climate change into the bio-chem-physics curricula, taking it further than the science guidelines suggest. ""California just adopted (the standards) in the last year, so it won't be fully implemented"" for a few years, she said.Lieberman is less sanguine about the speed of implementation, saying it will take seven to 10 years for California to fully execute the standards and a decade or two for the rest of the nation to follow suit. ""These are gigantic (educational) systems,"" he said, ""and that is the core of the problem.""Evans sounded a more positive note, saying he thinks some school districts will adopt the standards before their own state legislatures do. He cited Wisconsin, where the vast majority of school districts seem to have adopted the science standards, even though the state hasn't done so. ""When we do climate science sessions at our conferences, it's standing-room only,"" Evans said. ""Teachers are anxious to learn the science so that they can take it to their kids.""But in the interim, those on the front lines stress the need for professional development and support. Some are lucky in that department, like Chris Geerer, who teaches sixth-grade general science at Parcells Middle School in Grosse Pointe Woods, Michigan.""I took a (climate change) class at Michigan Tech a few years ago, but not everybody does that,"" Geerer said. ""Hopefully, as we roll out (our new) middle school curriculum, we will provide teachers with resources and background information, and force them to think about climate change and digest it and be on board and comfortable teaching it, too."" Madrid adopts a ""show, don't tell"" approach when teaching his Texas students about climate change. He has them track data from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Association. ""I don't tell them anything, just tell them to get the data,"" he said. ""Any location they choose data from will show that it's real.""Branch added that ""state science standards do make a difference, as they influence what's in textbooks, what's in local curricula, and they influence statewide testing, too. But at the end of the day, when the classroom door closes, it's really going to be the individual teacher who determines whether or not climate change is going to be properly presented or not."""
203	4	This article is co-published with ProPublica, a nonprofit newsroom that investigates abuses of power.There will be no bargains with an overheating climate.As President Biden takes an unfinished plan for U.S. emissions cuts to a global climate conference in Glasgow next week, Congress and the country remain hung up on what that agenda, wrapped in the Build Back Better Act, might cost.The current price tag of nearly $1.9 trillion for climate and other social spending might seem enormous — though less so than the original $3.5 trillion plan. But over the long term, either would be a pittance.By zeroing in on those numbers, the public debate seems to have skipped over the economic ramifications of climate change, which promise to be historically disruptive — and enormously expensive. What we don’t spend now will cost us much more later.The compromise plan calls for a half-trillion dollars directed largely toward tax incentives for low-emission energy sources. But it omits other provisions, which will make it hard for Mr. Biden to reach his climate goals.The bills for natural disasters and droughts and power outages are already pouring in. Within a few decades, the total bill will be astronomical, as energy debts surge, global migration swells and industrial upheaval follows. The scale of the threat demands a new way of thinking about spending. Past budgets can no longer guide how governments spend money in the future.Some economists and climate scientists have calculated that climate change could cost the United States the equivalent of nearly 4 percent of its gross domestic product a year by 2100. Four percent is likely a conservative estimate; it leaves out consequential costs like damages from drought and climate migration. It assumes the United States and other nations eventually move away from energy generated by oil, coal and natural gas, though not as immediately as many say is needed. In this scenario, the planet will still warm by around three degrees Celsius by the end of the century from preindustrial levels, a change that would be disastrous.Four percent of American G.D.P. comes out to about $840 billion each year, if figured on last year’s economic output. Measured over a decade the way the Build Back Better Act is framed, it’s nearly $8.4 trillion. But the actual cost of climate change to the economy could easily be far greater.For every ton of carbon dioxide emitted starting today, temperatures will rise higher and faster. Solomon Hsiang, an economist and climate scientist at the University of California, Berkeley, and the co-director of the research group Climate Impact Lab, estimates that each degree Celsius of warming will erase 1.2 percent of G.D.P. per year, and those tolls will mount. Failure to curb climate emissions at all could put the United States on a path to losing 5 percent to as much as 10.5 percent of its G.D.P. annually. Based on last year’s G.D.P., that extreme — and unlikely — scenario could amount to nearly $2.2 trillion each year.In the more than three decades since Congress held its first major hearing on global warming, the nation has spent nearly $2 trillion sweeping up from disasters, many now believed to have been made worse by climate change. Since 2017, floods, hurricanes and other disasters have cost nearly $700 billion. This year alone has seen 18 disasters causing losses of more than $1 billion each.And these figures don’t account for the drag of slowed growth. Dr. Hsiang and his colleagues have estimated that Hurricane Maria set back Puerto Rico’s prosperity by more than two decades.What happens as these events become more frequent and more devastating?The Fourth National Climate Assessment released under the Trump administration in 2018 lists the sorts of costs that Americans will see by late in the century in a scenario where emissions are allowed to continue to grow. Labor slowed by intense heat could cost the economy as much as $155 billion in lost wages each year; coastal property destruction, $118 billion; road damage, $20 billion; the spread of West Nile virus, $3 billion; and on and on.The warming climate will worsen virtually every existing service, from water and sewage treatment to mass transit to food distribution to health care, and erode the wealth of millions. Dr. Hsiang, who presented his findings to Congress in 2019, estimates that over the next 80 years intensifying heat alone will reduce Americans’ incomes by $4 trillion to $10.4 trillion as farming becomes more difficult, food prices rise and labor productivity falls. Climate risks are already undercutting the value of real estate in the most vulnerable parts of the country, including the roughly $1.6 trillion worth of private property directly threatened by sea level rise and wildfires.“We’re going to be burning money just to adapt,” he told me. “Just the status quo is going to start costing us more.”These numbers tell only part of the story, because the costs will be spread unequally. High-risk areas of the Gulf Coast could see 20 percent of their economies erased. Crop yields in parts of Texas and Oklahoma are projected to drop by 70 to 90 percent. People of color and the poor will likely fare worst.Still, not a single one of these projections is a foregone conclusion. Eliminating as much carbon dioxide emissions as possible now would reduce the cost to taxpayers later. The National Climate Assessment estimates that limiting warming to around two degrees Celsius would reduce economic harm in many cases by 30 percent to 60 percent. Research by the Union of Concerned Scientists suggests that emissions cuts now could save $780 billion worth of residential properties by 2100.Which brings us back to the sprawling reconciliation bill being assembled by Democrats in Congress. The original Build Back Better Act proposed several hundred billion dollars a year for the next 10 years to slash emissions by cleaning up electricity generation and making electric vehicles commonplace, among other things. (Medicare, subsidized child care and other family aid would also be expanded.)Any one of the versions under consideration in Congress would most likely pay for itself quickly, climate scientists say. Encouraging the transition to clean power and electrifying infrastructure is one way to make progress toward the emissions targets. Many economists contend that investing in social programs like health and child care will also help communities and families withstand climate-driven shocks.The nation is venturing into an era where the siloed definitions of programs — infrastructure versus social welfare versus health care — no longer match the blended nature of the threat. Economic policy is no longer distinct from environmental policy, because, for example, creating high-paying jobs in Texas isn’t worth much if it’s too hot to work.Just as economists have linked hotter temperatures to declining crop yields, they have also linked them to more disease, more crime, more suicides and other effects on people’s health and well-being. All of them result in losses — both social and economic — and threaten the country’s strength and stability.Policymakers will have to start somewhere. Among the bill’s lesser-known provisions in the last publicly released version of the bill were funding to survey forests and to hire people to fight wildfires; to provide agricultural research for farmers whose crops won’t grow in hotter climates; to help homeowners transition from gas appliances to low-emission technologies and to study health risks linked to climate change.Taken as a whole, these trillion-dollar-plus plans look more like down payments — investments in keeping the planet, and the U.S. economy and standard of living, as close as possible to the way it is now.Not to invest in these societal defenses today looks like an embrace of chaos and a choice to roll the dice on a period of unpredictable and disruptive change probably greater than anything in human existence.When the stakes are viewed this way, investing in defending economic stability seems conservative. Failing to respond to the scientific and economic forecasts is what seems dangerously radical.Abrahm Lustgarten is an environmental reporter for ProPublica, a nonprofit newsroom that investigates abuses of power. Sign up here to get its next investigation.The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.
314	4	This article is part of a special report on Climate Solutions.FERROL, Spain — A strange-looking contraption that could represent a new frontier in clean energy wallowed in the water alongside a coal dock here in a bay in northwest Spain.This floating wind turbine with a tower about 600 feet high was sheltering in the harbor. After waiting out the rough winter seas and the disruption from the coronavirus pandemic, it was towed in late May to join two others anchored in the Atlantic in 330 feet of water 11 miles off Viana do Castelo on the northwest coast of Portugal.The idea is to try to stake out a vast new area of the oceans for the wind power industry. Generating electricity from wind began on land, but developers, led by Orsted of Denmark, started venturing into the sea in the early 1990s as they sought wide-open spaces and to escape the objections of neighbors to having a twirling monster next door.Three decades later, offshore is now the fastest-growing segment of the wind business, but marine wind farms have been limited to water shallow enough to allow turbines to sit on piles or other supports on the sea bottom. About 200 feet in depth is the outer limit for such devices, people in the industry say.If platforms could be put almost anywhere at sea, “we can go to areas where we have never before harnessed the wind,” said José Pinheiro, the project director of WindFloat Atlantic.Mr. Pinheiro’s machine floats on three partly submerged columns, each about 100 feet long. Steel catwalks bridge the gaps between the giant cylinders. Sensors signal to pumps to add or remove water from the columns to keep the platform at the right level for optimal wind generation. In a gentle sea in the bay, the vessel, which weighs thousands of tons, seemed remarkably stable.In a conversation in the port’s office building, Mr. Pinheiro said that putting turbines on floating platforms would allow wind developers to follow the lead of the oil industry, which routinely drills in water a mile deep. That would open markets like the West Coast of the United States, France and South Korea.Most offshore wind farms have been installed off countries like Britain, Germany, Denmark and China, which have large expanses of shallow water extending from their coasts.Offshore wind has surged over the last three decades as turbines have become larger and more powerful, bringing down costs. While still representing less than 1 percent of world electricity generation, offshore wind grew at nearly 30 percent per year over the last decade and has become a major factor in power generation in northern Europe.How large a weapon in the battle against climate change could this industry become? Analysts at the International Energy Agency, a Paris-based group, estimated that if floating technology were widely adopted, the industry would have the technical potential to eventually supply the equivalent of 11 times the world’s demand for electric power. Electricity generation is both a source of emissions and a potential means of reducing them. Many analysts say that powering everything from cars to factories with clean electricity will need to play a big role in achieving climate goals.Of course, the pandemic will likely slow investment decisions in the coming months, and there are obstacles to the deployment of the new devices, including perfecting the technology and persuading governments to open large portions of their waters to developers.Recent experience has already shown that offshore wind is attractive to investors like pension funds because the multibillion-dollar projects offer predictable returns and contribute to the battle against climate change.Big Oil is also moving into offshore wind for some of the same reasons. The companies, especially in Europe, have been coming under increasing pressure from governments, environmentalists and investors to shift their activities away from emissions-causing oil and gas to clean energy like wind. In addition, these companies see similarities between this emerging industry and their own giant, deepwater oil projects.One of the project’s investors, Repsol, a Spanish oil company, has made ambitious pledges to reduce its carbon emissions and is scouting for the means of achieving them.“The main reason here is to be involved in a project that is cutting edge,” said María Victoria Zingoni, the company’s executive managing director of commercial businesses and chemicals. “We want to test it and learn from it.”The wind farm being installed off northwest Portugal makes use of some of the largest available turbines. These machines, supplied by a joint venture of Vestas Wind Systems of Denmark and Mitsubishi Heavy Industries of Japan, are enormously powerful with blades more than 260 feet long. The three platforms will generate enough electricity to light up a city of 60,000 people, Mr. Pinheiro said.The Portugal project marks the second stage of a long campaign to design a floating machine that can compete with other energy sources. A smaller platform was successfully tested in Portuguese waters in 2011. Equinor, a Norwegian energy company, opened a platform in the North Sea in 2009, operates a small floating wind farm off Scotland and has plans for others.These early projects have overcome doubts about whether a wind turbine hundreds of feet high could function smoothly on a base heaving and yawing in rough seas.“We don’t need to demonstrate that floating offshore wind is viable, because Principle Power and Equinor have demonstrated that a long time ago,” said Henrik Stiesdal, a wind pioneer, who is working on his own floating platform with backing from Royal Dutch Shell and Equinor. Principle Power, a California-based company, designed the WindFloat platforms and owns a small stake in the project.An important step, said Finn Gunnar Nielsen, who helped design the Equinor floater, was to design controlling software for the turbine that would compensate for rather than exacerbate the motion of the platform.What remains is to determine which of several design concepts being developed make sense and how to build what will need to be hundreds of platforms quickly and cheaply, industry sources say.“It will take another five years to get there, ” said Dominique Roddier, a naval architect and former Exxon Mobil employee, who developed the WindFloat concept with colleagues at Principle Power. Mr. Roddier left the company last fall and is now running the start-up Ocergy that aims to produce buoys for gathering data on weather, whales and fish.WindFloat, whose cost was pegged in 2018 at 125 million euros, or about $137 million today, is majority owned by EDP Renewables.About €60 million came through a loan by the European Investment Bank, a wing of the European Union, which supports what it considers to be promising renewable technologies.By comparison, turbines of similar size installed on the sea bottom cost around €20 million each when they are used in large facilities in which the costs can be spread among scores of machines. The new technology still “has a long way to go on the economics,” said Alexander Flotre, an analyst at Rystad Energy, a market research firm.WindFloat ran into delays and cost overruns as local shipyards building the platform struggled, pushing its installation into winter when the seas were too rough to tow it out of the port. The pandemic has added to the delays.Mr. Pinheiro also said that the computer systems designed to keep the two platforms balanced took longer to fine-tune than expected. The two platforms that are installed are hooked up to the Portuguese grid and earning money.João Metelo, chief executive of Principle Power, said that the eventual aim was to build much larger wind farms to bring down costs through streamlining the design and economies of scale.Mr. Metelo said that wind farms of this size would likely generate electricity at a cost of around €200 per megawatt-hour, a wholesale power measure, over their lives, which may extend to 25 years. He estimated that with far greater scale and even larger turbines expected on the market in the future costs could come down to the €50 range, which is competitive with turbines attached to the bottom.Mr. Stiesdal, a former chief technology officer of Siemens Gamesa, the largest maker of offshore turbines, said that  builders had slashed costs by building the huge machines in factories in components that could then be assembled by crane at dockside or at sea. Floating platforms will need the same kind of industrial process, he said. “Ultimately, you get to a point where you realize that the only way forward is factory-made equipment,” he said.It is not hard to imagine that a time will come for these projects. Developers are already building conventional offshore wind farms with 50 times the generating capacity of this floating pilot. Orsted, a Danish company that has become the largest offshore developer, is building a series of wind farms in the North Sea off northeast England with generating capacity comparable to nuclear power stations.Eventually, it will make sense to move farther out and deeper, said Mr. Nielsen, a designer of the Equinor floater who is now director of the Bergen Offshore Wind Center at the University of Bergen in Norway. Stronger and more consistent wind is available further at sea. Having more spots to choose from should also provide more leeway to reduce potential conflict between fishing interests and the wind projects.“If the wind industry is going to expand,” he said, “they really have to move into deeper water.”
610	1	Commercial fishers uncovered a first-of-its-kind discovery while trawling waters in Sardinia - a skinless, toothless shark.  A blackmouth catshark was pulled the depths near Sardinia that appeared to be in good health amid a number of abnormalities. However, the female's  abnormalities did not hinder its predatory abilities, with the creature finding ways to adapt - such as swallowing prey whole.The team proposes the shark lost its skin after being exposed to chemically contaminated sites, as well as acidification due to climate change.Commercial fishers uncovered a first-of-its-kind discovery while trawling waters in Sardinia - a skinless, toothless sharkThe skinless catshark was discovered by a team at the University of Cagliari, Italy, which say this is the first of its kind. ‘As far as is known, in this paper the first case of lacking of skin-related structures (epidermis, stratum laxum, dermal denticles and teeth) in a free-swimming elasmobranch, the blackmouth catshark, Galeus melastomus, is reported,’ reads the study published in Fish Biology.The team was given the shark caughtoff Cape Carbonara in South Sardini in July 2019 at a depth of 1,640 feet below the surface, as first reported on by IFL Science.Skin is a vital tool for sharks, as it protects them from harsh environments and rivals that may want to scuffle over food or territory.A blackmouth catshark was pulled the depths near Sardinia that appeared to be in good health amid a number of abnormalities. However, the female's abnormalities did not hinder its predatory abilities, but instead, found ways to adapt - such as swallowing prey wholeThe out layer has also been proven to help them maneuver through the water, as it reduces friction around the body.However, the female catshark appeared to have been surviving without its outer shield.The shark was a pale yellowish color all over, except for the eyes, abdomen and gills, which were the only places of pigment.And it’s teeth had been reduced to rudimental structures that were not visible to the naked eye.‘It is unclear how the abnormality impact the behavior, physiology or ecology of this individual,’ reads the paper.The shark was a pale yellowish color all over, except for the eyes, abdomen and gills, which were the only places of pigment. And it’s teeth had been reduced to rudimental structures that were not visible to the naked eyePictured is how a catshark traditionally looks with skin‘Given the functions performed by the skin, the lack of dermal denticles, epidermis and stratum laxum is likely to have modified swimming, maybe increasing its energetic cost and slowing it down.’The lack of teeth did not affect its feeding abilities either, as the team found 14 creatures inside the stomach.However, the remains of the shark’s prey suggests they were swallowed whole.
958	5	"China - the world's largest emitter of greenhouse gases - has announced details of its climate action plan.The office of Premier Li Keqiang said that emissions ""will peak by around 2030"" and China would work hard to achieve the target even earlier.The statement echoes China's declaration last November following a US-China summit.China's pledge comes ahead of talks late this year in Paris to seek a new global deal on climate change.The statement, released following a meeting in Paris between Li and French President Francois Hollande, said China aimed to reduce its carbon dioxide emissions per unit of GDP by 60-65% by 2030, from 2005 levels. The carbon intensity target builds on a previous plan to cut carbon intensity by 40-45% by 2020. China also aimed to increase the share of non-fossil fuels in its primary energy consumption to about 20% by 2030, the statement added.Beijing previously set a goal of getting around 15% of its energy from clean sources by 2020. Analysis by the BBC's science editor, David ShukmanThis is a significant moment in international climate negotiations. For years China argued that it was too poor and underdeveloped to even consider accepting any obligations to curb its greenhouse gases. Now we're witnessing the world's largest emitter playing by the UN's rules and promising even deeper cuts that those suggested some months back. For diplomats and ministers hoping to see a meaningful deal at the climate summit in Paris at the end of the year, this will be a welcome step. The size of cuts, and the timescale, will of course be judged by many as too little and too late. But for anyone who endured the collapse of talks at the Copenhagen summit six years ago, China is playing a very different and far more constructive game. Will it actually make any difference to global warming? Scientists always say it does not matter to the atmosphere where the emissions come from and China's will continue to rise for the next 15 years or so, and on their already gargantuan scale. And today's announcement does not mean that Chinese use of fossil fuels is coming to an end any time soon. On the same day that China has announced this climate plan it also began construction of a massive pipeline that will bring it a lot of gas from Russia.   All countries involved in UN climate talks must submit national plans for cutting emissions ahead of the key Paris talks. China joins several other countries, including the EU, US and Mexico, that have already committed their plans for tackling climate change, formally known by the UN as INDCs (intended nationally determined contribution).With China's announcement, the world's biggest polluters - China, the US and the EU - have now all detailed their climate plans ahead of the global climate conference.Commenting on the statement, Li Shuo, climate analyst for Greenpeace China, said for success in Paris, all players  - including China and the EU - needed to up their game. ""Today's pledge must be seen as only the starting point for much more ambitious actions. ""It does not fully reflect the significant energy transition that is already taking place in China. ""Given the dramatic fall in coal consumption, robust renewable energy uptake, and the urgent need to address air pollution, we believe the country can go well beyond what it has proposed today.""China's new climate plan sends a strong message to other countries to do more on climate ahead of this year's negotiations for a new global climate deal, said WWF.Samantha Smith, global climate leader at WWF, said China was the first major developing country emitter to set a total emissions peak target. ""In doing so, China has committed to both global climate security and to a transformational energy transition at home,"" she said. ""We emphasise the importance of the fact that China has made commitments beyond its responsibility as a developing country. But we hope that China will continue to find ways to reduce its emissions, which will in turn drive global markets for renewable energy and energy efficiency."" On Monday, at talks in Brussels with EU leaders, the Chinese Premier said the country was seeking a fair, global system to tackle climate change.China will work with the international community to seek a ""fair, reasonable, win-win"" global climate governance system, Li said."
187	3	The survival of our planet as we know it is in danger.We have at hand a bipartisan, rigorous plan to address that danger.And now it is more than possible that we will end up with two presidential candidates who reject that plan in favor of two varieties of utter unseriousness.The first is the denialism of President Trump. He either believes or cynically pretends to believe that climate change is not a threat. His administration has gravely aggravated the threat, for example by recklessly relaxing regulation of the super-warming gas methane.The second version is the fantasy extremism of Sen. Bernie Sanders. He would prosecute oil executives “for the destruction they have knowingly caused” (he “welcomes their hatred”) and phase out carbon-neutral nuclear power. The Vermont independent would ban the fracking of natural gas, which is — if you control the methane emissions — a useful transitional fuel from dirty coal to clean wind and solar.As though by magic, Sanders’s proposals will “dramatically decrease the cost of energy storage” and (why not?) make electricity “virtually free” after 2035 (though, sadly, we would still have to pay for “operations and maintenance costs”). All fossil fuels will be gone by 2030, the renewable energy that takes its place will be “publicly owned,” and — not to worry — the plan “will pay for itself over 15 years.”Unfortunately, there is no magic wand to make such things happen, as Patrick Pouyanné told me last week. Pouyanné is one of those people whose hatred Sanders might welcome; he is chairman and chief executive of Paris-based Total, one of the world’s biggest oil and gas companies.On a recent visit to Washington, ­Pouyanné himself did not seem particularly hateful; on the contrary. Unlike the U.S. president, he has no doubt that climate change is real and “a huge challenge for mankind.”“I believe the scientists,” he said, and he favors a global (and corporate) evolution away from fossil fuels. He wrote to the Environmental Protection Agency to oppose Trump’s methane regulation rollback.As an executive doing business in many countries, however, he is aware of some realities:● Eighty percent of the world’s energy comes from fossil fuels.● Despite growing awareness, and the Paris accord, last year, coal use increased and forests (the best means to pull carbon out of the atmosphere) shrank.● Close to 1 billion of the world’s 7 billion people have no access to electricity, and their governments are not going to be satisfied with that situation.● When it comes to energy, every nation is concerned first with the security of supply; second with the cost of supply; and only third with its ­cleanliness.● The technology does not exist today to allow a system to rely only on intermittent sources of energy such as wind and sunshine.● Climate change is a global challenge, “and we do not have a global government.”Pouyanné said a U.S. ban on fracking — or the jailing of oil executives, for that matter — would have little impact on climate change. Why? Because much of the world’s oil is located in poorer countries that depend desperately on oil exports, and they will gladly make up any shortfall.“Change will not come from changing the source of supply,” he said. “You have to reduce demand.”Which brings us back to the plan, put forward this month by the Climate Leadership Council, that would actually work. Supported by energy companies (including Total) and environmental groups alike, it would impose a steadily rising tax on carbon. That would lead to reduced consumption and increased innovation in alternatives, including battery storage for solar and wind power. To get buy-in from industry, the plan would do away with a lot of regulation — but only so long as emissions were, in fact, going down.By imposing a tariff on imports from countries without similar carbon taxes, the plan would pressure those countries to follow suit. And the tax would be politically palatable, because every dollar would be returned in equal shares to taxpayers — with 70 percent of U.S. households ending up better off.“A carbon tax offers the most cost-effective lever to reduce carbon emissions at the scale and speed that is necessary,” several thousand economists, including virtually every prominent economist to have served in Democratic or Republican administrations, said in a statement.It should be encouraging, then, that when The Post asked the Democratic candidates whether they would support setting a price on carbon, almost all either said yes (Joe Biden, Mike Bloomberg, Pete Buttigieg, Amy Klobuchar, Tom Steyer) or maybe (Elizabeth Warren). There were two naysayers: ­Tulsi Gabbard and Sanders.It should be encouraging, but it won’t be — if both parties end up with nominees who each, in his own way, rejects reality.Read more from Fred Hiatt’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.Read more: Read a letter in response to this piece: Don’t let oil companies design climate policy; say yes to renewablesSteven Bingler and Martin C. Pedersen: Planners talk about resilience in the face of climate change. We need to start using a different R word.Fareed Zakaria: Bernie Sanders’s magical thinking on climate changeRobert J. Samuelson: Can Wall Street save us from climate change? (Fat chance.)Post Opinions: 11 climate change policy ideas to protect the planet
265	4	"Watch: Kids explain why climate change matters. Credits: Video - Newshub; Images - GettyNew Zealand only managed to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions by 1 percent between 2007 and 2018, new data shows.The deep south is largely to blame, with Canterbury, Otago, Tasman/Nelson and Southland increasing their emissions, while every North Island region reduced theirs - with the exception of Bay of Plenty.""Industrial emissions, from either primary industries, goods-producing industries, or service industries, can be affected by a number of factors, such as structural changes to the local economy, changes in technology, or efficiency gains,"" said Stats NZ environmental-economic accounts manager Stephen Oakley.""This is the first comprehensive picture we have been able to develop to show where emissions are being produced in New Zealand and which regions are driving the changes in emissions.""Auckland - which contributes most to the New Zealand economy of any region - was only the third-highest emitter, and had the biggest fall in emissions over the years covered. Wellington - the second-biggest local economy in the country - was the ninth-highest emitter. ""This demonstrates that regions with higher levels of economic activity don't always have higher emissions,"" said Oakley.Auckland's reduction of 955 kilotonnes (kt) a year was closely followed by Taranaki (707kt), Northland (545kt) and Waikato (272kt). Canterbury led the charge in the other direction, increasing its emissions by 1175kt a year. Bay of Plenty came in second, up 356kt, followed by Southland (335kt) and Otago (333kt). ""While some regions reduced their emissions, this was largely offset by increased emissions in other regions,"" said Oakley. ""Overall, this resulted in a reduction of just over 1 percent in New Zealand's total greenhouse gas emissions between 2007 and 2018.""New Zealand's population has grown about 18 percent in that time, so our per capita emissions have dropped. This is backed up by data from the World Bank, which shows per capita emissions dropping in the past two decades, since peaking in 2001. Overall net emissions peaked a few years later in 2006, according to Stats NZ data. The overall biggest emitter in 2018 was Waikato, a big farming region.""Service industries produce fewer emissions per unit of GDP than primary and goods-producing industries meaning they are less emissions intensive,"" Stats NZ said.""Service industries include wholesale trade; retail trade; transport, postal, and warehousing; government and defence; and health care and social assistance. Conversely, primary industries, such as agriculture, forestry, fishing, and mining, generally have higher emissions intensities.""Every region's biggest emitter were primary industries except in Auckland, where it was goods-producing industries - manufacturing, electricity, gas, water, and waste services and construction. Auckland's big drop was driven by a massive fall in emissions in goods-producing industries, but offset slightly by a rise in service industry and household emissions. ""The rise in Auckland's household emissions is largely due to its growing population, leading to increased car emissions, and increased fuel use,"" said Oakley.The massive rises in Canterbury and Otago were driven by expanding cattle numbers.Auckland, Waikato and Canterbury accounted for almost half of all emissions between them. Sparsely populated Marlborough, Tasman/Nelson, West Coast and Gisborne had the least. Auckland generated the most carbon dioxide, while Canterbury produced the most methane - a far bigger driver of climate change in the short-term - and nitrous oxide.Southland's emissions were eight times higher per capita than in Auckland and Wellington. ""The new data allows regions to better understand the emissions intensity of their economies,"" said Oakley.""It will also be of interest as regions look to reduce their emissions while managing economic outcomes, thereby transitioning to a lower-emissions economy."""
364	3	"The Kāpiti Coast looks set to become the country's third district to declare a climate change emergency, appealing to the Government for help. Although the declaration carries no statutory or legal weight, it was a symbolic move highlighting the looming crisis facing the councils throughout the country, Kāpiti Mayor K Gurunathan said. In Kāpiti, the rationale behind the decision included the cost of a handful of multi-million-dollar seawalls to protect the coastline. ""It recognises our communities are facing an iceberg of significant costs now, and increasingly over the coming decades, from coastal erosion and floods."" READ MORE: * Nelson declares climate change emergency * Costs rise for crumbling coastlines * Regional council retreating from coastline The council's decision follows on from both Nelson City Council and the Environment Canterbury (Ecan) who recently joined a growing global movement of climate emergency declarations. Wellington City Council mayor Justin Lester said it would also declare a climate change emergency once the council received the report following feedback from the Zero Carbon Capital –Te Atakura – First to Zero plan which closed on May 10. He expected the council to come to a decision in coming months but said Wellingtonians placed importance on climate change. Gurunathan had tabled the motion for councillors to vote on and hoped it would prompt the regional council and central government to put money and expertise toward the problem. Costs for the $17m Paekākāriki Seawall, the $1.2m Wharemaku seawall and another, four-kilometre seawall expected to cost about $38m, all loomed for the community. About 1800 properties along the district's 42km coastline also faced erosion issues. ""These properties, with an estimated value of $1.6 billion, are also some of the district's highest ratepayers,"" Gurunathan said. Greater Wellington Regional Council announced in April that it had planned a staged retreat from the Paekākāriki coastline and, on Tuesday, said it would consider a declaration of its own at a future council meeting. In the meantime, the council would call on the Government to set up a long term fund to help communities adjust to climate change.  Spearheaded by Local Government NZ, vice-president Stuart Crosby said it was a fair way of doing things. ""New Zealand has a good track record of putting funds aside to pay for a future liability. Just look at the Super Fund. We're advocating for the same approach to be taken with climate change, with central and local government each carrying a share of the costs."" Climate Change Minister James Shaw said some MPs were discussing the possibility of asking Parliament to declare a climate emergency but he wasn't involved in the talks and didn't know if, or when, they might make the request. He supported the idea of Parliament, rather than the Government, making a statement on a climate emergency which meant it couldn't be ignored or abandoned by subsequent governments ""The way a declaration was conducted in the UK Parliament is a good example NZ could follow."""
872	5	"The United States can begin to take the biggest single step of any nation in the fight against climate change. The President must set tough rules that restore, and later strengthen, tailpipe emissions standards that President Donald Trump trashed while putting us on course to phase in a new car fleet that is 100% electric by 2030.  Biden's actions will shape US greenhouse gas levels -- and what we drive -- for generations and send a message to the world that we are serious about fighting what he has called the ""existential threat"" of global warming. Every gallon of gasoline we burn, whether in a hybrid vehicle or a Hummer, emits 25 pounds of carbon dioxide, the heat-trapping gas that is most responsible for warming the planet. Transportation spews more of that primary global warming pollutant than even power plants.  So, we can't tame climate change without aggressively reining in gas-guzzling and emissions from SUVs, pickups, minivans and cars. Nine years ago, automakers and President Barack Obama reached a deal to make 5% annual improvements in gas mileage and emissions. Automakers added cost-effective efficiency technology they had sitting on their shelves, such as improved engines, transmissions and aerodynamics, to make their vehicles guzzle and pollute less. Fully enforced, by 2025, the standards would have delivered a new car fleet averaging 36 miles per gallon, compared to 24.9 mpg today. Furthermore, those standards would have kept six billion tons of CO2 out of the atmosphere while saving consumers $1 trillion on gas.   But in 2017, four days after Trump took office, auto company CEOs returned to the White House, asking to roll back the very rules they had negotiated with his predecessor. Trump complied, effectively freezing mileage and emissions at 2020 levels for the next six years -- and saddling the country with a fleet averaging no better than 29 mpg, costing consumers more at the pump. As a first step, with his upcoming decisions, President Biden must reinstate the Obama-era standards. Manufacturers are taking advantage of Trump's rollback. They are rolling out prodigious numbers of gas-guzzling SUVs and other light trucks and slapping on monster markups -- for as much as $30,000 and more on some. Most of these trucks haul little more than a latte from Starbucks. Some automakers assert that they may plow some of these hefty profits into making EVs. But so far most carmakers have produced many promises but only a relative handful of EVs compared to the 17 million gas-powered cars, pickups and SUVs they churn out annually. Notwithstanding their big talk about an electric future, automakers are devoting a huge share of their roughly $14 billion annual marketing budget to pushing the gas-guzzling trucks on consumers. Ford sold barely 11,000 EVs in the 12 months ending in April -- and 800,000 gas-powered F-150 pickups in 2020. Yet the company asserts it anticipates its 2030 global production will be 40% electric. With its track record, the new electric F-150 it has dubbed ""the Lightning"" may be more Tinkerbell than Thor. General Motors' declaration that it ""aspires to eliminate tailpipe emissions"" by 2035 and go carbon neutral by 2040 is a far cry from pledging to halt production of gas-engine vehicles. We won't build back better banking on automakers' hopes. Last summer, the California Air Resources Board completed a feeble agreement with Ford, Honda, Volkswagen, BMW and Volvo that Dave Cooke, a Union of Concerned Scientists senior vehicles analyst, told us would cut emissions by only half what the Obama rules would have saved. Automakers seized on it as a model for the rest of the country.   Don't be bamboozled. Applied nationally to all automakers, the mileage and pollution savings would be so slight that they would extend Trump's climate reach through most of Biden's term.   Dressing up those loophole-riddled Swiss cheese rules as a revived Obama plan would leave Biden far from his central -- and crucial -- climate goal: Bringing carbon dioxide emissions to near zero by 2050.  We won't fend off climate catastrophe with anything less than bold steps. We have no choice but to phase out internal combustion engines in new vehicles, and the pollution they emit, by 2030.  Just do the math: Many SUVs and other light trucks and cars sold in 2030 will last 20 years. They will still be rolling in 2050. Carbon dioxide persists for hundreds of years. So, with the invisible, ubiquitous tenacity of Lewis Carrol's Cheshire cat, the pollution will foul our atmosphere -- and overheat the globe -- far into the 22nd century.  Cutting emissions and boosting gas mileage by 7% a year -- two percentage points more than the companies agreed to a decade ago -- will ensure that the tens of millions of gas-powered vehicles built between now and 2030 won't bar us from protecting the climate. This is auto mechanics, not rocket science. Nearly a decade ago, automakers started to meet Obama's 5% yearly improvements by using more efficient transmissions; safe, lightweight, high-strength steel and aluminum, and aerodynamic designs. If they fully deploy these and other efficiency technologies in all their vehicles, they can achieve the imperative 7% gains while phasing in EVs. Here's a bonus: the technology will save more than it costs. If Biden takes bold action now -- boosting gas mileage, scrapping loopholes, and plugging in -- he can make history as the president who tackled the growing climate crisis. Global warming's challenge demands no less.    "
636	4	Greens Senator Sarah Hanson Young says her new private member’s bill which will be introduced to parliament on Monday will enforce a “climate trigger” into Australia’s environmental laws.The bill will aim to ensure large, potentially environmentally damaging projects such as oil drillings and the building of new mines will have to undergo an environmental assessment to ascertain their effects on climate change.Ms Hanson-Young told Sky News host Sharri Markson none of the current environment laws and assessments “include the impact on climate change” of such projects and in fact “don't allow for big projects … to be assessed before they’re given a ‘green tick of approval’”.Liberal Senator Zed Seselja said the Greens “rarely think about … what the actual impacts are on jobs (or) what the impact is on the economy” for such actions on climate change.Image: Getty
220	4	"These events could cause premature deaths -- and they're all related to climate change, according to a panel of experts who gathered at the Carter Center in Atlanta on Thursday for the Climate & Health Meeting.The Climate & Health Meeting was organized to replace the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's climate change conference, which was postponed in January, ahead of President Donald Trump's inauguration. The Trump administration did not explicitly ask for the move, CNN reported in January.Although Trump has said that there is ""some connectivity"" between human activity and climate change, he also has expressed doubts about the climate crisis. The meeting became a subject of controversy as Trump prepared to take office last month.However, the meeting allowed experts to sound alarms about the deadly health risks associated with climate change.Between 2030 and 2050, climate change is projected to cause about 250,000 additional deaths per year from heat stress, malnutrition and the spread of infectious diseases like malaria, according to the World Health Organization.""The extreme weather events calculated by the insurance industry have obviously been increasing,"" former US Vice President Al Gore said in a keynote speech at the meeting. ""As I've said on other occasions, every night on the television news now is like a nature hike through the Book of Revelation.""The majority of climate scientists -- 97% -- agree that climate change is real and human pollution is largely responsible.Some scientists question whether the WHO projection might be an underestimate, especially since approximating future death rates has proved to be difficult. Yet many agree that the number of climate-related deaths is expected to rise.""Those WHO statistics are just from some very specific health outcomes where we have some known working equations and models to do it,"" said Dr. Jonathan Patz, a professor and director of the Global Health Institute at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, who participated in the meeting.""Some of the questions about how many deaths will climate change cause, it may be unanswerable as far as a specific number, but when you look at the multiple pathways through which climate disrupts all sorts of health outcomes, it could be enormous,"" he said. ""Those numbers from WHO, I think, were an example but a drop in the bucket as far as really what the impacts could be.""Heat waves and healthOf all climate-related causes of death, heat stress is responsible for the most deaths in the United States, Gore said. He hosted the event along with the American Public Health Association and more than 50 organizations representing scientists, policymakers and activists. ""Mortality increases 4% on average during these heat waves,"" he said.Data from the US Natural Hazard Statistics show that heat caused the most weather-related fatalities, on average, between both 1986 and 2015 and 2006 and 2015. However, flooding caused the most weather-related deaths in 2015 alone.""Globally, flooding on a global basis has first place,"" Gore said. An increase of thousands to tens of thousands of premature heat-related deaths in the summer is projected each year by the end of the century, according to a climate and health assessment released by the US Global Change Research Program.Last year was Earth's hottest year on record since record-keeping began in the 1880s, according to the World Meteorological Organization.""There is a clear warming trend, and that threatens health. It threatens our health. The Earth is warming because of our concentrations of greenhouse gases. The rate of warming in the last 30 years outpaces anything in the prior 1,000 years,"" said Kim Knowlton, senior scientist at the Natural Resources Defense Council and assistant clinical professor at the Columbia University Mailman School of Public Health, during a panel discussion at Thursday's meeting.""Heat waves, which are extreme heat events that last several days, are the No. 1 cause of US weather-related fatalities on average over the last 30 years, more than tornadoes, more than floods, more than lightning,"" she said.More, different disease tracking neededAlong with heat, the spread of infectious diseases can pose a higher risk of death, and high temperatures can play a role in the spread of such diseases.Climate change can impact human infectious disease via the pathogen itself, via the host or by creating conditions for transmission, according to a study published in the journal Environment International last year. The study involved reviewing research on climate change and health published between 1990 and 2015.For instance, warmer and wetter weather can provide ideal conditions for disease-carrying mosquitoes to flourish, promoting the spread of mosquito-borne diseases.This might have occurred recently in the spread of the Zika virus. Although a combination of factors played a role in the Zika outbreak, changes in the environment caused by climate change can influence the spread of mosquitoes carrying the virus, according to a document from the CDC (PDF).""From November to January, there have been 5,000, or 4,000 or more, cases of Zika in Puerto Rico,"" Gore said during his keynote speech at the meeting.""The CDC does an outstanding job, but there were budget constraints and political maneuvering, and no need to get into that here, except to make the point, we need better monitoring,"" he said. ""We need the kind of disease surveillance that will help the public health experts prepare for this and mobilize their resources.""Gore also mentioned how many plants, especially crops, suffer from climate impacts.More extreme weather events, from high temperatures to flooding, can prevent crops from growing and reduce yields, but higher CO2 levels could also affect the foods you eat.""Essential nutrients like zinc, iron, copper, magnesium and calcium could decrease significantly in the food crops that we rely upon, and this is not because of higher temperatures; this is because of higher CO2 levels,"" Gore said in his speech.Elevated CO2 has been associated with reduced protein and nitrogen content in alfalfa and soybean plants, resulting in a loss of quality, according to the US Environmental Protection Agency.A controversial meetingDespite the controversy surrounding the meeting, Gore and other presenters seemed pleased with the turnout.""They tried to cancel this conference but it is going forward anyway,"" Gore said in a statement January 26.""Today we face a challenging political climate, but climate shouldn't be a political issue. Health professionals urgently need the very best science in order to protect the public, and climate science has increasingly critical implications for their day-to-day work,"" he said in the statement. ""With more and more hot days, which exacerbate the proliferation of the Zika virus and other public health threats, we cannot afford to waste any time.""The Carter Center is a nonprofit founded by former President Jimmy Carter and his wife, Rosalynn Carter, to fight disease, hunger, poverty, conflict and oppression around the world. Carter offered use of its facilities for Thursday's Climate & Health Meeting.In a guest appearance at the meeting, Carter said that while considering the possible opinion or disapproval of Congress, ""the CDC has to be a little bit cautious politically; the Carter Center doesn't.""Experts hope efforts to reverse climate change effects also will benefit public health -- and death rate projections.""It's very hard to quantify worldwide death rates from climate change. We can do it in relatively small ways, malaria, hunger, severe storms, but the really big killers are likely to be dropoffs in nutrition, infectious diseases that are a result of both spreading vectors and of poor nutrition, population dislocation and migration,"" said Dr. Howard Frumkin, a professor at the University of Washington School of Public Health, who participated in the meeting.What will determine the projected number of deaths, he said, will be ""depending on how good a job we do in dealing with climate change."""
256	5	"Climate change targets can be highly confusing. There are various types of targets, and lots of uncertainty about how each target could be met and what would happen if it was. Let's look at the three main types of target in turn.Ultimately, temperature rise is the thing that matters, as warming causes all the other symptoms of climate change. There's no agreement about what constitutes a ""safe"" temperature rise but in the hope of reducing the risks to an acceptable level – and in particular to try and limit the chance of crossing ""tipping points"" in the climate system – most of the world's nations have signed up to a non-legally binding target of limiting temperature rise to 2C above pre-industrial levels.However, this target isn't universally accepted. Some of the countries most exposed to climate change – such as low-lying islands at risk of rising sea levels – have called for 1.5C as a maximum allowable temperature rise. And one recent scientific paper said that accepting a temperature rise as large as 2C could be a ""prescription for disaster"".On the other hand, many experts think even 2C is too low to be an achievable target, because the world has already warmed more than 0.7C and scientists expect that it would warm another 0.6C even if we cut emissions to zero tomorrow. That doesn't leave much space to wind-down our fossil fuel use.Temperature targets can refer either to the level at which the global temperature stabilises (e.g. levelling off and remaining at 2C) or to a peak (e.g. reaching 2C and then falling to a lower level). Humans don't determine the global temperature directly, but by affecting the concentration of greenhouse gases in the air. To meet any temperature target, therefore, the world need to reduce its emissions sufficiently to stabilise that concentration an appropriate level.Concentration targets can be particularly confusing because ""concentration"" can refer to three different things:• the concentration only of carbon dioxide, the main man-made greenhouse gas, as measured in parts of CO2 per million (ppm)• the combined impact of all the man-made greenhouse gases measured in ppm of CO2e (the amount of CO2 that would be required to create an equivalent amount of warming)• the combined impact of man-made greenhouse gases plus the cooling effect of man-made aerosol pollution, also measured in CO2eTo confuse things further, we don't know exactly how sensitive the climate will prove to be to increased greenhouse gas concentration. That means each concentration target could lead to a range of possible temperatures. Picking a concentration target is therefore partly a matter of deciding how much risk we're prepared to take of hitting or exceeding 2C or any other temperature target.There isn't currently an agreed global target for greenhouse gas concentration, though 450 ppm CO2e (for all greenhouse gases) is frequently cited as a sensible place for the world to aim. Assuming mid-range estimates for climate sensitivity, 450 CO2e ppm would give us a roughly 50% chance of limiting temperatures to 2C according to the last IPCC report. Above that concentration, our chances of avoiding 2C decline; below it, they improve.Another much-cited target is stabilising CO2 (as opposed to all greenhouse gases) at 350ppm. This would mean reducing the concentration from the current level, which is around 390ppm and rising each year. If this could be achieved – which would most likely entail removing some of the CO2 currently in the air in addition to rapidly reducing emissions virtually to zero – then it might allow global temperatures to level off at around 1.5C above pre-industrial levels, according to the UK's Met Office – though the situation would depend on what happens to emissions of the other greenhouse gases.The 350 ppm CO2 target was the original rationale for the name of the 350.org campaign – though the group now argues that, due to global warming happening faster than previously thought, the world should instead aim for 350ppm CO2e. This is an even more ambitious target which could see global temperatures stabilised at around 1C above pre-industrial levels, according to the Met Office. Again, though, it's unlikely such a target could be achieved without a significant global effort to remove CO2 from the air.Concentrations are still one step removed from direct human control. To meet any temperature or concentration target, we need emissions targets to determine how much greenhouse gas we can we can emit over what timeframe.Sometimes emissions targets are expressed in terms of relative emissions cuts – for example, cutting global emissions by 50% by 2050, relative to 1990. However, such targets are somewhat broad-brush because they can be met in different ways. Keeping emissions flat until the 2040s and then sharply cutting them would mean far more greenhouse gas entering the atmosphere in total – and therefore a larger temperature rise – than cutting emissions sharply next year and then keeping them flat until 2050.Less vague than a relative target is an emissions trajectory, which defines how much greenhouse gas the world emits each year going forward. (Even with a trajectory, however, there's still some uncertainty around the resulting concentration, because we don't know exactly what proportion of future emissions will be absorbed by the sea or land, as opposed to remaining in the atmosphere where they cause warming.)A common way to define an emissions trajectory is to pick a year when global emissions should peak and an annual rate of decline from that peak. Scientists have examined lots of trajectories, each of which gives a range of likely concentrations and in turn a range of temperature outcomes. According to Met Office research, global emissions would need to peak by 2016 and decline by 4% a year to provide a 50% chance of avoiding 2C. For a better chance, we'd need to peak emissions even sooner and/or cut them even faster after the peak.There is no internationally agreed target for peaking global emissions at present, let alone their rate of decline afterwards. At the Copenhagen climate conference, the draft ""Danish Text"" included a reference to emissions peaking no later than 2020 (and falling to 50% by 2050). But this text was abandoned and no such goal has subsequently been agreed.One final type of emissions target is the total amount of CO2 that the world can emit over a particular period – sometimes known as a cumulative emissions target or a carbon budget. According to one landmark study, the world should limit total future emissions to around half a trillion tonnes of CO2 if we want a 50% chance of avoiding 2C.• This answer last updated: 10.11.2011• Read about the project and suggest a question• Report an error in this answerRelated questions• What is the emissions trading scheme and does it work?• What is the economic cost of climate change?• Is the world really getting warmer?This post by The Guardian is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-No Derivative Works 2.0 UK: England & Wales License.Based on a work at theguardian.com"
114	2	The Taliban has vowed to tackle climate change and global security as part of the terror group's attempt to rebrand itself and modernise despite reports of civilian executions and the erosion of women's rights under the new Afghan regime.Abdul Qahar Balkhi, a member of the Taliban's Cultural Commission, says the Islamists want to play a role on the global stage.He told Newsweek: 'We hope not only to be recognised by regional countries but the entire world at large as the legitimate representative government of the people of Afghanistan who have gained their right of self-determination from a foreign occupation with the backing and support of an entire nation after a prolonged struggle and immense sacrifices despite all odds being stacked against our people. 'We believe the world has a unique opportunity of rapprochement and coming together to tackle the challenges not only facing us but the entire humanity.'These challenges ranging from world security and climate change need the collective efforts of all, and cannot be achieved if we exclude or ignore an entire people who have been devastated by imposed wars for the past four decades.'The Taliban has vowed to tackle climate change and global security as part of the terror group's attempt to rebrand itself and moderniseThe comments come amid the Taliban's efforts to project a more moderate image, two decades after they were ousted from power in Afghanistan.During their rule from 1996 to 2001, they committed massacres, eroded women's rights, burned vast areas of fertile land as part of its scorched earth policy, harboured terrorists and sold women into sex slavery as part of its harsh enforcement of Sharia law.Despite their alleged climate change goals, the Taliban previously carried out heavy deforestation from an illegal timber trade.Millions of acres of forests were cleared throughout the country to supply wood to the Pakistani markets with no reforestation efforts.  Abdul Qahar Balkhi (pictured), a member of the Taliban's Cultural Commission, says the Islamists want to play a role on the global stageAfter seizing power again, the Taliban has now vowed to build a more 'inclusive' society and claimed women's rights will be respected and girls will still be able to go to school.But the UN has already warned severe rights abuses are being carried out including 'summary executions' of civilians, the recruitment of child soldiers and restrictions on the rights of women and girls. Meanwhile the country's former interior minister Masoud Andarabi has claimed innocent children are being killed.Many Afghans are clearly skeptical of the Taliban's new promises and have been racing to the leave the country, leading to the chaos at Kabul's international airport.Taliban leaders have promised to restore security and tried to project an image of moderation, but many Afghans are skepticalThe new regime has not yet outlined its foreign policy aims other than aggressively seeking investment to ensure their 'stability'.Spokesmen Suhail Shaheen and Zabihullah Mujahid have claimed women will have a say in their new government in their attempts to woo foreign investors.But there were chilling reports last week that Islamist militants were stalking cities across Afghanistan for women and girls.Jihadist commanders were reportedly ordering imams in areas they have captured to bring them lists of unmarried women aged from 12 to 45 for their soldiers to marry because they view them as 'qhanimat' or 'spoils of war' - to be divided up among the victors. The Taliban has also been accused of preventing foreign citizens from entering Kabul airport.The Pentagon said on Wednesday that US forces have 'been very clear' with the Taliban 'about what credentials we are willing to accept' for people trying to get to the airport.'By and large, with caveats' people have been getting through checkpoints, spokesman John Kirby said, adding 'we also have other means to get people in.''When we have reports that someone credentialed is not being let in, we are making that clear to Taliban leaders they need to let them in,' Kirby said.It was also revealed that a military operation recovered 'less than 20 people' from Kabul under cover of darkness and brought them safely to the airport for evacuation.Members of the GOP said on Tuesday night that Biden has 'blood on his hands' because thousands of American citizens and Afghan allies who helped U.S. troops could be left to die when the final evacuation flights depart - which could even be before midnight on Aug. 31 to ensure a safe evacuation of everyone at the airport.
466	4	ANALYSIS: One of the most controversial things in the Climate Change Commission’s carbon-cutting blueprint is a figure: less than 1 per cent of GDP. That’s the total cost of the commission’s proposal. That figure shut down one of the last politically acceptable reasons to oppose climate action: because it’s too expensive. National and ACT MPs say they don’t believe a word of it and are taking aim at the commission’s economic model. ACT environmental spokesperson Simon Court​ says, until the model is scrutinised, the country can’t be confident that the commission’s blueprint is backed by good evidence. READ MORE: * Why the Climate Change Commission's targets are so weak * 'Not transformational': climate commission's blueprint disappoints green activists * 'The Government will not hold back': Jacinda Ardern on how NZ could go zero carbon  Their detractors, meanwhile, say this is a smokescreen – the last resort of those who oppose climate action, but can’t openly say so. Climate scientist Jim Salinger​ calls it “doubt-mongering”. Stuff took a look at the furore. What on earth is an economic model? It helps to think of a model as being like the video game The Sims. It’s a recreation, based on data, of our country that’s sitting in a computer. Models have to simplify things – so the commission’s only simulate our carbon-producing activities. For example, if you drive into town to get a haircut, it captures the carbon dioxide produced by your car and any coal that was burned to power the hair dryer. But it ignores the chat between you and the hairdresser.  To help it do its job, the commission built three models. One simulates what happens to the country’s emissions if we introduce different carbon-cutting behaviours and tech. A second takes these results and calculates what will happen to our economy – such GDP and exports – under this pathway. The third model takes these results and simulates our employment market, to tell us how many people in particular industries might lose or gain a job. As well as calculating the effect on GDP, these models say the commission’s roadmap will put the country on a path to net zero and could cause up to 1100 people to lose jobs in the oil, gas and coal industry between now and 2035 (though they project those roles will be replaced by work in greener industries). Although the commission has staff who can run and interpret the models, it paid private contractors Concept Consulting and Motu to build all three of these models. This isn’t unusual, says University of Otago economist Dennis Wesselbaum​. OK. Why is anyone interested in the models? It’s not only politicians raising questions. Some economists are also surprised by the results. Wesselbaum thinks they’re too good to be true.  The commission points out UK and EU climate models are spitting out similar results. But Wesselbaum thinks we need to ask questions about any suspicious findings, before they’re used as the basis for a government plan. ACT’s Court is calling for the commission to purchase and publish the proprietary formulas in the models, which are owned by the contractors. It’s unlikely they’d consider this, as it could put their modellers out of business. NZ Initiative economists Eric Crampton​ and Matt Burgess​ have also voiced concerns. Crampton points to other models “that showed more substantial economic consequence”.  Commission chair Rod Carr​ explains GDP as a measure of how busy our economy is. Decarbonising our country will make us busier in some industries. In others (such as the fossil fuel sector), we’ll become less busy. The controversial figure, less than 1 per cent of GDP, accounts for both changes. “When a country prepares to go to war, GDP rises,” he says. “We are going to undertake work to reduce our emissions in agriculture and industry. That work will be valued and valuable in the economy.” We’ll also be replacing imported fuels (such as oil) with homegrown electricity, which adds to our country’s GDP, Carr says. Peer reviewers both here and abroad have already scrutinised the models. One expert, Adolf Stroombergen​, says they are producing consistent results. He notes the estimate of less than 1 per cent of GDP isn’t compared to a world where we pollute freely, but the current trajectory we’re on today – which includes everything we’ve introduced to date to cut carbon. In other words, that 1 per cent is the difference between what we’re already doing, and what’s in the commission’s blueprint. Based on what Stroombergen knows, the figure is “perhaps a tad on the low side” but is in the right ballpark. Everyone (who wants to) will get a chance to play with the models in July, at the latest. But that’s more than a month after the commission will finalise and present its budget and advice to the Government. At the moment, they contain commercially-sensitive information – such as statistics provided in secret by companies. This is one reason the Reserve Bank doesn’t release its model.  The climate commission’s “sister organisation” in the EU, the Joint Research Centre, also doesn’t publish its version. Politicians are comparing the commission’s results to another model – by consultancy NZIER – that was used when the Zero Carbon Bill was being drafted. But that’s never been made public. Stroombergen says it’s uncommon for a model to be published for people to play with. “These things cost an awful lot of money to develop and maintain – and you’re just giving away your intellectual property.” The commission will need to hide the commercial information and proprietary formulas before publication. It also wants to publish models that a pair of fresh eyes could navigate (as opposed to something only suitable for boffins) so it’ll tidy up and label them before release. Protecting commercially sensitive information is a fair reason, Wesselbaum says. “But you would have to show as much as you can show… That might convince me or not.” So these guys suspect a model contains a mistake, then? Some criticism of the commission flagged a famous (ahem, in economic circles) example of an error in economic research – though there’s no proof of a mistake in the commission’s model. Economists, including Victoria University’s Viv Hall​, say significant errors in models are rare. The commission’s also been criticised for the choice of Excel as the software that one model runs in. The commission says it’s double-checking its work as it goes. And again, all three models have been peer reviewed. No-one flagged Excel as a concern. The source of this disagreement is more likely to be the assumptions the commission is making about the future. What’s an assumption? Think of it as an educated guess. To run, a calculator needs you to feed in numbers to get an answer. Similarly, a model needs the commission to feed in assumptions in order to produce results. These assumptions include everything from the cost of an EV battery to what the price of milk will be. Burgess agrees there are no right or wrong answers. “But we want to see which judgments are important and look at the literature to see how well the alignment is.” For example, the commission assumes the upfront sticker price of electric cars will eventually become cheaper than petrol and diesel versions, with the tipping point occurring between 2035 and 2036. The commission used research, government and business data to determine these estimates. This type of assumption is listed on the website, and the commission asked the public how it might make better estimates.  What other assumptions are in there? As well as these numbers, the model needs the commission to tell it what a good low-carbon journey looks like, says one of the commission’s modelling experts Chris Holland​. These assumptions aren’t numerical. For example, the commission told the model that it doesn’t want anyone to replace any appliances or vehicles before they stop working. This might come across as a principle – with the commission concluding that any future where we scrap our perfectly functional fossil-fuelled appliances or cars is a bad outcome. The models themselves are politically agnostic and are designed to minimise costs. But by feeding in this type of assumption, the commission changes the result. So if a household switches from a natural gas cylinder to a lower-carbon electric (or possibly a hydrogen) version, they can do it at the end of the fossil-fuelled appliance’s working life, when they were facing a bill anyway. Some of these assumptions are built into the models. One assumes the overall employment rate will stay steady, Stroombergen says. So while employees in the oil and gas industry increasingly won’t get replaced, opportunities in fields such as battery technology grow. “It’s only if the pace of change is really fast that you end up with temporary surges in unemployment,” he adds. “In the long run, it is not carbon policy that determines our level of employment.” OK, are there other concerns about the commission’s work? Some have been raised, though there’s a bit of confusion mixed in with the criticism. One is to do with how the model decides which policies offer the best bang-for-buck. One way to do this is to calculate how much it costs for each proposal – for instance, a coal ban – to reduce one tonne of carbon, which is called a marginal abatement cost (what a mouthful). There’s rigorous debate on whether comparing the relative costs of policies today is helpful. Today’s costs aren’t reflective of tomorrow’s, and everything from a rise in the price of oil to a major Government announcement (such as proposing a ban) can influence them.  For example, the cost of batteries, wind turbines and solar panels have fallen dramatically, former Parliamentary Commissioner for the Environment Jan Wright​ says. “When you set a firm goal, you have a lot of companies that are going to innovate to try to reach that goal – and cost reduction, because they’re competing with each other, can happen quite quickly.” Some are slamming the commission for not releasing these abatement costs. But the commission says it can’t, because it didn’t use any. Instead, when the model compares goods such as petrol cars and EVs, it calculates and compares the total cost of ownership. It uses a whole host of assumptions, from sticker price to battery capacity, to do that. The attractiveness of an EV is a moving target – for instance, electric cars get cheaper and batteries better every year. Road user charges and regional petrol taxes are an added complexity. On EVs, the commission has been conservative, thinking drivers will only be won over when their lifetime costs are up to 25 per cent cheaper than petrol and diesel options. Questions have also been raised about how wages might be affected – if economic growth is delayed by 6 months, it’s likely wage growth will be too. Those estimates would need to be done by Treasury or Statistics NZ, Carr says. Stroombergen is confident in the commission’s modelling work. He did advise it to test how robust and sensitive the results were to certain assumptions, before releasing its final report. “They’ve done a good job.” Are people looking for a problem in the models? Now a climate activist in his retirement, Salinger worries the debate about models could derail public confidence in the process, right when cutting carbon is critical. “We need to leave the [commission] to focus on the most important changes to be made from the submissions between its draft and final reports, rather than being side-tracked down rabbit holes of issues of minor significance,” he says.  Carr says this debate is less likely to be about the three models at all, and more about the type of advice the commission is recommending. What’s in the advice, then? The commission recommends we use both our emissions trading scheme and regulations to get to net zero carbon.  It wants to nudge up how much it costs to release greenhouse gas to the air, by influencing the carbon price in the trading scheme.  On the regulation side, it backs a ban on petrol and diesel cars (following Canada, Japan and the UK) amongst others. It’s also asked the government to consider a ban on new gas connections, no later than 2025. No model spits out policy, Stroombergen says. The recommendations are coming from the seven commissioners. The model tells them the trajectory our emissions would take and they use their judgement to suggest the types of policies we’ll need – which they’ve been asked to do under the law. Notably, only the Government has the power to introduce regulations. It’s the job of government agencies to do the detailed analysis and public consultation on the policies suggested by the commission, Carr says. The proposed approach – a mix of carbon pricing and regulation – is a provocation to free-market proponents. They want as little regulation as possible, since it’s an expensive – and to them, unfair – way to promote change.  If the experts get it wrong, regulation is a lot “stickier” to unravel, NZ Initiative’s Crampton says. He’s calling for the emissions trading scheme to do the vast majority of the heavy lifting, with minimal regulation, saying that should be more cost-effective.  Banning fuels or technologies “doesn’t do that much for overall emissions, [and] does a whole lot to increase the experienced cost of getting to net zero,” he says. But that plan relies on the current and the next nine Governments holding their nerve to keep a sinking lid on the amount of pollution allowed. It would cause the price of carbon – and petrol, natural gas and diesel bills – to spike. Politicians of the day could face increasingly loud consumer and company complaints.  History suggests this could be risky. Previous Governments kept the scheme toothless for nearly a decade.  As then-Parliamentary Commissioner, Wright highlighted the scheme’s weaknesses in 2012. “We haven’t covered ourselves in glory with the way we’ve dealt with the emissions trading scheme,” she says. “It’s necessary but not sufficient.” The commission’s philosophy is that the emissions trading scheme will work for some sources of emissions, but not others. It’s not alone in this thinking – many researchers agree.  The free market versus regulatory debate is a wider argument about how to run a country, Carr says. “Naturally, in a mixed economy, you’ve got a wide variety of views.” There are benefits to regulation. It’s a good way to send people a signal years in advance, Carr says. “We need to be rational about where we choose to let markets run and where we make sure markets are appropriately regulated.” The commission’s approach also places weight on avoiding social costs, such as a scenario where landlords could choose a gas appliance, leaving tenants to foot the rising bills. I thought we gave the Climate Change Commission the job of deciding our zero-carbon path because they were a group of independent experts. Are critics now saying they’re incompetent? The commission was designed to be independent, with all political parties consulted on the seven commissioners chosen. The budgets and advice were released in draft form so everyone could provide feedback on the modelling work and policies suggested. It also asked the country to evaluate the seven principles it used to guide its thinking. More than 10,000 responses have been received and will be considered before the commission releases its final work in May. This will contain the latest modelling. It’s inevitable that the country won’t pick the perfect, fairest, most robust and most cost-effective way to transition to zero carbon. We can’t predict the future and we’re going to have to build the plane as we fly it – a lot like we did with the pandemic. The commission admits that, and says it will adjust its roadmap as new evidence and new tech emerges. Wright thinks people are confused about exactly what the law asks the commission to do. “This is not surprising, because it’s a brand-new institution.” It needs to provide advice on the direction of policy, rather than road test policies. “I would hate to think this is going to damage the status of the commission,” she adds. “It’s so important that the independence [of the commission] is maintained.” Stay on top of the latest climate news. The Forever Project's Olivia Wannan will keep you in the know each week. Sign up here.
324	5	STOCKHOLM — The world’s top climate scientists on Friday formally embraced an upper limit on greenhouse gases for the first time, establishing a target level at which humanity must stop spewing them into the atmosphere or face irreversible climatic changes. They warned that the target is likely to be exceeded in a matter of decades unless steps are taken soon to reduce emissions.Unveiling the latest United Nations assessment of climate science, the experts cited a litany of changes that were already under way, warned that they were likely to accelerate and expressed virtual certainty that human activity is the main cause. “Climate change is the greatest challenge of our time,” said Thomas F. Stocker, co-chairman of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, the United Nations-sponsored group of scientists that produced the report. “In short, it threatens our planet, our only home.”The panel, in issuing its most definitive assessment yet of the risks of human-caused warming, hoped to give impetus to international negotiations toward a new climate treaty, which have languished in recent years in a swamp of technical and political disputes. The group made clear that time was not on the planet’s side if emissions continued unchecked. “Human influence has been detected in warming of the atmosphere and the ocean, in changes in the global water cycle, in reductions in snow and ice, in global mean sea level rise, and in changes in some climate extremes,” the report said. “It is extremely likely that human influence has been the dominant cause of the observed warming since the mid-20th century.”The new report is a 36-page summary for world leaders of a 900-page report that is to be released next week on the physical science of climate change. That will be followed by additional reports in 2014 on the most likely impacts and on possible steps to limit the damage. A draft of the summary leaked last month, and the final version did not change greatly, though it was edited for clarity.Going well beyond its four previous analyses of the emissions problem, the panel endorsed a “carbon budget” for humanity — a limit on the amount of the primary greenhouse gas, carbon dioxide, that can be produced by industrial activities and the clearing of forests. No more than one trillion metric tons of carbon could be burned and the resulting gases released into the atmosphere, the panel found, if planetary warming is to be kept below 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit (2 degrees Celsius) above the level of preindustrial times. That temperature is a target above which scientists believe the most dangerous effects of climate change would begin to occur. Just over a half-trillion tons have already been burned since the beginning of the Industrial Revolution, and at the rate energy consumption is growing, the trillionth ton will be burned sometime around 2040, according to calculations by Myles R. Allen, a scientist at the University of Oxford and one of the authors of the new report. More than three trillion tons of carbon are still left in the ground as fossil fuels.Once the trillion-ton budget is exhausted, companies that wanted to keep burning fossil fuels would have to come up with ways to capture carbon dioxide and store it underground. In the United States, the Obama administration is moving forward with rules that would essentially require such technology, which is likely to be costly, for any future coal-burning power plants; the president’s Republican opponents have accused him of waging a “war on coal.”The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change is a worldwide committee of hundreds of scientists that issues major reports every five or six years, advising governments on the latest knowledge on climate change.  The group has now issued five major reports since 1990, each of them finding greater certainty that the world is warming and greater likelihood that human activity is the chief cause. The new report finds a 95 to 100 percent chance that most of the warming of recent decades is human-caused, up from the 90 to 100 percent chance cited in the last report, in 2007.But the new document also acknowledges that climate science still contains uncertainties, including the likely magnitude of the warming for a given level of emissions, the rate at which the ocean will rise, and the likelihood that plants and animals will be driven to extinction. The scientists emphasized, however, that those uncertainties cut in both directions and the only way to limit the risk is to limit emissions.Climate-skeptic organizations assailed the new report as alarmist even before it was published.The Heartland Institute, a Chicago organization, issued a document last week saying that any additional global warming would likely be limited to a few tenths of a degree and that this “would not represent a climate crisis.”One issue much cited by the climate doubters is the slowdown in global warming that has occurred over the past 15 years. The report acknowledged that it was not fully understood, but said such pauses had occurred in the past and the natural variability of climate was a likely explanation.“People think that global warming means every year is going to be warmer than the year before,” said Gerald A. Meehl, an American scientist who helped write the report. “It’s more like a stair-step kind of thing.”Climate scientists not involved in writing the new report said the authors had made a series of cautious choices in their assessment of the scientific evidence. Regarding sea level rise, for instance, they gave the first firm estimates ever contained in an intergovernmental panel report, declaring that if emissions continued at a rapid pace, the rise by the end of the 21st century could be as much as three feet. They threw out a string of published papers suggesting a worst-case rise closer to five feet.Similarly, the authors went out of their way to include recent papers suggesting that the earth might be less sensitive to carbon dioxide emissions than previously thought, even though serious questions have been raised about the validity of those estimates.The new report lowered the bottom end of the range of potential warming that could be expected to occur over the long term if the carbon dioxide level in the atmosphere were to double, reversing a decision that the panel made in the last report and restoring a scientific consensus that had prevailed from 1979 to 2007. Six years ago, that range was reported as 3.6 to 8.1 degrees Fahrenheit; the new range is 2.7 to 8.1 degrees.In Washington, President Obama’s science adviser, John P. Holdren, cited increased scientific confidence “that the kinds of harm already being experienced from climate change will continue to worsen unless and until comprehensive and vigorous action to reduce emissions is undertaken worldwide.”Ban Ki-moon, the United Nations secretary general, spoke to delegates at the meeting on Friday by video link, declaring his intention to call a meeting of heads of state in 2014 to push such a treaty forward. The last such meeting, in Copenhagen in 2009, ended in disarray.
65	3	Farmers in Bangladesh are adapting to climate change, and it’s having an impact in faraway places—including on restaurant menus.DHAKA, Bangladesh—Here at Binni, a slightly run-down restaurant in one of Dhaka’s trendier neighborhoods, beef, chicken, and mutton dishes are slapped down on the table with a mere murmur. But when the waiter brings Hash Bhuna to the table, he announces it to the whole room, laying down the plate and pulling off the ceramic lid with a theatrical hand flick.Coated in a thick layer of spicy sauce, the duck (hash in Bengali) is succulent and dark, and well deserving of its reputation as a traditional South Asian delicacy. Once a special treat reserved for winter, Hash Bhuna is more and more available out of season. And in Dhaka’s growing number of East Asian restaurants, duck dishes are also always on the menu these days.A four-hour drive away, in Bangladesh’s wetland region, Shopna Akter’s life, too, has changed. She used to raise chickens while her husband worked as a laborer on rice paddies nearby. Climate change has made that way of life unpredictable, though—sudden floods caused rice crops and chickens to perish and incomes to plummet. Recently the couple switched and began raising ducks, a business that is now prospering. The reason for their success? “Ducks,” Akter told me matter-of-factly, “can swim.”They are part of a duck-farming program introduced by a local nongovernmental organization, BRAC, which, along with other NGOs elsewhere in the country, is trying to help farmers adapt to changing weather conditions. This is just one among a growing array of efforts to help the vulnerable around the world cope with the effects of climate change without forcing them to move away—the Internal Displacement Monitoring Centre, a Switzerland-based NGO, says 17.2 million people were displaced worldwide last year because of fast- and slow-onset climate-related disasters. Yet programs such as the one here illustrate the manifold impact that such adaptation programs have, not just for those doing the adapting, but for others as well, affecting everyday issues such as what is on the menu at a faraway restaurant.As a delta country, full of rivers and surrounded by the sea, Bangladesh is one of the places most affected by climate change, and the eighth most prone to natural disasters, according to the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies. It faces myriad issues, including rising sea levels, river and coastal erosion, increased water and soil salinity, flooding, drought, storms, and cyclones.The Haors, the wetlands where Akter lives, used to have regular rains, says Miganur Rahman, a BRAC staffer, but now precipitation is unpredictable. There are periods of both unexpected flooding and drought. This has a big impact on paddy farmers: When the rain comes too early, they cannot harvest their crops, and lose their investment. Unpredictable rainfall in neighboring India also has an impact, says Feisal Rahman, a research coordinator at the International Centre for Climate Change and Development, a Dhaka-based think tank: The steep slope from the Himalayas means that when it rains across the border, the Haors are hit by “a deluge of water.”BRAC is trying to scale up duck farming to create a more resilient livelihood for people in the Haors, where previously ducks were raised only on a small scale. The organization carefully selects people—mostly women—to receive training in duck raising and an interest-free loan of 100,000 taka (about $1,200).The advantages of ducks for farmers such as Akter are several. Chickens catch infections much more easily than ducks do when they get wet, too hot, or too cold, Helal Uddin, the BRAC agriculturalist who first came up with the duck program, told me. And when it rained, Akter and her husband had to pay to raise the floor of their coop to protect the chickens, cutting into their profits. The couple “had to stress about selling them as soon as possible,” Akter said.Ducks are also more profitable, selling for almost twice as much as similar-size chickens. While the price might eventually go down as supply increases, duck raising still provides a year-round income—unlike rice crops, which, because of the region’s weather patterns, can be harvested only once a year.Akter’s ducks are sold as meat, but others are involved in different parts of duck farming. A decade ago, Pinku Das and his wife, Shipra, started to raise ducks for eggs when his work as a day laborer was not bringing in enough money. For the first four years, the couple had only about 20 ducks, but after receiving a loan and training from BRAC, they were able to scale up their business. Now they have a few thousand ducks and are collecting at least 500 eggs a day, and their income has jumped about tenfold.“It’s a huge value chain,” says Miganur Rahman, the BRAC staffer. “A whole economic shift is taking place, which started just a few years ago—all because of ducks.”In just the Haors, BRAC says about 300 families are involved in hatching, 2,000 raise the ducklings, and an additional 4,000 farm adult ducks. Elsewhere in the country, the Bangladesh Red Crescent Society and CARE International run other duck-raising projects.Nor is it just ducks. In the southwest of Bangladesh, crab fattening is on the rise. Its proponents hope crabs, which sell at high prices—especially the meatier ones—can form part of a new coastal economy, stemming the tide of migration to the cities.Rising sea levels and the increased intrusion onto arable land of salt water, which makes soil infertile, have made traditional agriculture farming impossible for many who live in this region, which borders the Sundarban mangrove forest. As a result, farmers have, over several years, shifted from paddy farming to shrimp cultivation. This, however, has created fresh problems, as it requires regularly bringing more salty water inland, further destroying the farmland needed to grow crops and causing more environmental damage.Much like the duck-raising programs, organizations such as the British-based charity Voluntary Service Overseas and the United Nations Development Program are providing loans and training for crab fattening. According to VSO’s program manager, Shafiqur Rahman, this is less environmentally damaging and more profitable than shrimp cultivation. Crabs are also more disease-resistant and more resilient to change in water salinity than shrimp are. And farmers typically need far fewer crabs, which are easier to take care of, to make the same profit. Besides crabs, the UNDP project is introducing cow, goat, and pig fattening and hydroponic vegetable-growing (which involves cultivating plants in a mineral-nutrient solution rather than soil) to help communities that have been left landless by river erosion and rising soil salinity. The efforts also have the consequence of arresting migration from these areas to cities. Sapna Khan, who lives on the edge of the Sundarbans, uses the additional money she has earned by raising goats to put her son through school. “I want him to be able to stay here and make a living, not have to leave for the city,” she told me.In the Haors, Akter’s life has already changed. A few years ago, her ducks went no farther than the nearest town, Habiganj, where, in the local markets—at that time disconnected from national business chains—they were sold at artificially low prices.Now they are carried by traveling duck traders along the bumpy tracks from her village of Kander Hathi to the Sylhet-Dhaka highway, and hawked in the hubbub of one of the capital’s bazaars. Finally, they end up diced and spiced on plates in restaurants like Binni, and in the bellies of well-to-do Dhakaites—happy to pay hundreds of taka for a morsel of Hash Bhuna.
994	3	"Almata Diagne and four of her six children have taken cover from the sun beneath a makeshift tent on the beach in Ndiebene Gandiol, western Senegal.The oldest daughter, Magat, carries her 4-month-old sister in a shawl on her back while she helps her mother put the fish they've just bought from a middleman into a bucket. Later, Almata will take them to market in the larger town of Saint-Louis.Read more:  Senegal's vanishing villagesThe average of roughly 10 euros ($11) a day she makes from selling the fish supplements what her husband Babacar Jo is able to send from his salary in Spain. He left for Europe in 2006, when Almata was married to someone else. After they divorced, she and Babacar were able to wed during one of his return visits to Gandiol, but even as man and wife, they rarely see each other. He spends most of the year in Spain, supporting not only his two wives and children but also his parents from afar.""We receive about 30,000 West African CFA Francs (€46) from him every two to three months,” says Almata, adding that it's hard for him to earn enough money for everybody. She knows she cannot fully rely on him.Read more: Raising money from catfish in Ghana""Part of the Senegalese tradition is to support family members,"" says sociologist Oumoul Khaïry Coulibaly-Tandian, who has co-authored a study on the impacts of environmental change on migration in Senegal. ""You have to give money to your mother or sister, even if they're not in need, just to respect tradition. The bonds are stronger with your own family than with your wife.""She told DW that women in rural areas understand they have to work, and ""can't just be waiting for the money from their husbands.""Empty watersBabacar is one of many men who left the small village of Ndiébène Gandiol, where the shoreline is now dotted with abandoned homes that were destroyed by flooding or erosion caused by rising sea levels.Arona Fall, who works in the nearby national park, has seen the impact that climate change has had on the village.   ""Nowadays, if you dig a well, it's hard to get fresh water. Before, this [part of the village] was a river, but now the river and the ocean have become one because of the rising sea levels.""Before he left, Babacar's livelihood, like that of most villagers, was fishing. Unused boats on the beaches serve as symbols of a defeated industry. Locals say there aren't enough fish anymore.Read more: Business and migration to shape Merkel's trip to West Africa Some blame it on rising temperatures that have driven stocks to cooler waters in the north, while others attribute it to large foreign commercial boats that fish, sometimes illegally, in local waters.Fish has long been the staple protein in Senegal. The collapse of fish stocks in recent years, reportedly by as much as80 percent in some areas, has led to increased food insecurity. Away from the water, the desert is encroaching further into the village, leaving those who live off the land with little to grow beyond onions and carrots.""I want to come back but I don't know when. As there are no fish in the ocean, I'd have nothing to do here,” Mamadou Diakhate told DW while visiting his wife and two children back home. Like Babacar, he was once a fisherman here, but now lives in Spain, which struck a 2006 deal with Senegal, allowing migrants to work legally. Many other men who saw no option but to leave, went to different African countries. Precious few choicesThiaroye sur le Mer, a suburban area on the outskirts of the capital Dakar, is another place where the fishing industry has collapsed.""Our community depends on fishing but we cannot compete with big, well-equipped foreign boats,"" says Yayi Bayam Diouf, a woman with experience of the dangers migrants face when they leave Senegal. Her son died on a boat trying to reach Europe.After his death, she established the Collective of Women for the Fight Against Illegal Migration in Senegal, which provides training and microloans for women affected adversely by the migration of family members. Those who take part can gain different skills, such as making soap or preserved fruit, thereby generating an income for their families.As well as working with women, Yayi Bayam Diouf is also trying to convince potential migrants to stay in their home country, by talking to them about what life is like for Senegalese migrants in Europe.""I tell them the truth. Often as many as eight share one room, they have no documents, they do not speak the language,"" she says.Read more: Madagascar: No more fish? We'll farm seaweed insteadShe points out the alternatives to leaving: ""With the money you need to get to Europe, you could establish a small business here in Senegal.""Such alternatives can work for some, but the fact remains that more than two-thirds of the Senegalese population still depends on agriculture and fishing, both of which are affected by rising temperatures and erratic weather patterns.It's not a challenge restricted to Senegal, but rather part of a wider global trend. Recent findings by researchers at the University of British Columbia outline how climate change could impact global fishing, predicting that millions around the world could lose their jobs and food source, and be forced to migrate if global temperatures exceed the 1.5 degrees Celsius rise of the Paris climate agreement.Senegal's next generationSometimes Almata also joins women from local villages as they set off on small boats to look for clams, which rising sea levels have brought closer inland. She can sell them for around 3 euros a kilo.Read more: Women custodians of biodiversity hold key to food securityBefore she goes to the market, Almata takes a few minutes to rest on a step in front of her house. The midday heat has become unbearable. Magat, who dropped out of school a few years ago to take care of the household and the younger children while their mother works, has gone to fetch water.Despite the uncertainty of the future, Almata hopes the next generation will still find opportunities. ""The work I do is very hard, I'm often very tired. I don't want my kids to work like this, I want them to go to school and be successful,"" says Almata as she lifts a bucket of 20 kilos of fish onto her head. "
408	3	"Watch: A report on Environment Aotearoa. Credits: Video - Newshub; Image - SuppliedA Kiwi environmental charity is aiming to plant more than 12,000 trees by the end of Saturday as a report into climate change indicates its the best way to fight global warming. The study says planting a trillion trees is the cheapest solution, and former Young New Zealander of the Year Sam Judd is ready to do more than his bit. Judd is working with Waikato businesses and charities as well as the Waikato Regional Council to plant 12,500 trees by the end of Saturday.The co-founder of Sustainable Coastlines joined forces the community groups and they spent Friday at Lovells Rd in Cambridge to meet their goal. Supported by local schools and Black Sticks hockey team members, Judd says the efforts of nearly 150 volunteers put them ahead of their original target of 10,000 trees.He told Newshub nearly 6000 trees had been planted on Friday, with another full day of mucking in planned for Saturday.""We've been smashing it,"" Judd told Newshub.""It is the best thing that New Zealanders can do to address climate change; is plant trees on marginal land like this.""If you look at the recent State of the Environment report, we are going in a bad trajectory when it comes to loss of threatened, native species.""The Environment Aotearoa report found 90 percent of our seabirds and 76 percent of our freshwater fish are at risk of extinction.Once the project was complete, Judd hoped a number of native species, such as long-finned eels, would be able to thrive in the wetland environment.""I think the key thing that we need to do is scale up on these types of efforts.""We need to engage with multiple different groups in the community.""Judd said they were proving when lots of groups come together for one cause, a difference can be made.""We can actually start to see some hope in people that we can change some of those things that aren't going so well.""Tomorrow [Saturday] is an open day for the public, and we're able to cater for very lunch numbers - we're looking for as many people as we can to just scale it up.""The goal was 10,000 - I reckon we'll be able to get to about 12,500.""Architectural Profiles Ltd (APL), ANZ and local charity the Ngati Haua Mahi Trust collaborated with them on the project.""We will continue to strive towards creating a better future for generations to come,"" said Mikayla Plaw - APL general manager of organisational development and sustainability.""The Waikato is our primary home and playground, we will therefore continue to support and enhance the region's environment."""
320	5	"The sun is setting in Rishikesh, an Indian city in the Himalayan foothills. Hundreds of people have converged on the banks of the Ganges to sing hymns in praise of the goddess of the sacred river.  One group sits around a pyre to perform the yajna — a religious ritual carried out every evening for centuries to thank the river for flowing. The air is heavy with the aroma of cow dung cake, butter and sandalwood incense.  But worshippers are worried that the mighty Ganges, so central to the religion, culture and economy for millions of Indians, may in the future be reduced to a trickle.  ""I have never seen such scanty water in the River Ganges,"" Gauri Pandey, a cobbler who has been coming here to worship for 45 years, told DW. ""I saw people walking in the river to another bank. The water level was below waist height. Some say if this trend continues, there are chances that Ganges may dry in the next 30 years.""  Disappearing glaciers  Predictions and information about water levels vary, but the WWF has listed the 2,520-kilometer (1,568-mile) Ganges as among the world's most endangered rivers. Scientists and environmentalists have pointed the finger at rising temperatures and receding glaciers.  The holy water originates at the Gangotri glacier, which is more than 5,000 meters (16,400 feet) above sea level on the Indian side of the snowy Himalayas, and provides 70 percent of the river's water.  But it is now shrinking at a rate of 22 meters per year — nearly twice as fast as 20 years ago.  ""The glacier has shrunk by almost 40 kilometers in 50,000 years,"" said Milap Chand Sharma, the country's leading glaciologist and a professor at Jawaharlal Nehru University in New Delhi.  But he added that scientists believe human-caused climate change has resulted in a faster retreat. Winter snowfalls, which maintain the glacier, have been declining, affecting the amount of water flowing into the river annually.  Mahesh Sharma, a journalist attending the evening prayers on the river, has visited the glaciers more than 50 times in the last three decades and has seen the impact.   ""The snow range has lessened,"" he said, adding that even at 5,000 meters, at the source of the Ganges, ""you don't feel like wearing very warm clothes."" Impact on people   The Ganges is not only central to Indian spiritual life — it also provides more than half a billion people with water for drinking and farming.  Eight states in India are already facing drought. And according to the International Water Resource Management Institute, industry and population growth will imply a 32 percent increase in national water demand by 2050.  Kamal Barua sells fish in a local market in Haridwar. He used to live in a village adjacent to Farakka town in west Bengal — but last year, he and his family had to move when the waters in which he fished were no longer deep enough to yield an adequate catch. They are not the only ones.  ""My village was located at one of the largest rivers of the world — I never thought of facing scarcity of water in my entire life,"" he said.  Pollution, not climate change, a priority  But sinking water levels is not the only problem facing the river. By the time the crystal-clear waters have snaked their way down the mountains, past sprawling countryside and through burgeoning cities to meet the sea at the Bay of Bengal, they have become a filthy soup.  Sewage, along with agricultural and industrial waste, have earned the Ganges second-place behind Indonesia's Citarum on the list of the world's most-polluted rivers. And that is taking its toll on human health.  Gastrointestinal and enteric diseases are widespread. In 2012, the World Health Organization said more than 115,000 people in India died from water and sanitation related issues.  And a National Cancer Registry Program study reported a higher incidence of canceramong those living along its banks. India's government has invested more €2.5 billion euros in cleaning up the polluted waters — an operation that has thus far taken precedence over water availability, U.P. Singh, director general of the National Mission for Clean Ganga, told DW. But, he added, cleanup ""is one of our important long-term goals.""  To achieve it, policy-makers have proposed three programs that would interlink rivers across different parts of the country, increasing water supply to those that are drying up.  Connecting people with water  But Rajender Singh, a winner of the Stockholm Water Prize — also known as the Nobel prize for water — considers the plans flawed.  ""Interlinking rivers will not make India drought- and flood-free,"" he said. ""It will create tension and conflicts in the country.""  Singh, who has so far revived eight rivers and helped return water to more than 1,000 villages in the western Indian state of Rajasthan, says efforts to restore the Ganges are too focused on large-scale engineering approaches.  He promotes getting local communities involved in planting trees on riverbanks to deal with the problems of silting and erosion, and restoring tributaries that feed the Ganges.   ""If we wish to free our country from drought and floods, we have to link people with rivers.""  Given that Hindus already have such a profound relationship with their holy Ganges, that is a foundation that can be built upon.  And as Swami Chidanand Saraswati, founder of Ganga Action, stressed at the conclusion of evening prayers in Rishikesh, failure to act could have untold consequences.  ""If Ganga dies, India dies,"" he said.  ""Losing glaciers means losing life — water is life, water is a blessing. That's why it is our prime duty to save the glaciers."""
400	5	"But you know what's not a silver lining of this pandemic? Fixing the climate crisis. We haven't fixed it, aren't fixing it, and the way we're talking about all of this is gross.You've probably seen these headlines — that air pollution and heat-trapping emissions appear to be down as the world economy sits idle. Millions of people are trapped at home while Covid-19, the novel coronavirus, sweeps the globe. We're not consuming in the way that we normally would. We're not flying, driving, gathering, meeting — basically, we're not ""doing"" at all. And yes, all of these inactions curb pollution — a bit. But let's not get ahead of ourselves.  The public conversation, online and off, has been too quick to celebrate the unintended consequences of a pandemic that, remember, is killing thousands of people.One Twitter user wrote: ""-Venice Canal has become clear""-Italy Coasts have dolphins coming nearer ""-Japan has deers (sic) roaming the streets ""-Thailand has monkeys doing the same ""-China has record-breaking pollution cuts,""The Earth is healing.""Um, no.""It is amazing how a very complex system that is ruling our climate -- how quickly that can change, how rapidly,"" Alexander Verbeek, a Dutch environmentalist, said in an interview with TRT World. ""For instance, in New York City, there was a study that because of less cars, the carbon monoxide -- not the carbon dioxide -- is down 50%, and carbon dioxide is down something like 5% to 10% just because of the reductions of cars in New York ... We saw in China a reduction of 25% in the CO2 emissions. So, it proves that it can be done."" Verbeek is someone I respect. He and others are careful to say they're not celebrating the loss of life, or that we've solved the climate crisis because pollution is down.But a brief pause on our normal emission levels related to Covid-19 does not prove we are going to reduce emissions in the longer term, as we must.And real solutions to the climate crisis don't look like this.Others are troubled by these associations, too. ""[I]t doesn't feel right to celebrate [a reduction in CO2 emissions] when it comes at the high cost of the lives of people -- elders, sick and disabled people, and an increase in racist attacks against the Asian community worldwide,"" Kathy Jetñil-Kijiner, wrote on Facebook recently. She is a poet, artist and activist from the Marshall Islands, a country in the Pacific that could disappear beneath rising seas because of climate change. ""Real, meaningful climate action is all about being inclusive, and it doesn't leave our most vulnerable community members behind.""My beef with the corona-climate chatter goes beyond decorum.There are a couple of odd associations at play here. Policy wonks have spent years debunking the myth that economic growth and fossil fuel pollution march in lockstep. They don't. There have been periods of time when emissions declined while economies continued to grow. How exactly to curb global warming pollution is the source of healthy debate, but it's clear society can be prosperous -- and healthy -- and also avoid existential collapse in the form of climate apocalypse. It's not either-or. The truth is that fixing global warming will not be easy, but it will not look like this. It will look like cleaner technologies, different sources of power -- wind, not coal -- cleaner, denser, more-walkable cities. It will look like plant-based diets, more trees, electric planes, and so on. It looks like carbon taxes and regulating (and prosecuting) of still-powerful fossil fuel interests.It looks like action, not inaction; taking to the streets, not staying home.I've also seen smart writers draw parallels between the urgency with which many individuals (thankfully) are responding to the Covid-19 pandemic and the urgency that's needed to respond to the climate crisis.Yes, we need urgent action on climate. But motivation matters. I see no reason to believe that the pollution-reductions associated with the pandemic will last beyond the duration of this public-health crisis. We need the public to see and be motivated by the very real and very clear dangers of the climate crisis -- and for that motivation to continue in the long-haul, well beyond coronavirus, well beyond the decade, in fact.If anything, the Covid-climate talk may fool some people into thinking we've already ""fixed"" global warming -- that a slight leveling-off of some pollutants means we bought more time.We haven't. We're already on borrowed time. The climate crisis is an emergency, too, and has been for decades. A NASA scientist, James Hansen, testified about global warming in the US Senate in 1988, saying the era of global warming had begun. Alarm bells have continued to ring throughout the years from scientists, from the UN, and from many world leaders. We now have only a matter of years not just to slow fossil fuel pollution but to eliminate it. If there's one tiny silver lining that I take from the way individuals are responding to the coronavirus pandemic, it's that social norms can and do change on a dime.Elbow bumps, video chats, social-distanced picnics, hanging out the window and banging pots at 8 p.m. in support of medical workers and others on the front lines -- all of these have become not just normal but expected behaviors in many peer groups, seemingly overnight.  We can and should make the same shift in attitudes toward fossil fuels -- stigmatizing flying, driving gas-guzzlers, eating beef, and so on.And, more importantly, because climate change is a system problem, not just an individual one, we can change our attitudes toward  politicians who enable the status quo.We can -- and must -- choose to fix global warming. But it won't happen on the coattails of a deadly pandemic. "
989	4	"For years now, environmentalists and scientists have been warning that poorer countries with very low carbon footprints are bearing the brunt of carbon dioxide emissions in the wealthy world. A recent report by the British development charity Christian Aid brings the drama of that inequality into sharp relief.Hunger Strike: The Climate and Food Vulnerability Index found that the 10 most food-insecure countries in the world generate less than half a ton of CO2 per person. Collectively, they generate just 0.08% of total global CO2.""What really surprised and shocked me was how strong the negative correlation was between food poverty and very low per capita emission,"" Katherine Kramer, an author of the report told DW. ""It was much stronger than we expected.""Topping the index is Burundi which at just 0.027 tons has the lowest per capita emissions of any country. The figure is so low, in fact, it is often rounded down to zero. By comparison, the average German, American and Saudi generates the same amount of CO2 as 359, 583 and 719 Burundians respectively.As highlighted in the latest Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) report, one of the primary threats to human life as a result of climate change, is food insecurity — especially in the global south, where people rely on small-scale agriculture and are more vulnerable to droughts, flooding and extreme weather.In Burundi, which is already facing food insecurity as a result of political unrest, and where the prevalence of chronic malnutrition is the highest in the world, changing weather patterns are a major cause for concern. Rainfall in the East African state has become very sporadic over the past three years, particularly in some agriculture-heavy regions, and the report predicts that extreme flooding and droughts will result in a yield decline of between five and 25% in coming decades.""Burundi is a living testament to the injustice of the climate crisis,"" Philip Galgallo, Christian Aid's Country Director for Burundi wrote in the report. ""Despite producing almost no carbon emissions, we find ourselves on the front line of climate change, suffering from higher temperatures, lower crop yields and increasingly unreliable rains.""It's a similar story in the second most food insecure country in the world: the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC), which also has the second smallest carbon footprint. Temperatures there are rising fast imply an increased risk in livestock and crop disease, and rainfall patterns are changing, leaving Congolese farmers unsure about when to plant and when to harvest.  Risk of nutrient deficienciesBut climate change doesn't only impact crop yields and our ability to grow food. CO2 also has a direct effect on crop nutrients. A recent study in the scientific journal, Lancet Planetary Health looked at how climate change and rising carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere are reducing the nutrient content of staple food crops, like rice, wheat, corn and soy. Close to 50 percent of the world's calories come from these grains.The study found that over the next 30 years the availability of critical nutrients for human health, including iron, protein, and zinc, could be significantly reduced if we continue with our current rate of emissions.  ""You'll find a 14 to 20 percent reduction in the global availability of iron, zinc and protein in our diet,"" study author Seth Myers told DW.And the implications of this reduction are very significant.""Iron and zinc deficiency today already cause somewhere around 60 million life years to be lost annually, so they are already the cause of very large global burdens of disease today,"" Myers told DW. ""As a result of rising CO2 levels, hundreds of millions of people will fall into life threatening risks of zinc and protein deficiencies and close to a billion people who already have those deficiencies would have them exacerbated.""Such deficiencies increase child mortality from diseases and illnesses like malaria, pneumonia and diarrhea. Moral crisisThe people most affected will be in the global south, Myers says, because those at the highest risk of these nutritional deficiencies are the people that have the least diverse diets and least intake of animal-sourced foods, such as meat, milk, eggs, cheese and yogurt.""And that's sort of ironic because those are the people who are least responsible for emitting the carbon dioxide that's making their food less nutritious,"" Myers said.  He describes it as both a public health emergency and a moral crisis.""There is no excuse for not acting with the utmost urgency when it's our emissions of the wealthy world that are putting the poorest people on the planet in harm's way.""Responsibility to act Kramer says there are a number of measures the developed world needs to take to address food insecurity and help tackle climate change.""The first and most important is to cut their own emissions drastically and very quickly,"" she said. ""We can retreat indoors, with our fans and air conditioning.  We have access to water supplies to help cool off. It hasn't hit us in the same way yet, but it is already hitting the developing world.""Myers agrees. ""We've got to stop burning fossil fuels, we have to transition to renewables and away from carbon dioxide emissions as fast as we possibly can and we have to feel that moral urgency behind that transition,"" he said.  Another important step is to grant support for developing nations. Kramer says this can be financial or in the form of access to technology and education, particularly when it comes to early warning systems that allow countries to see when a disaster is coming so they can prepare for it.Another step is to help developing states to enhance their resilience and productivity.Through the Paris Climate Agreement, almost all developed countries in the world have already committed to provide resources to help developing nations combat the effects of climate change, but there are no penalties in place for those that don't honor their promises.That's why Kramer believes people need to put pressure on their governments to make good on the pledges.""If we don't clean up our emissions and solve the climate crisis as a global community, then those climate impacts are going to get worse and worse, and millions of lives are at stake."""
327	3	"Fox News Flash top headlines for Jan. 21 are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.comRepublicans looking to counter the Green New Deal are planning a climate change proposal of their own, taking a multi-pronged approach to improving the environment.The effort, according to Axios, is being spearheaded by House Minority Leader Rep. Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif., alongside Reps. Garret Graves, R-La., and Bruce Westerman R-Ark. McCarthy held a caucus event on climate change Thursday, and appears to be taking action that counters critics who believe the GOP is not concerned with environmental issues.""If you look at this conference today, we just had a whole event talking about the environment, not because someone is driving us but because we care about it,"" he told Axios.The proposed policies reportedly focus on three particular efforts. The first is the capturing of carbon dioxide emissions. Part of this includes what is being called the Trillion Trees Act, whereby legislation would look to increase the number of trees in the U.S., with the goal of using them for ""sequestering"" carbon. The congressmen are also looking to expand tax credits for companies that capture and store carbon dioxide.The plan does not include emissions targets that are favored by Democrats. Graves claimed that setting ""arbitrary targets"" would be ""a mistake.""The second part of the plan is the promotion of clean energy technology by doubling investment in clean air research and lowering taxes for companies that export clean air tech. Nuclear power and natural gas are also featured in the plan.The third area of focus is conservation, especially when it comes to plastic. This includes cleaning up pollution from plastic, urging government labs to develop improved recycling methods, and directing foreign aid to nations whose rivers suffer the most from plastic pollution.The Green New Deal, pushed by lawmakers including Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., and Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, D-N.Y., takes a more far-reaching approach, with Sanders calling for a ""wholesale transformation of our society"" in which transportation and the economy are overhauled."
904	4	"Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com.John Kerry, the White House’s special envoy on climate, warned Friday that the U.S. only has less than a decade left to avoid the worst of a climate catastrophe. ""Around 2030 is the date at which we have to get the world now on the right path in order to cap the level of warming at that level of 1.5 [degrees celsius],"" he said at a Munich Security Conference. ""The scientists told us three years ago we had 12 years to avert the worst consequences of climate crisis. We are now three years gone, so we have nine years left,"" Kerry later told CBS News.""There is no room for B.S. anymore. There's no faking it on this one,"" the climate czar said. Kerry pointed to this week’s deadly snowstorms across much of the U.S. ""Obviously we want to prevent this from becoming the new normal to the degree that we can,"" he continued. Kerry noted that the popular belief is that climate change only relates to temperature increases, not decreases, but said in reality it threatens all weather patterns. ""I think it's a very appropriate way to think of it, so it is directly related to the warming, even though your instinct is to say, wait a minute, this is the new Ice Age. But it's not,"" Kerry said. ""It is coming from global warming and it threatens all the normal weather patterns.""Winter Storm Uri brought ice and snow to swaths of the U.S. that rarely see such low temperatures. States like Texas were caught off guard, and millions were left without power as the electric grid was overwhelmed with the demand for heat. Tuesday was the coldest day in North Texas in 72 years, and the Dallas- Fort Worth area reached a record low of minus two degrees Fahrenheit this week. The warning from Kerry came as the U.S. formally reentered the Paris Climate Agreement Friday. Still, he stressed that joining the agreement would not be enough. ""Even if we did everything that we said we were going to do when we signed up in Paris, we would see a rise in the Earth's temperature to somewhere around 3.7 degrees or more, which is catastrophic,"" Kerry said.""We know that just doing Paris is not enough,"" Kerry said during an event for climate action group America is All In. ""If every country delivered, we’d still see a warming planet Earth.""The Biden administration, determined to reinstate most of the 100 climate regulations former President Trump rolled back, is expected to release a new set of emissions reduction goals before Earth Day this year. The goal of the Biden administration is toget the U.S. to net-zero emissions by 2050.Climate change is widely blamed for both warming and droughts, fires and hurricanes, but scientists are divided on whether such unusual cold snaps are linked to it. Some argue that warming temperatures in the Arctic can push frigid polar air south, leading to colder temperatures in the short term. The Arctic is warming about twice as fast as the rest of the planet. The link between climate change and the behavior of the polar vortex is not yet clear. Other researchers say climate change will make frigid weather events less likely. ""He’s not entirely correct,"" Texas State climatologist John Neilsen-Gammon told Fox News. ""In Texas, when we get cold we get it from the Arctic, it doesn’t form here, it has to move here. The direct temperature effect [of climate change] on cold weather would make extreme cold weather in Texas milder. But dynamically there’s decent evidence that jet stream patterns may be disrupted by climate change and could lead to bigger excursions of the jet to low latitudes and could make cold extremes more severe. Kerry was talking about the dynamical effect."""
10	5	"Meka WhaitiriClimate change is the biggest environmental challenge of our time.As Jacinda Ardern said during last year's election campaign, it's her generation's ""nuclear-free moment"".With wild weather patterns and rising sea levels, the effects of a changing climate are being felt right across New Zealand.Hawke's Bay is one of New Zealand's front lines of climate change.The beach communities up and down the coast are feeling the effects of accelerated erosion and rising sea levels. Those sea level rises are predicted to reach 1.3m by the year 2100.Four years ago international coastal expert Professor Paul Komar warned the communities of the Bay that climate change ""would mean that there would be more waves overtopping the beach crest and inundating land close to the coast"".How many of us have already watched in horror as houses have been destroyed and abandoned in places like Te Awanga. Even a metre of sea level rise will increase the dangers of the gravel beach eroding as far as Westshore.Together, we all have a huge responsibility to respond to climate threats and to take action. That's why this Government is pursuing two ambitious goals to address our greenhouse gas emissions.The first is for New Zealand to be carbon neutral by 2050. To achieve this, we'll establish an independent Climate Commission to help us set limits on how much carbon we can put into the atmosphere, through emissions reduction targets and carbon budgets.The second goal is to have 100 per cent renewable electricity by 2035. New Zealand's renewable energy resources – hydro, wind, geothermal and solar – mean we are ideally placed to expand our provision of affordable, sustainable energy.Moving to a low-carbon economy and to renewable electricity won't be easy – it will take time. We'll need to support new research and development, and we'll need to bring every sector in the country with us. Everyone has a stake in making this transition succeed.A  Ministry for the Environment report from last year has made the point that climate change may have already had an irreversible impact on New Zealand. This gloomy report says the effects on our environment are only likely to worsen.The report makes other predictions for Hawke's Bay such as a fall in our winter rainfall of 10 per cent by the year 2090 and an increase in tropical cyclones.The ""Our Climate and Atmosphere"" report also revealed the country's glaciers had lost nearly a quarter of their ice since 1977, and that sea levels had risen between 14 and 22cm at our main ports since 1916.Temperatures have already risen by 1C in New Zealand and this would have an impact on everything from the economy to biodiversity and health.Last month a 45,000-signature petition called on the Government to end oil exploration.When Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern personally received the petition, she assured petitioners the Government was actively considering the future of oil and gas exploration. She acknowledged that New Zealand's recent record – of a 64 per cent increase in net greenhouse gas emissions since 1990 – simply could not continue.She also acknowledged New Zealand's significant petroleum production industry, and the need to protect the jobs of current workers.This Government is doing its bit, on behalf of Kiwis. Our Provincial Growth Fund and Green Investment Fund will both invest billions of dollars in local infrastructure and clean energy projects, bringing new jobs to many of the areas where the fossil fuel industry is currently based.We are listening to New Zealanders who understand the serious threat climate change poses. Kiwis know that dirty growth is unsustainable growth; we know that agricultural emissions can be reduced; we know we can do better to play our part in the world.The Government's climate action plan is ambitious. We're proud of that ambition. We're proud because protecting the world for future generations to enjoy is one of the most important things we can do.* Meka Whaitiri is MP for Ikaroa Rawhiti"
27	4	"Student Climate Strike march on Queen St, Auckland, May 2019. Photo / Annabel Reid Auckland will have to cut carbon emissions by 50 per cent over the next 10 years, according to a new proposal adopted by Auckland Council.The decision came in a meeting of the new Environment and Climate Change Committee, which includes all councillors, the mayor and two members of the Independent Māori Statutory Board (IMSB). Council has not yet decided how this will be done.Committee chair Councillor Richard Hills described the decision as ""kind of phenomenal"". It was supported by a unanimous vote.The meeting also heard tributes to former Green Party leader Jeanette Fitzsimons and environmental business activist Sir Rob Fenwick, both of whom have recently died.READ MORE:• Premium - Simon Wilson: Why National is our biggest climate change threat• Premium - Simon Wilson: It's not climate change, it's a climate crisis, so let's treat it as one• Premium - The climate crisis: What about we fix this thing?• Premium - Auckland councillors' new climate denialism: 'Like going on a diet and eating the cake'Several councillors called the new approach ""radical"", and worried that council had so far been moving too slowly.Councillor Cathy Casey said, ""We do the words but what about the actions?"" She was angry council had allowed Auckland Transport (AT) to ""delay for another year"" the first trial to reduce cars on Queen St.""If AT can't do it, we should ask the Waitematā Local Board, they'll get it done in a couple of months.""Councillor John Watson said Auckland Council could look overseas for lessons on how to lead on climate change. He gave the example of Scotland which decided 11 years ago to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 42 per cent by 2020.""Glasgow and Edinburgh are almost going head-to-head to become Britain's first carbon zero city. Edinburgh says it will get there in 2030.""Cutting emissions by 50 per cent will have major implications for industry, agriculture, coastal land, consumer life and especially transport, which alone is currently responsible for 40 per cent of Auckland's carbon emissions.Councillor Chris Darby said the goals were all very well but, ""I want to remind councillors that for two years AT has been telling us it has a very lean operational budget. It's down to zilch.""Hills commented later that the crunch will come when council debates a new 10-year budget, or long-term plan (LTP), a process that will start later this year. ""The LTP has to show we mean business,"" he said.Mayor Phil Goff called the proposal ""huge, life-changing and lifestyle changing"".""But do we have a choice? No we don't, unless we want to leave a rotten future to our mokopuna. So we need to explain what radical change will mean, constantly. We need to set out the what and the why.""Goff outlined the issues for transport, which he saw as more electrification, mode shift to public transport and ride sharing. ""We will need at least 33 per cent of the city's vehicle fleet to have zero emissions. Currently it's not even at 1 per cent.""He also warned about the cost. ""What's it going to cost and how are we going to pay for it? We can give the big speeches but business so far is not doing a hell of a lot. And the biggest change has to come from central Government.""Councillor Wayne Walker said council's responses to climate change ""don't reflect our talk"". He said council  continues to grant consents for developments on flood plains and wondered why big growth proposals for Dairy Flat and Silverdale had been presented with ""not one mention of climate change"".Councillor Pippa Coom reminded councillors that ""the consensus on climate change science is settled"", which meant their debate now had to be about how to respond to the urgency of the situation.""We need a different approach to everything we do,"" she said. ""And there will be a good side to it. Cleaner air, greener streets, less social isolation and more connectivity, and more resilience against things like oil shocks. Our decision to engage fully with mana whenua will be putting the principles of the Treaty [of Waitangi] into practice.""The proposals came in a report on the council's Climate Action Framework, which was approved in draft form last year and has been out for public consultation.The council's acting chief sustainability officer, Alec Tang, told the committee there was 91 per cent support among submitters for reducing the city's carbon footprint, and 79 per cent support for council being a leader in that.The report also proposed the framework be renamed the Auckland Climate Plan. There was debate over adding the word ""emergency"" to the title, but that suggestion was deferred. Hills explained he was in discussions with the IMSB about the full name of the plan, which is currently Te Tāruke-ā-Tāwhiri: Auckland's Climate Action Framework. He didn't want to pre-empt the outcome of that.The officials will now develop an action plan based on ""three pillars"": a ""Tāmaki response"", which means a plan jointly developed with mana whenua; reducing emissions; and preparing for change.A model will be created for a ""decarbonised pathway"" with a ""carbon budget"" attached, which will impact council, Government and the private sector. There will also be action plans to help individuals lower their own emissions.The Climate Action Plan, with specific proposals for action, will be reported back in May."
597	4	"Auckland Transport could exhaust efforts to reduce emissions while making very little headway, chef executive Shane Ellison says. Photo / Alex Burton OPINION         As we stand here at the end of 2020 it is clear that for Auckland to be green, it can't rely on nature alone: truly green cities are created, and this happens through planning,         policy, and vision.        We have to respond to Covid-19 with economic growth that does not degrade our environment for our tamariki/children and mokopuna/grandchildren.Auckland Council responded in July when it unanimously passed the Te Tāruke-ā-Tāwhiri: Auckland's Climate Plan. It aims to halve Auckland's greenhouse-gas emissions by 2030.The plan is bold and necessary. It received strong support from the community. From the almost 3000 submissions, 91 per cent of respondents thought that the framework either fully, or partially takes Auckland in the right direction.The plan identifies a long list of actions, but addressing road transport is pre-eminent. At 37 per cent, road transport represents the largest single source of Auckland's greenhouse  gas emissions. Indeed, some describe transport as the ""low-hanging fruit"" of emissions reduction.As one of two lead agencies responsible for Auckland's transport system, Auckland Transport welcomes the challenge. We support the climate plan and the council's leadership. But we do not underestimate the scale of the change.Modelling by the council suggests transport emissions need to fall 64 per cent to achieve the overall goal of 50 per cent reduction in Auckland's total emissions by 2030.To fully comprehend the scale, consider some key facts: Light vehicles account for approximately 80 per cent of transport emissions in Auckland; Auckland's population has grown 18 per cent in the past decade but the number of kilometres travelled, on average, has increased 27 per cent.There are more Aucklanders travelling and they are travelling more; Auckland's total greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions have grown by 7 per cent from 2009 to 2018, while transport's emissions have grown 11 per cent.All of this is despite a 75 per cent increase in public transport trips over the past decade and a 16 per cent increase in trips on bikes since 2016.In short, there has been a large increase in Auckland's GHG emissions over the past decade, despite world-leading growth in public transport and more fuel-efficient vehicles. What about the next decade? The population is expected to grow by another 16 per cent and, based on business as usual, one would expect vehicle kilometres travelled and emissions to rise again.Thankfully, it's not business as usual. Aucklanders and the Government are investing $28 billion in transport projects such as the City Rail Link, the Eastern Busway, the extension of the Northern Busway, Puhinui to the airport, and electrification of rail from Papakura to Pukekohe.But is this enough to meet the 50 per cent overall emissions reduction targets set out in the Climate Plan? No.Experts at the Auckland Forecasting Centre recently calculated the emissions savings all the planned and likely interventions could achieve. First, I asked them to list all the actions that could be delivered without recourse to new legislation or central government leadership. This includes transitioning to a low-emissions bus fleet, completing scheduled cycle, bus and rail projects, ongoing implementation of the Unitary Plan, creating low-emission vehicle zones, charging stations for EVs, and education about cycling and walking.These interventions would reduce emissions by less than 5 per cent by 2030.Next, we looked at what steps other agencies or the Government could lead. These include providing incentives to accelerate the shift to privately owned EVs (aiming for 50 per cent of private vehicles being electric by 2040 could result in interim emissions reductions of approximately 14 per cent by 2030), increased use of biofuels and improved regulations on vehicle fuel-efficiency standards.These three measures bring a little over a 20 per cent emissions reduction.It's still not enough. What's more, even with that $28b of transport investment by 2030, our modelling tells us that 75 per cent of trips made by Aucklanders will be made by private vehicles.Auckland needs other levers if it is to meet that target. What are they? We modelled two other interventions that could provide the difference: road pricing on motorways and arterial routes (delivering around a 16 per cent emissions reduction depending on the price); and lifting fuel taxes to incorporate part of the cost of emissions.Measures like this have historically had little appeal and come with important implications for social equity. It's likely that families in hardship will need additional financial support as part of a just transition.But without these sorts of measures – incentivising a switch to public transport, to more walking and cycling, to travelling less or to EVs – it's simply not possible to achieve the target GHG reductions.Auckland Transport supports the climate plan but the scale of the challenge requires more than what is already planned and requires more than what Auckland Transport can deliver on its own.Transport may be a low-hanging fruit for reducing emissions reduction. But the branches are high and Auckland needs more ladders to pick it.• Shane Ellison is the chief executive at Auckland Transport and was a panellist at the Climate Change and Business Conference in Auckland last week"
963	5	"Increasingly frequent marine heatwaves can lead to the almost instant death of corals, scientists working on the Great Barrier Reef have found. These episodes of unusually high water temperatures are - like heatwaves on land - associated with climate change. Scientists studying coral after a heat event discovered that extreme temperature rises decayed reefs much more rapidly than previously thought.They published their findings in the journal Current Biology.The study revealed that corals became up to 15% weaker after an extreme heat event, causing some fragments to actually break off from the reef. Dr Tracy Ainsworth, from the University of New South Wales in Australia, worked on the study. She told BBC News that her whole research team, made up of scientists who have worked on corals for more than a decade, was shocked to find them to be ""really brittle"". More typically, temperature rises cause something called coral bleaching - when the coral expels vital algae that lives in its tissues. In those events, the coral itself remains intact. ""But what we're seeing here is that - when the coral tissue dies - it falls and breaks away from the skeleton,"" Dr Ainsworth explained. Commenting on the paper, Dr Laura Richardson, from the School of Ocean Sciences at Bangor University, UK, said that the really significant discovery was ""the rapidity with which the reef skeleton breaks down when you have these severe heatwaves"".  Dr Richardson added that the team had documented, for the first time, that severe heatwaves were causing ""almost instant mortality of corals"". Dr Ainsworth said the researchers referred to the resulting, heat-damaged skeletons as ""ghost corals, because there was just nothing left"".  ""Within about 10 days, those samples that had been exposed to the heatwave... were actually floating."" Such damage to a living coral reef affects the entire marine ecosystem, as another member of the research team, Dr Bill Leggat from the University of Newcastle in New South Wales, warned. ""The scary thing is - this is a new phenomenon that's being caused by climate change. And the impacts are even more severe than we had thought,"" he told BBC News. Dr Ainsworth added that this could be ""the canary in the coal mine"" for these ecosystems. She said the findings were a strong warning that ""things are going wrong on some reefs around the world"".  Commenting on the research, Dr James Guest from Newcastle University in the UK, who has been studying coral reef habitats for more than 15 years, said: ""It's hard to know just how much we have to keep saying that this is a big problem before policy-makers decide to do something about it."" During the high temperature event the team studied, which occurred on the Great Barrier Reef between 2016 and 2017, there was an estimated loss of a third to half of the corals. ""If you imagine losing 30-50% of the trees in England over the course of two years, it would be quite astounding."" said Dr Guest. As well as being vital habitats for marine life, coral reefs are vital to people in coastal communities, who depend on them for fishing, tourism and beach protection. The scientists say urgent action is needed to protect these vulnerable ecosystems from the impact of climate change."
212	3	Climate change will complicate and worsen existing global security problems, such as civil wars, strife between nations and refugees, the world’s top scientists say.A United Nations climate panel for the first time is connecting hotter global temperatures to global conflicts, in an authoritative report to be released on Monday. The panel is not saying it will cause violence, but will be an added factor making things even more dangerous.Fights over resources, like water and energy, hunger and extreme weather will all go into the mix to further destabilise the world, says the report by the Nobel Peace Prize-winning Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.The summary of the report is being finalised this weekend by the panel in Yokohama.The findings are a shift from seven years ago, the last time the IPCC addressed how warming affected Earth, said report lead author Chris Field of the Carnegie Institution of Science in California.Climate change ‘a threat multiplier’The summary that political leaders read in early 2007 did not mention security issues will increase, he said, because of advances in research.“There’s enough smoke there that we really need to pay attention to this,” said Ohio University security and environment professor Geoff Dabelko, one of the lead authors of the report’s chapter on security and climate change.For the past seven years, research in social science has found more links between climate and conflict, the authors say, with the full report referencing hundreds of studies on climate change and conflict.The US defence department earlier this month in its four-year strategic review, called climate change a “threat multiplier” to go with poverty, political instability and social tensions worldwide.Warming will trigger new problems but also provide countries new opportunities for resources and shipping routes in places such as the melting Arctic, the Pentagon report says.After the climate panel’s 2007 report, UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon wrote that along with other causes, the conflict in the Darfur region of western Sudan “began as an ecological crisis, arising at least in part from climate change”.“While the IPCC report this year downplays global warming’s role in that particular strife, saying other issues were far more influential, the report’s drafts do add that there is “justifiable common concern” that climate change increases the risk of fighting in similar circumstances.“Climate change will not directly cause conflict – but it will exacerbate issues of poor governance, resource inequality and social unrest,” retired US Navy Admiral David Titley, now a Pennsylvania State University professor of meteorology, wrote in an email. “The Arab Spring and Syria are two recent examples.”But Titley, who was not part of the IPCC report, says “if you are already living in a place affected by violent conflict I suspect climate change becomes the least of your worries”.
930	5	One month out from New Zealand’s general election and the major parties are on the campaign trail, donning high-vis jackets and face masks to visit factories, small businesses and schools around the country.We asked Guardian readers what issues they would be voting on come 17 October, and perhaps surprisingly, for many, the pandemic took a back seat.In 90% of the responses, one topic reigned supreme: Dorothy, 71, from Auckland summed it up, in her two-word response to our callout, which garnered hundreds of replies: “Climate change.”In addition to an overwhelming interest in the climate crisis, many also cited persistent wealth inequality, poverty, the environment and a lack of housing affordability as the issues they care about.With New Zealand officially entering a recession this week, it few said they’d vote on economic policies or jobs. For many, 2020 seems to have crystallised their major priorities, summed up by a Māori proverb that is also a favourite of the prime minister, Jacinda Ardern.Q He aha te mea nui o te ao? (What is the most important thing in the world?)A He Tangata, He Tangata, He Tangata. (The people, people, the people.)“Climate change, climate change, climate change ...” Peter, 60, Blenheim“Climate change policy – we’ve run out of time for meaningful, structural, societal change. If we don’t act now to reduce emissions any way we can, the environmental and financial costs will be higher by several orders of magnitude. If we don’t do something, everything, now we are all screwed in a monumentally unfixable way.” Anonymous, 50, Wellington“It feels like with the pandemic, the issue of the environment, yet again, has been shunted to the side. I will be voting for the first time this year, and it will be for whoever provides the most complete and ambitious environmental plan for our country.” Joshua, 19, Auckland“Climate action, welfare reform & wealth inequality.” Simon, 29, Mt Victoria“[This is] an opportunity for New Zealand to take a fresh look at the future direction of our economy in terms of sustainability, climate change and the health and happiness of ALL our people. Time to rethink whether ‘economic growth is good’,” Clint, 71, Auckland“Simply put, the climate crisis is the only thing on my mind. Before the pandemic, pundits were calling this the ‘climate election’, and it should still be considered so.” Henry, 22“Climate change, Climate change, Climate change.” Melanie, 52, Auckland“This election is entirely about our response to the global pandemic. We’ve been lucky here to have a very fortunate location, but that would have been nullified if we’d not also had a very competent government. So for me, it will be about stability and consistency.” Danny Walker, 43, Lower Hutt“Getting and keeping Covid-19 under control. Nothing positive can happen until Covid is out of the way.” Philip, 65, Auckland“Obviously, who do I trust to manage the Covid-19 response?” Stefan, Northland, 40“Covid-19. Everything else is secondary. We need to ensure Jacinda Ardern stays our prime minister.” John, 56, Auckland“This pandemic has shown the importance of science. I will be voting for people and parties who embrace science to underlie their policies.”  Anonymous“My experience in working in emergency housing has convinced me of two things, climate change aside: poverty and inequality are the greatest issues facing NZ, and that the solution to this lies in Māori hands, not Pakeha.” Duncan, 56, Auckland“I’m concerned that poverty, which was a major issue in the previous election, is not getting the attention it deserves this year. In these difficult times, we should not forget about those who are least well-off.” Anonymous“Family, equality, poverty” Ali, 56, Nelson“We’re chucking all of this money at the [Covid] rebuild, but are we actually going to build something worth having? Or will it just be more stuff? Is there social infrastructure we can be investing in? What can we do to build resilience, not just wealth? Also … what the heck is up with Auckland’s public transport?” Alastair, 30, Papakura“Leadership that acknowledges that neoliberal economics is damaging the world.” Ruth, 71, Bay of Plenty“A fair kind society, where health, housing, education and child poverty are taken seriously. A Government which puts people first, especially now during Covid, because no economy will succeed if the health of the nation isn’t the first priority.” Sherlee, 79, Canterbury“For me, in the 2020 election, the referendums are much more high priority than the general election. I believe it is better to take control away from gangs and a blackmarket from cannabis and give control over to hospitals and people. As for euthanasia, it is something I am very passionate about because I believe strongly in the right to live and to die with dignity. For both these issues, I will be definitely voting yes.” Anonymous“Against euthanasia bill. Against cannabis. Against handouts, Against raising unemployment benefit – against anything incentivising dependence on social benefits.” AnonymousResponses have been edited for clarity and brevityThis article was amended on 20 September 2020 to remove some personal information.
322	4	Fox News Flash top headlines for August 7 are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.comGermany is floating the idea of steeply increasing taxation on meat in an effort to improve the environment and strengthen animal welfare.German lawmakers have suggested the taxation on meat, which has traditionally been subjected to a lower sales tax, as a means of tackling climate change.“I’m in favor of raising the VAT reduction and using it for greater animal protection,” said Friedrich Ostendorf, a Greens spokesman on agricultural policy, the Local reported.“I’m in favor of raising the VAT reduction and using it for greater animal protection.”Lawmakers say meat should be subjected to the standard value added tax (VAT) of 19 percent, rather than the current 7 percent.Ostendorf pointed out that there’s no logic behind taxing meat less while other products such as oat milk is taxed by the standard rate.The tax increase was initially proposed by Germany’s Animal Welfare Association that suggested such tax would bring down the CO2 emissions in addition to improving much-criticized agricultural practices of Germany.“Parallel to the CO2 tax, we also need a meat tax,” the group’s president Thomas Schröder said, adding that meat, milk and eggs only cost “a few cents” per kilo, according to the outlet.Germany has approved a climate protection plan back in 2016, agreeing that by 2030, emissions in the agricultural sector should fall by 31 to 34 percent compared with 1990 levels.But some politicians, including from the left-wing Social Democrats in Germany, have said that such tax would mostly affect the consumers rather than improve animal welfare standards.Lawmakers on the right, meanwhile, said the extra funds generated by the “meat tax” should go back to livestock industry directly to improve the conditions rather to the government’s coffers.“This additional income would have to be used as an animal welfare premium in order to support the livestock farmers in Germany during their restructuring.”“This additional income would have to be used as an animal welfare premium in order to support the livestock farmers in Germany during their restructuring,” said Christian Democratic (CDU) agricultural politician Albert Stegemann, according to the Local.“The road to socially sustainable livestock farming would cost billions of euros, which farmers in Germany would not be able to bear alone,” he added.The German Farmers' Association has come out against the proposal, echoing Stegemann’s criticism and saying the industry needs money to improve the standards.“It is not the tax authorities but farmers who need funds and support for the further development of animal husbandry,” Bernhard Krüsken, General Secretary of the association, said Wednesday.
488	3	"MPs have approved a motion to declare an environment and climate emergency.This proposal, which demonstrates the will of the Commons on the issue but does not legally compel the government to act, was approved without a vote.Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, who tabled the motion, said it was ""a huge step forward"". Environment Secretary Michael Gove acknowledged there was a climate ""emergency"" but did not back Labour's demands to declare one.The declaration of an emergency was one of the key demands put to the government by environmental activist group Extinction Rebellion, in a series of protests over recent weeks. Addressing climate protesters from the top of a fire engine in Parliament Square earlier, Mr Corbyn said: ""This can set off a wave of action from parliaments and governments around the globe.""We pledge to work as closely as possible with countries that are serious about ending the climate catastrophe and make clear to US President Donald Trump that he cannot ignore international agreements and action on the climate crisis."" Dozens of towns and cities across the UK have already declared ""a climate emergency"". There is no single definition of what that means but many local areas say they want to be carbon-neutral by 2030.Some councils have promised to introduce electric car hubs or build sustainable homes to try to achieve that goal. It's a much more ambitious target than the UK government's, which is to reduce carbon emissions by 80% (compared to 1990 levels) by 2050.Read more hereLabour's motion also calls on the government to aim to achieve net-zero emissions before 2050 and for ministers to outline urgent proposals to restore the UK's natural environment and deliver a ""zero waste economy"" within the next six months."
756	5	In just 50 years’ time, a third of all plant and animal species on our planet could be wiped out due to man-made climate change, US scientists have warned.The damning new study of humanity’s impact on ecosystems around the world examined recent extinctions due to climate change, along with rates of species movement and various projections of future climatic conditions.The researchers said their study is probably the first to estimate broad-scale extinction patterns due to the climate crisis by using data from recent climate-related extinctions and from rates of species movements.It is the latest research to paint a bleak picture of future biodiversity on Earth, as other scientists have warned our species is responsible for bringing about a sixth mass extinction event.The research team, from the University of Arizona used data from 538 species at 581 sites around the globe and focused on species which had been studied at the same place at least 10 years apart.They found 44 per cent of the 538 species had already gone extinct at one or more of the sites they had earlier inhabited.They also generated climate data through measurements taken at the time of the earliest survey of each site and at more recent surveys.Read our full mailing list consent terms hereRead our full mailing list consent terms here“By analysing the change in 19 climatic variables at each site, we could determine which variables drive local extinctions and how much change a population can tolerate without going extinct,” said Cristian Román-Palacios of the department of ecology and evolutionary biology at the University of Arizona.“We also estimated how quickly populations can move to try and escape rising temperatures. “When we put all of these pieces of information together for each species, we can come up with detailed estimates of global extinction rates for hundreds of plant and animal species.”The study identified maximum annual temperatures – the hottest daily highs in summer – as the key variable that best explains whether a population will become extinct. But the researchers found average yearly temperatures showed smaller changes at sites with local extinction, even though average temperatures are widely used as a proxy for overall climate change.“This means that using changes in mean annual temperatures to predict extinction from climate change might be positively misleading,” said Professor John Wiens, also of the University of Arizona.The researchers said previous studies have focused on species dispersal – or migration to cooler habitats – as a means for animals and plants to “escape” from warming climates. But the new research indicates most species will not be able to disperse quickly enough to avoid extinction, based on their past rates of movement. Instead, they found many species were able to tolerate some increases in maximum temperatures, but only up to a point. About 50 per cent of the species had local extinctions if maximum temperatures increased by more than 0.5C, and 95 per cent if temperatures increase by more than 2.9C.Projections of species loss depend on just how much warmer the local climate will become in the future.“In a way, it’s a ‘choose your own adventure’,” Professor Wiens said. “If we stick to the Paris Agreement to combat climate change, we may lose fewer than two out of every 10 plant and animal species on Earth by 2070. “But if humans cause larger temperature increases, we could lose more than a third or even half of all animal and plant species, based on our results.”The paper’s projections of species loss are similar for plants and animals, but extinctions are projected to be two to four times more common in the tropics than in temperate regions.“This is a big problem, because the majority of plant and animal species occur in the tropics,” Mr Román-Palacios said.The study is published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
617	1	The Outsiders spoke with Science Commentator Joanne Nova about how Australia has ‘vandalised’ its own energy distribution system, and how she came to the revelation there was no evidence for climate change.
771	4	"Fox News Flash top headlines are here. Check out what's clicking on Foxnews.com.Coral reefs around the world are dying and scientists are looking at a variety of ways to save these endangered structures, including growing them in labs and trying to make them pollution-resistant. However, newly presented research says climate change and pollution could eliminate nearly all coral reef habitats on the planet by the end of the century.The research said that warming, acidic oceans and rising temperatures could wipe out ""nearly all existing coral reef habitats by 2100,"" adding that efforts to restore the reefs ""will likely meet serious challenges.""“By 2100, it’s looking quite grim,” said University of Hawaii Manoa biogeographer Renee Setter in a statement. Setter presented her findings at the annual San Diego-based Ocean Sciences Meeting.      Coral bleaching happens when corals are stressed by conditions such as high temperatures. According to new research, rising sea surface temperatures and acidic waters could eliminate nearly all existing coral reef habitats by 2100. (Credit: USGS)      In August, the government agency that manages Australia's Great Barrier Reef downgraded its outlook for the corals' condition from ""poor"" to ""very poor"" due to warming oceans. Florida scientists have enacted a 10-year, $100 million program in an effort to stop coral reef deaths in the Florida Keys.Setter, along with the other researchers, noted that while the efforts being made so far to clean up plastic pollution in the oceans--which could have a $2.5 trillion impact on the global economy--and cleaning the beaches are positive steps, much of the impact comes from emissions.“Trying to clean up the beaches is great and trying to combat pollution is fantastic. We need to continue those efforts,” Setter added. “But at the end of the day, fighting climate change is really what we need to be advocating for in order to protect corals and avoid compounded stressors.”To come up with the findings, Setter and the other researchers simulated ocean environment conditions, including sea surface temperature, wave energy and acidity of the water, among other inputs. They found that where coral reefs are located at the present, the conditions for ""suitable habitats"" would not exist by 2045, with the situation getting dire extended out to 2100.“Honestly, most sites are out,” Setter said. There are a few viable sites looking out to 2100, including ""small portions"" of Baja California and the Red Sea. However, these locations are not considered ""ideal,"" because of how close they are to rivers.Skeptics have largely dismissed fears over man’s impact on global warming, saying climate change has been going on since the beginning of time. They also claim the dangers of a warming planet are being wildly exaggerated and question the impact that fossil fuels have had on climate change.The Associated Press and Fox News' Elina Shirazi contributed to this report."
555	4	The field has a “data gap” problem that won’t be easy to solve.It’s easy to talk about how climate change will alter Earth’s surface in the century to come. It will raise sea levels, flood cities, and set off droughts. As this month’s dire United Nations report shows, decades of climate science have made the worldwide dangers of human-caused warming unambiguous.Yet it’s far harder to talk about how these changes will play out locally. No two places will experience climate change identically: The coasts of Borneo and the shores of Great Britain, for example, will see the land and weather transform in vastly different ways. But people living in the United Kingdom have a far better idea of what those changes will look like.Call it climate science’s data gap. When studying the Earth’s climate, researchers must understand the past before they can understand the future. But across huge swaths of the world, scientists simply don’t have the data they need—especially the kind of in-depth, long-term observations that can place current weather in context—to understand that past.These problems are particularly acute for countries in the global South. In 2015, the UN’s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) projected how climate change would affect temperature and precipitation values on each continent. In Africa, Asia, and South America, it rated more than 40 percent of its own predictions to be “low confidence.”In Europe and Australia, by contrast, only about 12 percent of its projections were of low confidence.“There’s essentially an order-of-magnitude difference in the amount of science available across regions of the world,” says Katharine Mach, a senior climate researcher at Stanford University and one of the authors of the IPCC report. She pointed out that the IPCC spent as much time and energy writing a chapter on Australia and New Zealand as it did for the entirety of Asia.“If you were to take the 8,000 studies relevant to climate change in Asia, and the 3,000 for [Australia and New Zealand], and if you were to do publications per person [living in those places], obviously the number would look starkly different,” she told me.The most recent IPCC report, released earlier this month, only focused on how the Earth overall would be affected by 1.5 degrees Celsius of temperature rise and did not produce continent-specific chapters.Read: How to understand the UN’s dire new climate reportAt least 60 years’ worth of data might be needed to draw meaningful observations about temperature or precipitation trends, says Edvin Aldrian, a climate scientist for the Indonesian government who is currently on the IPCC. For parts of his home country, Aldrian says data is scattered at best. In some cases, it might not exist.Aldrian argues that the IPCC’s methods required a good base of historical data about a country. Without a solid grasp of the baseline science, it becomes difficult to propose effective strategies for communities facing the consequences of climate change, like crop failures due to shifting rain patterns.It also makes it harder to understand what’s happening now. In much of the global North, researchers are already documenting changes that seem influenced by climate change. Most regions in North America and Europe have experienced a documented increase in hot days and a decrease in cooler days since the 1950s, for example. Based on that data, climate models can predict with high confidence that countries in northern Europe will “very likely” see an increase in hot days in the future, along with more intense precipitation in the winter months, and perhaps won’t experience major changes in drought conditions.But across broad swaths of Africa, Asia, and South America, that kind of accounting isn’t possible. In East Africa, for instance, there isn’t even enough published scientific literature to say whether temperatures have shifted since the 1950s.The same goes for precipitation changes. When the IPCC mapped how rainfall amounts had changed from 1951 to 2010, North America and Europe were clearly shaded in a color gradient showing increases or decreases in rainfall. But almost all of central Africa, as well as patches of Asia and South America, had to be left blank due to insufficient data:There’s a reason for this data gap: The majority of the studies analyzed or evaluated by the IPCC concerned North America and Europe. The report summarized more than 10,000 studies about Europe, but only 2,982 about Africa.This effect isn’t just dependent on southernness, but on historical affluence. Though Australia is roughly half the size of South America, the former contributed about 1,000 more studies to the IPCC report.“If you’ve got 10,000 available studies on the issues versus 3,000, you’re actually able to say much more rigorously and specifically that tons of impacts are happening in Europe, whereas the evidence is a lot scarcer in [other parts of the world],” Mach told me.The IPCC’s models do extrapolate and fill in all areas of the globe with predictions for changes in precipitation and temperature, she added. But those conclusions might not be as accurate or nuanced for regions with less historical data to begin with.This effect is particularly troublesome when dealing with a complex ecosystem like the Sahara, which expands and contracts seasonally due to natural variations in ocean currents. It can become difficult, if not impossible, to understand that unique region by tracing back rainfall and weather records more than a few decades, and it can pose a problem to isolating short-term patterns from long-term climate trends.The catalog of places that suffer worst from the climate data gap is not entirely arbitrary. Despite sharing a history of colonization by Europeans, for example, the Indian subcontinent tends to have much better records than Africa.“It mattered to [the British empire] that they had good data” from India, says Amir Jina, an environmental and developmental economist at the University of Chicago. “Because agricultural products were such a big component of the income from [the colony], weather data was very important. So the British put in place this data-collection infrastructure in their colonies.”Of course, this did not make the British any better stewards of the continent. Colonial officials may have implemented the scientific apparatus to collect weather data and crop records, but they still sought environmental and social control over India. Their bounty of data did not stop them from acting to the deliberate detriment of locals, exporting millions of pounds of rice out of the colony during periods of famine.“A lot of places in sub-Saharan Africa, it’s the opposite story,” Jina told me. “[Some of the continent] was colonized during the scramble for Africa—and so it mattered that colonial officials knew where gold was or the mines were to extract it,” but not so much that they monitored fluctuations in the weather.Collecting good data is also expensive, particularly if the country in question lacks financial and institutional resources, Jina added.In some cases, the historical gaps in climate data and the infrastructure to collect it can be made up for by technological advances and international scientific projects. Satellites, for instance, can produce high-resolution images and temperature and precipitation records for most places on Earth.But just because this data exists, climate scientists don’t automatically have access to it. Take the situation in the world-famous, ecologically diverse, and climatically vital Himalayas.In 2012, Kamal Bawa, a conservation biologist at the University of Massachusetts at Boston, used satellite imagery to track changes in temperature, rainfall, and vegetation patterns in the Himalayas. The study was one of the first large-scale climatic analyses for the region, and it states that the Himalayas have already experienced at least 1.5 degrees Celsius of warming on average over the past 25 years.Bawa told me that it can be difficult for researchers to navigate the politics of the mountains, which straddle Pakistan, India, Nepal, and China. There’s also a lack of funding, institutional resources, and international attention to a region that is particularly vulnerable to climate change both ecologically and socially.In some cases, the best data just come from asking around. In a 2011 study, Bawa and his colleagues assessed how local villagers understood the changes in the landscape’s weather patterns and vegetation.“When you go to the villages, people are talking about weather all the time,” he said. “Their daily activity is defined by what’s going to happen in the next two hours. ‘When is the rain going to end so we can do our chores?’ That’s a constant discussion.”In other cases, they’ve just had to estimate. Jina and a team of researchers at the University of Chicago recently released a paper that models heat-related deaths in future climate scenarios. First, the team compiled one of the most comprehensive data sets to date on mortality: It covers 56 percent of the global population.But this still left the other 44 percent to be filled in with a supercomputer model. “If we had data on 1 percent of the world, we could extrapolate out and say we had information on 100 percent of the world,” Jina said. “But the accuracy of that is open to question.”“There’s this quote that I really love from Galileo that really describes science in a nutshell: ‘Measure what you can measure and make measurable what you can’t,’” he told me. “There are things which are very easy to measure for social and historical and other reasons, but as researchers, we’re not doing as well at measuring new things and new places. That’s an embedded problem in science and history—but usually it’s the most vulnerable people being written out of all the knowledge we’re generating. And I think that’s an enormous problem.”
752	4	A climate action group consisting of lawyers says the Climate Change Commission has made a fundamental error and set the proposed cap for Aotearoa’s carbon emissions this decade too high.  Lawyers for Climate Action (LCANZI) said the error meant the commission’s draft advice to the government risked being unlawful. In its submission to the commission’s draft advice on meeting the country’s role in curbing global warming, the lawyers said its methods make future carbon “budgets” look more ambitious than they are. “Aotearoa’s international reputation and brand will be at risk if we fail to adopt budgets and policies consistent with doing our fair share to keep global warming to less than 1.5 degrees Celsius,” said Jenny Cooper QC, LCANZI’s president. READ MORE: * The mystery at the heart of the Climate Commission’s strategy * Have your say on Climate Change Commission’s historic report * National Portrait: Rod Carr, climate tsar   The lawyers group said it believed the country's emissions over the decade should be set at 400 million tonnes, far lower than the 628 million tonne level recommended by the commission in its draft advice released in late January. “This is a fundamental error that must be fixed before the advice is finalised – failing this, the advice will be unlawful, in our opinion,” said Cooper. “We consider that emissions greater than 400 million tonnes, between 2021 and 2030, cannot be justified. The commission’s advice will be highly influential in guiding government policy on climate change action, and its draft advice had already said previous targets were too low. LCANZI also took issued with the methodology used by the commission in calculating the path of the country’s emissions. “The commissions charts give the misleading appearance of emissions reducing over time, whereas our net emissions have been increasing decade-on-decade since 1990,” said the group’s submission. “(Emissions) would continue to do so in 2021-20 if the draft emissions budgets were adopted.” “This may have given the commission false comfort about the level of ambition in our targets,” said LCANZI. The lawyers also took issue with commission’s recommendation that the country should use “offshore mitigation” – effectively buying credits – to bridge the gap between actual emissions, and those committed to in the Paris Agreement. “While we do not oppose all use of offshore mitigation, the approach taken is at odds with the (Climate Change Response) Act and the Paris Agreement itself,” it said. LCANZI said despite its criticism, it supported the commission’s objectives, and its draft report contained excellent policy suggestions warranting urgent action to be put into practice. It also praised the commission's openness and willingness to engage with the group. Lawyers for Climate Action is monitoring responses to climate action policy around the country, and in February warned Auckland Council it could face legal action if its decisions did not match its promises. The city will on Tuesday finalise its draft Regional Land Transport Plan for public submissions, a plan which acknowledges it won’t reduce the region’s carbon footprint by 2031 – a year by which the council has pledge to halve emissions.
445	5	"You're probably reading this on your phone. If not, take it out your pocket and look at it.It's a smartphone, isn't it? Think how often you use it and all the useful things it helps you do. Now, think back. How long since you bought your first smartphone?It will be about 10 years, most likely a bit less. Not long. Yet they are now ubiquitous: virtually everyone, everywhere has one and uses it for hours every day.It shows how quickly new technology can take off. The original iPhone was only introduced in 2007 and - bizarre as it now seems - it wasn't regarded as revolutionary back then.Check out this Forbes magazine cover published nine months after the iPhone was released.And Forbes wasn't alone. The iPhone was just ""one more entrant into an already very busy space,"" according to the boss of the company that made Blackberrys. Remember them?Not only have smartphones crushed all other phone technologies, they have upended dozens of other industries too. They've killed the camera and powered the rise of social media and dating apps. They've decimated the traditional taxi industry.So what has this got to do with energy?It proves an important point about all successful new technologies: it is easy to see why they were so transformative in hindsight, much harder to predict how they will reshape our world in advance.Which brings me to green technology - wind turbines, electric vehicles, solar panels and batteries, that kind of thing.If you still think adopting these new technologies will be an expensive chore, think again.Green tech is at a tipping point where it could take off explosively - just like the smartphone did. And, just like the smartphone, it could bring a revolution in how we do much more than just create energy.So why did the smartphone do so well? Its success was down to a unique convergence of technologies. For the first time, touchscreens, batteries, data networks, compact computer chips, micro-sensors and more were cheap, reliable and small enough to make a $600 (Â£460) smartphone possible.And as demand for smartphones picked up, manufacturers learned how to make those technologies even cheaper and better too.Something similar is now happening with green tech.After years of development, it is becoming much cheaper and more effective. The world's best solar power schemes are now the ""cheapest source of electricity in history"", the International Energy Agency (IEA), which analyses energy markets, said this month.""Renewable energy is likely to penetrate the energy system more quickly than any fuel ever seen in history,"" predicts Spencer Dale, the chief economist at the oil giant BP.And BP is putting its money where Mr Dale's mouth is. It's pledged to cut its oil and gas production by 40% in the next 10 years, and to plough money into developing its low-carbon business instead.Meanwhile, Boris Johnson, the UK Prime Minister, announced a Â£160m investment that he said would see offshore wind producing more than half of current UK electricity demand by 2030.That's right. An investment of just Â£160m in offshore wind when the new nuclear plant at Hinkley Point, in Somerset, is costing at least Â£22.5 billion.How is it so cheap? Because the UK government won't be paying for the new wind turbines, the private sector will. In the UK, offshore wind will soon be profitable without subsidy. Indeed, developers may soon have to pay for access to our continental shelf.Think what that means. You don't need governments offering inducements for companies to build new renewable power, they'll be paying us for the privilege of doing so.But that is just the beginning. What happens when the world doubles down on cutting carbon?The European Union has already signed up to a â¬1tn-plus green stimulus plan. China says it is on board too. At the United Nations' General Assembly meeting in New York this month, Chinese President Xi Jinping made an unconditional commitment that China would cut its carbon emissions to net zero by 2060. Japan and South Korea both announced a 2050 net zero pledge this week, and if Joe Biden wins the American presidential election, he has similarly ambitious carbon cutting plans.Both Biden and the EU have warned they will introduce carbon tariffs to penalise countries that haven't abated emissions selling high-carbon products in their markets.That'll be a powerful encouragement for the rest of the world to follow suit. But even if they don't, we'd have America, China and Europe - half of world emissions and more than half of world GDP - doubling down on cutting carbon.That means even more investment in wind, solar, batteries, electric cars, electrolysis, carbon capture and storage, and any other green technology you can think of.Just like with the smartphone, it becomes a virtuous cycle.""What we've seen up to now is called a learning curve,"" explains Spencer Dale. ""The more you produce something, the better you get at producing it.""As the amount of solar and wind capacity in the world has doubled and doubled again, the costs have steadily fallen - something documented by the clean tech advocate Ramez Naam. ""And at the moment there doesn't seem to be any sign that those learning curves are flattening out,"" says Mr Dale.If he's right, then costs will continue to fall, making renewables increasingly competitive, which in turn will lead to more investment and more renewable power. You get the idea.Let's now do a thought experiment.The big challenge with renewables is what they call in the trade ""intermittency"" - the fact that you don't get any power when the sun doesn't shine or the wind doesn't blow. It is a big problem. Nobody wants the power to go off. RethinkX, an American think tank specialising in blue-skies thinking on the future of industries, says we need to change our whole mindset about how we generate power. We are used to worrying about the costs of overcapacity - producing more power than is needed. That's because the fuel used to generate power is expensive.  Not so with renewables. Once you've built them, the power they generate from the wind and sun comes virtually free of charge.RethinkX says this will do to energy what the internet and smartphones have done to data. Thirty years ago there was an inherent physical cost to every newspaper printed or photo taken. Now that everything is digital, the only limit on how much we read or post on Instagram is the number of hours in our day.RethinkX argues that instead of simply replacing existing fossil fuel plants with wind and solar - and then worrying about the cost of plugging those big intermittency gaps - we should just build more and more and more wind and solar, perhaps several times the capacity of the existing electricity grid.Remember, the more we build, the cheaper it gets. So long as we spread them over a wide enough area we'll always get some power. And we can plug the few small gaps remaining with batteries or other power plants.  And here's the thing. On sunny and windy days we'll have a huge surplus of electricity at pretty much no extra cost.What could you do with huge amounts of cheap power? You'll certainly want to use it to make more wind turbines and solar panels. But what about electrolysing water to produce hydrogen that can heat homes, power trucks and ships, or make steel? You could power machines to take carbon dioxide out of the atmosphere. Or how about a plant to make carbon-neutral aviation fuel from that hydrogen and carbon dioxide? Or a desalination plant to irrigate a desert? RethinkX even suggests the power could be used to mine for cryptocurrencies.The point is this: the cost of energy is a key constraint in virtually everything we do. So new industries are likely rise up to make use of this plentiful power.Obviously they'll have to pay something for this bounty and that'll mean the power that boils your kettle and charges your electric car will be cheaper too.Of course, we are a long way from this utopia. The chances are this vision of unlimited, virtually cost-free energy, may not come to pass - or at least not in the 10-year timeframe they predict.The sheer physical challenge of building so much new infrastructure means it will take time to build up the supply chains and raw materials needed, and there may be limits to how much solar and wind some countries can harness.But the central point remains: there are powerful forces driving down the cost of renewable technologies that upend the traditional narrative of decarbonisation.Contrary to what we are normally told, switching to low-carbon energy doesn't have to be an onerous obligation that will impoverish us and make life less exciting.Instead, it could open up a world of new opportunities, new businesses and livelihoods. And what's more, this could all happen quite soon. Spencer Dale quotes the eminent German economist, Rudi Dornbusch who said: ""In economics, things take longer to happen than you think they will, and then they happen faster than you thought they could.""And if you don't believe that, just think about all the changes your smartphone has helped bring about in the world.Follow Justin on Twitter.I've travelled all over the world for the BBC and seen evidence of environmental damage and climate change everywhere. It's the biggest challenge humanity has ever faced. Tackling it means changing how we do virtually everything. We are right to be anxious and afraid at the prospect, but I reckon we should also see this as a thrilling story of exploration, and I'm delighted to have been given the chance of a ringside seat as chief environment correspondent."
105	5	Nicola Sturgeon said that climate change is a 'feminist issue' as she joined US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi at Cop 26 today.Scotland's First Minister told the UN climate summit in Glasgow that the voices of women must be at the centre of helping to tackle environmental damage.She demanded more women and girls are involved in decision-making roles, saying the fact that a minority of the 120 world leaders earlier who addressed the event in Scotland were female 'must change'.Women are more vulnerable to the impacts of climate change, as they form a large majority of the world's poor, often depend on small-scale farming for their livelihoods and can comprise 80 per cent of those displaced by climate-related disasters.Speaking today as she chaired a panel at an event focusing on advancing gender equality in climate action, Ms Sturgeon said: 'There is no doubt we must ensure that climate change is a feminist issue.'We must make sure that the experiences of women and girls across the world, so often disproportionately impacted by climate change, are understood as we devise the solutions.Scotland's First Minister told the UN climate summit in Glasgow that the voices of women must be at the centre of helping to tackle environmental damage.Ms Sturgeon was introduced by US Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi, who said has said dealing with climate change is a matter of 'justice and equality'.'And we must make sure that the voices of women are at the centre of creating and implementing the solutions to climate change.'Ms Sturgeon was introduced by US Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi, who said  has said dealing with climate change is a matter of 'justice and equality'.Ms Sturgeon added: 'When world leaders gathered here this time last week, of the 120 or so a tiny minority were women.'That needs to change and it needs to change quickly.'Ms Pelosi led a group of more than 20 US politicians who have travelled to the conference in Glasgow.Addressing the conference on Tuesday, she said this was the largest congressional delegation ever to have attended a climate change conference.She said: 'Eighty per cent of the people displaced in climate change globally are women.'Addressing the rapidly changing climate is a matter of justice and equality, with the most vulnerable most affected, including indigenous communities and our focus today - and every day - on women.'We come here fresh from advancing the most ambitious and consequential climate and energy legislation of all time in our country.'    Among those speaking on the panel was the climate activist Fatou Jeng from Gambia.She explained how her country is being affected by climate change, despite contributing 'very little' greenhouse gases.Ms Jeng said the impacts - including flooding, sea-level rises, drought and desertification - mainly affect agriculture, where women dominate as they use agricultural proceeds to support themselves and their children's education.She said: 'I am a daughter of a farmer and my mum sells vegetables, but climate change has basically affected severely this particular activity that my family has been engaged in.'Ms Jeng said through her community work she had seen girls forced into child marriage due to family poverty caused by climate change and others forced to stay at home through flooding.She said scientists had warned that the capital city, Banjul, where she lives would be 'inundated' if the sea level rises by a metre.She added: 'We are sitting here in the negotiation rooms making policies about climate crisis but are we really considering the gender aspect of it?'Because the climate change issue is a human rights issue because of how it has been affecting people.'She called for gender equality to be prioritised, saying in previous years there had been a lot of talk but little progress.'We have the opportunity to sit and negotiate about the climate crisis and think we really need to consider those people that are left behind that are facing the daily challenges they continue to face,' she added.'And if we want to achieve and get to a fairer planet we really need to make sure that women and girls are put at the heart and the centre of the discussions that we have been having today.'The First Minister said the words of the panel speakers were 'incredibly powerful', adding: 'Climate change is a human rights issue, gender equality is a human rights issue, the impact of climate on women is a human rights issue and that is how we must see it.'The event followed the UK Government announcing that £165 million would go towards boosting equality for women and climate action.An official said addressing the inequalities faced by women and girls could help action to tackle climate change.Ministers said the £165 million included £45 million to help groups in Asia and the Pacific challenge gender inequalities and adapt to the impacts of climate change.And £120 million would be used to build resilience to climate change, prevent pollution, protect wildlife, boost renewable energy and manage waste, as well as support women's leadership, access to finance, education and skills in Bangladesh.International Trade Secretary Anne-Marie Trevelyan, who chaired the event, said: 'It is women, girls and those who are already most marginalised, that will be most severely impacted by climate change.'But they also have a critical role to play to address the climate crisis.
710	2	"""Green snow"" is spreading on the Antarctic peninsula as global temperatures rise, according to a study published today. A team of researchers from the University of Cambridge and the British Antarctic Survey have created the first ever large-scale map of microscopic algae as they bloom across the surface of snow along the coastline, playing an important role in the continent's ecosystem and its carbon cycling. The map provides a baseline to analyse how rapidly Antarctica is turning green from the impacts of climate change.Although each of the single-cell organisms are microscopic in size, when algae densely populate the snow, it turns a vivid green across an area so large that it can be seen from space. The scientists found that ""green snow"" will likely affect more of Antarctica's frozen landscape as global temperatures rise and create slushy conditions that allow them to bloom. Researchers discovered that the appearance of green snow algae was strongly influenced by excrement from marine birds and mammals which acts as a natural fertiliser and accelerates algal growth.Nearly two-thirds of blooms were found within 5km of a penguin colony while other blooms appeared near bird nests and and where seals come ashore.The research was conducted by combining satellite data with the team's on-the-ground observations over two summers in Antarctica. Read our full mailing list consent terms hereRead our full mailing list consent terms hereThe green snow algae was found in ""warmer"" areas of the Antarctic Peninsula where average temperatures are just above 0 degrees Celsius during the Southern Hemisphere's summer months of November to February. The study was published on Wednesday in the journal Nature Communications.Dr Matt Davey, from Cambridge's Department of Plant Sciences who led the study, said: ""This is a significant advance in our understanding of land-based life on Antarctica, and how it might change in the coming years as the climate warms.""Snow algae are a key component of the continent's ability to capture carbon dioxide from the atmosphere through photosynthesis."" [The process in which plants and algae generate their own energy, using sunlight to capture carbon dioxide from the atmosphere and release oxygen].Dr Davey added that 1,679 separate blooms of green algae were found on the snow surface, ""which together covered an area of 1.9 km2, equating to a carbon sink of around 479 tonnes per year"".This is equivalent to the amount of carbon emitted by about 875,000 car journeys.Antarctica is responding rapidly to climate changes in the region. The researchers say that the total amount of carbon held in Antarctic snow algae is likely to be much larger because carbon dioxide is also taken up by other red and orange algae which were not measured in the study.Further work is planned to measure these other algal blooms, and blooms across the entire continent.  "
247	5	"It has been around 20 years since a lengthy discussion on climate change featured in a presidential debate during which time a monumental shift has happened in how America views the crisis. Two-thirds of Americans think that the US government should do more on climate change and moderator Kristen Welker asked both Donald Trump and Joe Biden how they would step up on the issue during the final presidential debate on Thursday, with millions of Americans already taking to the polls ahead of election day on 3 November. Calling it an “existential crisis”, Mr Biden sounded the alarm for the world to address global warming, as Mr Trump took credit for pulling the US out of the 2015 Paris Climate Accord, the international agreement aimed at doing precisely that.Mr Trump said his focus was saving American jobs, while taking credit for some of the “cleanest air and water the nation has seen in generations"" — partly down to regulations passed in the Obama era. The president then pivoted to an attack on clean energy, taking particular issue with windmills, falsely stating they “kill all the birds” and saying ""the fumes coming up, if you’re a believer in carbon emission … for these massive windmills is more than anything we’re talking about with natural gas which is very clean”.Mr Biden spoke of a transition from the oil industry to renewable, clean energy which Mr Trump immediately jumped upon, asking voters in Texas and Pennsylvania if they were listening.The former vice president also made the case for his plan that tackling climate change will create good-paying jobs - an issue of particular importance to his base. He called for massive investment to create new environmentally-friendly industries. Read our full mailing list consent terms hereRead our full mailing list consent terms hereThe Independent asked some of the country’s leading climate scientists, policy experts and environmentalists for their takeaways from the climate change portion of the debate.Michael Mann,  Distinguished Professor of Atmospheric Science at Penn State and member of the  US National Academy of Sciences: ""Tonight's debate highlighted the starkest contrast imaginable between the two candidates when it comes to the defining challenge of our time.“On the one hand you have Donald Trump who denies the climate threat and has sought to sabotage both domestic and international efforts to act, and on the other hand you have Joe Biden who has put forward a bold climate plan, recognising the win-win scenario of a clean energy economy that promises jobs and a hospitable plant for us and future generations.”Jamie Henn, director of Fossil Free Media and co-founder of grassroots movement, 350.org:  ""The fact that environmental justice came up in tonight's debate is a testament to how far this movement has come over the last year. “Climate is no longer just an environmental issue, it's about justice, jobs, and our public health. Biden clearly understands this. He spoke passionately about the impacts of pollution and how a clean energy economy could create opportunities for all. Trump, meanwhile, is still stuck in an alternate universe, spouting off nonsense about climate change being a hoax and acting as if fracking is somehow going to save our economy.”Drew McConville, Senior Managing Director of Government Relations for The Wilderness Society Action Fund: “Despite President Trump’s claims of environmental heroism, nobody’s buying it.  It’s no secret that his Administration and fossil fuel industry engineered a full retreat on climate action, the gutting of health and environmental standards, and the auctioning of America’s most valuable public lands. In contrast, Vice President Biden has fought for clean energy and environmental protections, and he has committed to bold, science-based action for tackling the climate and nature crises as President.” Andrés Jimenez, Executive Director of Green 2.0, an advocacy group to increase racial diversity among environmental organisations: ""Americans deserved a more substantive debate than what they saw tonight. The frontline communities who bear the brunt of our country's inaction on climate change – overwhelmingly Black, brown and indigenous – deserve a much more robust conversation about the consequences of our federal government's lack of a comprehensive plan to address the climate crisis. It also calls for a fact-based discussion about how each candidate's plan will affect job growth in the energy sector and in those frontline communities.""Gernot Wagner, climate economist at NYU and a founding executive director of Harvard’s Solar Geoengineering Research Program: ""Joe Biden came out swinging, and he hit a home-run, emphasising how his ambitious climate plan has the support of both the environmental and labor communities, addressing justice concerns, and leading to higher economic growth. Win-win-win-win.""The more fundamental bit, of course, is that Joe Biden has a climate plan, while Donald Trump does not, other than to dismantle existing environmental protections. In fact, climate is part of several of Biden's plans, on justice, foreign policy, and economic policy more broadly.""Greenpeace USA Climate Campaigner Ashley Thomson: “The differences between Joe Biden and Donald Trump are wider on climate than perhaps any other issue. Trump has fuelled the climate crisis at every turn, selling out working people and families in order to let corporate polluters wreak havoc. ""It was painfully clear on the debate stage that Trump does not have a plan. His attacks on the Green New Deal and the integrity of the election only reinforce one thing — he knows he’s losing. Climate denial is not a victimless crime, and voters are ready to hold the perpetrators accountable at the ballot box in this election.""350 Action North America Director Tamara Toles O’Laughlin: “It’s undeniable that climate is a top issue for voters. At tonight’s final debate, Joe Biden demonstrated the capacity for leadership our country needs and deserves, including tackling the climate crisis at scale. He doubled down on stopping fossil fuel subsidies, re-joining the Paris agreement, and creating millions of good, green jobs. We are committed to holding a Biden administration accountable to stop fracking and protect our communities. ""Black, Indigenous, and communities of colour continue to bear the brunt of Donald Trump and his fossil fuel lies. It’s time for a just transition for workers across the industry. The planet can’t take four more years of Trump’s deadly mismanagement and plain incompetence."""
975	5	"This March 5, 2017 photo shows travertine pools with white films of carbon fused with calcium, a chemical process being explored by a geological research project, in the al-Hajjar mountains of Oman. Deep in the jagged red mountains, geologists from the Oman Drilling Project are drilling in search of the holy grail of reversing climate change: an efficient and cheap way to remove carbon dioxide from the air and oceans. They are coring samples from one of the world's only exposed sections of the Earth’s mantle to uncover how a spontaneous natural process millions of years ago transformed CO2 into limestone and marble. (AP Photo/Sam McNeil)(The Associated Press)This March 5, 2017 photo shows travertine pools with white films of carbon fused with calcium, a chemical process being explored by a geological research project, in the al-Hajjar mountains of Oman. Deep in the jagged red mountains, geologists from the Oman Drilling Project are drilling in search of the holy grail of reversing climate change: an efficient and cheap way to remove carbon dioxide from the air and oceans. They are coring samples from one of the world's only exposed sections of the Earth’s mantle to uncover how a spontaneous natural process millions of years ago transformed CO2 into limestone and marble. (AP Photo/Sam McNeil)(The Associated Press)This March 1, 2017 photo, shows the research tent of the Oman Drilling Project, in the al-Hajjar mountains of Oman. Deep in the jagged red mountains, the geologists are drilling in search of the holy grail of reversing climate change: an efficient and cheap way to remove carbon dioxide from the air and oceans.They are coring samples from one of the world's only exposed sections of the Earth’s mantle to uncover how a spontaneous natural process millions of years ago transformed CO2 into limestone and marble. (AP Photo/Sam McNeil)(The Associated Press)WADI ABDAH, Oman – Deep in the jagged red mountains of Oman, geologists are drilling in search of the holy grail of reversing climate change: an efficient and cheap way to remove carbon dioxide from the air and oceans.They are coring samples from one of the world's only exposed sections of the Earth's mantle to uncover how a spontaneous natural process millions of years ago transformed CO2 into limestone and marble.As the world mobilizes to confront climate change, the main focus has been on reducing emissions through fuel efficient cars and cleaner power plants. But some researchers are also testing ways to remove or recycle carbon already in the seas and sky.The Hellisheidi geothermal plant in Iceland injects carbon into volcanic rock. At the massive Sinopec fertilizer plant in China, CO2 is filtered and reused as fuel. In all, 16 industrial projects currently capture and store around 27 million tons of CO2, according to the International Energy Agency. That's less than 0.1 percent of global emissions — but the technology has shown promise.""Any one technique is not guaranteed to succeed,"" said Stuart Haszeldine, a geology professor at the University of Edinburgh who serves on a U.N. climate body studying how to reduce atmospheric carbon.""If we're interested as a species, we've got to try a lot harder and do a lot more and a lot of different actions,"" he said.One such action is underway in the al-Hajjar Mountains of Oman, in a quiet corner of the Arabian Peninsula, where a unique rock formation pulls carbon out of thin air.Peter Kelemen, a 61-year-old geochemist at Columbia University's Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory, has been exploring Oman's hills for nearly three decades. ""You can walk down these beautiful canyons and basically descend 20 kilometers (12 miles) into the earth's interior,"" he said.The sultanate boasts the largest exposed sections of the Earth's mantle, thrust up by plate tectonics millions of years ago. The mantle contains peridotite, a rock that reacts with the carbon in air and water to form marble and limestone.""Every single magnesium atom in these rocks has made friends with the carbon dioxide to form solid limestone, magnesium carbonate, plus quartz,"" he said as he patted a rust-colored boulder in the Wadi Mansah valley.""There's about a billion tons of CO2 in this mountain,"" he said, pointing off to the east.Rain and springs pull carbon from the exposed mantle to form stalactites and stalagmites in mountain caves. Natural pools develop surface scum of white carbonate. Scratch off this thin white film, Kelemen said, and it'll grow back in a day.""For a geologist this is supersonic,"" he said.He and a team of 40 scientists have formed the Oman Drilling Project in order to better understand how that process works and whether it could be used to scrub the earth's carbon-laden atmosphere. The $3.5 million project has support from across the globe, including NASA.Carbon dioxide is the primary greenhouse gas driving climate change, which threatens political instability, severe weather and food insecurity worldwide, according to the United Nations climate body.Natural CO2 levels have risen from 280 to 405 parts per million since the Industrial Revolution, and current estimates hold that the world will be 6 C hotter by 2100.In 2015, 196 nations signed the Paris climate accords, agreeing to curb greenhouse gas emissions to levels that would keep the rise in the Earth's temperature to under 2 C.That has injected new urgency into the work underway in Oman, where Keleman's team recently spent four months extracting dozens of core samples, which they hope to use to construct a geological history of the process that turns CO2 into carbonate.""It's like a jigsaw puzzle,"" said Nehal Warsi, 33, who oversees the drilling process.Around 13 tons of core samples from four different sites will be sent to the Chikyu, a state-of-the-art research vessel off the coast of Japan, where Keleman and other geologists will analyze them in round-the-clock shifts.They hope to answer the question of how the rocks managed to capture so much CO2 over the course of 90 million years — and to see if there's a way to speed up the timetable.Kelemen thinks a drilling operation could cycle carbon-rich water into the newly formed seabed on oceanic ridges far below the surface. Just like in Oman's mountains, the submerged rock would chemically absorb carbon from the water. The water could then be cycled back to the surface to absorb more CO2 from the atmosphere, in a sort of conveyor belt.Such a project would require years more of testing, but Kelemen hopes the energy industry, with its offshore drilling expertise and deep pockets, will take interest.""Ultimately, if the goal is to capture billions and billions of tons of carbon, that's where James Cameron comes in,"" he said, half joking, referring to the ""Titanic"" and ""Avatar"" director who has also pioneered undersea technology. Cameron himself piloted a submersible to the deepest point on Earth in 2012 and retrieved samples while filming ""Deepsea Challenge.""""He hasn't responded to my messages yet,"" Kelemen said."
732	4	"Tobias Adrian, director of the IMF's monetary and capital markets department, said the climate crisis could ""absolutely"" ignite a financial crisis.""The climate crisis is slow in the making, but it's potentially disastrous,"" Adrian said in an interview from the sidelines of the Green Swan Conference, a virtual event focused on how the financial industry can take action against climate risks.Adrian, a former official at the New York Federal Reserve Bank, pointed to how the economies of the Bahamas, Philippines and other nations have been crushed by hurricanes and typhoons in recent years. ""There are many countries where you see the climate catastrophe is catastrophic for the financial system,"" he said. ""Even if you don't believe it's the central scenario, there is still quite a bit of downside risk. And risk management is all about making sure that even in the worst cases, you are able to survive.""'Shocks to the financial system'The comments echo a warning made last September in a federal report that acknowledged ""climate change poses a major risk to the stability of the US financial system and to its ability to sustain the American economy."" The report, published by the climate subcommittee of the US Commodity Futures Trading Commission, implored regulators to ""more urgently and decisively"" work to address looming economic damage from climate change. In March, researchers at the Federal Reserve wrote in a report that climate-related economic or financial risks may not necessarily impact financial stability, though they acknowledged that is a possibility under certain scenarios. Storms, floods, wildfires or other acute hazards can quickly change or reveal new information about the economic outlook or the value of financial assets, the Fed report said. ""Climate risks can manifest as shocks to the financial system,"" the researchers wrote.The Fed researchers added that economic and financial risks can amplify one another, for example if weather-related property destruction sparked bank losses that led to less lending and reduced investment. ""With the potential for sudden, large shifts in perceptions of risk, chronic hazards could produce abrupt repricing events, if investor expectations or sentiment about the physical risks change abruptly,"" the report said, adding that more research is needed to better understand these risks.Climate stress testsUS financial regulators, after taking a largely hands-off approach during the Trump administration, have only just begun to examine these risk factors. In December, the Fed formally joined the Network of Central Banks and Supervisors for Greening the Financial System, one of the co-sponsors of the Green Swan Conference. Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen said last month that she and President Biden are ""committed to using the full power of the US federal government to address climate change.""Adrian outlined four key areas where climate should be incorporated into financial regulation, including by introducing climate stress testing of physical risks and how exposed economies are to the energy transition. ""The climate crisis is an existential crisis,"" the IMF official said. ""It will require a certain degree of shifts in how we look at exposures. That is the point of climate stress tests: to make investors aware. In capital markets, the shift is already happening.""While the IMF is already conducting climate stress tests on some countries, such an evaluation would require regulatory or even legislative changes in the United States. Is climate in the Fed's mandate?Adrian also called for revamped standards for data and disclosure around climate risks to boost transparency.""Climate data is very noisy at the moment. It's very hard to classify to what degree a given company is green or brown,"" he said. Gary Gensler, chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission, recently told Congress he plans to introduce new rules around corporate climate disclosures later this year.Meanwhile, Adrian said regulators must do more work on how to regulate financial institutions in a way that makes the system more climate friendly. ""That is still in its infancy,"" he said. Lastly, Adrian said central banks need to evaluate how to incorporate climate into monetary policy and asset purchases — a step that the IMF official acknowledged is ""quite controversial.""Indeed, a dozen Republican senators wrote a letter to Fed Chairman Jerome Powell in March questioning the central bank's jurisdiction and expertise in environmental matters. ""This effort is not grounded in science or economics,"" they wrote, ""but is instead a self-fulfilling prophesy: claim there are financial risks with energy exploration and other disfavored investments then use the levers of government — via the unelected bureaucracy — to ban or limit those activities.""Fed Chairman Jerome Powell pushed back by pointing out the US central bank supervises banks.""The reason we're focused on climate change,"" Powell said during a speech in April, ""is that our job is to make sure that financial institutions, banks, particularly the largest ones, understand and are able to manage the significant risks that they take."""
118	5	"Greta Thunberg says Jacinda Ardern, like other world leaders, is doing nothing to fight the climate crisis. Photos / Getty ImagesGreta Thunberg does not think much of New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern's efforts when it comes to climate change - in fact, she thinks the PM, like most politicians, hasn't done anything.In her latest interview with the Guardian, published this weekend, the climate activist continues to raise the alarm about the destructive effect of climate change and the desperate need for all countries to act - and she's called out leaders for failing to do so.When asked what she thinks of the way government leaders around the globe are tackling the climate crisis, Thunberg had no positive comments to make and said she could not think of a single politician who had impressed her.The Guardian asked if not even Ardern, who recently called the climate crisis a matter of ""life or death"", Thunberg said it is ""funny"" that ""people believe Jacinda Ardern and people like that are climate leaders"".""That just tells you how little people know about the climate crisis,"" she said.""Obviously the emissions haven't fallen. It goes without saying that these people are not doing anything.""In a previous article, Thunberg had singled out New Zealand as ""one of the world's worst performers on emission increases"".""New Zealand is one of the world’s worst performers on emission increases. Its emissions rose by 57% between 1990 and 2018 – the second greatest increase of all industrialised countries."" writes The Guardian.https://t.co/z8aa58eVulThe New Zealand Government says it is committed to reaching net-zero emissions of greenhouse gases and reducing methane emissions by between 24 to 47 per cent by 2050."
165	3	Want climate news in your inbox? Sign up here for Climate Fwd:, our email newsletter.Climate change policy toppled the government in Australia on Friday. How much does that really matter?It is certain to keep Australia from meeting its emissions targets under the Paris climate agreement. It’s also a glimpse into what a potent political issue climate change and energy policy can be in a handful of countries with powerful fossil fuel lobbies, namely Australia, Canada and the United States.In Australia, the world’s largest exporter of coal, climate and energy policy have infused politics for a decade, helping to bring down both liberal and conservative lawmakers. This week, the failure to pass legislation that would have reined in greenhouse gas emissions precipitated Malcolm Turnbull’s ouster as prime minister. He was elbowed out by Scott Morrison, an ardent champion of the Australian coal industry who is known for having brought a lump of the stuff to Parliament.It could be a bellwether for next year’s Canadian elections, expected in October, in which Prime Minister Justin Trudeau faces a powerful challenge from politicians aligned with the country’s oil industry. Conservatives have pledged to undo Mr. Trudeau’s plans to put a price on carbon nationwide if they take power. At the provincial level, conservatives won a majority in Ontario after campaigning against the province’s newly enacted cap-and-trade program. The Australian parallels with the United States are striking. The Trump administration has promised to revive the coal industry, rolled back fuel emissions standards and announced the country’s exit from the Paris pact altogether. Climate change is not a driving issue in the United States midterm election campaign, though it is for liberal Democrats, a recent study by the Yale Program on Climate Change Communication has shown.Environmental policy and global warming are top priorities for those who describe themselves as liberal Democrats, the study found, after health care and gun control. Democrats in Congress suffered sweeping losses in the 2010 midterms after trying and failing to pass a cap-and-trade program for carbon dioxide emissions. A few studies by political scientists have suggested that the cap-and-trade votes may have hurt some incumbents who voted for the measure, though economic factors and the health care debate played a large role.Robert C. Orr, dean of the School of Public Policy at the University of Maryland, pointed to another parallel: In both Australia and the United States, local leaders have embraced renewable energy even as national politicians promote fossil fuels.“Australia is a lot like the U.S.,” said Dr. Orr, who is also the special adviser on climate change to the United Nations secretary general. “Climate policy has really been driven from below, from the state, local and business level. That is not going to change.”Most Australian states have renewable energy targets, and Australians are powering their houses with solar energy at one of the highest rates in the world. But Australia’s emissions have continued to rise.Australia is among several industrialized nations that are not on track to reduce greenhouse gas emissions to keep global warming below two degrees Celsius as the Paris accord promises, according to independent analyses.Climate Action Tracker, an alliance of European think tanks that tracks countries’ climate pledges under the agreement, concluded recently that “if all other countries were to follow Australia’s current policy settings, warming could reach over 3°C and up to 4°C.” Those are levels that climate scientists consider “highly insufficient” to stop the worst effects of climate change.For more news on climate and the environment, follow @NYTClimate on Twitter.Brad Plumer contributed reporting from Washington.
964	4	"It's the most powerful greenhouse gas known to humanity, and emissions have risen rapidly in recent years, the BBC has learned. Sulphur hexafluoride, or SF6, is widely used in the electrical industry to prevent short circuits and accidents. But leaks of the little-known gas in the UK and the rest of the EU in 2017 were the equivalent of putting an extra 1.3 million cars on the road. Levels are rising as an unintended consequence of the green energy boom.Cheap and non-flammable, SF6 is a colourless, odourless, synthetic gas. It makes a hugely effective insulating material for medium and high-voltage electrical installations. It is widely used across the industry, from large power stations to wind turbines to electrical sub-stations in towns and cities. It prevents electrical accidents and fires.However, the significant downside to using the gas is that it has the highest global warming potential of any known substance. It is 23,500 times more warming than carbon dioxide (CO2). Just one kilogram of SF6 warms the Earth to the same extent as 24 people flying London to New York return.  It also persists in the atmosphere for a long time, warming the Earth for at least 1,000 years.The way we make electricity around the world is changing rapidly.Where once large coal-fired power stations brought energy to millions, the drive to combat climate change means they are now being replaced by mixed sources of power including wind, solar and gas. This has resulted in many more connections to the electricity grid, and a rise in the number of electrical switches and circuit breakers that are needed to prevent serious accidents.Collectively, these safety devices are called switchgear. The vast majority use SF6 gas to quench arcs and stop short circuits.""As renewable projects are getting bigger and bigger, we have had to use it within wind turbines specifically,"" said Costa Pirgousis, an engineer with Scottish Power Renewables on its new East Anglia wind farm, which doesn't use SF6 in turbines.""As we are putting in more and more turbines, we need more and more switchgear and, as a result, more SF6 is being introduced into big turbines off shore.""It's been proven for years and we know how it works, and as a result it is very reliable and very low maintenance for us offshore.""Across the entire UK network of power lines and substations, there are around one million kilograms of SF6 installed. A study from the University of Cardiff found that across all transmission and distribution networks, the amount used was increasing by 30-40 tonnes per year.  This rise was also reflected across Europe with total emissions from the 28 member states in 2017 equivalent to 6.73 million tonnes of CO2. That's the same as the emissions from 1.3 million extra cars on the road for a year.Researchers at the University of Bristol who monitor concentrations of warming gases in the atmosphere say they have seen significant rises in the last 20 years. ""We make measurements of SF6 in the background atmosphere,"" said Dr Matt Rigby, reader in atmospheric chemistry at Bristol.""What we've seen is that the levels have increased substantially, and we've seen almost a doubling of the atmospheric concentration in the last two decades.""The most important means by which SF6 gets into the atmosphere is from leaks in the electricity industry.Electrical company Eaton, which manufactures switchgear without SF6, says its research indicates that for the full life-cycle of the product, leaks could be as high as 15% - much higher than many other estimates.Louis Shaffer, electrical business manager at Eaton, said: ""The newer gear has very low leak rates but the key question is do you have newer gear?""We looked at all equipment and looked at the average of all those leak rates, and we didn't see people taking into account the filling of the gas. Plus, we looked at how you recycle it and return it and also included the catastrophic leaks."" Concentrations in the atmosphere are very small right now, just a fraction of the amount of CO2 in the air. However, the global installed base of SF6 is expected to grow by 75% by 2030. Another concern is that SF6 is a synthetic gas and isn't absorbed or destroyed naturally. It will all have to be replaced and destroyed to limit the impact on the climate. Developed countries are expected to report every year to the UN on how much SF6 they use, but developing countries do not face any restrictions on use. Right now, scientists are detecting concentrations in the atmosphere that are 10 times the amount declared by countries in their reports. Scientists say this is not all coming from countries like India, China and South Korea. One study found that the methods used to calculate emissions in richer countries ""severely under-reported"" emissions over the past two decades. SF6 comes under a group of human-produced substances known as F-gases. The European Commission tried to prohibit a number of these environmentally harmful substances, including gases in refrigeration and air conditioning, back in 2014. But they faced strong opposition from industries across Europe. ""In the end, the electrical industry lobby was too strong and we had to give in to them,"" said Dutch Green MEP Bas Eickhout, who was responsible for the attempt to regulate F-gases. ""The electric sector was very strong in arguing that if you want an energy transition, and you have to shift more to electricity, you will need more electric devices. And then you also will need more SF6. ""They used the argument that otherwise the energy transition would be slowed down.""Everyone is trying to reduce their dependence on the gas, as it is universally recognised as harmful to the climate. In the UK, energy regulator Ofgem says it is working with utilities to try to limit leaks of the gas.""We are using a range of tools to make sure that companies limit their use of SF6, a potent greenhouse gas, where this is in the interest of energy consumers,"" an Ofgem spokesperson told BBC News. ""This includes funding innovation trials and rewarding companies to research and find alternatives, setting emissions targets, rewarding companies that beat those targets, and penalising those that miss them."" The question of alternatives to SF6 has been contentious over recent years. For high-voltage applications, experts say there are very few solutions that have been rigorously tested. ""There is no real alternative that is proven,"" said Prof Manu Haddad from the school of engineering at Cardiff University.""There are some that are being proposed now but to prove their operation over a long period of time is a risk that many companies don't want to take."" However, for medium voltage operations there are several tried-and-tested materials. Some in the industry say that the conservative nature of the electrical industry is the key reason that few want to change to a less harmful alternative. ""I will tell you, everyone in this industry knows you can do this; there is not a technical reason not to do it,"" said Louis Shaffer from Eaton.""It's not really economic; it's more a question that change takes effort and if you don't have to, you won't do it.""Sitting in the North Sea some 43km from the Suffolk coast, Scottish Power Renewables has installed one of world's biggest wind farms where the turbines will be free of SF6 gas.East Anglia One will see 102 of these towering generators erected, with the capacity to produce up to 714MW (megawatts) of power by 2020, enough to supply half a million homes. Previously, an installation like this would have used switchgear supplied with SF6, to prevent the electrical accidents that can lead to fires. Each turbine would normally have contained around 5kg of SF6, which, if it leaked into the atmosphere, would add the equivalent of around 117 tonnes of carbon dioxide. This is roughly the same as the annual emissions from 25 cars.""In this case we are using a combination of clean air and vacuum technology within the turbine. It allows us to still have a very efficient, reliable, high-voltage network but to also be environmentally friendly,"" said Costa Pirgousis from Scottish Power Renewables.""Once there are viable alternatives on the market, there is no reason not to use them. In this case, we've got a viable alternative and that's why we are using it.""But even for companies that are trying to limit the use of SF6, there are still limitations. At the heart of East Anglia One sits a giant offshore substation to which all 102 turbines will connect. It still uses significant quantities of the highly warming gas.The EU will review the use of SF6 next year and will examine whether alternatives are available. However, even the most optimistic experts don't think that any ban is likely to be put in place before 2025. "
245	3	"The 48th meeting of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) began on Monday to consider its special report, which looks at likely future scenarios for 1.5 degree Celsius (2.7 degrees Fahrenheit) warming above pre-industrial levels.Representatives of the IPCC's 195 member governments will work with scientists for the next five days to produce an executive summary for policymakers based on the special report commissioned in the wake of the Paris Climate Agreement of 2015Read more: Paris Agreement: What needs to happen for climate action to succeed?""Governments have asked the IPCC for an assessment of warming of 1.5 Celsius, its impacts and related emissions pathways, to help them address climate change,"" IPCC Chair Hoesung Lee said, adding that the report provides ""a strong, robust and clear"" way forward for policymakers globally.In an opening speech, the South Korean Chair, who is an expert on the economics of climate change, said the heat waves, wildfires and heavy rainfall experienced globally in recent months underline scientists' warnings about extreme weather caused by climate change.Read more: Nations backslide on climate protection promises'Wildly alarming'The final draft of the report contains over 6,000 cited peer-reviewed studies, while expert reviews of the second draft attracted almost 25,000 comments from experts and officials from 71 countries.With a 1.5 degree temperature rise already enough to sow climate chaos, drafts of the report have confirmed the need to cap a global temperature rise at ""well-below"" 2 degrees, as mandated by the landmark Paris deal.""I don't know how you can possibly read this and find it anything other than wildly alarming,"" Peter Frumhoff, director of science and policy at the Union of Concerned Scientists, a Washington-based research and advocacy group, told AFP about the draft.  Nonetheless, the IPCC warned in January that meeting the 1.5 degree goal was ""extremely unlikely."" Read more: Opinion: Goodbye to an unrealistic climate goalTrump wild cardOne report author warned that major fossil fuel producers such as Saudi Arabia have ""threatened to be obstructionist.""But the fact that this the first IPCC report to be considered by the Trump administration — which pulled the US from the Paris Agreement in 2017 — is also a ""a real wild card,"" Michael Oppenheimer, a professor of geosciences and international affairs at Princeton University and IPCC author, told AFP.""Never in the history of the IPCC has there been a report that is so politically charged,"" said Henri Waisman, a senior researcher at the Institute for Sustainable Development and International Relations, and one of the report's 86 authors.Read more: Climate change: Greenhouse gas emissions decline in cities from Berlin to New YorkIndeed, the Trump administration cut all funding to the IPCC in August 2017, despite the US long being a key supporter of the climate change body that won a share of the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize alongside veteran US climate campaigner Al Gore.The IPCC will release the summary for policymakers of its 1.5 degree Celsius report at a press conference on October 8. The report will be available for the next UN climate summit, which takes place in December in Katowice, Poland.sb (AFP, dpa)"
759	5	"California's forests are some of the most awe-inspiring places on earth -- as much for their grandeur as for the carbon dioxide that they absorb from the atmosphere and store away in their trunks and roots. But the past few years have seen the most horrific wildfire seasons on record in California. 2018's Camp Fire killed 86 people and burned so many buildings that the metal particles released into the air caused lead levels to spike to 15 times higher than normal in the Bay Area, according to a report from California Air Resources Board. Last year broke records when more than 4 million acres burned, and this year, according to data from Cal Fire, is so far on track to be even worse. This is all fueled by an ongoing drought emergency in 41 of the state's 58 counties, worse than any experienced in recorded history. Water has run out in rural towns in the Central Valley.In California, many are now considering what only a few years ago was unthinkable: In a time of accelerating fossil-fueled climate impacts, how much longer will we stay? And as ever more human beings are forced to navigate the dual emotions of grief about all we're losing and anxiety about how we keep ourselves and our communities safe, how do we also maintain a focus on stopping the planet-warming greenhouse gas emissions that are causing this catastrophe in the first place, and keep it from getting worse? First, if you are considering uprooting your life because of climate change, let that sink in. Let that reality, a scenario that was likely inconceivable to you just a few years ago, radicalize you to the all-encompassing scope, scale and urgency of this existential, all-encompassing crisis. Take this moment to align your life with this new reality. Become an activist. Get political. Educate yourself and others on the solutions that already exist to address this crisis. If you buy a house, electrify it -- meaning replacing technologies that depend on fossil fuels with ones that use renewable energy. Identify the leverage points you can tap in your life in every sphere of influence -- as an individual, an employee, a community member, a citizen -- to make an outsized impact wherever you can. Process the emotion of it all: that in the year 2021, the climate crisis changed your life personally, fundamentally and permanently. Let the emotion fuel the ferocity of your action. For my family, San Francisco, the place that we loved and built community -- the place where my daughter was born and my son learned to ride a bike -- brought health impacts from smoke that in the end were too much for our set of circumstances. The only useful way that I have managed to deal with that grief is to use it to remind myself and others of the reality of this crisis and all that's at stake.Second, like it or not, you'll represent what the future may hold for whatever town you may choose to move to -- an early warning for communities that have yet to experience the direct and devastating effects of the climate crisis.Use your climate story to sound the alarm to others about the urgency of our unfolding planetary emergency. Don't make this move in silence. Broadcast the reality of it to mobilize everyone you can. Do it loudly. Do it everywhere. Signal the urgency and gravity of the issue through your behavior. Show up at city council meetings. Encourage your city or county to declare a climate emergency. Get involved in local issues -- for me, that means joining the growing community of Water Protectors and allies to oppose the Line 3 pipeline. Focus on deepening community ties and building resilience, because both will be essential elements in an era of chaos and change.Third, ensure that your climate-related move doesn't exacerbate existing inequity. Climate migration risks deepening class divides, disrupting local culture and furthering a history of colonialism. When my family relocated to Duluth, Minnesota, the most valuable advice we received came from Karen Diver, the former tribal leader of the Fond du Lac Band of Lake Superior Chippewa -- the original caretakers of the place we now call home. ""Don't let your climate solution result in our spiritual and cultural genocide."" Learn about the history of the land you'll call home. Stand for the rights of indigenous people. Support public programs and community groups. Tread lightly.And remember that climate change is first and foremost a crisis faced by people far less privileged than us. Global warming has been an existential crisis for communities around the world for decades, from Bangladesh to Madagascar, from Syria to the Central Valley; often those who have done the least to contribute to global greenhouse gas emissions but for whom the impacts and implications are far more dire. The ability to worry about or work on climate change is a luxury that many can't afford. Ultimately, we'll all realize that there is no such thing as a climate-safe place, only places with different climate-related impacts, unfolding on different timescales, to differently-equipped people, interconnected in ways we can't begin to fathom.I write this from the city that welcomed my family when we left California, (a city that has been called a ""climate safe haven""), under a red sun setting in an orange sky, as smoke from forest fires in Canada cause unhealthy air quality even here. There is no ""away"" from climate change. Wherever the forest fires are raging, the heat domes are suffocating, the levees are breaking, the famines are starving, the infrastructure is melting, the living things are dying -- it's happening to us all.At this pivotal moment in human and planetary history, the question for us cannot only be, ""Where might I be safe?"" but also, ""Where might I be of most use?"" This is no time for the most privileged among us to insulate ourselves inside our climate havens. This is a time to open our arms wide, contributing and engaging in every way we can to the global effort to reimagine everything about the way we inhabit this planet. A time to find a way, despite the odds, to come back into balance with the earth's exquisitely interconnected -- and still living -- natural systems."
997	4	"Thousands of people gather in front of Paris town hall during a protest, Saturday, Sept. 8, 2018. Demonstrators in cities across France and Europe were marching on Saturday as part of a global day of protest ahead of a climate action summit this month in San Francisco, California. (AP Photo/Christophe Ena)A man holds a poster reading: State of emergency for climate, during a protest in Paris, Saturday, Sept. 8, 2018. Demonstrators in cities across France and Europe were marching on Saturday as part of a global day of protest ahead of a climate action summit this month in San Francisco, California. (AP Photo/Christophe Ena)PARIS – More than 18,000 people marched Saturday in Paris as part of an international mobilization to show popular support for urgent measures to combat climate change in advance of a San Francisco summit.Crowds overflowed a plaza in front of City Hall before marching east to the Place de la Republique, carrying an urgent message that it's up to the public to put global warming at the top of the political agenda.""Planet in Danger,"" read some banners.Activists around the world encouraged ""Rise for Climate"" protests before the summit taking place Sept.12-Sept. 14. California's governor proposed the event after President Donald Trump vowed to pull the U.S. out of a landmark 2015 climate accord.The international agreement was negotiated in France, and the French capital's march was more successful than ones held Saturday in other French cities or elsewhere in Europe.Police estimated that 18,500 took part in the Paris march, while organizers put the number at some 50,000.Several hundred people gathered in France's southern port city of Marseille. Several dozen called for an end to the use of fossil fuels outside London's Tate Modern art gallery. Only about two dozen showed up in Barcelona, Spain.The front-page of France's daily Liberation newspaper featured a call from 700 French scientists for the government to ""move from incantations to acts to move toward a carbon-free society.""The language was a reference to French President Emmanuel Macron's use of the phrase ""Make our planet great again,"" a takeoff on Trump's ""Make America Great Again"" campaign slogan.The signing scientists also called for ""strong and clear political choices"" and said ""solutions are available.""The march in Paris, organized with the theme ""Change the system, but don't change the climate,"" was both festive and serious.One protester, Manuel Bibes, denounced the plastic that inundates daily life. Another, Rodgrigo de la Vega criticized the practice of driving down the road to buy bread.""There is no Planet B,"" a sign read.___Elaine Ganley and Chris den Hond in Paris contributed to this report."
608	5	There is a 'rising chance' that the world will exceed the key 1.5°C (2.7°F) global warming limit set by the Paris Agreement in the next five years, scientists said.The warning comes from the UK Met Office, who conducted a five-year climate assessment on behalf of the World Meteorological Organisation.World leaders agreed in 2015 to keep warming this century under 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels in order to avoid the worst impacts of climate change.However, experts found that there is one-in-five chance that global mean warming will exceed this limit for at least one year before 2024. Scroll down for video There is a 'rising chance' that the world will exceed the key 1.5°C (2.7°F) global warming limit set by the Paris Agreement in the next five years, scientists said (stock image)'This study shows — with a high level of scientific skill – the enormous challenge ahead in meeting the Paris Agreement on Climate Change target,' said World Meteorological Organisation secretary general Petteri Taalas.The research revealed that the annual mean global temperature is likely to be at least 1°C (1.8°F) over pre-industrial levels this year and each of the four years after.The last five years have been the warmest such period on record, experts said. Almost all regions of the world will see warmer conditions than before, the models suggested, with around a 70 per cent change that at least one month in the next five years will be 1.5°C or warmer than pre-industrial levels.Furthermore, the Arctic is likely to have warmed by more than twice as much as the global mean, while sea-level pressure anomalies in the North Atlantic will see more storms strike western Europe. 'As human-induced climate change grows, it is becoming even more important for governments and decision makers to understand the current climate risks on an annually-updated basis,' said Met Office climate scientist Adam Scaife.The researchers' models take into account both natural climate fluctuations as well as human-driven impacts — and provide forecasts of the next half-decade's temperatures, rainfall and wind patterns.They did not consider the recent fall in carbon dioxide emissions that have come about as a result of COVID-19 related lockdowns.The World Meteorological Organisation has said that this temporary reduction in greenhouse gas release is unlikely to impact temperatures in the early 2020s.The warning comes from the UK Met Office, who conducted a five-year climate assessment on behalf of the World Meteorological Organisation. Pictured, climate predictions for the next five years expressed relative to the climate of 1981–2010 (left) and average levels (right)World leaders agreed in 2015 to keep warming this century under 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels in order to avoid the worst impacts of climate change. However, experts found that there is one-in-five chance that global mean warming will exceed this limit in at least one year before 2024. Pictured, global warming is causing ice in the Antarctic to melt (file photo)'The industrial and economic slowdown from COVID-19 is not a substitute for sustained and coordinated climate action,' said Mr Taalas.'Due to the very long lifetime of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, the impact of the drop in emissions this year is not expected to lead to a reduction of [the] atmospheric concentrations which are driving global temperature increases.''Whilst COVID-19 has caused a severe international health and economic crisis, failure to tackle climate change may threaten human well-being, ecosystems and economies for centuries,' Professor Taalas continued.'Governments should use the opportunity to embrace climate action as part of recovery programmes and ensure that we grow back better.'The heatwave was triggered by the build-up of high pressures over Europe over the past few days, leading to the northward movement of warm air from Europe over the UK.'At this time of year southerly winds will always lead to above average temperatures,' said University of Reading meteorologist Peter Inness. 'Air from continental Europe, the Mediterranean and even North Africa is brought over the UK.''The eastward passage of weather fronts and low pressures from the North Atlantic are currently being blocked by the high pressure over Europe,' added University of Reading climate scientist Len Shaffrey. The US's recent warm weather was caused by a high-pressure dome building up over much of the country, trapping the summer heat.This has wider-reaching effects.'Heatwave conditions in the U.S Midwest and the East coast have strengthened the jet stream,' explained environmental scientist Kate Sambrook of the University of Leeds.'The resulting thunderstorms occurring on the continent have helped the jet stream to meander and move to the north of the UK.'As a result of this shift, hot air has been drawn up from Europe causing the high temperatures we are experiencing this week.'The US's warm weather had been caused by a high-pressure dome building up over much of the country, trapping the summer heat'Although there is some uncertainty in the forecast, it looks like it will become cooler on Friday as the high pressure over Europe moves slowly towards the east,' said Dr Shaffrey.'This will allow weather fronts to move over the UK, bringing cooler air and possibly some rain,' Professor Shaffrey added.Meteorologists are predicting high temperatures reaching up to 100°F (38°C) over central and Eastern England on Thursday.Although different forecasts are anticipating slightly different details, 'the broad message of all the forecasts is the same,' said Dr Inness.'It will be hot, with high temperatures persisting through the night time periods, and there is the risk of some thunderstorms over the UK.'These will continue through Wednesday. 'If conditions continue, it is likely that we could experience the hottest July on record,' said Dr Sambrook.'However, the outcome is uncertain as conditions are expected to change early next week.' University of Oxford climate scientist Karsten Haustein added that 'there is a 40–50 per cent chance that this will be the warmest July on record.'The final estimate depends on which observational dataset is used, he noted.While agreeing that the next week's weather will determine this July's place in the record books, Dr Inness noted that 2019 did bring us the warmest June known since the year 1880.'In fact, 9 of the 10 warmest Junes in the global record have happened since 2000', he said. In Europe, he noted, this June was also the warmest on record, reaching almost a whole degree Celsius above the previous number one back in 2003.'Weather records are not normally broken by such large margins — a few tenths of a degree would be more likely.'The present conditions may turn out to be record-breaking, but they are also part of a recent trend towards warmer UK summers.'2018 was the joint hottest [year] on record with highest temperature measured at around 35°C, similar to temperatures expected this week,' said University of Leeds climatologist Declan Finney. The likelihood of experiencing such hot summers has risen from a less than 10 per cent chance in the 1980s to as high as a 25 per chance today, he added.'The fact that so many recent years have had very high summer temperatures both globally and across Europe is very much in line with what we expect from man-made global warming,' said Dr Inness.'Changes in the intensity and likelihood of extreme weather is how climate change manifests,' said environmental scientist Friederike Otto of the University of Oxford.'That doesn’t mean every extreme event is more intense because of it, but a lot are. For example, every heatwave occurring in Europe today is made more likely and more intense by human-induced climate change.'However, local factors also play a role, with each extreme weather event being influenced by the location, season, intensity and duration.The present heatwave is not the only notable indicator of climate change, experts note, with ongoing droughts — such as those being experienced in many parts of Germany — also being in line with scientific predictions.Research into the 2003 European heatwave suggested at the time that human activity had more than doubled the risk of such warm summers — and that annual heatwaves like we are experiencing now could become commonplace by around the middle of the century.'It has been estimated that about 35,000 people died as a result of the European heatwave in 2003, so this is not a trivial issue,' said Dr Inness.'With further climate change there could be a 50% chance of having hot summers in the future,' agreed Dr Finney.
822	4	The attorney general for the District of Columbia on Thursday filed a lawsuit against Exxon Mobil Corp, BP Plc, Chevron Corp, and Royal Dutch Shell Plc for “systematically and intentionally misleading” consumers about the role their products play in causing climate change, the latest action by a US attorney general against the oil and gas industry.The lawsuit brought by Attorney General Karl Racine comes a day after Minnesota AG Keith Ellison filed a lawsuit against the American Petroleum Institute, Exxon Mobil and Koch Industries for violating state laws barring consumer fraud, deceptive trade practices and false advertising.“The defendants violated the District’s consumer protection law by concealing the fact that using fossil fuels threatens the health of District residents and the environment,” Racine said in a statement.The intent of the legal action is to “end these disinformation campaigns and to hold these companies accountable for their deceptive practices”, he said.Casey Norton, a spokesman for Exxon, said the lawsuit is part of a “coordinated, politically motivated” campaign against energy companies.“The claims are baseless and without merit. We look forward to defending the company in court,” he said.The other companies were not immediately available for comment.Racine told reporters on Thursday that his office only learned of Minnesota’s lawsuit when it was filed on Wednesday and had been preparing this long before.Minnesota and DC’s lawsuits are the latest in a string of legal challenges by states, cities, and citizen groups targeting fossil fuel companies over their role in global warming.Counterparts in California, New York and Massachusetts also filed lawsuits against oil majors but the Minnesota and DC lawsuits focus on consumer protection.Racine said the named companies “sought to create a false picture” about the environmental harm that fossil fuels cause, even as they “pivot their marketing efforts” to portray their products as clean.
