417	health	Amazing grass amazing trio combines our organic wheat grass with organic barley grass and alfalfa giving you not one, but three of the best organic greens around. Farm fresh and USDA certified, our amazing trio blend naturally detoxifies the body and boost immune systems and the addition of alfalfa adds calcium and phosphorous, great for preventing bone loss.
495	taste	Enjoy the mouthwatering taste of crispy, real cheddar squares. Simply crafted with premium ingredients inspired by nature, our crackers are made with wheat flour, safflower oil, cheddar cheese, sea salt, and baked to perfection. Whether youre packing it in your lunch or enjoying a salty snack on a hike, experience uncomplicated food inspired by natures finest ingredients. Whats more, there are no high-fructose corn syrup or hydrogenated oils. With Back to Nature products, you can enjoy an on-the-go snack thats simply delicious and simply good.
378	convenience	Stay satisfied with DINTY MOORE Beef Stew. Made with fresh-cut potatoes, carrots, and tender chunks of beef, this protein-packed classic takes only 60 seconds to heat and serve. DINTY MOORE microwavable meals make a great easy dinner and are perfect for any quick meals, with little prep needed or clean-up required. For over 80 years the DINTY MOORE brand has been the trusted name in beef stew. It provides hard working Americans the fuel they need to provide for their families.
670	gourmet experience	All natural Asian cuisine.Microwaveable. Made with CJ rice. 100% Natural. No MSG. No preservatives. Great alone or add meat and vegetables. There's nothing like enjoying a bowl of fresh steamed rice from your favorite Asian restaurant. Now you can have that delicious taste in just two minutes without the hassle of using your rice cooker. Our new white sticky rice is highly prized by Korean and Japanese rice connoisseurs - it's possibly the best rice in the world and doesn't require lengthy cooking. Each bowl is individually steamed for superior taste, texture, and finish - without adding oil or salt. There are no compromises or shortcuts. You and your family deserve the best. Happy eating! I have always sought out the best possible ingredients for my customers. That's why I have partnered with CJ, one of the world's leading food companies with incredible expertise in rice. Together we bring you this delicious fresh steamed rice that's ready in two minutes. Keep in your pantry or office desk and enjoy restaurant quality rice anytime, anywhere. Quick Tips: This versatile rice is well paired with you favorite stir-fry, entree or even soup! Or use with your favorite sauce for a quick snack. To really make your kids smile, add a little butter and soy sauce. Yum! Product of Korea.
345	taste	The fresh, crisp flavor sparkles in your glass, your mouth and your mind. Its fresh citrus, black cherry and peach tastes will inspire and relax youit's a taste and a feeling all wrapped up into one.
289	health	Nature made calcium citrate is a form of calcium that does not require stomach acid or food for absorption, so it is considered to be more gentle on the stomach. Calcium citrate can also be taken with or without food.
380	gourmet experience	Treat Your Taste Buds With Knorr Rice Sides Rice Medley (5.6Oz). Our Rice & Pasta Blend Expertly Combines Rice, Pasta, Peas And Carrots For A Savory Dish. Our Deliciously Seasoned Rice Sides Are Great As Part Of A Delicious Main Dish Or As A Standalone Side Dish. Make Knorr Rice Sides The Foundation Of A Crowd-Pleasing Dinner. Your Family Is Sure To Love The Savory Flavor Of Knorr Rice Sides Rice Medley (5.6Oz). On Top Of Tasting Delicious, Our Rice Medley Is Quick And Easy To Prepare. Knorr Rice Sides Cook In Just Seven Minutes On The Stovetop Or Microwave. Knorr Rice Sides Have No Artificial Flavors Making It An Excellent Choice For Creating A Family-Favorite Meal. Use Knorr Sides To Create A Mouth-Watering Main Dish. Simply Prepare Knorr Rice Sides And Add Your Favorite Meat And Vegetables To Make A Dinner Your Family Is Sure To Love. You Can Find Great Recipes From Knorr Like Our Chef-Inspired Chicken And Rice Medley -- Simply Add Chicken, Onion, And Mushrooms. Discover More Quick And Delicious Dinner Ideas At Knorr.Com. There Are Hundreds Of Recipes To Help You Find Dinner Inspiration. Knorr Also Has Pasta Sides, Fiesta Sides, Italian Sides And More. Knorr Offers More Than 40 Varieties Of Rice And Pasta Sides So You Can Be Sure To Find Flavors Your Family Will Love. Knorr Believes That Good Food Matters And Everyday Meals Can Be Just As Magical As Special Occasions. Knorr Products Owe Their Taste And Flavors To The Culinary Skills And Passion Of Our Chefs. Knorr Sources High-Quality Ingredients To Create Delicious Side Dishes, Bouillons, Sauces, Gravies, Soups And Seasonings Enjoyed By Families Everywhere.
242	taste	Wherever your trails may go, you can always have a taste of the tropics with our glazed walnuts, roasted cashews, granola clusters, shaved coconut, banana chips, dried mango, and dried pineapple.
47	health	Take your relationship with butter to the next level with a 3-count box of ACT II Butter Lovers Popcorn. Every fluffy kernel of this microwave popcorn is packed with rich, buttery flavor. Plus, its made with 100% whole grain popcorn kernels and contains 0 grams of trans fat per serving. When you need a snack with a crunch, ACT II Butter Lovers Popcorn is ready in minutes. This microwave popcorn is the perfect pop-and-go snack for the carpool line, busy afternoons in the office, or a late night treat. Reach for ACT II Butter Lovers Popcorn when you need a great-tasting popcorn for the best value.
878	taste	With a satisfying blend of crunchy multigrain clusters with sliced almonds, whole flax seeds and oats, and a touch of sweet honey in every bite, our GOLEANHoney Almond Flax Crunch Cerealpairs well with dairy or nut milk, yogurt, and fresh fruit.Travel-ready, this cereal makes a tasty snack at work, afternoon pick-me-up at school or late-night treat and is perfect for stowing in lunchboxes, totes, and backpacks. Crispy and crunchy, KashiGOLEAN Honey Almond Flax Crunch Cerealis an excellent source of fiber (contains 5 grams total fat per serving), is cholesterol free (2.5 grams monounsaturated fat and 2 grams polyunsaturated fat), and isNon-GMO Project Verified.
713	convenience	Greet your morning with Kelloggs All-Bran, a delicious, low-fat breakfast cereal made with simple, wholesome ingredients. A healthy, family-favorite cereal perfect for both kids and adults, Kelloggs All-Bran Original is made to enjoy by the bowlful. Each serving provides a good source of 15 vitamins and minerals as well as 40-percent of your recommended daily value of dietary fiber. A travel-ready food, Kelloggs All-Bran is an ideal companion for lunchboxes, after-school snacks, and busy, on-the-go moments. Just add your favorite dairy or nut-milk or enjoy as a crispy treat straight from the box. Kelloggs All-Bran, the goodness of a simple grain.
260	health	Flackers nutrient rich flax seed crackers made from a few simple ingredients, including the highest quality gluten-free and low carb organic flax seeds that have started the germination process. Early germination increases the nutritional value, and makes them easy to chew, digest and absorb. Doctor In The Kitchen dehydrates Flackers at low temperatures to preserve their the nutritional value, and dehydration turns Flackers into a crispy, crunchy snack. Folks also pair Flackers with a favorite healthy dip or spread for a full meal. Doctor In The Kitchen makes food products designed for people who want to eat whole plants to feel good and achieve optimal health.
155	gourmet experience	What makes great northern popcorn popping oil so special? our popping oil has the butter lovers flavor without all the trans fat that other popping oils have, without sacrificing the great flavor movie goers have come to expect and love for years. Great northern popcorn popping oil is the oil that makes movie theater popcorn so special, and now you can have it right there in your home. Together with other great northern popcorn products such as buttery topping and yummy seasonings, you will have friends and neighbors asking to come over to your house for movie night. Great northern popcorn as set the standard for movie theater style popcorn, and the 16 ounce movie theater popping oil, with it's butter lover flavor has just raised the bar again.
771	taste	In partnership with Cherrytree Records, Fentimans is proud to present our newest twist on cherry cola! Mixed with a host of delicious botanicals including ginger spice, we add an infusion of natural cherry flavor for maximum taste. This cola is truly Your Pop Alternative!
863	taste	Kellogg&#8217;s Special K Cereal bar with pretzel pieces and naturally and artificially flavored chocolatey coating on the bottom is a lightly toasted, lightly sweetened rice cereal, high in flavor. Enjoy Special K every day as part of a healthy, reduced-calorie diet. It&#8217;s an excellent source of 11 vitamins and minerals. Kellogg&#8217;s Special K gives you the satisfaction you crave any time of day. In addition to cereal, Special K offers a variety of products and a wide range of delicious flavors.
730	versatility	Today the Duncan Hines product line offers over 80 different sweet baked-good mixes ranging from cakes and brownies to muffins and cookies, as well as frosting and ready-to-bake brownies. With a relentless commitment to quality, every product and recipe is developed in celebration of Duncan Hines inventive spirit and passion for baking. With so many products to choose from, you are sure to find plenty of new and old favorites that will keep your sweet tooth satisfied.
763	gourmet experience	Ozarka brand 100 percent natural spring water, established in 1905, has been a local favorite for generations. Sourced from carefully selected natural springs in Texas, ozarka spring water contains naturally occurring minerals for a crisp, refreshing taste. So when you're looking for a trusted source of hydration for any occasion, choose ozarka.
243	convenience	Bring classic goodness to snack time with REESE'S Peanut Butter Cup Miniatures. Indulge chocolate and peanut butter cravings anytime with this snack size box of peanut butter cups. Made with peanut butter enveloped in milk chocolate, each individually wrapped piece is sized for the perfect bite. REESE'S Peanut Butter Cup Miniatures are the ideal snack for the office, home, or on the go. REESE'S Peanut Butter Cup Miniatures are OU Kosher Certified and are a gluten-free candy. This product ships as one 40-ounce bag.
993	gourmet experience	Pepperidge Farm Bake Shop Cookies - Nantucket Mini Dark Chocolate Chunk Baked with an abundance of rich, dark chocolate chunks, these delicious originals satisfy your most decadent cookie cravings. Contains 9 cookie packs for an easy on-the-go treat. These cookie favorites are inspired by the family kitchen - where quick fingers could grab a warm cookie before Mom could turn around. They are slow baked for a truly melt-in-your-mouth experience. Take your time and savor all of your favorites About Pepperidge Farm For us, baking is more than a job. It's a real passion. Each day, our bakers take the time to make every cookie, pastry, cracker, and loaf of bread the best way they know how - by using simple, quality ingredients. Baking requires knowledge of the craft, a spirit of exploration and, inspired ideas. At Pepperidge Farm, we have been honing and perfecting our chosen craft for generations, and our bakers care deeply about what it means. It's the little things that make simple food taste special. We believe in doing things right, and we just happen to love it.
619	health	Better than fresh fruit. Ounce for ounce, bite for bite, better than fresh fruit ! Resealable bag. Better than apples. That's right, just one ounce of Sunsweet Prunes delivers more fiber than one ounce of apples. So move over fresh fruit, it's time the once humble prune takes its rightful place as nature's ultimate convenient and nutrient-packed snack. Fiber Per Ounce: prunes = 1.98g; apples = .71g. So when you need energy, antioxidants, potassium, fiber, or just irresistibly delicious snack you can take anywhere, reach for Sunsweet prunes. Grower certified. We reserve the highest quality prunes in the world for Sunsweet Gold Label Packages. Diabetic Exchange: 1 1/2 fruit dried fruits have fiber along with carbohydrate and can be a good choice in your diabetic meal plan.
200	convenience	At Caza Trail we make delicious single serve coffee and tea beverages that are compatible with your first generation Keurig k-cup brewer. Wherever fine coffee and tea is cultivated  thats where were on the hunt. Our pursuit of the perfect cup takes us from the hills of Asia to the mountains of south America and myriad places in between. Our coffee and tea tasters have the keen sensibilities needed for evaluating the finest varietal tastes and just the right aromas. They know where to hunt for it, they know when theyve found it, and they know how to keep the quality intact from harvest to cup. At Caza Trail, were dedicated to offering the most delicious varieties and flavors we can find, to ensure that for every mood and any time of day, your hunt for a rich, captivating cup will always be successful. With each cup, youll taste the care and quality that goes into Caza trail products and the unique essences we capture in every sip. Treasure their flavor and aroma and enjoy.
876	health	Navitas Naturals Goldenberries are handpicked at small family farms in the Andes Mountains of Colombia. Only the finest vine-ripened berries are selected for harvest and then low temperature dried to create a soft chewy texture that helps highlight the berrys natural tartness. Goldenberries contain carotene and bioflavonoids (vitamin P), and theyre an excellent source of vitamin A. For a fruit, they possess a high content of protein, and they are also a good source of dietary fiber. Navitas Naturals Goldenberries are a healthy snack, and their unique sweet and tart flavor gives a delicious boost to salads, yogurts, oatmeal, cookies and desserts. Goldenberries have been enjoyed for their health properties in South American cultures for thousands of years. They are sometimes referred to as Gooseberries or Incan berries.
107	health	Bring a healthy, wholesome crunch to your mornings with KashiOrganic Indigo Morning Cereal. With a satisfying blend of organic whole grain corn, a touch of cane sugar, and the crunchy sweetness of blackberries and blueberries, this crunchy, gluten-free breakfast cereal is as nutritious as it is delicious. A yummy addition to any balanced breakfast, our Organic Indigo Morning Cereal pairs well with dairy or nut milk, yogurt, and fresh fruit. Toasty, healthy, and delicious, Kashi Organic Indigo MorningCereal is low fat, vegan,and Non-GMO Project Verified.
343	taste	Canada Dry Raspberry Sparkling Seltzer Water is a crisp, bubbly sparkling water beverage that provides all of the hydration benefits of regular water with a bright, refreshing sparkle and fruity twist of all-natural raspberry flavor. With no sweeteners and zero calories, Canada Dry Sparkling Seltzer Water is water made interesting.
803	taste	Light. Crisp. Refreshing, and now aspartame free. Nothing refreshes like a Diet Pepsi
908	taste	This creamy, delicious milk chocolate with crunchy almonds and toffee is music to your mouth! The aptly named SYMPHONY Chocolate Bar makes a sweet holiday gift and a wonderful addition to baked treats.
573	taste	Juicy tomatoes are harvested at peak flavor, peeled, diced and seasoned lightly with a dash of sea salt.
813	health	Made for Toddlers, easy to self feed and pouch is easy to take on the go. Made with 100% natural fruit or Fruit and vegetables. 2 servings of fruit or fruit/vegetables per pouch. No artificial flavors or colors. Excellent source of antioxident Vitamins C & E. Refridgerate after opening and serve within 24 hours, do not microwave.
759	convenience	Take a quick trip to the Caribbean Islands with this zesty ready-to-heat rice. Savor the flavorful combo of spicy red beans, corn, the zip of Poblano chili peppers, and a dash of fragrant cilantro. Whip it up easily in a skillet or give it a quick 90-second turn in the microwave. This microwavable Caribbean style whole grain rice is a delicious way to add an organic touch to all your rice dishes and meals. All SEEDS OF CHANGE food products are certified-organic and naturally delicious because their ingredients are all natural containing no preservatives; artificial colors, or flavors.
581	gourmet experience	With Pop Secret's Homestyle Popcorn, we're going back to the roots. Made from our secret recipe- just a sprinkle of salt and that beautiful buttery taste you would expect from homestyle popcorn. Pop Secret is your secret to movie night. Microwaveable and easy to serve, every kernel is a delicious burst of taste in your mouth. Made in U.S.A.
49	gourmet experience	Kombucha Wonder Drink is a Sparkling Himalayan Tonic with inspired natural flavors infused with tea, creating an entirely new beverage category. This unique, refreshing, somewhat mysterious - even magical beverage has its own compelling mythology. For centuries, the wise ones descended each year from their aeries high in the Himalayas to harvest spring tea that grew in the valley below. The tea went back up, high in the mountains where it was blended according to an ancient formula, creating "kombucha" - a delicious, effervescent wonder drink that has for thousands of years conferred its wonderful benefits on all who drink it: good health, great longevity, inner serenity and incisive mental clarity.
718	health	Increase your daily intake of healthy fruits & vegetables the fast & easy Sun-Maid way! Just one 1-1/2 ounce box of Sun-Maid Raisins equals one complete fruit serving. And Sun-Maid Raisins: Go anywhere; Are always ready-to-eat; Don't spoil or bruise.
386	taste	Oreo Thins pack the scrumptious flavor of Golden Oreo wafers with a thin layer of classic Oreo creme filling into a delicate new cookie with a crispier texture, fewer crumbs, and less calories.
73	health	Staying committed to healthy eating and exercise isn't easy. That's why we developed our GOLEAN cereals, to be an easy part of your commitment to a healthier, leaner you. The wholesome crunch of graham is kissed with vanilla in our Kashi GOLEAN vanilla graham clusters. Crispy, lightly sweet fiber twigs, soy protein grahams and honey puffs are a tasty way to help fuel your active lifestyle.
125	health	Centrum Flavor Burst Kids Chews are a uniquely delicious, chewable multivitamin for kids ages 4 and older. Great-tasting outside and chewy inside, Centrum Flavor Burst Kids provide essential vitamins and antioxidants: B-vitamins to help support daily energy needs*. Antioxidants, Vitamins C and E, help support the immune system* and key nutrients such as zinc to help support healthy growth and development*. Flavor Burst Kids Chews can be taken with or without water. Available in two great tasting varieties: Grape & Blue Raspberry and Tropical Burst. <br>* These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.
945	health	With 20g of protein per 32g serving, Hemp Yeah! Organic Max Protein, Unsweetened, is the perfect plant-based protein, offering all essential amino acids (great for athletes, vegans, and vegetarians). It's mild tasting with a creamy texture that's delicious when added to your favorite smoothie recipe. Try blending with a banana, peanut butter and almond milk for a super treat!
600	gourmet experience	We Believe There's A Connection Between The Farmers Who Grow Our Coffees, Us And You. That's Why We Work Together With Coffee Growing Communities-Paying Prices That Help Farmers Support Their Families And Improve Their Farms, And Funding Education, Healthcare And Environmental Projects That Benefit Those Communities. It's All Part Of Our Commitment To Sustainable Growing Practices And An Equitable Relationship With Farmers That Allows Us To Deliver Superior Coffee To You. Find Out More Ad Www.Starbucks.Com/Csr.
362	gourmet experience	Treat your taste buds with Knorr Cajun Sides Red Beans & Rice (5.1oz). Our rice & pasta blend expertly combines the bold flavors of red beans, onion, garlic, cumin, and cayenne pepper with a zesty Cajun sauce. Our deliciously seasoned rice side dishes are great as part of a delicious main dish or as a standalone side dish. Make Knorr Cajun Sides the foundation of a crowd-pleasing dinner. Your family is sure to love the zesty Cajun sauce of Knorr Cajun Sides Red Beans & Rice (5.1oz). On top of tasting delicious, our rice dishes are quick and easy to prepare. Knorr Cajun Sides rice side dish cooks in just seven minutes on the stovetop or microwave. Knorr Rice Sides have no artificial flavors, making it an excellent choice for creating a family-favorite meal. Use Knorr's easy rice side dishes to create a mouth-watering main dish. Simply prepare Knorr Cajun Sides and add your favorite meat and vegetables to make a dinner your family is sure to love. You can find great recipes from Knorr like our chef-inspired Easy Jambalaya -- simply add Italian sausage, onion, celery, and bell pepper. Discover more quick and delicious dinner ideas at Knorr.com. There are hundreds of recipes to help you find dinner inspiration. Knorr also has Fiesta Sides, Pasta Sides, Italian Sides and more. Knorr offers more than 40 varieties of rice and pasta sides so you can be sure to find flavors your family will love. Knorr believes that good food matters and everyday meals can be just as magical as special occasions. Knorr products owe their taste and flavors to the culinary skills and passion of our chefs. Knorr sources high-quality ingredients to create delicious side dishes, bouillons, sauces, gravies, soups and seasonings enjoyed by families everywhere.
597	health	Grab a bag of DAVID Pumpkin Seeds for a satisfying snack. Packed with crunchy, salty, and delicious goodness, DAVID's pumpkin seeds have that dependable great taste you have always loved. Best served anywhere and anytime, these handy to-go snacks are easy to carry for those moments when hunger strikes. Each 2.25 oz Pack contains about 1 serving, with 300 calories, 16 grams of protein, and 12 grams of fiber, as well as 15% of your daily allowance of iron, 40% of phosphorus, and 40% of magnesium per serving. Since 1926, DAVID Seeds provides a quality difference that you can taste with select top-quality seeds, roasted and seasoned to perfection. This Pack contains one 2.25 oz bag of DAVID Pumpkin Seeds, great for snacking.
267	health	Each batch of nature made fish oil is purified to eliminate mercury. All batches are guaranteed to pass the stringent standards prescribed but the united states FDA.
922	taste	Smooth roasted coffee full of sweet caramel flavors, nut notes and delicate floral nuances
599	health	The Ideal Beverage For Healthy, Hassle-Free Refreshment Anytime.
405	convenience	Edward and sons. Convenience without compromise. This reclosable pocket-pack makes 2 individual eight-ounce servings of miso-cup.
570	health	Made from real California almonds, Almond Breeze is a deliciously creamy alternative to dairy and soymilk. We blended almondmilk and cocoa into a remarkably delicious drink with no added sugar. It's a guilt-free way for people who want to avoid sugar to cure their chocolate cravings.
957	health	Ancient cultures throughout Central America have long enjoyed chia seeds as a key part of their food and medicine. The seeds were even used as currency. Navitas Organics Chia Seeds are loaded with omega fats, protein, antioxidants and dietary fiber. They have a mild nutty flavor, and since they absorb liquid, they're ideal for hydration and feeling full. The Maya and Incans revered the tiny, but nutrient-dense, chia seed as a staple food along with corn and beans. In fact, 'chia' is the Maya word for 'strength.' You'll find lots of strength in Navitas Organics Chia Seeds, which contain an abundance of good-for-you nutrients that can be added to virtually any meal.
489	taste	10 count pack of 100% organic bold and extreme fair-trade Sumatran coffee with caramel toffee and peppery notes. Dark chocolate and candied fruit create an exquisite balance with a complex body and rum-raisin finish. Created responsibly and compatible with the Keurig k-cup brewer. Recyclable capsule technology - cool, peel, recycle.
233	health	Hot cereal. A deliciously smooth, high fiber cereal milled from high protein oats grown in the great northwest - some of the best oat-growing country in the whole united states. Bob's red mill oat bran cereal contains a high concentration of the natural fiber found in oats. USDA organic. Certified 100% organic by QAI. All natural. Diets rich in whole grain foods and other plant foods low in total fat, saturated fat and cholesterol, may reduce the risk of heart disease and some cancers.
487	taste	10 count pack of 100% organic sweet and creamy fair-trade coffee with vanilla and bourbon notes with a around body and mellow finish. Created responsibly and compatible with the Keurig k-cup brewer. Recyclable capsule technology - cool, peel, recycle.
197	gourmet experience	Are you looking for gourmet, 100% organic coffee available in a wide selection and at great value? Then San Francisco Bay Coffee Organic Rainforest Blend is for you! We've developed a line of unique custom blends, exotic regional coffees, and single estate coffees available in 12 ounce and 2 pound bags. All are environmentally and socially responsible gourmet coffee offered at the best possible prices. We stand for premium, sustainable, direct trade coffee at prices you'll love. We like to say our products are grown for good. OurCommunity Aid Programhas restored thousands of acres of rainforest by farming only with shade grown farms, and planted our own coffee on our own organic farms. Our One Cup single serve coffees are compatible with Keurig K-Cup brewers and other brands of single serve brewers. Our reputation reflects on us as a family. As such, your satisfaction is our top priority, and we stand firmly behind the quality of all of our products. If youre not happy with your purchase for any reason, we will make it right.
147	versatility	Break away from the usual holiday fare with a much snappier choice: KIT KAT Miniatures! Everyones favorite crisp wafers in milk chocolate are individually wrapped and decked in red and green just for the holidays. They make sweet stocking stuffers, gift basket garnishes, and additions to desserts like ice cream or even figgy pudding!
231	gourmet experience	Inspired by our secret recipe, our master chocolatiers have created a chocolate masterpiece: Lindor truffles. This delicious Lindt chocolate shell enrobes an irresistibly smooth filling. Once you break the shell the filling will start to melt, and so will you.
611	health	Original flavor Ritz Toasted Chips are a crispy, crunchy twist on the classic cracker you know and love, and are a wholesome snacking choice with 55% less fat than leading regular fried potato chips.
37	gourmet experience	Fiber one granola bars oats and caramel is a chewy bar that gives you 9 grams of fiber with each tasty serving. It has decadent taste and is a excellent source of fiber. It contains milk. Soy, peanut, sunflower, wheat and almond. Starting with two flour mills in the 1860s, general mills revolutionized the milling industry, producing flour with superior baking properties and fiber one is a brand of general mills.
678	convenience	Made from naturally sweet, ripe apples, Motts Unsweetened Applesauce has no added sugar. These convenient 3.9 ounce cups are a healthier snack alternative and great to pack in lunches. Theyre also an excellent source of vitamin C with a delicious taste that kids love. Treat your family to the great taste of Motts Unsweetened Applesauce.
769	taste	Quinoa (pronounced KEEN-wah) is a unique, versatile grain with a slight crunchy texture and a light nutty flavor that is used around the world. Our Near East Quinoa Blend products have a blend of quinoa and brown rice and are a great way to bring worldly excitement to your table.
955	versatility	curry powder is almost always made on-the-spot with a unique blend of spices the cook chooses. You can do the same, when inspired and time permits. Or you can also rely on one of these Curry Powders to create authentic Indian fare any time.
52	taste	Zingy spices tango with cheesy goodness. Our kale chips are made by tossing fresh, organic kale with one of our hand-crafted dressings, which we create from a perfect blend of organic seeds, vegetable powders, juices, herbs and spices. Our kale chips are never fried - instead, they are gently air-crisped under low heat.
710	health	Kellogg's Smart Start Original Antioxidants Cereal.<br>Good source of fiber.<br>Heart healthy:<br>While many factors affect heart disease, diets low in saturated fat and cholesterol may reduce the risk of heart disease.<br>Lightly sweetened, toasted multi-grain flakes and crunchy oat clusters.<br>Antioxidant vitamins C, E & beta-carotene.<br>8g protein.<br>Per 1 cup serving:<br>190 calories.<br>0g sat fat, 0% DV.<br>200mg sodium, 8% DV.<br>14g sugars.<br>See nutrition facts for "as prepared" information.
606	taste	The Original Worcestershire SauceLEA &amp; PERRINS presents Original Worcestershire Sauce, making it easy and mess-free for you to infuse savory flavors and aroma in your food. We have combined the best of flavorsome, aromatic ingredients so that you don't have to. LEA &amp; PERRINS uses only the finest ingredients sourced from around the world to produce a flavor unmatched.A Perfect Balance of Savory FlavorsLEA &amp; PERRINS Original Worcestershire Sauce helps you prepare food, aromatic with garlic, tangy with distilled white vinegar &amp; tamarind extract, spicy with chili pepper extract and sweet with sugar &amp; molasses. So flavorsome, it's bound to make your taste buds crave for more! Just toss your chicken, meat, fish and vegetables in Worcestershire Sauce or drizzle it while cooking too, it will add scrumptious flavor to your food.
309	health	Kaytee supreme is a clean, wholesome, high-quality mix that contains all of the natural protein, fiber, oils and nutrients of whole grains. Fortified to ensure a well balance blend, supreme utilizes natural seeds, grains and pellets to provide your bird or small animal with a simple yet healthy diet. Small animals have special nutritional needs. Kaytee supreme small animal foods offer quality, nutritious ingredients in a mix that small animals love. Best of all, the clean, wholesome ingredients offer proteins, fiber, and other nutrients to help small animals stay strong and healthy.
717	versatility	Our premium Chunk Light tuna is perfectly flaked to use in sandwiches and casseroles, and this conveniently sized can will keep your family satisfied and happy.
613	health	<b>GOODNESS IS OUR GUIDING PRINCIPLE.</b><br><br> We choose whats best for our customers, our farmers, our employees and our planet. Its a tall order, but we wouldnt have it any other way. Were not in the business of making shareholders happy. In fact, we dont have shareholders. Were in the business of cooking delicious, organic vegetarian meals for everyone. We were organic before it was a national certification. So when the U.S. Department of Agriculture decided to create standards for organic, they looked to us for guidance. Together with other industry leaders, we helped pioneer the organic food industry and, more importantly, we helped make organic food available to more people. All of our dishes are non-GMO and were a proud supporter of GMO labeling initiatives. Because we believe that people have a right to know what they put in their bodies. We were also the first to market with non-BPA-lined cans, and were happy to see many other food companies following our lead.
131	health	Enjoy a convenient and delicious way to support healthy bones, muscles and joints with Caltrate 600 plus D3 Soft Chews. If you find taking calcium tablets difficult, individually-wrapped soft chews make a great alternative that makes it easy to nourish your bones anytime, anywhere and with or without food. (1)<br><br>If you do not get enough calcium in your diet, your body begins to take calcium that is reserved in your bones for other daily functions. Calcium and vit. D supplements are an easy way for you to help get enough calcium daily to support your bone health and keep you moving. Plus, the advanced levels of Vitamin D3 in each Caltrate soft chew, helps maximize calcium absorption. (1)<br><br>Backed by over 25 years of nutritional science research, Caltrate is formulated with consideration given to recommendations from the National Academy of Sciences to support bone and overall health. So, its no surprise that Caltrate is the #1 selling calcium supplement brand in the United States and trusted by so many people like you. (1,2) <br><br>Also try, Caltrate 600+D3 Calcium and Vitamin D3 Soft Chews in a tasty vanilla crme flavor.<br><br>(1) These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. <br>(2) IRI retail sales data supports that Caltrate is the #1 selling calcium supplement brand in the US
701	taste	Thin, crispy crackers, baked golden brown. Made in England.
537	health	With Progresso Reduced Sodium Soup you can enjoy your favorite flavors with at least 25% less sodium than Progresso regular ready-to-serve soups.
95	gourmet experience	Let the honey sunshine in. Blending our heritage seven whole grains and wholesome corn into a hearty flour, each square is gently creased at the ends and baked up toasty and golden. Then we toss the crispy cereal with the perfect touch of naturally sweet wildflower honey, for a taste thatll make you smile.
809	gourmet experience	Graduates Puffs Organic are a delicious snack thats specially designed to dissolve quickly. Plus, the fun shape is just right for little fingers to pick up
82	versatility	Hidden Valley Pasta Salad, Original Ranch, helps you make a tasty side dish in minutes. Just mix the seasoning packet with milk and mayonnaise, and then toss with cooked pasta and you're done. Add chopped meat and fresh vegetables for a quick, savory meal. Serve this pasta salad on the side of salmon steaks, pork chops or chicken. It is also perfect alongside a lunch time sandwich or packed for friends and family to enjoy at a barbecue or picnic. Make everything taste better with Hidden Valley.
889	taste	Decadent chocolate balanced with a specially developed blend of gluten free flours.
659	health	Westbrae Natural Organic Black Beans, Low Sodium, 15 Ounce provide a foundation for nutritious, tasty meals centered around vegetables, whole grains and beans, and are an integral part of the Vegetarian Diet Pyramid. Since 1970, the Westbrae Natural brand has stayed true to its original vision  to offer delicious and wholesome foods while supporting the growth of the natural foods industry and organic farming. Our products are perfect for those who choose to live a vegetarian lifestyle or eat a well-balanced diet. Use our beans and vegetables in your favorite recipes to create wonderful entrees and side dishes  just add some spice for an ethnic flair. All varieties of our beans are USDA Organic, Non-GMO Project verified and packed in recyclable cans with a Non-BPA Can Lining. Likewise, our ready-to-serve vegetables are USDA Organic, made from Non-GMO ingredients and packaged in recyclable cans. They are processed RIGHT FROM THE FIELD, meaning within 24 hours of harvesting in order to maintain quality and flavor. Additionally, we offer organic ketchups and mustards  use our condiments for your next barbeque or to enhance any meal. Our USDA organic Unsweetened Ketchup and No Salt Added Stoneground Mustard are unique items in the market. They are packed in recyclable plastic squeeze bottles (4 mustards and 1 ketchup) or in a glass bottle (ketchup). Our beans, vegetables and other organic ingredients are grown through approved methods that integrate cultural, biological, and mechanical practices that foster cycling of resources, promote ecological balance, and conserve biodiversity. Synthetic fertilizers and genetic engineering are not used. Enjoy our products  Westbrae Natural offers you convenient, nourishing foods while caring for the environment.
910	taste	Squeeze in some good times with a fun twist of Ruby Red Squirt. The fresh citrus taste of Squirt is mixed with bright and sweet ruby red grapefruit flavor, and is just right for enjoying as a casual refresher or the perfect complement to your favorite spirit as a cocktail mixer. Enjoy the light, vibrant balance of sweet and tart with Ruby Red Squirt.
144	versatility	Celebrate with HERSHEY'S this holiday season! With this holiday chocolate assortment, youre guaranteed to please everyone on your gift list. Enjoy choosing from REESE'S Peanut Butter Cups Miniatures, KISSES Milk Chocolate, and HERSHEY'S Miniatures Assortment.
1000	convenience	Frito-Lay smart mix multipack provides the perfect portion size and variety to keep your entire family happy. From the pantry to the lunch box, all you have to do is grab a pack and go.
835	taste	Snyder's of Hanover sourdough pretzels baked to perfection then broken and coated with Jalapeno Seasoning
549	health	Committed to producing the finest quality rice and rice products for your family. Since 1937, the Lundberg family has been growing healthy, great tasting rice while respecting and sustaining the earth. Today, the third and fourth generations carry on the family heritage by using eco-positive farming methods that produce wholesome, healthful rice, rice cakes, rice chips, and risottos while improving and protecting the environment for generations to come.
4	taste	Fruity Flavored Cereal with Marshmallows and other natural flavors
575	health	At Pacific Foods, we're dedicated to making products that are environmentally responsible, nutritionally sound and of the highest quality. This commitment has created a difference you can see, taste and experience. We're passionate about great taste. Our delicious all natural recipes capture all the health, vitality and nutrition nature has to offer.
999	taste	If your tongue is torn between choosing spicy or sweet, give it a delicious tango of doritos spicy sweet chili flavored tortilla chips. Each bite is a mouth-watering, tooth-rattling crunch of delicious sweet and spicy flavor. Combine the doritos crunch with a combination of spicy and sweet, and you've got an unstoppably delicious snack. Grab a bag and stock up on the bold taste of doritos spicy sweet chili tortilla chips.
143	gourmet experience	Founded over 120 years ago by the first American to develop a formula for manufacturing milk chocolate, the Hershey's brand creates delicious candies that are known and enjoyed by millions around the world. KISSES Milk Chocolates Filled with Cherry Cordial Crme combine delicious HERSHEY'S Milk Chocolate with the rich taste of cherry cordial for a tasty treat that's tough for guests to resist. They are the perfect addition to any candy dish and add a subtle cherry taste to holiday desserts and baked goods. Wrapped in festive dark red foils, these candies are ideal for layering in centerpieces and creating edible decor. OU Kosher Certified, HERSHEY'S Chocolate and candies have been an American favorite since 1894. This product ships as one 10-ounce bag.
271	health	Nature made triple flex 50+ is full of joint-healthy essentials that promote overall long-term joint health as we age. Triple flex 50+ is formulated for adults 50+ and contains glucosamine and chondroiton, the same natural lubricating and flexibility-enhancing ingredients found in our original triple flex triple strength formula, plus calcium and vitamin d to support muscle and bone strength.
881	health	It's not always easy to eat well, especially when we're told the good stuff won't taste as awesome as the bad stuff. That's why we made STRONG & KIND, a snack that's healthier than it tastes. Bold, savory flavor made from all-natural ingredients you can see & pronounce(R). Plus, because not all protein is created equal, we use whole almonds, seeds and pea protein to give you 10g to give you 10g of natural protein and all 9 essential amino acids. It's strong to be kind(TM)
727	health	Zevia carbonated stevia supplement is the natural alternative to diet soda for one very important reason: the ingredients. Zevia contains none of the chemically processed artificial sugar substitutes, artificial flavors or artificial colors found in diet sodas. Zevia is all-natural, has five calories or less, and only 20 mg of sodium (Natural Orange & Natural Twist). All three delicious Zevia varieties - Zevia Natural Cola, Zevia Natural Orange, and Zevia Natural Twist - are healthier and taste better than diet soda.
647	health	Naturally fermented red wine is patiently fermented again into fine vinegar. A traditional healthy food containing mother of vinegar, a quality indicator appearing as cloudiness. Raw and unpasteurized. Rich color, fruity bouquet and smooth flavor. Five percent acidity. No additives or sulfating agents.
486	taste	Enjoy the flavors of the tropics, with our medium roast blend infused with rich coconut and an island twist mon.
744	taste	Chips Ahoy! Chewy Chocolate Chip Cookies are soft and chewy like they just came out of the oven. These crowd-pleasing cookies come crammed with real chocolate chips to satisfy any sweet tooth.
617	health	Pacific Foods Organic Almond Original Beverage takes organic almonds and adds a gentle roast to allow their authentic taste to shine through. The result is our signature taste thats a pleasure to drink by the glass and blends perfectly in recipes. Good source of Vitamin D. Lactose, cholesterol, soy and gluten free. Vegan, and certified USDA-organic. At Pacific Foods, we believe in making foods we're proud of using simple recipes and clean ingredients sourced as close to home as possible. We steer clear of preservatives, additives and GMOs and always will. Our mission is to nourish every body, one meal at a time.
951	convenience	Now, you and your kids can enjoy a wide variety of juice combinations with Apple & Eve's 100% Juice Variety Pack. Whether you're at home or on the go, Apple & Eve juice boxes are the healthy choice for taste and convenience. These three delicious flavors -- apple juice, very berry, and fruit punch -- are rich in vitamin C, calcium fortified, and without added sugars. Perfect for homes, lunchboxes, restarants, and cafes; Apple & Eve 100% Juice Variety Pack is a healthy and tasty juice for any environment. Starting in 1975 with the hope of providing families across America with healthier better-for-you juices, Apple & Eve continues to be proud and humbled to be invited into the homes of millions of families and serve our pure and delicious juices.
13	versatility	Delicious, crowd pleasing and convenient; it cant get much better than Frito-Lay chips and dips. From entertaining friends to relaxing at home and everything in between, tostitos dip-etizers cheesy spinach and artichoke dip is the perfect heat and eat dip to keep the party going. Just pop a tray in the microwave and you'll have warm queso ready for the whole family in a flash.
706	versatility	Diamond Nuts are made for homemade. Since 1912, when we were founded by a group of walnut growers, Diamond of California has offered fresh, high quality and great tasting nuts for every occasion. From whole or chopped to sliced or slivered, we offer a wide range of chop types and varieties of nutsboth in and out of their shells - all to help you prepare delicious, balanced, and heart-healthy meals as quickly and as easily as possible. This includes shelled and in-shell walnuts, pecans, almonds, black walnuts, macadamias, pine nuts, Brazil nuts, and hazelnuts.
684	taste	Franks Red Hot Original Cayenne Pepper Sauce is made with a premium blend of aged cayenne peppers to add a kick of heat and whole lot of flavor to your favorite foods. Bring the heat to wings, chicken sandwiches, buffalo chicken dip, eggs -- put that $#!t on everything! Our sauce is essential at tailgates, parties, cookouts, you name it. Kosher and gluten-free, Franks Hot Sauce is a recipe that has been tantalizing taste buds since 1964, and its not stopping anytime soon. Hot sauce is an inherently calorie free, fat free food; see Nutrition Facts for sodium information.
890	gourmet experience	Caffeine free. Sleepytime Herb Tea, a comforting blend of chamomile and spearmint, creates a lullaby of tender flavor to soothe your senses. This 100% natural, gentle cup of hot tea lets you curl up under a quilt of flavor and quiet the tensions of your world. The part of your day shared with Sleepytime is like coming home to find a friend waiting for you by the fire. There's no calm like the sigh from the spirit when you take this moment for rest and reflection--there's no time like Sleepytime. 100% Natural. This product contains all-natural herbs and flavors, and no artificial colors or preservatives. Packaging may vary.
568	taste	We blended natural vanilla flavor and real California almonds into a deliciously creamy dairy milk and soymilk alternative. Almond Breeze Vanilla contains just 80 calories per cup and no saturated fat.
121	health	Jarrow formulas 7-keto DHEA is a naturally occurring metabolite of DHEA. It is unable to metabolize into sex hormones; therefore, it can provide many of the same benefits of DHEA without its associated side effects. In the body, 7-keto DHEA is responsible for activating enzymes responsible for fatty acid and carbohydrate metabolism.* The bodys production of 7-keto DHEA declines with age, which is directly correlated with a decline in metabolic rate. Clinical studies of 7-keto DHEA demonstrated increases in metabolic rate and improvement in body mass index.*.
602	taste	It's the bean that started it all! Back in 1969, Condon Bush decided to share his mother's secret recipe for baked beans with all of America. Tender navy beans are slow-cooked with specially cured bacon, fine brown sugar and our signature blend of spices. It's easy to see why it's enjoyed by millions every year!
874	health	Magically delicious Lucky Charms cereal features frosted oats and colored marshmallows. Made with whole grain, Lucky Charms is fortified with 12 vitamins and minerals, and is a good source of calcium.
907	taste	Treat your friends and family to the mildly sweet taste of HERSHEY'S SPECIAL DARK Mildly Sweet Chocolate Bars. This candy is an easy yet thoughtful gift.
984	taste	Velvet body, caramel-like aroma, earthy flavor and a bittersweet finish.
947	gourmet experience	Navitas Naturals Dragonfruit Slices provide the wonderful sweet flavor of this tropical superfruit in a convenient, chewy, sun-dried fruit form. Made from the sweeter red variety of Dragonfruit grown on small family farms in Thailand, this exotic-looking superfruit also has unusual nutrition benefits including omega 3s, protein, iron, fiber, vitamins, and minerals that support hydration. Dragonfruit, also known as Pitaya, is native to Central and South America and is also grown throughout Asia. The low-calorie, sun-dried slices have a wonderful sweet flavor and chewy consistency that can be enjoyed as a delicious snack or add them to salads, trail mix, energy bars and more.
544	taste	Butter popcorn purists will love our delicious butter popcorn. One of Pop Secret's secrets to the best flavor and texture is applying just the right amount of butter. Pop Secret's Microwave Butter Popcorn is the solution to family nights and snacking urges! Each kernel has the balanced amount of butter and salt.
391	health	Vitamin water zero is a great-tasting, nutrient enhanced water beverage sweetened with stevia leaf extract. It contains electrolytes and zero calories.
393	convenience	CHEETOS is releasing a 26ct Trick or Treat Pack treat-size multipack for Halloween! Each treat-size bag features a spooky Halloween design featuring CHESTER CHEETAH and is the perfect size for your trick-or-treaters!
884	taste	Bold and savory flavors packed with 10g of plant-based protein. You'll love them equally at the office or during your next outdoor adventure.
311	health	Probiotics are beneficial microorganisms that help control the critical balance in the digestive system. They prevent the growth of undesirable microorganisms. Balance within the digestive system is essential to maintain a healthy intestine, protect against disease, improve digestion and enhance overall health. Besides the digestive tract, microflora resides in other areas where mucous membranes are exposed to the environment such as the skin, respiratory tract and genital-urinary tract.
381	gourmet experience	Treat your taste buds with Knorr Asian Sides Teriyaki Noodles (4.6oz). Our Asian noodle side dish expertly combines mixed vegetables with the sweet flavor of teriyaki sauce. Our deliciously seasoned Asian noodle dish recipes are great as part of a delicious main dish or as a standalone side dish. Make Knorr Pasta Sides the foundation of a crowd-pleasing dinner. Your family is sure to love the teriyaki flavor of Knorr Asian Sides Teriyaki Noodles (4.6oz). On top of tasting delicious, our Asian noodle dish is quick and easy to prepare. The Asian noodles cook in just seven minutes on the stovetop or microwave. Knorr Rice Sides have no artificial flavors making it an excellent choice for creating a family-favorite meal. Use Knorr Sides to create a mouth-watering main dish. Simply prepare Knorr Asian Sides and add your favorite meat and vegetables to make a dinner your family is sure to love. You can find great recipes from Knorr like our chef-inspired Asian Shrimp & Peanut Stir-Fry -- simply add shrimp, eggs, peanuts, and carrots. Discover more quick and delicious dinner ideas at Knorr.com. There are hundreds of recipes to help you find dinner inspiration. Knorr also has Rice Sides, Pasta Sides, Fiesta Sides and more. Knorr offers more than 40 varieties of rice and pasta sides so you can be sure to find flavors your family will love. Knorr believes that good food matters and everyday meals can be just as magical as special occasions. Knorr products owe their taste and flavors to the culinary skills and passion of our chefs. Knorr sources high-quality ingredients to create delicious side dishes, bouillons, sauces, gravies, soups and seasonings enjoyed by families everywhere.
571	health	RICE DREAM Enriched Original Organic Rice Drink, 32 Fluid Ounce. Non-dairy drinkers, reach confidently for delicious, Organic Rice Dream Enriched Original Rice Drink. It's full of refreshment and nutrition while being dairy free, soy free, and low in fat. It pours on the flavor without cholesterol, but with plenty of Calcium and Vitamin D. So you can Dream all you want - about cereal, smoothies, recipes, or just a cold satisfying glassful. Finally, news that's easy, very easy to digest. This shelf-stable packaging protects flavor, nutritional value and maintains freshness and quality without preservatives or refrigeration. And it stores conveniently in your pantry, unopened up to one year.
360	taste	Treat your taste buds with Knorr Rice Sides Beef Rice (5.5oz). Our rice & pasta blend expertly combines a robust beef-flavored sauce with a medley of onions, carrots, garlic, rosemary, thyme and paprika. Our deliciously seasoned Rice Sides are great as part of a delicious main dish or as a standalone side dish. Make Knorr Rice Sides the foundation of a crowd-pleasing dinner. Your family is sure to love the beefy flavor of Knorr Rice Sides Beef Rice (5.5oz). On top of tasting delicious, our Beef Rice is quick and easy to prepare. Knorr Rice Sides cook in just seven minutes on the stovetop or microwave. Knorr Rice Sides have no artificial flavors making it an excellent choice for creating a family-favorite meal. Use Knorr Sides to create a mouth-watering main dish. Simply prepare Knorr Rice Sides and add your favorite meat and vegetables to make a dinner your family is sure to love. You can find great recipes from Knorr like our chef-inspired Quick Black Bean Rice -- simply add black beans, onion and garlic. Discover more quick and delicious dinner ideas at Knorr.com. There are hundreds of recipes to help you find dinner inspiration. Knorr also has Pasta Sides, Fiesta Sides, Italian Sides and more. Knorr offers more than 40 varieties of rice and pasta sides so you can be sure to find flavors your family will love. Knorr believes that good food matters and everyday meals can be just as magical as special occasions. Knorr products owe their taste and flavors to the culinary skills and passion of our chefs. Knorr sources high-quality ingredients to create delicious side dishes, bouillons, sauces, gravies, soups and seasonings enjoyed by families everywhere.
58	health	Frito-Lays line of Oven Baked snacks are baked, not fried, to give you the great taste youve come to love with Frito-Lay snacks. On top of that, Oven Baked TOSTITOS SCOOPS! Tortilla Chips offer less fat than regular tortilla chips. 50% less fat than regular tortilla chips. Fat content of regular tortilla chips is 7g per 1 oz. serving; fat content of these snacks is 3g per 1 oz. serving.
799	gourmet experience	Diet Mtn Dew gives you the charge to take on your day with the intense refreshment and a kick. #DOTHE DEW #MountainDew
219	gourmet experience	A delicate white chocolate shell enrobes an irresistibly smooth white chocolate center.
708	taste	Grape Cranberry Juice Drink from concentrate. 130% Vitamin C, daily value per serving. Contains 25% Fruit Juice. No artificial preservatives, flavorings or colorings. Pasteurized. Cranberry Juice Drink, a very low sodium food. The crisp clean taste of Cran-Grape is easier to enjoy! Nothing complements the tangy goodness of Ocean Spray cranberries like the ripe, delicious flavor of grapes. Enjoy them together in one refreshing juice cocktail. Easy Grip - Fits in your refrigerator door! Ocean Spray's Ripple Grip bottle is easier to hold, handle and pour. Also, now it can be easily stored in your refrigerator door. All great Ocean Spray tastes are fortified with as much Vitamin C as orange juice.
640	taste	Tomatillos and just the right blend of spices make this green sauce a dinner table favorite.
169	convenience	The goodness of organic pasta and delicious horizon organic cheese is now even easier to enjoy. These macs can be made right in the microwave, so pop them in for a quick snack or meal and skip doing dishes.
241	gourmet experience	Stash premium green tea is grown in our parent company Yamamotoyama's Brazilian tea gardens. Our premium green tea is expertly processed. Beautifully handled leaves are steam processed in the traditional Japanese style to preserve the flavor, fragrance, and color of the fresh leaf. The finished tea leaves are a vibrant green that brew into a bright golden-green liquor brazil has very rich and fertile soil, and offers the perfect tea growing climate with fog and heavy dews.
208	gourmet experience	Founded over 120 years ago by the first American to develop a formula for manufacturing milk chocolate, the Hershey's brand creates delicious candies that are known and enjoyed by millions around the world. The Hershey's Holiday Stocking Stuffer Shapes Chocolate Assortment is perfect for filling stockings, candy bowls, and gift bags. This mix contains individually wrapped Santa-shaped HERSHEY'S Milk Chocolate Bars, tree-shaped REESE'S Peanut Butter Cups, and snowflake shaped YORK Peppermint Patties. At just the right size, these tiny treats are great for including in lunches or for taking along as a sweet on-the-go reward. OU Kosher Certified, HERSHEY'S Chocolate and candies have been an American favorite since 1894. This product ships as one 23.1-ounce bag.
916	gourmet experience	These ground coffee beans are a delicious example of our Swedish traditions and obligation to craftsmanship.
751	gourmet experience	Giusto's signature blend of the finest Organic Winter and Spring Wheat blended to perfection for a best-in-class, all-purpose baking flour.
977	gourmet experience	Maple Sleigh is like a quieted-down Brooklyn on a Sunday winter morning. Think about that steaming mug of hot coffee along side a steaming stack of flapjacks and youve got this flavor down pat! Smooth, creamy, slightly sweet now, thats what Im talkin about!
811	health	Graduates Lil' Crunchies Organic snacks are a great way to make every bite count because they are a good source of vitamins and minerals, have whole grains and are designed just right for babies and toddlers.
437	versatility	No kitchen should be without McCormick Crushed Red Pepper. With just a dash, this pantry staple delivers premium quality heat and flavor to your favorite dishes. From pizza, eggs and pasta sauces to salads, casseroles and stews, McCormick Crushed Red Pepper is your go-to source to pepper up your next meal or snack. And all it takes is a dash or 1/8 teaspoon for 4 servings of food -- depending on desired level of heat.
956	health	Hemp hearts are the very best and most nutritious part of the hemp seed. By shelling the hemp seed, you get only the center, with its raw nutrition, rich nutty flavor and tender crunch. So easy to use, eat them straight out of the package or sprinkle on anything  salad, cereal or yogurt  the only limit is your imagination. Unlike some other seeds, there is no need to grind Hemp Hearts to get at the incredible nutrition. They are full of protein with 10 grams of complete (all the amino acids), plant-based protein per 30 gram (3 tablespoons) serving size. Hemp Hearts are also a great way to add omegas or EFAs (essential fatty acids) to your diet. According to the World Health Organization, the ideal ratio of Omega-6 to Omega-3 EFAs is 4:1 and the naturally occurring ratio in Hemp Hearts is 3.75:1. Hemp Hearts contain more protein and omegas and less carbs than a similar serving of Chia or Flax. Manitoba Harvest is the worlds largest hemp food manufacturer to grow, make and sell our own line of hemp foods. Our producer partners deliver whole seed directly to our state-of-the-art, BRC (the highest level of food safety and quality certification in the world) certified facility. Here we remove the hard outer shell of the hemp seed, leaving just the soft, tasty Hemp Heart, which are tested for quality then sealed in a modified atmosphere, light impermeable package to lock in the freshness. All of our packaging includes the packaged on and best before dates to ensure youre getting the highest quality product available. Hemp Hearts, as with all Manitoba Harvest products, is Non-GMO Project Verified.
34	health	Whether you're exploring the outdoors or just need a quick burst of energy in your day, enjoying the classic crunch of nature valley crunchy granola bars is a perfect way to fuel up naturally. Cinnamon granola bars, 1.5 Ounce combine whole grain rolled oats, crisp rice, and cinnamon to produce an all-natural, sweet, and nutritious snack. The bars are full of classic crunch and whole grain goodness, making them a completely natural energy boost that contains no cholesterol or Trans fat. Packed in two-bar pouches, nature valley crunchy granola bars offer crunchy, satisfying taste you can take anywhere.
635	health	Excellent source of fiber. Good source of whole grain. 0 grams of sugar. 60 Calories per serving. 57% Daily value of fiber. 14 grams of fiber. 2 Stay-fresh packs. A proud sponsor of American Diabetes Association. Have you heard the news?
722	health	Natural. California. Great for baking and other recipes. High-energy snack. No fat. Eat 5 to 9 a day for better health. Nutrition experts recommend we eat five to nine servings of fruits and vegetables a day for better health.
421	versatility	If you love Ferrero Rocher, you will love Ferrero Collection. Experience a variety of three delicious confections. Original, iconic Ferrero Rocher. Lusciously layered Raffaello. And delicious dark chocolate Rondnoir. Perfect for sharing, because there is something for everyone in this elegant assorted box. Savor the unique delights of variety with Ferrero Collection!
525	taste	Artificially flavored. Real butter added! Easy to use.
285	health	Trust your heart health with Nature Made Fish Oil Pearls. Fish Oil Pearls is the smallest of our fish oil supplements, nearly 70% smaller than our regular Fish Oil softgels. The omega-3s in fish oil help support a healthy heart.
661	health	100% Organic. Healthy snacks. No additives. No preservatives. Chewy and healthy. Always good tasting. Always organic. Why organic? To ensure nutrition and good health for you and your family. Bare Fruit products are certified organic. This means they are produced according to strict USDA guidelines. We never use synthetic fertilizers, pesticides, herbicides or antibiotics. Manufactured in a nut free facility. Source of fiber. Gluten free. USDA organic. Certified organic by Washington State Department of Agriculture.
385	taste	Oreo Thins: the great taste of Oreo, in a thinner and crispier treat.These Thins sandwich a light helping of classic creme between two crisp chocolate wafers for a sophisticated taste of childhood.Oreo Thins are a delicious snacktime alternative Supremely dunkable.Their taste and texture is a tantalizing surprise that delights guests at gatherings, parties, game days, and movie nights.
394	taste	More Than Just Original: This peppery delight will surprise you. Perky Jerky is an all natural, premium jerky that is unlike any other. Tender cuts of meat marinate overnight in a blend of all natural ingredients to create a deliciously bold taste and tender texture. Unlike most jerky products ours has none of the bad stuff: No Nitrates. No Preservatives. No Added MSG. And it's Gluten Free. Satisfying and portable, its the perfect fuel for your next adventure.
7	taste	Tostitos brand crispy rounds tortilla Chips.<br>0 Grams trans fat.<br>Stone-ground White corn.<br>No MSG - no preservatives.<br>Made With all natural ingredients.<br>No Artificial flavors.
912	health	At Dole, we believe vegetables are already perfect. That's why our new line of Garden Soup is made with pure and simple ingredients with no preservatives, so every bowl has the fresh taste of vegetables straight from the garden
812	health	100% Apple Juice. USDA Certified Organic. 1 bottle is equal to 1 serving of fruit. Limit to 1 fruit serving per day from juice.
56	health	Talk 0' Texas Crisp Okra Pickles are a low calorie (average of 5 calories per 2 pod serving), low carbohydrate food. First, we buy only the finest quality okra, which passes through a 4 step grading process before being placed by hand into the jar. Next, the highest quality spice oils, dry spices, vinegar, salt, and other ingredients are added to ensure the finest product possible. All of the ingredients used are certified kosher, although the finished product is not certified. Last, our rigorously controlled pasteurization process and quality control deliver consistently delicious pickles for our valued customers. These tasty treats are a great addition to almost any occasion or recipe when you would use a cucumber pickle. And just try one in a martini, called an 'Okratini', or try one in a Bloody Mary.
412	versatility	India tree caster sugar has been especially formulated for the baking trade. Use it in cakes cookies, meringues, custards, and mousses. Because it dissolves quickly, INDIA tree caster sugar is perfect for sweetening iced tea and cold drinks. It is the best sugar for sorbets, and is heavenly sprinkled over fresh fruit.
183	taste	Delicious organic honey from brazil raw honey may crystallize.
336	taste	COCONUT DREAM Enriched Original Unsweetened Coconut Drink features the rich flavor of real coconut cream with no added sugar. It packs a lot of coconut taste  with 60 calories  into each serving. Whether you pour it over cereal, add it to your favorite recipes or enjoy it cold by the glassful, our Original Unsweetened Coconut Drink is delicious any way you enjoy it. It is also Non-GMO Project Verified, has 3 g. of medium chain fatty acids (MCFAs) per serving and is a good source of vitamins A, B12 & D. Perfect for people with dietary restrictions, our coconut drink is Certified Kosher and free of common allergens including lactose, dairy and gluten. Includes one 32 fl. oz. carton of COCONUT DREAM Enriched Original Unsweetened Coconut Drink. has redefined whats possible for the dairy-free with a large variety of plant-based offerings, including plant-based beverages, frozen desserts, yogurts and chocolate, all enrolled in the Non-GMO Project. Theyre nutritious and loaded with flavor, so youll enjoy every sip and savor every bite. Discover how delicious DREAM can be.
872	health	Vitamin C is vital for optimum health. It is the body's primary antioxidant as it helps support the immune system, and plays an important role in cardiovascular health.* It is needed for growth and formation of collagen, a protein used to make skin, tendons, ligaments, blood vessels, and scar tissue.* Delicious Sunkist Chewable Juicy Orange makes it easy to get enough vitamin C every day.
356	health	EAS AdvantEDGE Lean15 Protein Shake Powder is designed to support your goals of getting lean and toned by giving you the protein you want, without the stuff you dont. Each serving includes 15 grams of high-quality protein to nourish muscles and an excellent source of antioxidant vitamins C &amp; E to support immunity as well as B-vitamins for energy and protein metabolism. There will always be challenges when you are working to get lean and toned and you need an easy choice when there are obstacles.
100	gourmet experience	100% fruit snack. The flat fruited raspberry is famous of course. For its fantastic flavor. Its rich red color. And because it grows on just one tree on just one island in the whole wide world. Diabetics/Diet exchange: 1 fruit.
59	taste	Cheetos brand simply natural white cheddar Puffs.<br>New Look. same great taste.<br>Made with expeller pressed oils.<br>Made With sea salt.<br>No Artificial colors, flavors or preservatives.<br>Cheese Flavored snacks.
473	taste	Imagine Organic Creamy Tomato Soup is comfort food redefined. Our recipe features select, organic tomatoes and farm-grown herbs blended in a rich and creamy soup that's bursting with the authentic flavors of homemade. Dunk, or serve with, a warm grilled cheese sandwich. Simply heat in the microwave for one minute, then serve. This soup is Non-GMO Project Verified, USDA-Certified Organic and vegan. It also contains no gluten or dairy and is Certified Kosher. Includes one 32 oz. carton of Imagine Organic Creamy Tomato Soup. At Imagine, were dedicated to helping you discover a healthier way of life. We offer health-conscious people more than 50 varieties of USDA-Certified Organic soups, broths, culinary simmer sauces and gravies. And when you start with the finest that nature has to offer, the result is extraordinarily delicious and nutritious.
896	taste	Senseo Douwe Egberts Medium Roast Coffee Pods are aromatic, rich and smooth. This uncomplicated coffee with a delicious cream layer is an ideal choice for any time, any occasion. Specially-designed SENSEO coffee pods are measured servings of coffee that give you a full, smooth taste and aroma. The coffee blends are selected and roasted by the premier European company Douwe Egberts, with a 250 year heritage.
146	gourmet experience	Bring classic HERSHEY'S flavor to holiday celebrations with REESE'S Peanut Butter Cup Miniatures. Delight in the delicious combination of milk chocolate and smooth peanut butter for the holiday season. Wrapped in holiday colors, this classic peanut butter candy will add a cheery note to any celebration. Fill candy dishes and stockings with these festively wrapped bite-size miniatures or add to baked desserts. REESE'S Peanut Butter Cup Miniatures are OU Certified as a Kosher dairy product and are a gluten-free food. This product ships as one 36-ounce bag.
768	taste	Made with a touch of brown sugar and lots of love, this mix produces banana bread that is undeniably moist and packed with fresh banana flavor. The batter can also be made into muffins or mini muffins for a perfect on-the-go breakfast or with an afternoon cup of coffee or tea. You can even add chocolate chips! Its soooooo good!
409	taste	Live every day on the sweet side with Red Vines Black Licorice Twists. Bite into the bold and classic flavor of black licorice with this timeless twist candy, made using artisanal techniques and easy to share in this fun knob-handled jar. Open a vintage-styled jar and join in a sweet moment of delicious treats with a loved one any time. Great for office desks and kitchen counters alike, set out a jar for all to experience this satisfying snack. These black licorice twists are a fat-free, preservative-free, and kosher candy. Perfect for black licorice lovers, this pack includes one jar filled with four pounds of twists.
284	health	Nature Made`s omega-3 fish oil products use only the oil from wild ocean fish, and do not use oil from farm-raised fish. Each batch of nature made fish oil is processed using state-of-the-art molecular distillation or absorbent technology to assure high levels of purity. All batches of nature made fish oil are guaranteed to pass the stringent standards of the CRN (council for responsible nutrition) omega-3 monograph. In addition, nature Made`s fish oil products meet the united states pharmacopeia ("USP") omega-3 fish oil purity standards as well as comply with all standards prescribed by the united states food and drug administration ("FDA").
858	taste	Its brownie delight with every bite  and gluten free for all to enjoy!
176	health	Amazing grass green superfood offers a full spectrum of alkalizing green superfoods, antioxidant rich fruits, and support herbs united with acai and Maca to provide a powerful dose of whole food nutrition. Green superfood helps you achieve your recommended 5 to 9 daily servings of fruits and vegetables and our finer grind not only provides superior taste, it increases nutrient bioavailability. Green superfood is blended to perfection in a delicious tasting powder, with more organic whole leaf greens per gram than other green superfoods. Enhanced with probiotics and a digestive enzyme blend, green superfood is CCOF certified organic to ensure every ingredient is of the highest quality and integrity. Nutrition your body needs with 10 delicious flavors and functions youll love. Amazing grass grasses are grown at our family-run farm in Kansas and we are dedicated to the finest and raw ingredients keeping the best of what mother nature has perfect. In the end, making others happy makes us happy people.
180	gourmet experience	A way to eat. The way to live. We'Re here to fill your life with honest to goodness good food. The kind of food that you remember, deep down. Fresh. Wholesome. Brimming with flavor and life. It can only be found in organically grown foods. USDA organic. C.
532	gourmet experience	For over 70 years Rosarita has continued to make delicious Mexican sauces, beans, and refried beans. Make your family's next Mexican food night even better with Rosarita. Taste the tradition of Mexiconow vegetarianwith Rosarita Vegetarian Refried Beans. When you serve Rosarita refried beans, you're giving your family delicious Mexican-inspired flavors. On the stovetop, heat the beans over medium heat in a saucepan until hot, stirring occasionally or microwave in a covered microwave-safe dish on high for one and one-half minutes or until hot. Rosarita Vegetarian Refried Beans have 120 calories per serving with zero fat. This pack contains 12 cans.
306	health	Need fast acting heartburn relief you can count on? Tums Extra Strength is here for you. It goes to work in seconds, traveling directly to the source of the heartburn. Once there, it neutralizes acid on contact for fast relief. Tums antacid tastes great too, giving you more flavor options than anyone else!
19	health	Health Valley Organic Cream of Chicken Soup, 12/14.5 oz is great served alone, or as a base ingredient for one of your favorite recipes. Our Cream of Chicken is prepared with the finest organic ingredients, including cream with no added hormones. Enjoy the hearty flavor you want without any unnecessary additives. For nearly 40 years, Health Valley Organic has used sustainable agricultural practices to bring families like yours the healthiest food from the land. Our USDA-certified organic products don't have artificial flavors, potentially harmful pesticides or genetically modified ingredients. What they do have are all the good nutrition--and the rich, satisfying flavors--your family deserves. We also take another big step in helping you understand exactly how healthy our products are. Its called the Health Valley Nutrition Scorecard, and before long, youll see it on each and every Health Valley package.
651	health	High fiber; low fat; whole grain; 119 g fiber per serving; 6 mg Omega 3 per serving; not genetically engineered. USDA Organic. This product is third-party certified organic by Quality Assurance International (QAI). What's good about this cereal? Each 55 g serving has 11 g fiber, making Flax Plus Raisin Bran a high fiber source. Low fat diets rich in fiber-containing grain products, fruit and vegetables may reduce the risk of some types of cancer, a disease associated with many factors. What?s good about certified organic goodness? Good food: no synthetic pesticides; no synthetic herbicides; no preservatives or additives; no genetically engineered seeds or ingredients; no irradiation. Good ecology: Enriched, drought resistant soil; less soil erosion; Less groundwater pollution; improved farm biodiversity. It's time to get back to basics and eat whole grains. Flax Plus Raisin Bran has a whopping 11 g of fiber per serving, nearly half your daily needs, and contains all the beneficial ingredients - complex carbohydrates with heart healthy oils, bran flakes, and plump juicy raisins full of iron. These ingredients digest more slowly and keep blood sugars steady. It's delicious - crunchy flakes, raisins, gently sweet - after one bit you'll forget this is a health food! It's a yummy breakfast and delightful snack.
68	health	Nourishing your body shouldn't be hard work. Cover the basics with Vega Protein & Greens: 20 g complete protein and two servings of greens-for only 110 calories. Nutrition on-the-go will feel-and taste!-like a piece of cake. Packed with 20 grams of Vega's signature multi source, plant-based complete protein blend, and 2 servings of nutrient dense vegetable greens. Just add water, shake and go or blend into your favorite smoothie recipe for effortless nutrition!
834	taste	Prego Italian sauces are made with sweet vine-ripened tomatoes and savory herbs and seasonings you can taste in every bite. Whether youre in the mood for a zesty tomato sauce or a rich, creamy Alfredo saucePrego brings irresistible taste your whole family will love.<br><br>Prego Fresh Mushroom Italian Sauce gives you the rich, sweet taste of vine-ripened tomatoes with savory mushroom flavor and herbs and seasonings. Perfect as is, or use it as a base for your own pasta sauce.
478	versatility	Spice up your favorite recipes with Imagine Culinary Organic Thai Coconut Curry Simmer Sauce. Our original recipe features a velvety sauce made with coconut cream, veggies, seasonings like cilantro, ginger and sesame to add a Thai-inspired kick to any meal. Simply add our Thai Coconut Curry sauce to a skillet with chicken, shrimp or tofu for a simple and delicious dinner. Makes four to five servings - just add a protein of your choice. Our sauce is made with non-GMO ingredients and is USDA-Certified Organic. It is also gluten-free. Includes one 10 oz. pouch of Imagine Culinary Organic Thai Coconut Curry Simmer Sauce. At Imagine, were dedicated to helping you discover a healthier way of life. We offer health-conscious people more than 50 varieties of USDA-Certified Organic soups, broths, culinary simmer sauces and gravies. And when you start with the finest that nature has to offer, the result is extraordinarily delicious and nutritious.
450	versatility	Get wrapped in velvety, creamy deliciousness with this hot cocoa sampler box. No two flavors are alike but they all give you that warm and cozy hot chocolaty taste. Variety is the spice of life.
266	health	Ensuring an adequate intake of key nutrients is important to promoting overall health.your Body needs various vitamins and minerals to function properly.nature Made multi complete is specially formulated with 23 key nutrients to address the health needs of both men and women.
53	versatility	Make it a blockbuster movie night with TWIZZLERS Cherry Flavored Bites! These cherrylicious bits of chewy TWIZZLERS Candy make the perfect movie-night treat, ice-cream topper, or snack-mix surprise. This perfect bite-size snack is fun to share and easy to grab and go!
418	taste	From the makers of America's #1 Selling Gummi Bear, say hello to HARIBO Fruit Salad. These soft, sugar-dusted sweet gummies come in a varitey of fruit shaped pieces. Kids and grown-ups love it so, the happy world of HARIBO
981	taste	Rich hazelnut aroma and hints of coconut flavor reminiscent of the islands, this blend of premium Arabica coffees brings you an enchanting cup.Natural and Artificially Flavored. Does not contain Hawaiian grown coffees
429	gourmet experience	Our fat-free, no sugar added Special Dutch Chocolate makes the most delicious, richest chocolate beverage ever. Make your own Chocolate ice blended, a cafe mocha, or create your own special drink. Either way, it's a treat and you'll keep coming back for more.
300	health	Nature made VitaMelts sleep provides 3 mg of melatonin, a hormone in your body that assists in regulating your sleep and wake cycles. Nature made VitaMelts sleep also helps to support restful sleep. The tablets melt in your mouth with a great-tasting, natural chocolate mint flavor.
23	health	The power of protein keeps you full and feeling good about it, so go ahead--indulge in the decadent, nougaty goodness of LUNA Protein. Delicious, satisfying and sustaining for under 200 gluten-free calories.
338	gourmet experience	DeBoles Jerusalem Artichoke Pasta, Angel Hair, 8 Ounce (Pack of 12) is made of a unique blend of durum semolina and our signature Jerusalem artichoke flour. Jerusalem artichoke flour naturally contains inulin, a prebiotic that stimulates the growth of beneficial bacterial in the digestive tract that in turn aids digestion and lowers blood pressure and cholesterol. Our signature recipe has a subtle nutty flavor and light smooth texture that is never sticky. Since 1932 DeBoles pasta has been the brand of choice for those seeking healthier lifestyles for themselves and their families. Our extensive line of pastas offers great variety in shapes and flavors to please every palate, including those with special dietary needs. DeBoles maintains its dedication to producing unique and delicious pasta products from the highest quality, all natural and organic ingredients.
891	health	No additives or preservatives. 50 Grams per serving! It&#8217;s been awarded as the 2005 Best Taste by American Culinary Institute. Our organic hot oatmeal is made with whole grain cut organic rolled oats - including the bran. So, start your day with a wholesome and delicious bowl of our whole grain organic oats - just add hot water and enjoy! All the convenience in a nutritious and healthy portion pack that's quick and easy to prepare, a product of the Canada.
534	gourmet experience	Dole Packaged Foods, LLC is a world leader in growing, sourcing, distributing, and marketing fruit and healthy snacks. Dole sells a full line of packaged shelf stable fruit, frozen fruit, dried fruit, and juices. The company focuses on four pillars of sustainability in all its operations: water management, carbon footprint, soil conservation, and water reduction. Pineapples are a symbol of hospitality, tropical vacations and fun, so it makes sense Dole would take this yummy goodness and put it in a can. Dole Canned 100% Juice is refreshing, exotic and a delicious alternative to other juices. Dole Juice is 100% juice that is an excellent source of Vitamin C and a good source of vitamins A & E. Naturally gluten free and in BPA free packaging, it tastes great on its own, or in your favorite smoothie, mocktail, cocktail, or marinade. Store unopened juice in a cool, dry place. If you prefer a chilled juice, keep an unopened can in your refrigerator. Shake well before serving. After opening, store in a glass or plastic container in the refrigerator.
206	gourmet experience	San Francisco Bay Coffee French Roast is a blend of fine 100% Arabica coffees from Central and South America. A coffee with an intense, bold, and smoky flavor not for the faint of heart. Our reputation reflects on us as a family. As such, your satisfaction is our top priority, and we stand firmly behind the quality of all of our products. If youre not happy with your purchase for any reason, we will make it right.
113	gourmet experience	Kellogg's has been making great-tasting, high quality foods for over 100 years, including Pop-Tarts...a breakfast favorite of millions since 1967. Whether toasted or enjoyed right from the pack, Kellogg's Pop-Tarts make mornings and snacktime fun. This limited edition packs mouthwatering strawberry flavor into a delicious Chocolatey crust, then tops it with strawberry frosting and sprinkles. Kellogg's Pop-Tarts are baked with real fruit. Wrapped in convenient two-tart packs, Pop-Tarts are an easy pick for a quick lunchtime recharge or snack on-the-go. This package includes one eight-count box of Kellogg's Frosted Chocolatey Strawberry Pop-Tarts.
168	gourmet experience	100% coffee. No nuts. Since 1932 chock full oNuts has been new Yorks favorite coffee. No, there are no nuts in there (its a long story)  just the most flavorful, freshest beans we can buy. And then we slow roast them like we have since we started out in Brooklyn. All to give you a rich, aromatic blend that brews into the boldest coffee youve ever put to your lips. The coffee thats fueled new York for generations. So its a perfect start to your day  whenever your day starts, that is.
989	convenience	Healthy snacking has never been so energizing and indulgent! These delicious grab-and-go snacks are made from some of the most nutrient-dense functional food stars including cacao, maca, chia and camu-camu. We sustainably source the most nutritious, wholesome and delicious ingredients from around the world, and now weve combined these premium superfoods into flavorful grab-and-go snacks that you can conveniently enjoy anywhere. These chewy Power Snack bites have a rich dark chocolate flavor which can be enjoyed straight out of the bag, or you can crumble them into yogurt, ice cream, trail mix, cereal and smoothies.
467	health	Betterbody foods PB fit is made from gently roasted peanuts. We extract 75% of the oil to create a delicious, low fat powder that is chock full of flavor. Combine PB fit and water for a healthy, low fat peanut butter spread. It also gives a delicious protein boost to smoothies.
754	gourmet experience	Organic wheat is boiled, sun-dried, cracked, and then hand-rolled in freshly ground Organic whole-wheat flour. It is steamed and sun-dried by women-owned cooperatives using traditional techniques dating back to hundreds of years. The result is a superb delicacy and one of the signature flavors of Palestinian cuisine. Unlike other types of Afoul, our hand-rolled Afoul holds it shape when cooked, even if overcooked, thanks to indigenous Anbar Wheat variety which boasts a solid bulgur core and consistency.
941	health	Amazing Grass Organic Wheat Grass is one of the most potent leafy greens on earth, not to mention a great source of vitamins and minerals. Farm fresh, USDA Certified, our 100% whole-leaf, organic wheat grass naturally detoxifies the body and boost immune systems. Tablets are convenient for individuals who find consuming green drinks difficult, but still want the benefits of wheat grass! Amazing Grass grows our wheat and barley grasses and alfalfa at our family-run farm in Kansas. Our Organic Wheat Grass is harvested at its nutritional peak just prior to the jointing stage, when we cut just the tip of the leaf, which is the most nutrient rich part of the plant. This process ensures we capture and lock-in the potent nutrition that Mother Nature intended and allows our bodies to easily recognize, absorb and assimilate these amazing superfoods. Amazing Grass is dedicated to the finest and raw ingredients keeping the best of what Mother Nature has perfect. In the end, making others happy makes us happy people!
280	health	Maintaining healthy levels of vitamin d in your body has been shown to be an important part of your overall health. Nature made vitamin d 5000 IU liquid softgels are made of vitamin d3 the body's preferred form of vitamin d. Nature made vitamin d3 5000 IU liquid softgel is perfect for the adult who has been identified as vitamin d deficient and has been recommended a higher dosage supplement by their physician.
25	health	Wellness CORE Natural Grain Free Wet Canned Dog Food Turkey, Chicken & Turkey Liver Recipe is healthy, 100% natural gluten free, grain free dog food for adult dogs made with turkey, chicken liver and turkey liver, salmon oil, cranberries and botanicals to help support inner wellness and fortified with vitamins and minerals, including fish and flax omega blend for healthy skin and coat. Each wet canned dog food can be served as a complete, balanced meal or can be added on top for an extra boost of protein. Wellness CORE grain free dog food formulas are based on the nutritional philosophy that dogs thrive on a diet mainly comprised of meat. Each grain free, nutrient-rich formula provides high quality protein for your dog. Relevant search keywords: can dog food, canned dog food, dog food canned, grain free canned dog food, wellness canned dog food, core dog food, core wellness dog food, grain free dog food, wellness core dog food, wellness dog food, wellness natural dog food, dog food grain free, natural dog food, best dog food, best grain free dog food, wet dog food
216	versatility	Bring classic goodness to snack time with YORK Minis. Indulge peppermint and chocolate cravings anytime with this party bag of peppermint patties. Made with cool peppermint enveloped in dark chocolate, each individually wrapped piece is sized for the perfect bite. These candies are great for lunch boxes, the office stash, or as part of decadent baked treats. YORK Minis are gluten-free and OU Kosher Certified. This product ships as one 40-ounce bag.
687	convenience	Annie Chun's Noodle Bowls are instant gourmet food, perfect for lunch or a quick dinner at your fingertips! Keep these bowls in your desk or cupboard, then just heat and serve. When time is short just pull out an Annie Chun's all vegetarian noodle bowl from your desk or cupboard, microwave for one minute and serve. This meal comes to you in a biodegradable bowl that decomposes in the soil with no harm to the earth. It's better for the planet and one small way we can care for our environment together.
11	versatility	The lay's southern heat barbecue flavored potato chips are a twist on the traditional barbecue flavor. With this special seasoning, these lay's chips are a great way to change up your snack time. Bring to your next bbq or as a staple snack for a party.
590	health	Discover the delicious 100% whole grain crunch of toasted Wheat Thins snacks. Wheat Thins are toasted instead of fried with no cholesterol or high-fructose corn syrup, making them a healthy snack choice for any occasion. These crunchy crackers pair perfectly with cheese, fruit, spreads, and more--but are great all on their own. Each family-size box is sealed to lock in freshness and great taste for gatherings, parties, or simply snacking around the house.
419	gourmet experience	Copper moon world coffees invites you to taste the truly unique coffees of the world and explore the richest flavors these cultures have to offer. Copper moon searches the globe to find the best beans the world has to offer and then carefully roasts them to perfection.
968	convenience	Love lemon in your water but dont love fresh lemons inconvenience? Well then True Lemon is for you! Made from a patented process that cold-presses and crystallizes the lemon oils and juices, True Lemon delivers consistent fresh-squeezed lemon taste in a convenient packet. Add True Lemon to your water and youll swear you just squeezed a lemon wedge into your water. But dont stop there! True Lemon is great in hot/iced teas, drinks and beverages. You can also use True Lemon for your cooking, baking and seasoning applications. Sprinkle True Lemon on food instead of salt. Because of True Lemons great taste and convenience, youll find youre reaching for True Lemon all the time!
323	taste	Americas favorite Keurig k-cups, is now available in decaf. Coffee people donut shop decaf coffee Keurig k-cups will definitely remind you of the good old days. Coffee people donut shop coffee is a sweet, full-bodied all-American classic. The great taste of your favorite donut shop is now as close as your Keurig k-cup brewer. Coffee people donut shop decaf will no doubt be a decaffeinated favorite in no time. Join the thousands of people who have already experienced the great taste of coffee people donut shop decaf.
656	health	USDA Organic. Gluten free. Low fat! Low sodium! Nothing artificial. What's Good About Certified Organic Goodness? Good Food - No synthetic pesticides. No synthetic herbicides. No preservatives or additives. Not genetically engineered. No irradiation. Good Ecology - Enriched, drought resistant soil. Less soil erosion. Less groundwater pollution. Improved farm biodiversity. This product is third-party certified organic by Quality Assurance International (QAI). Product of U.S.A.
244	health	Our oatmeal organic probiotic baby cereal is perfect for babies ready to move beyond rice cereal. It is enriched with Choline for Baby's brain and eye development and contains probiotics to support digestive system health.
350	versatility	The hostess story began in 1919 when America was first introduced to the hostess cupcake. But the event that changed the snack cake world forever happened in 1930, when jimmy Dewar invented twinkies. Today, hostess brands, continues to delight snack fans everywhere with a variety of new and classic treats like ding dongs, ho hos, donettes and fruit pies. We'Re honored to make the original crme-filled cakes that so many consider an irreplaceable part of American life.
77	versatility	Crispy, crunchy, and a little bit toasty, Kashi Original 7 Grain Crackersare a delicious, plant-based cracker perfect for anytime snacking. Crafted with our Kashi Seven Whole Grains and Sesame Flour ofoats, hard red wheat, rye, brown rice, triticale, barley, buckwheat, and sesame seeds, cracked grain flour, and a hint of sea salt, these crisps are great on their own or with dips, spreads, and more, and are perfect for party spreads. A travel-ready food, pack a snack to enjoy at work, as an afternoon pick-me-up at school, or savory bite during your commute. With 18 grams of whole grain in every serving, Kashi Pita Crisps are Non-GMO Project Verified.
299	health	Nature made VitaMelts multi is specially formulated with 12 key vitamins to support the daily nutrition needs of both men and women. VitaMelts multi tablets melt in your mouth with a great-tasting, natural tropical fruit flavor.
699	taste	Carr's Whole Wheat Crackers add a little extra oomph to your snack or buffet spread with toasty and crispy whole wheat flavor. These versatile crackers pair well with cheeses, dips, spreads, and are great on their own.
973	taste	Creamy and smooth-bodied with a smoky aroma and well-balanced flavor.
434	taste	Sand foods Inc., Since its foundation in 1923 as a pioneer of manufacturing pure made-in-japan curry powder, has strived to improve the quality of life and food culture through our various products focusing on peppers and spices, such as garlic, for which we have the largest share in japan.
67	health	Recharge and repair post-workout with the Vega sport protein bar so you can do it all again, sooner. With 15 g of complete multisource, plant-based protein, 2.5 BCAAs, 2 g glutamine and 1 g of omega 3s, Vega sport protein bars are not only delicious but also non-GMO, gluten-free and free of artificial flavors, colors or sweeteners. Give your muscles the protein they crave with stage three of the Vega sport nutrition program.
89	taste	More than 39 lovingly blended exotic herbs, spices and vegetables - and NO SALT.
541	versatility	All purpose seasoning. Naturally brewed. Over 300 years of excellence.
154	gourmet experience	Includes one of each of these popular flavors: blue raspberry bomb, cheery cherry, gummi grape. Includes 25 paper cones and 25 straws. The great northern popcorn company has a reputation for quality. Our RTU snow cone / shaved ice syrups are best sellers and best in class. These top rated syrups are selected by professionals around the country due to their powerful flavors, vibrant colors, and economical pricing. They are perfect for snow cones and shaved ice and are available in three sizes (gallon, half-gallon, and quart) and the most fun and exciting flavors including blue raspberry bomb, cheery cherry, gummi grape, sassy strawberry, watermelon wowza, boo blue bubblegum, tropical tiger's blood, cotton candy jubilee, pina colada punch and laughing lemon lime. Innovative "flip top cap" for easy dispensing. Most vibrant colors and sweetest taste on the market. Top rated. Ready to use (RTU) snow cone and shaved ice syrup. No mixing required. Just pump (or pour) and serve. These can be used with our snow cone syrup pumps, sold separately. Great for concession stands, carnivals, midways and boardwalks. These snow cone syrups are the most popular colors/flavors. Ingredients: high fructose corn syrup, water, citric acid, sodium benzoate, gum, artificial flavor, artificial color.
674	gourmet experience	Crafted by master grinders, Frenchs Classic Yellow Mustard is Americas best-loved mustard. From the very beginning, French's Classic Yellow Mustard has always been made from what today would be considered "clean, simple ingredients." More than a century later, those ingredients are still clean. Our promise to you means that all French's products will be held to that same high standard. At French's we work very hard to create products that you're proud to serve your family and friends. That means no artificial flavors, colorants, dyes, or high-fructose corn syrup. Frenchs Classic Yellow Mustard is made with stone ground, #1 grade mustard seeds and has no artificial colors, flavors or preservatives. No corners cut, no weird stuff, just the bright yellow that brings food to life with zero fat, calories or gluten. For over 100 years, Frenchs Classic Yellow Mustard has delivered the smooth texture and tangy taste to families across America.
498	gourmet experience	Since 1992, SnackWells has worked tirelessly to bring delicious snacks we all can feel good about to your home, by creating a variety of delicious fat-free products like our signature Devils Food Cookie Cakes and peanut-free treats like our tasty Vanilla Creme Sandwich Cookies. Our years of experience creating better-for-you treats have shaped who we are, and now were excited to enter a simpler era with our newly reformulated and reinvigorated product line, featuring healthier and family-friendly indulgences free from high fructose corn syrup and partially hydrogenated oils. You want healthier options made with healthier, simpler ingredients, and were proud to offer more better-for-you, on-the-go snacking options to suit your busy lifestyle, all with the same great, indulgent taste you love.
484	versatility	This chocolate lovers' flavored coffee variety pack by crazy cups contains: death by chocolate, Italian chocolate cheesecake, chocolate raspberry truffle, chocolate chipotle mole, chocolate coconut dream, peppermint chocolate mocha13 grams of coffee, 35% more coffee than other k-cups crazy cups are good for the environment with a recyclable cups: use cool-peel-recycle technology gluten free, ou kosher certified, lactose free, vegan and pareve, for use with all Keurig k-cup brewers including the Keurig 2.0.
952	health	Nutiva Organic, non-GMO, Premium Chia Seeds pack a powerful superfood punch. These small, crunchy, gluten-free seeds are a rich source of protein, beneficial antioxidants, essential omega-3 fatty acids and wholesome fiber. In fact, just 3 tablespoons of Nutiva Organic, non-GMO, Premium Chia Seeds contains 15x more magnesium than broccoli, 6x more calcium than whole milk, 30% more antioxidants than blueberries, and 2x more potassium than bananas! It's no wonder that use of this ancient superfood can be traced back to 3500 BCE. Nutiva Organic, non-GMO, Premium Chia Seeds are easy to digest whole and can be easily incorporated into vegetarian, vegan, whole food, paleo, ketogenic, and gluten-free diets. Blend them into a healthful smoothie, sprinkle them onto yogurt, or stir them into oatmeal to kick start your day. Add them to sauces as a gourmet thickener, or even use them in baked goods as a replacement for egg. Nutiva's Chia products are always certified organic, non-GMO, unrefined, vegan, raw, and never processed using hexane or other dangerous chemicals. Nutiva was founded in 1999 with a single purpose in mind - to Revolutionize the Way the World Eats. Our role is to produce and promote organic, nutrient dense superfoods that are good for you and good for the planet. Social and environmental responsibility is a core part of Nutivas culture and business. From sourcing organic products, to obtaining fair trade certification, to greening our facilities and operations, to funding tree planting at schools in our local community, we are constantly seeking ways to better protect our environment and ensure a better quality of life for employees, customers, and the communities we serve.
692	taste	Pacific Foods Organic Cashew Carrot Ginger Soup blends a trio flavors from sweet carrots, buttery cashews to spicy ginger combined with coconut milk creates an exotic mix of rich, delicious flavors. Ideal for serving either hot or cold. At Pacific Foods, we believe in making foods we're proud of using simple recipes and clean ingredients sourced as close to home as possible. We steer clear of preservatives, additives and GMOs and always will. Our mission is to nourish every body, one meal at a time.
199	gourmet experience	At Grove Square we make delicious beverages that are compatible with your first generation Keurig k-cup brewer. The wonderful community of Grove Square includes three neighborhoods, each offering its own unique single-serve hot and cold beverages. OnBarista Boulevard, cappuccino is the house specialty.Orchard LaneIs a cider lovers paradise, whileChocolate Circleis the place for rich, old-fashioned cocoa. We invite you to visit and sample everything Grove Square has to offer. It's a comfortable place where youll feel right at home, and theres a delectable, convenient beverage for everyone.
254	health	Bring a healthy, wholesome crunch to your mornings with Kashi Organic Sprouted GrainsCereal. Made with a satisfying blend of organic sprouted wheat, toasty brown rice, sprouted oats, sprouted barley, sprouted amaranth, and sprouted spelt, this crunchy breakfast cereal is as nutritious as it is delicious. A yummy addition to any balanced breakfast, our Organic Sprouted Grains Cereal pairs well with dairy or nut milk, yogurt, and fresh fruit. Toasty, healthy, and 100% whole grain, Kashi Organic Sprouted Grains Cereal is vegan, provides an excellent source of fiber, and is also Non-GMO Project Verified.
39	gourmet experience	Whether you're exploring the outdoors or just need a quick burst of energy in your day, enjoying the classic crunch of nature valley crunchy granola bars, 1.5 Ounce is a perfect way to fuel up naturally. Apple crisp granola bars combine real apples, cinnamon, and whole grain rolled oats to produce an all natural, sweet, and nutritious snack. The bars are full of classic crunch and whole grain goodness, making them a completely natural energy boost that contains no cholesterol or trans fat. Packed in two bar pouches, nature valley crunchy granola bars offer crunchy, satisfying taste you can take anywhere. Crunchy granola bar flavors include apple crisp, banana nut, cinnamon, maple brown sugar, oats 'n honey, peanut butter, pecan crunch, and roasted almond.
207	versatility	Nestle assorted chocolate miniatures includes three fun ways to enjoy the chocolaty brands you love.
384	gourmet experience	Treat your taste buds with Knorr Pasta Sides Thai Sweet Chili Pasta (4.5oz). Our pasta side dish expertly combines ginger with a sweet chili sauce. Our deliciously seasoned Pasta Sides are great as part of a delicious main dish or as a standalone side dish. Make Knorr Pasta Sides the foundation of a crowd-pleasing dinner. Your family is sure to love the sweet chili sauce of Knorr Pasta Sides Thai Sweet Chili Pasta (4.5oz). On top of tasting delicious, our Thai Sweet Chili Pasta is quick and easy to prepare. Knorr Pasta Sides cook in just seven minutes on the stovetop or microwave. Knorr Rice Sides have no artificial flavors making it an excellent choice for creating a family-favorite meal. Use Knorr Sides to create a mouth-watering main dish. Simply prepare Knorr Pasta Sides and add your favorite meat and vegetables to make a dinner your family is sure to love. You can find great recipes from Knorr like our chef-inspired Crunchy Thai Noodle Salad -- simply add peanut butter, vegetables, and lime juice. Discover more quick and delicious dinner ideas at Knorr.com. There are hundreds of recipes to help you find dinner inspiration. Knorr also has Rice Sides, Fiesta Sides, Italian Sides and more. Knorr offers more than 40 varieties of rice and pasta sides so you can be sure to find flavors your family will love. Knorr believes that good food matters and everyday meals can be just as magical as special occasions. Knorr products owe their taste and flavors to the culinary skills and passion of our chefs. Knorr sources high-quality ingredients to create delicious side dishes, bouillons, sauces, gravies, soups and seasonings enjoyed by families everywhere.
815	taste	Gerber 2nd Foods purees offer your baby their first combination foods from blended fruits, vegetables, dinners and jarred cereals
886	versatility	Bob's Red Mill Organic Buckwheat Flour is whole grain, nutritious, and packs a wonderful earthy flavor. A bit of a misnomer, buckwheat is not related to wheat at all. In fact, it's not even a grain, but rather, a seed and one true cousin of rhubarb. Commonly used in pancakes, buckwheat flour is also great for quick breads and yeast breads. It's also the vital ingredient in Russian blinis and buckwheat crepes! Note: although buckwheat is a gluten free grain, this product is NOT produced in our gluten free facility. Check out our other buckwheat products which are gluten free, like Organic Creamy Buckwheat Hot Cereal, Organic Buckwheat Groats, and Kasha. Certified Organic by QAI.
767	taste	Savor a sweet moment for yourself with this semisweet, decadent premium chocolate. Cadbury royal dark chocolate candy bar is a delicious way to indulge by the bite (or bar).
852	health	With 7 grams of protein and a good source of fiber in every ounce, our roasted peanuts make smart snacks. And with varieties like dry roasted peanuts and honey roasted peanuts, along with flavored peanuts like chili lime peanuts, sea salt and vinegar peanuts and salted caramel peanuts, there's no shortage of nutritious snacks.
331	taste	Personality: Supportive, empowering and believes in you. Herbal power: Traditionally used to help nursing mothers with breast milk production. Reason to love : while your bundle of joy is probably causing you no end of delight, moms can also feel overwhelmed and tired, especially when it comes to breastfeeding. We love the fact that this herbal tea has traditionally been used to help mothers support their production of breast milk and to promote healthy lactation. With herbs like fennel, anise (which give the tea a sweet, licorice like taste), coriander and fenugreek, each sip is like stepping into a tradition that has been passed down from woman to woman for hundreds of years. Taste: sweet, spicy, slightly bitter with a distinct licorice-like taste. *The statements have not been evaluated by the food and drug administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.
503	gourmet experience	Red chili habanero sauces. They are present to accompany a variety of dishes. They are the product of a careful selection of authentic Chile habanero, one of the hottest in the world, to enjoy from Mexican to all kinds of seafood and pasta.
357	health	Push your performance with EAS 100% Whey Protein Powder. One serving provides you with 30 grams of high quality protein and 7.3 grams of naturally occurring branched chain amino acids to aid in muscle recovery with no added sugars, fillers or blends. Quality, no filler protein for committed athletes who want results.
944	health	The foundation of a sound mind, body, and spirit is derived from what you eat  and what you eat is most delicious and satisfying when its in a whole, natural state. Thats why Larabars Chocolate Lovers bars only include simple, real ingredients. Larabar believes that its whats on the inside that counts, and, with only a few ingredients each, their bars are beautifully simple and delightfully delicious. Theyre kosher, dairy-free, gluten-free, and vegan. Minimally processed Chocolate Lovers bars are a wholesome, on-the-go indulgence you can feel good about eating.
479	health	Imagine Organic Creamy Light Sodium Garden Tomato Soup is a light in sodium version of this classic comfort food. Our recipe features organic tomatoes and farm-grown herbs expertly blended in a rich and creamy soup that's bursting with the authentic flavors of homemade. Make it Mediterranean with crumbled goat cheese and a pinch of thyme. Simply heat in the microwave for one minute, then serve. This soup is Non-GMO Project Verified, USDA-Certified Organic and vegan. It also contains no gluten or dairy and is Certified Kosher. Includes one 32 oz. carton of Imagine Organic Creamy Light Sodium Garden Tomato Soup. At Imagine, were dedicated to helping you discover a healthier way of life. We offer health-conscious people more than 50 varieties of USDA-Certified Organic soups, broths, culinary simmer sauces and gravies. And when you start with the finest that nature has to offer, the result is extraordinarily delicious and nutritious.
885	health	Splenda Sugar Blend lets you enjoy all the sweet things you love with just half the sugar and calories! With Splenda Sugar Blend, you can reduce calories from sugar by half anywhere you sweeten. In place of the full amount of sugar in your favorite recipes, simply use half a much Splenda Sugar Blend. Cakes, cookies, pies and beverages come out perfectly delicious.
276	health	Coenzyme q10, or coq10, works with vitamin e as an antioxidant team to fight free radical damage and protect the heart.
808	health	Half the calories of Doubleshot but all the delicious flavor - "Make Today the Day" to try Doubleshot Light
556	health	All natural seasonings. No artificial preservatives or flavors. No MSG.
756	taste	To a red grape and morello cherry base, we add exotic acai berries and pomegranate to boost antioxidant levels. You won't believe how good healthy tastes. This all-fruit spread became an instant favorite when we introduced it in 2007, leaping to our second-most-popular product in a matter of months.
451	taste	In Khmer this rice is called 'Phka Malis', which means beautiful galand of flowers, because of its delicate floral aroma. Leaving the germ and bran layer intact intensifies its fragrance and nutty flavor while retaining the highest nutritional value. Grown on small rain-fed fields by the farmers of the Damrei Romeal organic cooperative. Organic product'.
295	health	Nature made VitaMelts energy provides 1500 mcg of vitamin b12 in a smooth-melting tablet to support cellular energy production in your body. VitaMelts energy tablets melt in your mouth with a great-tasting, natural mixed berry flavor.
515	versatility	Our classic Manwich Original Sloppy Joe Sauce is made with rich tomatoes, peppers and spices for a classic sauce that's deliciously messy. Just mix with your favorite lean ground beef or ground turkey, heat it up, and serve it on a hamburger bun for a meal that your family will devour. With the robust flavor of Manwich signature seasonings, plus vine-ripened tomatoes, it's no surprise that Manwich is an American family favorite. With Original, Thick and Chunky, and Bold varieties, Manwich sauces aren't just for sloppy joes. Try them on tacos, meatloaf, baked potatoes and more!
109	taste	Hearty, soft-baked granola with whole almonds and naturally sweetened with honey. Natural, barely' processed ingredients with 6 grams of protein per serving. Portable, reclose able bag for convenience and freshness.
148	gourmet experience	Founded over 120 years ago by the first American to develop a formula for manufacturing milk chocolate, the Hershey's brand creates delicious candies that are known and enjoyed by millions around the world. Turn any gathering into a special occasion with KISSES Milk Chocolates. They are perfect for crowd-pleasing candy dishes, stocking stuffers, and holiday events--or simply enjoying on your own. Wrapped in festive silver, red, and green foils, these candies are ideal for layering in centerpieces and creating edible decor. Kosher and gluten-free, KISSES Chocolates have been a favorite American treat since 1907. This product ships as one 36-ounce bag.
99	gourmet experience	The simple taste of hummus comes through in every crunchable bite of our sea salt and olive oil Kashi hummus crisps. Real sea salt brings out the delicate nuttiness only extra virgin olive oil can provide, adding up to a crisp thats worth savoring.
262	health	Lowrey's Original Bacon Curls are a great snack for those looking for a hot and crispy nutritious snack. Snacking is an increasing part of our life; might as well make it healthy. Low in carbohydrates, high in protein (over 30 grams per package), and low in fat, Lowrey's Bacon Curls satisify all your needs for "better for you" snacking. Simply put it in the microwave and cook per the instructions. Eat straight from the bag, add your favorite sauce, or use as a replacement to pita chips when eating hummus. The snacking options are limitless.
269	health	Nature made biotin 5000 mcg liquid softgels for healthy hair, skin and nails. Biotin is an important nutrient for healthy hair, skin and nails.
134	health	Enjoy a convenient and delicious way to support healthy bones with Caltrate 600 plus D3 Soft Chews. If you find taking calcium tablets difficult, individually-wrapped soft chews make a great alternative that makes it easy to nourish your bones anytime, anywhere and with or without food. (1)<br><br>If you do not get enough calcium in your diet, your body begins to take calcium that is reserved in your bones for other daily functions. Calcium and vitamin D supplements are an easy way for you to help get enough calcium daily to support your bone health and keep you moving. Plus, the advanced levels of vit. D3 in each Caltrate soft chew, helps maximize calcium absorption. (1)<br><br>Backed by over 25 years of nutritional science research, Caltrate is formulated with consideration given to recommendations from the National Academy of Sciences to support bone and overall health. So, its no surprise that Caltrate is the #1 selling calcium supplement brand in the United States and trusted by so many people like you. (1,2) <br><br>Also, try Caltrate 600+D3 Calcium and Vitamin D3 Soft Chews is tasty chocolate truffle flavor.<br><br>(1) These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. <br>(2) IRI retail sales data supports that Caltrate is the #1 selling calcium supplement brand in the US
658	gourmet experience	In 1971, when Barbara started our company, the bay area was buzzing with young people full of a desire to express their love for all people. The world was changing daily as they created their own paths and sought to turn others onto new directions. Barbara, then 17, found her calling in real food and opened a small natural bakery in northern California. She had a simple planmake wholesome food taste incredibly delicious. Inspired by good health, family, and the kitchen table as the cornerstones of the good life, she used whole grains and oats just as nature intendedkeeping things simple and real. The bakery exceeded her wildest dreams and grew from a storefront start-up to a thriving wholesale business. Since those first loaves more than 40 years ago, our product offerings have grown to include cereals, snack bars, cookies, and cheese puffs. We carry on Barbaras commitment to create simple, wholesome, and delicious products with the most honest ingredients.
246	health	Bob's Red Mill Organic 7 Grain Pancake & Waffle Mix is a blend of organic, whole grain flours and flaxseed meal, making mouth-watering yet nutritious pancakes or waffles a breeze! Whole grain nutrition offers 6g of dietary fiber per serving and 7g of protein to keep you satisfied and flaxseed meal offers omega-3s. All you need from your kitchen for pancakes or waffles is 1 or 2 eggs, 1 or 2 tablespoons of oil, and 3/4 cup of milk. This mix is versatile, though - did you know you can bake with it too? Try our recipes on the package, or create your own recipes for cakes, muffins, or crepes! Certified Organic by QAI.
135	health	When your child is coughing, reach for Childrens Robitussin Cough Long-Acting. For children ages four and up, Childrens Robitussin Cough Long-Acting provides up to eight hours of cough relief in a single dose. Robitussin liquid medicine for children is formulated with Dextromethorphan HBr, a cough suppressant that temporarily relieves cough due to a cold. Kids approve of the fruit punch flavor and parents approve of the long-lasting relief in this day or nighttime cough syrup. Childrens Robitussin Cough Long-Acting liquid cold medicine is formulated for children four years and over and includes a dosage cup in packaging. Adults should review all labeled directions and warnings prior to administering to children.
850	health	Plum Organics Second Blends (6+ months), a Stage 2 baby food line with blends of pure fruit and veggies, are perfect for exposing your little foodie to unique flavors and colors. Using only organic ingredients, the gently cooked blends are naturally preserved in a convenient, resealable pouch that's perfect for flexible portions.
158	convenience	Filter cup, our new single-serve coffee pod, is a better cup by design, allowing you to enjoy the smooth, delicious flavor and aroma of Kauai coffee any time of day. The filter cup by Kauai coffee is compatible with all k-cup brewers.
401	gourmet experience	Bridgford beef jerky is made from the finest ingredients available. Always tender with savory flavor, Bridgford beef jerky is low in fat and carbohydrates, making it the ideal choice for any busy lifestyle or health-conscious consumer. The combination of bold seasonings, the best ingredients and tender cuts of premuim beef slowly smoked to perfection makes Bridgford America's best tasting beef jerky.
371	gourmet experience	Treat your taste buds with Knorr Asian Sides Teriyaki Rice (5.4oz). Our rice & pasta blend expertly combines carrots and leeks with the sweet taste of teriyaki sauce. Our deliciously seasoned Asian Sides are great as part of a delicious main dish or as a standalone side dish. Make Knorr Asian Sides the foundation of a crowd-pleasing dinner. Your family is sure to love the sweet flavor of Knorr Asian Sides Teriyaki Rice (5.4oz). On top of tasting delicious, our Teriyaki Rice is quick and easy to prepare. Knorr Asian Sides cook in just seven minutes on the stovetop or microwave. Knorr Rice Sides have no artificial flavors making it an excellent choice for creating a family-favorite meal. Use Knorr Sides to create a mouth-watering main dish. Simply prepare Knorr Asian Sides and add your favorite meat and vegetables to make a dinner your family is sure to love. You can find great recipes from Knorr like our chef-inspired Steak & Mushroom Teriyaki Bowl -- simply add flank steak, onion, and mushrooms. Discover more quick and delicious dinner ideas at Knorr.com. There are hundreds of recipes to help you find dinner inspiration. Knorr also has Cajun Sides, Pasta Sides, Fiesta Sides and more. Knorr offers more than 40 varieties of rice and pasta sides so you can be sure to find flavors your family will love. Knorr believes that good food matters and everyday meals can be just as magical as special occasions. Knorr products owe their taste and flavors to the culinary skills and passion of our chefs. Knorr sources high-quality ingredients to create delicious side dishes, bouillons, sauces, gravies, soups and seasonings enjoyed by families everywhere.
921	taste	Decaf coffee begins with a satisfying heaviness on the palate. Big-bodied syrupy taste with a clean, snappy finish of savory bittersweet chocolate.
919	taste	Premium, high-grown 100% Arabica coffee beans, blended with your favorite caf flavors like vanilla or chocolate mocha.
960	health	Making the world a sweeter place. SweetLeaf is the award-winning stevia brand with zero calories, zero carbs, a non-glycemic response, and NO artificial sweeteners. Thats why it is the most popular stevia brand in the natural foods marketplace. SweetLeaf Stevia Sweetener was the first stevia sweetener to receive GRAS status from the FDA and is the only stevia sweetener to win twenty-five international awards for taste, innovation, and sustainability. From the beginning, SweetLeaf Stevia Sweetener made consumer well-being its number one priority. SweetLeaf products are and continue to be a great alternative for people with diabetes and special nutritional needs. We are committed to providing consumers with the highest-quality, best-tasting stevia sweeteners.
377	gourmet experience	Treat your taste buds with Knorr Rice Sides Buffalo Chicken Rice (5.3oz). Our rice & pasta blend expertly combines rice and pasta with a classic Buffalo-style sauce. Our deliciously seasoned Rice Sides are great as part of a delicious main dish or as a standalone side dish. Make Knorr Rice Sides the foundation of a crowd-pleasing dinner. Your family is sure to love the classic Buffalo-style sauce of Knorr Rice Sides Buffalo Chicken Rice (5.3oz). On top of tasting delicious, our Buffalo Chicken Rice is quick and easy to prepare. Knorr Rice Sides cook in just seven minutes on the stovetop or microwave. Knorr Rice Sides have no artificial flavors making it an excellent choice for creating a family-favorite meal. Use Knorr Sides to create a mouth-watering main dish. Simply prepare Knorr Rice Sides and add your favorite meat and vegetables to make a dinner your family is sure to love. You can find great recipes from Knorr like our chef-inspired Buffalo Chicken Tacos -- simply add chicken, onion, bell peppers, and tortillas. Discover more quick and delicious dinner ideas at Knorr.com. There are hundreds of recipes to help you find dinner inspiration. Knorr also has Pasta Sides, Fiesta Sides, Italian Sides and more. Knorr offers more than 40 varieties of rice and pasta sides so you can be sure to find flavors your family will love. Knorr believes that good food matters and everyday meals can be just as magical as special occasions. Knorr products owe their taste and flavors to the culinary skills and passion of our chefs. Knorr sources high-quality ingredients to create delicious side dishes, bouillons, sauces, gravies, soups and seasonings enjoyed by families everywhere.
239	taste	Our stash lemon ginger is an interesting blend of ginger root, lemongrass, lemon flavor, safflower, hibiscus and citric acid. This lively tisane offers wide-awake flavor without any caffeine. It combines the puckery taste of lemon with the sharp, lingering bite of ginger, making it a great sipping drink. Add a bit of honey for a sweeter, smoother drink.
580	taste	Fun surprises abound when you open a pack of fruit flavored Gushers snacks. Each Gushers treat is made with real fruit and contains a juicy center that bursts open with delicious fruity liquid that's made with real fruit juice. Gushers jewel-shaped snacks come in fun flavors and colors such as Orange Cherry and Raspberry Lemonade. Gushers are always made without artificial flavors, gelatin and gluten too, and contain just 90 calories per pouch.
447	health	Since 2002, Himalania has been sourcing ingredients cultivated under organic and natural methods to ensure high-quality taste and texture.Himalania Fuels fit and active lifestyles with only the most unique and nutrient-rich superfoods. We strive to build long-lasting connections beyond our products by upholding social progress and sustainability through fair trade standards. Our commitment is to empower consumers with the knowledge needed to make informed purchases, paving the way to healthier living for all.
988	taste	Look, you wanna know about this coffee? You wanna know if it?s the darkest of dark roasts, the boldest of extra bolds? You wanna know if this can wake you up even after you?ve been sleeping with the fishes? Fuhgeddaboudit! Okay, okay, I can tell you this much... if you're looking for a tasty, full-bodied, smoky blend, this is the brew for you.
358	gourmet experience	Best Foods Real Mayonnaise is proudly made with real, simple ingredients like cage-free eggs, oil and vinegar. We know that to really "Bring Out The Best," we need to do more than just taste great. Thats why our delicious Blue Ribbon Quality Mayonnaise is made with real eggs, oil and vinegar sourced from trusted American farms. Even after 100 years, were still committed to using premium ingredients to craft the highest quality mayonnaise. It's simple. We use the finest, real ingredients in Best Foods Real. In fact, we use 100% cage-free eggs and are committed to 100% responsibly sourced soybean oil. Our authentic mayonnaise is rich in Omega 3-ALA (contains 650mg ALA per serving, which is 40% of the 1.6g Daily Value for ALA), and is also gluten-free and certified kosher. Its the ideal condiment for spreading on sandwiches and wraps, grilling juicy burgers, mixing creamy dips, and preparing fresh salads. Use it to make outrageously delicious meals like our Parmesan Crusted Chicken and Best Ever Juicy Burger, and even turn your Thanksgiving leftovers into a deliciously creamy meal with our Turkey Casserole. Best Foods is known as Hellmann's East of the Rockies. Discover our recipes, products, information about our sourcing, and more on our website, Bestfoods.com.Best Foods Real Mayonnaise is proudly made with real, simple ingredients like cage-free eggs, oil and vinegar. We know that to really "Bring Out The Best," we need to do more than just taste great. Thats why our delicious Blue Ribbon Quality Mayonnaise is made with real eggs, oil and vinegar sourced from trusted American farms. Use Best Foods real mayo as an ingredient to transform your barbecues and everyday chicken dinners into juicer, more delicious meals. Even after 100 years, were still committed to using premium ingredients to craft the highest quality creamy mayonnaise condiment. It's simple, we use the finest, real ingredients in Best Foods Real Mayonnaise. In fact, we use 100% cage-free eggs and are committed to 100% responsibly sourced soybean oil. Our authentic mayo is rich in Omega 3-ALA (contains 650mg ALA per serving, which is 40% of the 1.6g Daily Value for ALA), and is also gluten-free and certified kosher. Its the ideal mayo for spreading on sandwiches and wraps, grilling juicy burgers, mixing creamy dips, and preparing fresh salads. Use our mayonnaise to make outrageously delicious meals like our Parmesan Crusted Chicken and Best Ever Juicy Burger, and even turn your Thanksgiving leftovers into a deliciously creamy meal with our Turkey Casserole recipe. Best Foods is known as Hellmann's East of the Rockies.
634	health	Bob's Red Mill Medium Grind Cornmeal is different because we leave the germ and bran in! That makes it more nutritious and it retains its natural corn flavor. Try our Medium Grind Cornmeal in your next cornbread recipe and notice the rich flavor and great texture! Also great for corn muffins, hush puppies, breads, cornmeal mush, breading, and dusting pizza and bread pans.
942	taste	Find your moment of zen with this smooth, creamy and balanced blend that has hints of almond, malt and dark chocolate. Equal Exchange is a worker-owned cooperative highly dedicated to Authentic Fair Trade.
50	health	Made with natural ingredients Excellent source of vitamin C
642	gourmet experience	DaVinci Italian Pasta is made with the finest 100% durum wheat semolina and uses the traditional time-honored process of warm air drying for the consistent al dente texture of classic Italian pasta.
186	gourmet experience	Ahmad loose (Ceylon) special blend with earl grey tea, 17.6 Ounce cans (pack of 3) draws upon knowledge and experience gained from three generations of family activity in all areas of the tea trade, from plantations to blending and packaging.
864	taste	Made with savory meat and spices, Jack Link's Sticks are lightly smoked with hickory for unbeatable snacking flavor. Sticks are available in Original, Hot & Spicy, Pepperoni and Teriyaki
975	taste	Brooklyn Bridge Blend is complex and diverse, just like Brooklyn itself. By combining four varieties of 100% Arabica coffee beans with juicy, berry flavors and lighter citrus notes, we have created  for you  one smooth customer. This medium roast has a good balance of strong, rich flavors, making it nice and even. Brooklyn Bean Roasterys Brooklyn Bridge Blend is gonna get you there.
530	health	Lighten up! 50% Less fat and 50% less calories than regular balsamic dressing.
184	health	At yogi we believe the purpose of business is to serve. Yogi was founded on that belief and still uses the idea of business serving as its guiding principle: "feel good, be good, do good." At yogi we are committed to providing healthy, natural teas that are accessible to as many people as possible. With more than 40 years of experience, we strive to support the health and well-being of our consumers by incorporating the highest-quality natural and organic ingredients in our teas. Since our founding in 1969, the holistic teachings of Ayurveda and healthy living have been the inspiration behind yogi. These teachings continue to inform how we develop our products, and we honor and reflect them through the yogi principles.
877	health	Greet your morning with Kelloggs All-Bran Complete Wheat Flakes, a delicious, low-fat breakfast cereal made with simple, wholesome ingredients. A healthy, family-favorite cereal that's perfect for both kids and adults, Kelloggs All-Bran Complete Wheat Flakes are made to enjoy by the bowlful. Each serving provides a good source of 15 vitamins and minerals as well 22-percent of your recommended daily fiber. A travel-ready food, Kelloggs All-Bran Complete Wheat Flakes is an ideal companion for lunchboxes, after-school snacks, and busy, on-the-go moments. Just add your favorite dairy or nut-milk or enjoy as a crispy treat straight from the box. Kelloggs All-Bran Complete Wheat Flakes, a delicious way to feel all-bran new.
853	health	For energy to help you start your morning try a wholesome breakfast with Quaker Raisin, Date & Walnut Instant Oatmeal. The 100% whole grain oats are a good source of fiber. Enjoy the sweet taste of raisins and dates and the satisfying crunch of walnuts while the hearty whole grains help fill you up. Single-serving packets are easy to prepare for a hot breakfast on even the busiest morning. Simply empty the packet contents into a bowl, measure and add hot water, and stir. Your oatmeal is ready to eat only 90 seconds later. The packets are also portable, so you can take one with you and prepare a wholesome bowl of oatmeal anywhere there's hot water.
631	gourmet experience	Green Giant's love affair with vegetables began over 100 years ago in Le Sueur, Minnesota, where glaciers carved out some of the richest soil in the world. We call it our valley. Today, we still have fourth generation farmers who do little things that make a big difference. Like picking each crop at the peak of perfection and freezing it fast to lock in freshness. That's how we make our vegetables unforgettable.
818	taste	Make snack time a little sweeter with the Keebler Elves and KeeblerVienna Fingers Cookies Crme Filled. These delightful treats are fresh from the Hollow Tree and feature buttery sandwich cookies that have been baked to golden perfection and finished with a deliciouscrmefilling. No matter your age, KeeblerVienna Fingers Cookies Crme Filledare perfect for snacks at school, the office, traveling, lunchtime, at the game, and morethe Uncommonly Good options are endless. Try them with ice-cold milk or hot coffeeor take your dessert to the next level and create an indulgent ice-cream sandwich. Satisfy your sweet treat craving with the simple goodness of KeeblerVienna Fingers Cookies Crme Filled.
548	convenience	A soft and chewy granola made with whole grain oats, crunchy roasted peanuts, creamy peanut butter, and a hint of sea salt. Ideal for the trail, these delicious bars are great for snacking at home, school, or at the office, and make a great post-workout bite whether youre in- or outdoors. Snag a bar on your way out the door, keep a box stashed at your desk, or stock your pantry to share with family and friends. Sweet and salty, Kashi Peanut Peanut Butter Chewy Granola Bars are vegan, provide a good source of fiber (contains 6 g total fat per serving), and are Non-GMO Project Verified.
861	health	Annie's Homegrown Organic Cheddar Snack Mix 9 oz. Pretzels & Crackers & Cheese Galore! We work with only trusted suppliers to source only non-GMO ingredients. No Artificial Flavors, Synthetic Colors or Synthetic Preservatives; Organic Cheese from Cows Raised without Antibiotics or Synthetic Hormones; Certified Organic Ingredients are Grown without Persistent Pesticides
316	gourmet experience	Complex four coffee blend with exceptional character blend brings together four coffees from three continents. Full, hearty and distinctively complex, exotic and delicious coffee attributes are blended together to make this delicious nantucket coffee blend. Includes berry tones from east Africa, deep, full-bodied Indonesian, and zesty bright flavors from the Americas. K-Cups are compatible with all Keurig brewers, and are also compatible with the new Keurig 2.0.
830	gourmet experience	Swiss Miss Classics Milk Chocolate with Marshmallow Hot Cocoa Mix is the warm, creamy, and delicious beverage that moms trust and kids love. Made with real milk and delicious mini marshmallows, Swiss Miss Classics Milk Chocolate with Marshmallow Hot Cocoa Mix has the timeless flavor that has delighted kids for generations. Swiss Miss Classics Milk Chocolate with Marshmallow Hot Cocoa Mix contains wholesome chocolate taste in every cup. When the kids have spent hours playing in the snow, reach for Swiss Miss Classics Milk Chocolate with Marshmallow Hot Cocoa Mix for a warm, delicious treat. Each 28.5 Ounce canister of Swiss Miss Classics Milk Chocolate with Marshmallow Hot Cocoa Mix contains 90 calories and 11 grams of sugar per 3 tablespoon serving. This pack contains 12 canisters. Starting with farm-fresh milk, Swiss Miss has been creating its signature blends in a real dairy in Monomonie, Wisconsin for more than 50 years, giving it a wholesome taste in every sip.
986	convenience	Healthy snacking has never been so energizing and so delicious. These grab-and-go snacks are made from the most nutrient-dense plants found in nature including many functional food stars such as chia, hemp, maca, camu-camu and maqui. Navitas Naturals Blueberry Hemp Power Snacks bring together two of North America's most beloved superfoods: blueberries and hemp. The protein-rich hemp seeds and the antioxidant power of the blueberries will keep you going strong on just a few scrumptious bites. Navitas Naturals searches around the globe to obtain the most nutritious, wholesome and sustainably-cultivated ingredients. Now, weve combined some of our favorite organic superfoods in a delicious snack that makes it easier than ever to achieve optimal nutrition.
446	health	Lotus foods brings you forbidden rice ramen, traditional Japanese-style noodles made from our heirloom black rice instead of wheat. In addition to being gluten free, forbidden rice is one of the most nutritious ancient grains. Our forbidden rice ramen has a delicious nutty taste and is a natural source of antioxidants. Add the savory white miso broth to our quick-cook forbidden rice ramen for a convenient bowl of flavorful and nourishing noodle soup. For a complete meal, add your favorite veggies and protein. Ready to eat in just 4 minutes. Great for home consumption or in restaurants and cafes.
825	versatility	Bob's Red Mill Nutritional Yeast is a unique vegan and vegetarian food with a pleasantly cheesy flavor and a powerful nutritional punch! Sprinkle Nutritional Yeast on popcorn, pasta, potatoes or vegetables as a seasoning; add to homemade breads and crackers for great flavor; or use as a base for a vegan "cheese" sauce. Like all of our gluten free-labeled products, this product is processed in a dedicated gluten free facility and R5-ELISA tested to confirm its gluten free status.
502	versatility	Knorr Granulated Chicken Flavor Bouillon is a granulated mix blending flavors of chicken, onion, parsley, and spices. Add the authentic Knorr flavor to all your chicken dishes with this versatile product that is made with natural flavors and is fat free and cholesterol free. Knorr Granulated Bouillon is an essential pantry item with everyday use. The granulated format allows for ultimate versatility for all your cooking needs. Granulated bouillon dissolves more quickly than cubes and 1 tablespoon of granulated bouillon is the equivalent of 1 bouillon cube. Use Knorr Granulated Chicken Flavor Bouillon to enhance flavor in any recipe, like delicious Knorr Chicken Tacos, as well as in other types of dishes like soups, stews, sauces, rice, vegetables, pastas and other chicken dishes. Knorr Granulated Bouillon comes in additional sizes and great flavors including Tomato Chicken, Reduced Sodium Chicken, Beef, and Shrimp so you can be sure to find the Latin flavors your family will love. Knorr believes that good food matters and everyday meals can be just as magical as special occasions. Knorr products owe their taste and flavors to the culinary skills and passion of its chefs. Knorr sources high-quality ingredients to create delicious side dishes, bouillons, sauces, gravies, soups and seasonings enjoyed by families everywhere.
179	health	Amazing grass green superfood offers a full spectrum of alkalizing green superfoods, antioxidant rich fruits, and support herbs united with acai and Maca to provide a powerful dose of whole food nutrition. Green superfood helps you achieve your recommended 5 to 9 daily servings of fruits and vegetables and our finer grind not only provides superior taste, it increases nutrient bioavailability. Green superfood is blended to perfection in a delicious tasting powder, with more organic whole leaf greens per gram than other green superfoods. Enhanced with probiotics and a digestive enzyme blend, green superfood is certified organic by CCOF to ensure every ingredient is of the highest quality and integrity. Nutrition your body needs with 10 delicious flavors and functions youll love. Amazing grass grasses are grown at our family-run farm in Kansas and we are dedicated to the finest and raw ingredients keeping the best of what mother nature has perfect. In the end, making others happy makes us happy people.
875	convenience	A soft and chewy breakfast bar made with a filling made with berries, Kashi Seven Whole Grain Flour, rolled oats, and a touch of honey, these delicious bars are great for snacking at home, school, or at the office, and make a great post-workout bite whether youre in- or outdoors.Snag a bar on your way out the door, keep a box stashed at your desk, or stock your pantry to share with family and friends. Soft and chewy, Kashi Mixed Berry Soft-Baked Breakfast Bars are a good source of fiber (contains 3 grams total fat per serving) and are Non-GMO Project Verified.
226	health	Our multi-grain organic probiotic baby cereal is great for babies ready for a heartier combination of oats, amaranth & quinoa. It is enriched with Choline for Baby's brain and eye health and contains probiotics to support digestive balance.
370	gourmet experience	Treat your taste buds with Knorr Pasta Sides Stroganoff Pasta (4.0oz). Our pasta side dish expertly combines the tangy flavor of real sour cream with the rich taste of mushrooms. Our deliciously seasoned Pasta Sides are great as part of a delicious main dish or as a standalone side dish. Make Knorr Pasta Sides the foundation of a crowd-pleasing dinner. Your family is sure to love the rich mushroom flavor of Knorr Pasta Sides Stroganoff Pasta (4.0oz). On top of tasting delicious, our Stroganoff Pasta is quick and easy to prepare. Knorr Pasta Sides cook in just seven minutes on the stovetop or microwave. Knorr Rice Sides have no artificial flavors making it an excellent choice for creating a family-favorite meal. Use Knorr Sides to create a mouth-watering main dish. Simply prepare Knorr Pasta Sides and add your favorite meat and vegetables to make a dinner your family is sure to love. You can find great recipes from Knorr like our chef-inspired Philly Cheesesteak Skillet -- simply add sliced roast beef, red bell peppers and provolone cheese. Discover more quick and delicious dinner ideas at Knorr.com. There are hundreds of recipes to help you find dinner inspiration. Knorr also has Rice Sides, Fiesta Sides, Italian Sides and more. Knorr offers more than 40 varieties of rice and pasta sides so you can be sure to find flavors your family will love. Knorr believes that good food matters and everyday meals can be just as magical as special occasions. Knorr products owe their taste and flavors to the culinary skills and passion of our chefs. Knorr sources high-quality ingredients to create delicious side dishes, bouillons, sauces, gravies, soups and seasonings enjoyed by families everywhere.
0	taste	Loaded with your favorite wholesome Chex cereal pieces and many fun, flavorful shapes. Mix it up for a unique hot and spicy experience.
594	gourmet experience	Since 1961, C&H Has Produced Baker's Sugar, A Professional-Grade Cane Sugar For Demanding Professional Bakers And Chefs, Sold Only To The Professional Trade. Over Time, More And More Of Our Regular Customers - Serious Home Bakers And Occasional Cooks Alike - Heard About The Velvety Texture And Purity Of Baker's Sugar And Began Asking For It. Now, Try This Special Sugar In Your Own Home...In Cakes, Glazes, Meringues, And Cookies Or Even In A Refreshing Glass Of Iced Tea.
396	taste	Jelly Belly Jelly Beans are a delicious, colorful treat thats fun to eat. These gourmet jelly beans come in 49 of your favorite Jelly Belly flavors. Savor one flavor at a time to experience the true-to-life taste of each Jelly Belly bean. Or, experiment by combining flavors in a Jelly Belly Recipe to create an entirely original (and delicious) taste. Jelly beans are the perfect candy for parties, gifts, giveaways or to enjoy all by yourself. Flavors include A&W Cream Soda, A&W Root Beer, Berry Blue, Blueberry, Bubble Gum, Buttered Popcorn, Cantaloupe, Cappuccino, Caramel Corn, Chocolate Pudding, Cinnamon, Coconut, Cotton Candy, Crushed Pineapple, Dr Pepper, French Vanilla, Green Apple, Island Punch, Juicy Pear, Kiwi, Lemon Drop, Lemon Lime, Licorice, Mango, Margarita, Mixed Berry Smoothie, Orange Sherbet, Peach, Pia Colada, Plum, Pomegranate, Raspberry, Red Apple, Sizzling Cinnamon, Sour Cherry, Strawberry Cheesecake, Strawberry Daiquiri, Strawberry Jam, Sunkist Lemon, Sunkist Lime, Sunkist Orange, Sunkist Pink Grapefruit, Sunkist Tangerine, Toasted Marshmallow, Top Banana, Tutti-Fruitti, Very Cherry, Watermelon and Wild Blackberry. Each one of these jelly beans is just four calories, so you can enjoy them guilt-free. All Jelly Belly Jelly Beans are also gluten free, peanut free, dairy free, fat free, vegetarian friendly, OU Kosher Certified and made in the USA. Best known for putting the gourmet jelly bean on the map, Jelly Belly Candy Company celebrates fun and flavor with a nostalgic offering of gourmet candies and jelly beans in an ever-changing array of new flavors and special collections.
293	health	Nature made adult gummies are perfect for adults who want a tastier, more pleasant way to take vitamins and supplements. Our fiber adult gummies come in delicious, all natural assorted fruit flavors including cherry, strawberry, lemon, orange, sour apple and grape. A great tasting way and excellent source of fiber every day. Ensuring an adequate intake of key nutrients is important to promoting overall health.
257	taste	Delicious granola clusters with real cranberries baked into the cluster.
223	versatility	Bob's Red Mill Super-Fine Almond Flour is a single-ingredient, grain-free almond flour made from whole, skinless blanched almonds and nothing more. Its moist texture and rich, buttery flavor make it a great addition to your baking recipes. Try it in financiers, pie crusts, cakes, or as breading for chicken, fish, or veggies, or make grain-free pancakes and macarons with it! Low carb and 6g of protein per serving. Also check out Bob's Red Mill Natural Almond Flour, which has the skin on! Like all of our gluten free-labeled products, this product is processed in a dedicated gluten free facility and R5-ELISA tested to confirm its gluten free status.
786	versatility	illy issimo offers a range of ready-to-drink coffee made with illy's unique blend of 100% natural Arabica coffee. illy issimo is made with the finest natural ingredients that create the pure pleasure of coffee and awaken the senses while you're on-the-go.
538	taste	With Roasted White Meat Chicken. Discover Great Taste: This soup has tender chunks of white meat chicken, big slices of carrots and celery, and a surprising twist of rotini pasta for a wholesome, satisfying taste. Discover all of the quality soups and ingredients from Progresso.
546	gourmet experience	Ricola is one of the most modern and innovative manufacturers of herb cough drops in the world. Ricola exports more than 40 different ranges of herb drops and teas to over 50 countries. The family-run company has its headquarters in Laufen, near Basel, Switzerland. Founded in 1930 by Emil Richterich, the company is still under family ownership. This is why Ricola values high quality basic ingredients, in particular the herbs, which are cultivated in the Swiss mountains using natural farming methods.
696	health	Wholesome Fair Trade Organic Cane Sugar is made from certified organic sugar cane grown in South America. The cane juice, rich in molasses, is squeezed from fresh sugar cane, evaporated and crystallized. The result is a blonde-colored, perfectly sweet natural sugar that will enhance your favorite coffee, tea, cereal or baked good. Organic sugar is naturally gluten free and can be used as a one-for-one replacement for refined white sugar. Wholesome has a strong commitment to sustainable Non-GMO agriculture. In adherence with strict organic standards, the organic sugar cane fields are green cut and are not burned or treated with herbicides or synthetic fertilizers. This is better for the environment, which ultimately, is better for everyone. This also creates the highest quality, most delicious-tasting unrefined sugar you can find. No chemicals or animal by-products are used to make or decolorize this sugar making it ideal for vegans. The Fair Trade Certified logo is Wholesomes guarantee that our farming cooperatives are paid directly for the cane they grow and mill. This means that farmers can compete with factory farms, cultivate the quality of their crops, send their kids to school and build thriving communities. Thank you for choosing Wholesome
69	taste	Lightly sweet with a hearty bite, our honey cinnamon hot cereal provides protein, fiber and tastiness. Kashi GOLEAN hot cereals give you the goodness of whole grains and protein with a warm touch.
482	taste	Breakfast is the most important meal of the day, so why not make it special? You don't have to be a master chef to make a delicious breakfast. Our Breakfast Blend offers a fresh aroma and smooth taste. It's the little things that make a big difference.
294	health	Nature made VitaMelts zinc provides 100 percent of the daily value (15 mg) of zinc in a smooth-melting tablet to help support your body's natural defense system. VitaMelts zinc tablets melt in your mouth with a great-tasting, natural honey lemon flavor.
6	gourmet experience	Carbon's golden malted chocolate chip waffle and pancake mix is made with great tasting chocolate. Carbon's waffles and pancakes are served world wide and are known for their wonderful aroma, great taste, light texture, and crispy outside (for the waffles).
933	gourmet experience	Martinson Dark Roast is one in a line of taste bud-pleasing coffees. Our Dark Roast blend is for the coffee lover who enjoys a mind massaging flavor experience. Each cup is robust and full-bodied for pure coffee satisfaction. For over 100 years, Martinson coffee has been crafted with the same dedication to quality established by Joe Martinson himself. Back then, Joe would wait at the dock to personally select only the finest beans. He'd then fire-roast them in small batches to bring out the best coffee flavor. Then Joe would hit the streets with his push cart, chatting with folks, telling stories, making them laugh, and of course, selling a few cups of coffee. It's those high standards that make Martinson coffee what it is today, a great-tasting cup of coffee. And the only coffee about which can be said, "It's the Real Joe". Each cup is robust and full-bodied for pure coffee satisfaction. Box of 48 single serve coffee capsules; Compatible for use with Keurig K-Cup Coffee Makers; Martinson and RealCup have no affiliation with Keurig Incorporated or K-Cup RealCup pours perfect taste straight into your cup. Its special brewing process is both art and science, making sure each sip delivers the unique flavor notes and body of your favorite blends. For over 100 years, Joe Martinson has been crafting a great cup of coffee. Legend has it, that the phrase "Cup of Joe" was coined based
752	gourmet experience	Did you know that Pocky is the most popular chocolate covered biscuit in Japan? Pocky is made from expertly crafted biscuit dough that uses the highest quality flour, and a chocolate coating using Cacao grown under the Ecuadorian sun. Combine these with an easy-to-handle stick that keeps chocolate off of your hands, and you've got the ultimate in snacking heaven. With plenty of sticks in each box, Pocky is about sharing happiness with friends, family, co-workers--anyone, anytime, anywhere! Just open a box, pass it around, and watch the smiles and happiness spread.
55	taste	Diet coke is the most popular calorie-free soft drink in america. It's the original sparkling beverage for those who want great flavor without the calories-a drink for those with great taste.
595	taste	What do you get when you combine the flavors of tangy apple with tasty cinnamon and crispy crunchiness? Totally delicious rice snacks that will leave you speechless  mostly because your mouth will be full.
888	health	A gluten free baked rice teething biscuit for babies, Baby Mum-Mum rice rusks are the ideal "first snack" because of their great taste, wholesome ingredients and nutritional value.
475	taste	Imagine Organic Creamy Potato Leek Soup is a home-style favorite updated for the modern palate. Our recipe features farm-grown organic potatoes, sauted leeks and roasted garlic combined in a velvety broth that's delicately seasoned with premium herbs and spices. Use it to flavor-up your layered potato casserole by using as a substitute for cream. Simply heat in the microwave for one minute, then serve. This soup is Non-GMO Project Verified, USDA-Certified Organic and vegan. It also contains no gluten or dairy and is Certified Kosher. Includes one 32 oz. carton of Imagine Organic Creamy Potato Leak Soup. At Imagine, were dedicated to helping you discover a healthier way of life. We offer health-conscious people more than 50 varieties of USDA-Certified Organic soups, broths, culinary simmer sauces and gravies. And when you start with the finest that nature has to offer, the result is extraordinarily delicious and nutritious.
632	taste	HORMEL Chili No Beans is made from a tasty, slow simmered recipe with a savory blend of spicy chili flavors and choice ingredients sure to please. It's perfect for a chili slider. Or 3 chili sliders. No matter the holiday, HORMEL Chili is your go to choice for excellent chili taste. No wonder it's America's #1 chili brand. Welcome to Chili Nation. HORMEL is a trademark of Hormel Foods, LLC.
62	taste	A crispy and delicious new thin pretzel snack - add "with the flavor of 3 cheeses".
215	gourmet experience	Rich, smooth, and complex, with a very full body and multi-layered character. Major Dickason's blend was conceived by one of the first Peetniks and refined by Mr. Peet. Over time, this premier blend has become the epitome of Peet's: flavorful, deeply roasted and unsurpassingly satisfying.
535	taste	U.S. inspected and passed by Department of Agriculture. A zesty and bold flavor featuring tender chunks of chicken, beef andouille sausage, celery, okra, onions, red and green peppers and the perfect blend of spices and seasonings.
182	convenience	Weve got a new crunch to crave. HorizonSnack grahams are made with organic wheat and offer 8g of whole grains per serving. That makes for a delicious, kid-friendly treat any time of day.
490	taste	Your childhood favorite. Just like mom used to make. That's right.it's Peanut butter jelly time. Peanut butter jelly time.
654	health	Creamy puree of sesame seeds. No additives. All natural. Tahini is an all natural creamy puree of sesame seeds that has a light nut-like flavor. Because it contains no emulsifiers or thickeners it may separate. Made in U.S.A.
459	health	Amazing grass Kidz superfood is packed full with 31 rainbow colored fruits and vegtables so you can feel confident that the little ones are getting the nutrition they need. One serving of our Kidz superfood has the antioxidant equivalent of 3 servings of fruits and veggies. With a delicious chocolate flavor and a fantastic wild berry flavor, dont be surprised when your kids start asking for their fruits and veggies. Amazing grass grasses are grown at our family-run farm in Kansas and we are dedicated to the finest and raw ingredients keeping the best of what mother nature has perfect. In the end, making others happy makes us happy people.
636	versatility	Made with real slices of Oscar Mayer bacon, these Bacon Bits have endless possibilities! From salads to baked potatoes to nachos and more, you can add the smoky bacon you love to any dish!
476	taste	Imagine Organic Creamy Light Sodium Garden Broccoli Soup is a light in sodium version of our satisfying country-style broccoli soup. Our recipe is made with farm-grown organic broccoli paired with garlic and onions in a rich, velvety vegetable stock. For a zesty twist, stir in a spoonful of tomato salsa and shredded cheddar cheese. Simply heat in the microwave for one minute, then serve. This soup is Non-GMO Project Verified, USDA-Certified Organic and vegan. It also contains no gluten or dairy and is Certified Kosher. Includes one 32 oz. carton of Imagine Organic Creamy Light Sodium Garden Broccoli Soup. At Imagine, were dedicated to helping you discover a healthier way of life. We offer health-conscious people more than 50 varieties of USDA-Certified Organic soups, broths, culinary simmer sauces and gravies. And when you start with the finest that nature has to offer, the result is extraordinarily delicious and nutritious.
139	health	For those who prefer a calcium chewable tablet, Caltrate 600+D3 Plus Minerals Chewables offers on-the-go convenience in great-tasting orange, cherry and fruit punch flavors. <br><br>If you don't get the calcium you need to support important bodily activities, your body will take the calcium from your bones and this can make them weaker over time. Caltrate 600+D3 Plus Minerals (including magnesium) offers a dual benefit formula that goes beyond calcium for an enhanced bone health formula. In addition to calcium for bone flexibility, key essential minerals like zinc, copper and manganese help support collagen production for flexibility to help keep you moving. (1,3) <br><br>To get the most out of your diet or calcium supplements, you need vitamin D to help absorb the calcium into your body. To help you maximize calcium absorption, Caltrate Plus Minerals has the most vit. D3. Trust Caltrate 600+D3 Plus Minerals Chewables to provide support to keep your bones strong and body moving. (1, 2, 3)<br><br>Also try Caltrate Plus Minerals in full-size and easy-to swallow mini tablets.<br><br>(1) These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. <br>(2) Per tablet; among leading calcium supplement brands.<br>(3) Refers to Copper, Manganese, and Zinc.<br>(4) IRI retail sales data supports that Caltrate is the #1 selling calcium supplement brand in the US
616	health	Made with organic white corn. Made with no genetically engineered ingredients. Ole! you can almost see the Pacific Ocean, and hear the mariachis playing. Time for a great Mexican fiesta. It must be Garden of Eatin' Chili and Lime Tortilla Chips. Garden of Eatin' Chili and Lime tortilla chips are in the totopos tradition of a real Mexican cantina: bigger and lighter white corn chips with a snap to them. We're proud of the taste and crunchiness of our Chili and Lime Tortilla Chips. But most of all, at Garden of Eatin' we're proud of our tradition of creating the finest in all natural snack foods. We use only highest quality organic ingredients. And each batch of chips is made to order. That's what makes Garden of Eatin' snacks so tasty. Garden of Eatin's commitment to selling organic products means understanding that all the decisions we make have consequences--all the way down to the individual farmers we buy from. We are mindful of the soil, water, biodiversity and even worker health. When Al Jacobson founded Garden of Eatin' over 25 years ago, he knew that buying organic crops from farmers who grew them without pesticides and synthetic fertilizers would be better for your health and for the environment as well. Even our oils are different. They aren't extracted chemically. We crush seeds mechanically in a press. It makes a difference you can taste. And the water. It's not just tap water from a big spigot in the manufacturing plant. It's filtered water. Clean. Clear. Fresh. Those little tastebuds on your tongue will tell you right away. Imagine: All the thought and care went into these wonderful, tasty, Chili and Lime Chips. We're so proud of them. And we think you will be too. No preservatives. No hydrogenated oil. Certified Organic by Quality Assurance International (QAI). Product of USA.
454	gourmet experience	Our company processes wild mushrooms with our focus on porcini mushrooms; boletus edulis, boletus aereus and boletus pinicola. We have over 50 years of experience in this business and we know the right places to get the best flavor porcini available today.
75	taste	Triple berry crunch is a delicious blend of whole grains, real strawberries, blueberries and raspberries.
145	gourmet experience	Founded over 120 years ago by the first American to develop a formula for manufacturing milk chocolate, the Hershey's brand creates delicious candies that are known and enjoyed by millions around the world. The KISSES Giant Kiss is the ultimate gift for chocolate lovers. It is crafted from one solid piece of creamy milk chocolate that is formed in the iconic KISSES Chocolates shape. Kosher and gluten-free, KISSES Chocolates have been a favorite American treat since 1907. Wrapped in a classic silver foil with the famous KISSES Chocolates plume, these impressively large KISSES Chocolates are perfect for decorating and creating edible decor. This product ships as one 7-ounce box.
422	taste	From the makers of America's #1 Selling Gummi Bear, say hello to HARIBO Grapefuit. Tart and sweet, these tasty gummi grapefruit slices will awaken your taste buds. Large Grapefruit slices are only available in 5 pound bags. Kids and grown-ups love it so, the happy world of HARIBO
474	health	At imagine were dedicated to helping you discover a healthier way of life. We offer health-conscious people over 50 varieties of USDA certified organic soups, broths, cooking stocks, culinary simmer sauces and gravies. And when you start with the finest that nature has to offer, the result is extraordinarily delicious and nutritious! when it comes to a healthy diet, we also believe that less is more. To that end, all of our soups and broths contain no added MSG, no genetically modified organisms, and no artificial flavors, chemicals or preservatives. We're also committed to fulfilling your special dietary needs. We offer a wide array of products that are low or light in sodium, gluten free, dairy free, kosher, and vegetarian.
707	gourmet experience	De Cecco gently grinds the heart of each grain, mixes it with cold spring water, then kneads the dough slowly. This results in pasta with the exceptional de Cecco aroma, flavor, and consistency. Pasta easily cooks to perfection, has a great firm texture, and a delicious fresh pasta taste. It has a rougher surface, which helps the sauce stick to it. Since 1886 we have liked our pasta to be bronze drawn and slowly dried because we like it to fall into the plate full of taste, rough and always "al dente". Even though our taste has not changed, as we feel the same love for tradition, we have continued to improve our production technologies. Make de Cecco pasta the secret ingredient for your most amazing dishes.Buon Appetito!
124	health	Start a delicious routine to support your bone health with Caltrate Calcium and Vitamin D3 Supplement Gummy Bites. A great alternative to taking calcium supplement tablets, Caltrate calcium and vitamin D3 Gummy Bites are a delicious bone health option. (1)<br><br>If you arent getting enough calcium from your diet, your body steals it from your bones. And, as you age, your body's ability to maintain healthy collagen lessens. Your bones need calcium to stay strong and healthy so you can enjoy the things you want to do each day like walking or playing tennis. (1) What better way to ensure youre replenishing what you need than with a fruity, chewable calcium supplement, that tastes great too?<br><br>With three fruit flavors that taste greatblack cherry, orange and strawberryits easy to add bone health support to your daily routine with Caltrate Calcium and Vitamin D3 Supplement Gummy Bites. (1)<br><br>Backed by over 25 years of nutritional science research, Caltrate is formulated with consideration given to recommendations from the National Academy of Sciences to support bone and overall health. (1) So, its no surprise that Caltrate is the #1 selling calcium supplement brand in the United States and trusted by so many people like you. (2) <br><br>(1) These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. <br>(2) IRI retail sales data supports that Caltrate is the #1 selling calcium supplement brand in the US
15	convenience	Break away from ordinary snacks and try something meaty! MATADOR beef jerky by Jack Link's is a bold move in snacking, with immediate taste satisfaction in an easy-to-open package for an action-packed life. Wherever you go, you can take MATADOR too.
697	taste	Fresher tasting, Firmer Texture, No draining
433	gourmet experience	Tim Hortons first opened its doors in 1964. Since that day, our premium blend coffee has been served only one way - fresh. Our special blend is made with 100% Arabica beans from several of the world's most renowned coffee growing regions and always served within 20 minutes of brewing. Now there's a new way to enjoy the great taste of Canada's favorite coffee anytime with Tim Horton's single serve coffee cups. Compatible for use in keurig K-Cup machines. Tim Horton's and this product have no affiliation with keurig or K-Cup.
586	gourmet experience	A creamy rice entree in the Italian tradition. Low fat. Lundberg Family Farms is proud to present Creamy Parmesan Risotto. Hailed the pasta of Northern Italy, risotto is a deliciously creamy rice dish resulting from the unique cooking properties of Arborio rice. Lundberg Creamy Parmesan Risotto is a rich blend of Lundberg Eco-Farmed California Arborio rice, parmesan and cheddar cheeses, onion, and garlic. From stovetop to table in 2 minutes, Lundberg Risotto is an easy-to-prepare classic Italian gourmet experience. Lundberg Eco-Farmed California Arborio rice is grown on fertile California soil. Sustainable farming practices used to produce Lundberg Eco-Farmed rice include straw incorporation, sensible pest control, cover crops and fallow seasons. We care for our rice from planting to packaging to ensure you'll always receive healthy, high quality rice. Our main priority is to leave the soil, air and water in better condition than we found it.
415	taste	Haribo happy-cola gummy bottles look like real pop bottles and have a real cola flavor. They come in attractive two-toned color and are packed in 5-ounce bags.
97	health	Bear naked peak protein granola is a delicious, soft-baked blend of whole grain oats and tasty cranberries - finished with a kiss of natural vanilla flavor and delivering 6 gram of protein per serving. It's a great combo of natural nutrients with flavor that packs a wallop. Ingredients include whole grain oats, honey, sweetened dried cranberries and more. Bear naked peak protein morning power packs granola, 5 count, 7. 5 ounce.
974	gourmet experience	Caf La Llave, one of the leading Latin coffee brands in the USA, draws its signature rich and aromatic flavor from our origins as espresso roasters in Cienfuegos, Cuba. Our family secrets of espresso roasting tradition yields a balanced and full-bodied cup especially roasted for Latin tastes. Unlock a better day with Caf La Llave. Family owned and operated since 1870.
509	convenience	For twistacular family time, be sure to stock up on these family size bags of TWIZZLERS Strawberry Flavored Twists! Its the classic, crowd-pleasing chewy candy that the whole family can enjoy during snack time, movie night, game day, and even road trips.
366	gourmet experience	Treat your taste buds with Knorr Fiesta Sides Taco Rice (5.4oz). Our rice & pasta blend expertly combines the flavors of tomatoes and real cheddar cheese with a taco-flavored sauce. Our deliciously seasoned Fiesta Sides are great as part of a delicious main dish or as a standalone side dish. Make Knorr Fiesta Sides the foundation of a crowd-pleasing dinner. Your family is sure to love the taco-flavored sauce of Knorr Fiesta Sides Taco Rice (5.4oz). On top of tasting delicious, our Taco Rice is quick and easy to prepare. Knorr Cajun Sides cook in just seven minutes on the stovetop or microwave. Knorr Rice Sides have no artificial flavors making it an excellent choice for creating a family-favorite meal. Use Knorr Sides to create a mouth-watering main dish. Simply prepare Knorr Fiesta Sides and add your favorite meat and vegetables to make a dinner your family is sure to love. You can find great recipes from Knorr like our chef-inspired Beefy Vegetable Taco Pie -- simply add ground beef, tomatoes, shredded cheddar cheese and flour tortillas. Discover more quick and delicious dinner ideas at Knorr.com. There are hundreds of recipes to help you find dinner inspiration. Knorr also has Cajun Sides, Pasta Sides, Italian Sides and more. Knorr offers more than 40 varieties of rice and pasta sides so you can be sure to find flavors your family will love. Knorr believes that good food matters and everyday meals can be just as magical as special occasions. Knorr products owe their taste and flavors to the culinary skills and passion of our chefs. Knorr sources high-quality ingredients to create delicious side dishes, bouillons, sauces, gravies, soups and seasonings enjoyed by families everywhere.
127	health	This season, stock up on Emergen-C Immune+. Emergen-C Immune+ features our enhanced immune support formula thats packed with key nutrients your system needs to promote wellness.* One serving provides 1,000 UI (25 mcg) Vitamin D and 1,000 mg Vitamin C  more than 10 oranges (1). In addition, this Emergen-C dietary supplement contains a proprietary complex with beta-glucans and arabinogalactans, plus Zinc, B Vitamins and electrolytes. Emergen-C powder drink mixes are made with natural, real fruit flavors, plus they have no artificial sweeteners and are caffeine-free. Just add to 4 to 6 ounces of water for a fizzy, fruity boost of goodness. With more than 20 varieties and special formulas, its deliciously easy to pair up Emergen-C dietary supplements to support your wellness goals. Visit EmergenC.com to learn more. Transform your day, every day, with Emergen-C.<br><br>(1) Based on using the USDA.gov nutrient database value for a large, raw orange<br>(2) Antioxidants include Vitamin C, Zinc and Manganese<br> (3) Emergen-Zzzz is a dietary supplement for occasional sleeplessness<br><br>* These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.
142	gourmet experience	Make snack time a little sweeter with the Keebler Elves and the incredible taste of Keebler Soft Batch Chocolate Chip Cookies. These delightful treats are fresh from the Hollow Tree and feature scrumptiously softcookies with real chocolate chips for a yummy, chocolatey burst in every bite. With an enticinghome-baked taste, these delicious cookies have been baked to golden perfection and are made with pantry-perfect staples like enriched flour and real chocolate for a satisfying anytime dessert. No matter your age, KeeblerSoft Batch Chocolate Chip Cookies are perfect for snacks at school, the office, traveling, lunchtime, at the game, and morethe Uncommonly Good options are endless. Try them with ice-cold milk or coffeeor take your dessert to the next level and create an indulgent ice-cream sandwich. Satisfy your chocolate craving with the simple goodness of KeeblerSoft Batch Chocolate Chip Cookies.
151	versatility	Campbell's SpaghettiOs is named after the classic shape that has brought smiles to kids mouths for half a century. With over 100 million cans sold each year, its no surprise this simple, affordable pasta dish has been a family favorite for four generations of Americans.<br><br>For over 50 years, families have turned toSpaghettiOspasta for a quick and delicious dish. Campbell's SpaghettiOs with Meatballs are made with O-shaped pasta in a cheesy tomato sauce with meatballs, packed with 11 grams of protein and 20 % of daily vegetables per 1 cup. Those spoonable little Os are easy and fun for kids to eat butwe dont blame you for stealing a bite. Be a kid with your kid!
742	health	Honest Tea seeks to create and promote great-tasting, organic beverages and extend economic opportunities to communities in need. Founded in 1998 in Bethesda, MD, Honest Tea is the nation's top-selling organic bottled tea company, specializing in beverages that are Just a Tad Sweet. Honest Teas product lines include: ready-to-drink bottled teas, Honest Kids organic thirst quenchers, Honest Freshly Brewed iced tea, and Honest Fizz zero calorie sodas. All drinks are USDA Organic, and all tea leaf varieties and cane sugar are Fair Trade Certified.
209	gourmet experience	Packaged in an exotic hand-made dark mahogany bamboo case, this flowering tea gift set is filled with six bouquets of tea leaves that blossom into a myriad of flavors from sweet and subtle to rich and bold. The stylish glass teapot included is ideal to observe the flowering tea petals.
723	health	Made with whole grain Quaker oats.
307	gourmet experience	Savor the secret of pb2 with premium chocolate. Superior quality peanuts are first slow roasted then pressed to remove the fat and oil. The finest cocoa beans are blended for a natural roasted peanut butter and chocolate flavor that's rich in taste, easy to enjoy and wonderfully healthy.
493	taste	Peppermint, chocolate, and mocha. It's more than coffee - it's a party in a mug.
61	taste	Lay'S kettle Cooked. Jalapeno Cheddar flavored potato Chips.<br>40% Less fat than regular chips.<br>Crafted with care.<br>Fresh Taste of lay's signature potatoes.
108	taste	Kashi hummus crisps deliver bold flavors like sundried tomato basil and feta with a delightfully light crunch. Our air-popped chickpea crisps are made without partially hydrogenated oils or high fructose corn syrup. And with at least 5g of whole grain, 4g of fiber and 3g of protein from each serving, youll serve up a little nutrition with every snack session.
734	taste	Annie Chun's Teriyaki Noodle Bowl have combined layers of soy, shiitake, sesame oil, garlic and ginger with our fresh cooked Hokkien noodles for a quick and healthy meal that's ready in just two minutes. Topped with tofu, carrots, and spinach, you'll be sure to enjoy this vegetarian alternative - especially if you're craving chicken teriyaki without the chicken. Product manufactured in a facility that uses peanuts.
318	taste	Planters has blended delicious Pistachios with crunchy Almonds and Jumbo Cashews for a unique flavor in every bite.
477	taste	Imagine Organic Vegetable Broth is a delicious addition to your favorite stews and recipes. Our broth is made with organic vegetables simmered with savory herbs and seasonings for rich, hearty flavor. It's the perfect base for delicious meals, such as a creamy vegetable risotto or a comforting soup. You'll be able to see, smell and taste the difference that only the best ingredients can make. This broth is Non-GMO Project Verified, USDA-Certified Organic and vegan. It also contains no gluten and is Certified Kosher. Includes one 32 oz. carton of Imagine Organic Vegetable Broth. At Imagine, were dedicated to helping you discover a healthier way of life. We offer health-conscious people more than 50 varieties of USDA-Certified Organic soups, broths, culinary simmer sauces and gravies. And when you start with the finest that nature has to offer, the result is extraordinarily delicious and nutritious.
481	versatility	Imagine Organic Low-Sodium Kosher Free-Range Chicken Broth is a delicious addition to your favorite stews and recipes. This broth is made with organic free-range chicken and vegetables, lightly simmered with savory herbs and seasonings for rich, delicious flavor. You'll be able to see, smell and taste the difference that only the best ingredients can make. Try adding it to chicken and dumplings in a slow cooker for a flavorful dinner. Our broth is Certified Kosher, USDA-Certified Organic, made with non-GMO ingredients and certified by QAI. It's also gluten-free. Includes one 32 oz. carton of Imagine Organic Low-Sodium Kosher Free-Range Chicken Broth. At Imagine, were dedicated to helping you discover a healthier way of life. We offer health-conscious people more than 50 varieties of USDA-Certified Organic soups, broths, culinary simmer sauces and gravies. And when you start with the finest that nature has to offer, the result is extraordinarily delicious and nutritious.
166	versatility	What will it be? bold dark coffee, creamy hot cocoa, relaxing brewed tea, or deliciously decadent flavored coffee?decisions, decisions, but the choice is yours with this assorted sampler box that has a bit of everything.
865	gourmet experience	Its no accident that Lavazza is Italys favorite coffee. Four generations of the Lavazza family have dedicated over 120 years to finding the best blends of coffee beans from all over the world to provide you the authentic Italian experience. The Lavazza Crema e Gusto Ground Coffee Blend is no exception. A mix of Brazilian Arabicas with African and Indonesian Robusta coffees creates a rich dark roast with an intense, fragrant aroma. Youll taste hints of chocolate with every full-bodied sip. This blend is ideally brewed as a traditional Italian espresso but is versatile enough to work with a drip coffee maker, French press, moka pot whatever your favorite method of brewing may be. Enjoy a true taste of Italy that is uniquely Lavazza.
425	health	We dont fool with mother nature our products are exactly what they say they are absolutely nothing is added. We do not add fat, sweeteners, sulfur, sulfites, preservatives, colorings. We do not add anything. All we do is take out the water leaving intense flavor, good color and great nutrients.
700	gourmet experience	The Story of Carr's Biscuits began during the British Industrial Revolution, when Jonathan Carr set up a small bakery in the city of Carlisle, England in 1831. The business thrived, and became so popular that only 10 years later it was granted Queen Victoria's Royal Warrant, an award that has been granted to Carr's by British royalty continuously since that time. Made in England.
195	gourmet experience	New Orleans famous, French market coffee delivers a premium ground single serve cup that is roasted to perfection and allows you to enjoy the best coffee you can find and have come to love. These single serve cups work great at home, office, business, donut shop and college dorm room.
925	taste	Brazil is the largest coffee producer in the world, and offers beans to fit just about every taste. This dark roasted version of our Brazil Santos coffee brings a fuller, richer flavor to this low acid bean. Because of the inherent "softness" of this Brazilian bean, it proves to be our smoothest dark roast coffee.
949	taste	Sweet, smoky, audacious. If there's something worth doing, we think it's worth doing great. This remarkable blend of beans is the spirit of Kicking Horse Coffee, and a bold invitation to wake up and kick ass with us.
655	gourmet experience	Certified Organic. Tree Ripened. Tremendous care and skill are used to grow our crops the old-fashioned way. Organic farmers utilize natural materials that build rich fertile soil. Made In Nature is pleased to bring you delicious, certified organic Dried Apricots with all the flavor and nutrition that Mother Nature intended. Resealable package.
337	gourmet experience	DeBoles Organic Jerusalem Artichoke Inulin Pasta, Elbow Style, 8 Ounce (Pack of 12) is a premium, USDA certified organic handmade pasta made with Jerusalem artichoke inulin. Our signature recipe has a subtle nutty flavor and light smooth texture that is never sticky. Since 1932 DeBoles pasta has been the brand of choice for those seeking healthier lifestyles for themselves and their families. Our extensive line of pastas offers great variety in shapes and flavors to please every palate, including those with special dietary needs. DeBoles maintains its dedication to producing unique and delicious pasta products from the highest quality, all natural and organic ingredients.
871	gourmet experience	Colavita Extra Virgin Olive Oil is the perfect every day oil with delicate flavor that has the perfect balance of fruity and spicy notes. We have sourced selections from new harvest oils to create this traditional Colavita flavor, which has been the trademark of the Colavita family legacy. It is an ideal oil for virtually all of your cooking needs, from light sauteing to drizzling over your favorite dishes. During the colder months, olive oil will congeal during shipping. This is normal, natural, and will not disturb the quality of the oil. Please allow congealed oil to rest at room temperature for 24 hours. Imported from Italy. Contains oil from one or more of the following countries: Italy, Greece, Spain, Portugal.
948	taste	The tropical cacoa tree produces this food of the gods. Our fine cocoa is Dutch processed, rich in flavor and color.
778	health	Chunk Light Tongol Tuna has become the industry standard in almost all health food stores. Because the quality standards are so high for this product, many consumers have made the switch from the chunk light Skipjack product found in regular grocery stores, and recognize that the name Tongol denotes an overall higher quality and better taste. Crown Prince Natural Tongol Tuna is available with or without added salt and is dolphin safe. Try Tongol Tuna in pita pockets with lettuce, tomato and onion; a great way to get the family to try a protein rich food!
653	health	Earth's Best Organic Sesame Street Toddler Snacks make snacking fun for little ones with their favorite Sesame Street friends such as Big Bird, Elmo, and Cookie Monster. With a variety of tasty crackers, cookies, crisps, and bars to choose from, our toddler snacks are perfect for snacking at home or on-the-go. All Earths Best toddler snacks are USDA-Certified Organic, made with non-GMO ingredients, and contain no artificial flavors or colors. Intended for children 2 years and older. From the day that Earths Best was founded in 1985, weve been recognized as a brand dedicated to offering wholesome, safe products for little ones. We believe that babies deserve nutritious fruits handpicked from organic orchards, vegetables grown in natures soil, and foods that are made without genetically engineered ingredients. Offering a wide range of safe and gentle baby care products as well as nourishing foods, Earth's Best products are created with care, using simple ingredients found in nature. Made with love from the ground up, you can trust Earths Best products to be safe for your baby.
51	gourmet experience	Nonnis Biscotti grew out of a true Italian tradition in the little town of Lucca, Italy. There, amongst meandering cobblestone lanes and classic piazzas, our Nonni (an endearing term for Grandma) made biscotti to share with family and friends. When Nonni came to America almost a century ago, she brought the family recipe with her. Today that same family recipe is still used to give our biscotti its light crunchy texture that is delicately sweet.
321	taste	Make snack time more fun with the Keebler Elves and a batch of deliciousKeeblerGrasshopper CookiesMint & Fudge. These delightful treats are fresh from the Hollow Tree and feature delicious fudge-flavored cookiesinfused with mint and covered with a chocolatey coating for decadent snacking. These yummy cookiesare made with pantry-perfect staples like enriched flour and real cocoa for a satisfying anytime dessert treat. No matter your age, Keebler Grasshopper Cookies Mint and Fudgeare perfect for snacks at school, the office, traveling, lunchtime, at the game, and morethe Uncommonly Good options are endless. Satisfy your sweet treat craving with the simple goodness of Keebler Grasshopper Cookies Mint and Fudge.
130	health	To get the calcium and vitamin D your body needs to support healthy bones and muscles and keep you moving, trust Caltrate, the #1 selling brand of calcium supplements in the United States. Your body needs calcium for more than just strong bones; it also plays a role in supporting your everyday activities like muscle contractions, blood clotting and nerve function. However, you need vitamin D to help calcium work for you. If you have a deficiency in vit. D, it can reduce the amount of calcium your body absorbs and can result in weakened or brittle bones, making it harder to maintain your active, healthy lifestyle. With the advanced levels of vitamin D3 in the Caltrate 600 plus D3 supplements, your body can get the help it needs to maximize calcium absorption and keep you moving throughout life. (1,3)<br><br>Caltrate contains calcium carbonate, one of the two most common forms of calcium used in dietary supplements. It is the most concentrated form of calcium, so the tablets can be smaller, allowing for easier swallowing, and you may take fewer. With fewer tablets needed in your daily routine, your bottle of Caltrate 600 plus vitamin D3 may last longer compared to other supplement forms, which contain calcium citrate. Backed by over 25 years of nutritional science research, Caltrate is formulated with consideration given to recommendations from the National Academy of Sciences to support bone and overall health. (1)<br><br>(1) These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. <br>(2) Per tablet; among leading calcium supplement brands.<br>(3) IRI retail sales data supports that Caltrate is the #1 selling calcium supplement brand in the US
688	taste	Life is about balance and eating well. With Wolfgang Puck Soup, look no further! Made with the finest organic ingredients, these restaurant-quality premium soups will be sure to delight your taste buds. It's about time you bought Wolfgang Puck's signature tastes into your home. Live Love Eat<br><br>Wolfgang Puck Organic Free Range Chicken Noodle Soup is made with egg noodles, free-range chicken, organic carrots, onions and sliced celery in a savory organic broth. Simply sprinkle with dill as garnish to enhance the flavor.
268	health	Trust your heart health with Nature MadeFish Oil 1000 mg w. Omega-3 300 mg. Every 2 softgels provide 600 mg of heart healthy omega-3s (500 mg EPA/DHA). Nature Made is the #1 Pharmacist Recommended Brand of Omega-3/Fish Oil*
529	taste	Cheddar cheese lovers, unite! Indulge in savory cheddar cheese flavor wrapped around airy and crispy rice. This delectable snack is full of  you guessed it  cheddary goodness. Quaker Popped Cheddar Cheese Rice Snacks now come gluten free, with a crispy, crunchy texture and cheddar cheese flavor. Each 30-gram serving contains 130 calories. Quaker Popped Cheddar Cheese Rice Snacks contain 14 grams of whole grains per serving (See nutrition information for sodium content) and are a satisfying, crunchy snack you can feel good about.
278	health	Nature made fish oil 1200 mg is guaranteed to meet our high quality standards  it is made from carefully selected ingredients under strict manufacturing processes.
643	health	Pacific Foods Enriched Soy Beverage is great-tasting non-dairy beverage with great nutrition, thanks to added calcium and vitamins A and D. Starting with organic soybeans, we've added a touch of sweetness and a whole lot of essential minerals and vitamins for a refreshing beverage that's as nutritious as it is delicious. This original-flavor soy beverage is an excellent source of riboflavin, vitamins B6, B12, D and E, and is enriched with calcium and magnesium. This beverage is also low-fat, lactose, cholesterol, and gluten free, and vegan. For full flavor, give the container a good shake, and refrigerate after opening. Pacific Foods Enriched Soy Beverage comes in a 32-ounce container. At Pacific Foods, we believe that making foods we're proud of is as much about the ingredients we use as it is about the actual recipe. We steer clear of additives, preservatives, and avoid GMOs. The way we see it, nature knows how foods should taste, and we just try to follow her lead.
368	gourmet experience	Treat your taste buds with Knorr Pasta Sides Butter Pasta (4.5oz). Our pasta side dish expertly combines pasta with a simple, delicate butter sauce. Our deliciously seasoned Pasta Sides are great as part of a delicious main dish or as a standalone side dish. Make Knorr Pasta Sides the foundation of a crowd-pleasing dinner. Your family is sure to love the simple, delicate butter sauce of Knorr Pasta Sides Butter Pasta (4.5oz). On top of tasting delicious, our Butter Pasta is quick and easy to prepare. Knorr Pasta Sides cook in just seven minutes on the stovetop or microwave. Knorr Rice Sides have no artificial flavors making it an excellent choice for creating a family-favorite meal. Use Knorr Sides to create a mouth-watering main dish. Simply prepare Knorr Pasta Sides and add your favorite meat and vegetables to make a dinner your family is sure to love. You can find great recipes from Knorr like our chef-inspired Creamy Chicken Pasta Florentine -- simply add cooked chicken, leaf spinach, and Italian blend cheese. Discover more quick and delicious dinner ideas at Knorr.com. There are hundreds of recipes to help you find dinner inspiration. Knorr also has Rice Sides, Fiesta Sides, Italian Sides and more. Knorr offers more than 40 varieties of rice and pasta sides so you can be sure to find flavors your family will love. Knorr believes that good food matters and everyday meals can be just as magical as special occasions. Knorr products owe their taste and flavors to the culinary skills and passion of our chefs. Knorr sources high-quality ingredients to create delicious side dishes, bouillons, sauces, gravies, soups and seasonings enjoyed by families everywhere.
196	versatility	Use Knox Gelatin to create desserts, salads, main dishes, jams and jellies, even ice cream and frozen yogurt.
178	gourmet experience	Ahmad tea of London draws upon knowledge and experience gained from three generations of family activity in all areas of the tea trade from plantations to blending and packaging. The name of Ahmad tea is synonymous with the very finest teas. The company was established with the belief that our reputation must be founded on the quality of our teas. The commitment to quality remains today. It is reflected in the image, branding, and packaging of the entire Ahmad tea product range and has led to sales in more than seventy counties, spanning across five continents. Tea drinking in Britain was established in the 17th century. Since then, it has been an integral part of the way of life. British firms have also been at the heart of the global tea trade. Today, Ahmad tea of London upholds this heritage with superb English teas that are enjoyed by discerning tea drinkers all over the world. Ahmad tea products are subject to rigorous quality control procedures from tea bush to the factory. Only the finest, freshest, and most flavorful tea leaves are selected by our expert tea tasters to ensure that every single cup of tea bearing the Ahmad tea name matches the high expectations of our customers.
326	taste	Make snack time sweet with JOLLY RANCHER Candy. Delight in a burst of powerful fruity flavor with this assortment of original flavor JOLLY RANCHER Candy treats. Fill candy bowls for everyday snacking or special occasions with this sweet and fruity treat. Each piece of cherry, watermelon, green apple, and blue raspberry flavored candy is individually wrapped for a conveniently portable snack. Made with natural and artificial flavors, JOLLY RANCHER Candies are a fat-free food. This product ships as one 5-pound box.
201	taste	HersheyS chocolate miniatures assortment (milk chocolate, dark chocolate, milk chocolate with crisped rice, and milk chocolate with peanuts), 40-ounce bag. Hersheys chocolate miniatures assortment (milk chocolate, dark chocolate, milk chocolate with crisped rice, and milk chocolate with peanuts), 40-ounce bag. Good things really do come in small packages. You and your family will love choosing favorites from this assortment of Hersheys milk chocolate bars, Hersheys special dark chocolate bars, Krackel milk chocolate bars with crisped rice, and Mr. Goodbar chocolate bars with peanuts.
641	health	Goya Black Beans are made up of high iron and protein, and a perfect substitute for red meat. They help with energy production, are good for the heart, and are high in fiber.
791	convenience	Break Time. Anytime. With KIT KAT Minis Candy! These crisp wafers coated in creamy milk chocolate are a sweet treat at home, at the office, or on the go.
961	taste	Conceived by one of the first peetniks and refined by Mr. Peet, this premier blend is our all-time bestseller. Flavor notes: rich, smooth, and complex, with a very full body and multi-layered character.
291	health	Biotin is an important nutrient for healthy hair, skin and nails. Biotin also supports healthy carbohydrate, protein and fat metabolism.
839	convenience	Make snack time sweet with JOLLY RANCHER Hard Candy. Delight in a burst of powerful fruit flavor with this assortment of JOLLY RANCHER Candy treats. Fill candy bowls for everyday snacking or special occasions with this sweet and fruity treat. Each piece of cherry, watermelon, green apple, grape, and blue raspberry flavored candy is individually wrapped, perfect for a snack on the go. Made with natural and artificial flavors, JOLLY RANCHER Candies are a fat-free food. This product ships as 20-ounce bags in a pack of 12.
649	versatility	Bob's Red Mill Coconut Flakes are an unsulfured, unsweetened baking and snacking essential. Add these flakes to homemade granolas and trail mixes, or top your favorite hot cereal for a tropical twist. Toast them to top baked goods, use them for cake decorating, or snack on them straight out of the bag!
455	taste	Like standing in a subway car and holding on to theabove-the-head grab bar, making a great medium roast requires a bit of a balancing act. You want to get a strong, rich flavor that stays smooth and has a very even texture all at the same time. Each of the Brooklyn bean mediums are specially crafted to bring outaperfect balance of crisp nuttiness and full-bodied smoky flavor for the most extraordinary tasting stuff in a cup.themedium Variety pack includes: boardwalk blend, Brooklyn bridge blend, Colombian, corner donut shop.
79	versatility	Crispy, crunchy, and a little bit toasty, KashiFire Roasted Veggie Crackersare a delicious, plant-based cracker perfect for anytime snacking. Craftedwith our Seven Whole Grains and Sesame Flour and a vegetable blend of roasted red and green bell peppers, these crackers are great on their own or with dips, spreads, and more, and are perfect for party spreads. A travel-ready food, pack a snack to enjoy at work, as an afternoon pick-me-up at school, or savory bite during your commute. With 19 grams of whole grain in every serving, KashiFire Roasted Veggie Crackers are vegan and Non-GMO Project Verified.
869	health	Get a little support with your weight-management plan by having a wholesome and flavorful breakfast choice of Quaker Weight Control Instant Oatmeal. Made with 100% whole grain oats, Weight Control Oatmeal contains 7 grams of protein and 6 grams of fiber for a hearty bowl of oatmeal that helps fill you up. The flavors of maple and brown sugar ensure you don't have to sacrifice taste.
193	gourmet experience	Experience the tradition of authentic southern foods and beverages that capture our traditions from south Lousiana to the outer banks. Since 1902 we've been bringing you the flavors and refreshment that define the American south. Our assortment of refreshing iced teas, rich coffees, zesty sauces, creamy mayonnaise, and other authentically southern products will bring your family the simple joy of an afternoon on a front porch. So find your front porch with our many quality products.
438	versatility	Treats are decorative as well as sweet with JOLLY RANCHER Hard Candy. Delight in a burst of powerful watermelon flavor with this pack of JOLLY RANCHER Candy confections. Stock candy bowls at home or the office for everyday snacking, or add a decorative touch to events such as baby showers with this sweet and fruity treat. Each piece of watermelon flavored candy is individually wrapped for easy snacking. Made with natural and artificial flavors, JOLLY RANCHER Candies are a fat-free food. This product ships as one 2-pound box.
983	health	Celtic Sea Salt fine ground is the same type of salt as our coarse light grey celtic variety from the coastal region of france, only dried at a low temperature then finely ground. Celtic Sea Salt fine ground has no additives and is not processed in any way beyond drying and grinding. With a more subtle flavor than that of the coarser variety, it is an all-purpose shaker salt convenient for use at the table or in baking. Our Celtic Sea Salt fine ground is kosher certified, hand harvested, and certified nature et progrs, the highest level of certification allowed in france. Celtic Sea Salt products never contain anti-caking agents, bleaching agents, or additives of any kind. Celtic Sea Salt products are highly recommended by many health professionals and culinary chefs, and it is no surprise why. With a natural balance of minerals and trace elements, Celtic Sea Salt products are a beneficial addition to most diets. As a natural salt, Celtic Sea Salt products are an important source of natural sodium chloride, which is vital for good health in small amounts. Unlike ordinary table salts, Celtic Sea Salt products provide potassium, magnesium and other important trace minerals. Celtic Sea Salt products impart a rich, exceptional flavor that enhances the taste of any dish. Use as a replacement for ordinary table salt in cooking, baking, or to season dishes before serving. In order to preserve optimal freshness and taste, we recommend storing Celtic Sea Salt products in a glass, wooden or ceramic container with a loose fitting lid. Celtic Sea Salt products are harvested in a way that preserves the delicate balance of ocean minerals. We hope you enjoy our wonderful salts.
731	taste	Full of wholesome goodness and irresistible flavor, because we use only the finest ingredients.
63	health	Vega sport performance protein is made exclusively from plant-based, whole food ingredients to provide a balanced, full-spectrum amino acid profile. Functional ingredients incorporate BCCAS leucine, isoleucine, and valine to help stimulate protein synthesis, and 5,000 mg of l-glutamine to help repair muscle cells after exercise. Enjoy Vega sport performance protein 45 minutes after your workout as part of the recovery stage of the Vega sport nutrition system. Shake-And-Go with ice-water or non-dairy milk or blend it into your favorite smoothie.
43	health	Start your morning with the wholesome nutrition and flavor of Arrowhead Mills Puffed Millet Cereal. Made with puffed whole grain millet, our cereal is low in fat and has no added salt or sugar. With 15 grams of whole grains and only 60 calories per serving, you can feel good about giving our puffed millet cereal to your family. It is also Certified Kosher and has no trans fat. Simply serve with a splash of milk or enjoy on its own as a crunchy snack. Includes one 6 oz. bag of Puffed Millet Cereal. Arrowhead Mills brand was born in the Texas Panhandle back in 1960. Weve grown, but we havent changed how we do things. Were still using our same trusted milling process and building long-term relationships with our organic growers, working with them face-to-face, day-to-day. Hard work, honesty, kindness, and business with a handshake  thats our process. Thats the Arrowhead way. Its how we bring the awesome goodness of the land to your table, and were real proud of it.
304	health	Nicorette Nicotine 4mg Mini Lozenges in Mint helps you manage your nicotine withdrawal symptoms while quitting smoking. Nicorette Nicotine Mini Lozenges are discreet, and can relieve nicotine cravings in as little as 3 minutes,* helping you stay strong during cravings when quitting smoking. The nicotine mini lozenge medicine continues to manage cravings long after the lozenge is gone, while the small size offers a discreet, yet effective form of a stop smoking aid. The convenient dispenser fits easily in a pocket or purse, making them portable and perfectly suited to help you quit smoking on the go. Nicorette Nicotine Mini Lozenge is the ideal smoking cessation aid for smokers who: want to control their daily nicotine intake, want a convenient way to quit smoking for good, want to help curb and manage their nicotine cravings, want to use a discreet method of nicotine replacement therapy, and prefer not to or cannot chew gum. <br><br> If you smoke more than 10 cigarettes a day, start your smoking cessation with 4mg nicotine mini lozenges. For 10 cigarettes or less per day, start with 2mg nicotine mini lozenges. Learn how to properly utilize Nicorette Nicotine Mini Lozenges below, to help you not only manage nicotine cravings, but quit smoking for good.<br> *4mg only
854	taste	When you crave a crunch, grab some sweet graham goodness! Now You're Golden(R).
894	health	At Happy Family, we aim to provide your little ones with the nutrition they need to grow & shine. Our Happy Munchies are the answer to snack time for babies and toddlers ready for a little crunch. Organic corn puffs are dusted with organic vegetable powder and cheddar cheese, then fortified with vitamins and minerals - making these snacks a perfect way to provide your little ones with extra nutrients.
359	taste	Enjoy the deliciously light, creamy taste of Americas #1 Light mayonnaise! With 100% cage-free eggs, 35 calories per tablespoon and 3.5g of fat per serving, Hellmanns Light Mayonnaise has less than half the fat and calories but all of the rich, creamy flavor of Hellmanns Real. And people really love its taste: Hellmanns Light Mayonnaise won a national blind taste test of leading brands among people with a preference. Its so good most people cant tell the difference versus regular mayonnaise. However, we know that to really "Bring Out The Best," we need to do more than just taste great. Thats why our delicious Blue Ribbon Quality Mayonnaise is made with 100% cage-free eggs, oil and vinegar sourced from trusted American farms. Even after 100 years, were still committed to using premium ingredients to craft the highest quality mayonnaise. In fact, we use 100% cage-free eggs and are committed to 100% responsibly sourced soybean oil. Our deliciously creamy light mayonnaise is a good Source of Omega 3-ALA (contains 230mg ALA per serving, which is 14% of the 1.6g Daily Value for ALA) and is also gluten-free and certified kosher. It is the ideal condiment for spreading on sandwiches and wraps, grilling juicy burgers, mixing creamy dips, and preparing fresh salads. Use it to make outrageously delicious (and nutritious!) dishes like our Spinach & Almond Crusted Chicken, Black Bean & Corn Salsa and Spinach and Lemon Crusted Dill Cod. Hellmanns is known as Best Foods West of the Rockies. Discover our recipes, products, information about our sourcing, and more on our website, Hellmanns.com.
84	gourmet experience	For over a century, the name Roses has been trusted by bartenders and cocktail enthusiasts alike as an indispensable mixer. The rich taste of Roses Grenadine is made with the unique taste of pomegranate flavor, and its sweetened for ultimate mixability into your favorite spirits and cocktails. Roses Grenadine is also a perfect accent for non-alcoholic beverages to add a splash of color and flavor. When it comes to a quality mixer, there are no exceptions or substitutions for the trusted brand Roses.
930	taste	Dont let the name stop you  this coffee is called Poor Man's Blend  because of its distinction as one of our lowest priced blends, this mix of South American and Indian coffee beans is still of excellent quality. Offering a strong, full-flavored brew with notes of citrus, sugar cane, and dark chocolate, these versatile gourmet coffee beans are great for drip coffeemakers, pour over, French press, percolator, and reusable K-Cups. We also recommend this coffee to customers interested in using roasted coffee for projects, displays, centerpieces, or other artistic pursuits because of its low cost.
282	health	Trust your magnesium supplement needs to nature made magnesium 250 mg. Fifty percent of the us population has inadequate dietary intake of magnesium. Magnesium participates in more than 300 reactions in the body and is critical to many bodily functions such as promoting a steady heart rhythm, keeping bones strong, and converting carbohydrates, protein, and fat into energy. Nature made magnesium 250 mg is a perfect dose for those who do not consume 100% of the 400 mg recommended daily allowance of magnesium in their daily diet.
472	versatility	Spice up your favorite recipes with Imagine Culinary Organic Louisiana Creole Simmer Sauce. Our original recipe features a blend of organic tomatoes, vegetables and spices to add a zesty Creole-inspired kick to any meal. Simply add our Louisiana Creole sauce to a skillet with beef, chicken or tofu for a simple and delicious dinner. Makes four to five servings - just add a protein of your choice. Our sauce is made with non-GMO ingredients and is USDA-Certified Organic. It is also gluten-free. Includes one 10 oz. pouch of Imagine Culinary Organic Louisiana Creole Simmer Sauce. At Imagine, were dedicated to helping you discover a healthier way of life. We offer health-conscious people more than 50 varieties of USDA-Certified Organic soups, broths, culinary simmer sauces and gravies. And when you start with the finest that nature has to offer, the result is extraordinarily delicious and nutritious.
452	health	Amazing meal is a powerful blend of plant based proteins, green superfoods, phtyo nutrient rich fruits and vegetables, digestive enzymes and probiotics. This organic, raw, vegan, cold processed powerhouse was made the way mother nature intended. Comes in 3 flavors - original, chocolate and pomegranate mango.
152	gourmet experience	Founded over 120 years ago by the first American to develop a formula for manufacturing milk chocolate, the Hershey's brand creates delicious candies that are known and enjoyed by millions around the world. KISSES Candy Cane Mint Candies combine the luscious flavor of white crme with the refreshing crunch of peppermint for a tasty treat that's tough for guests to resist. They are the perfect chocolatey alternative to traditional candy canes and add a subtle minty kick to holiday desserts and baked goods. Wrapped in festive silver and red foils, these candies are ideal for layering in centerpieces and creating edible decor. OU Kosher Certified, HERSHEY'S Chocolate and candies have been an American favorite since 1894. This product ships as one 33-ounce bag.
159	taste	Elegantly inviting, hills bros. Cappuccinos offer a variety of flavors for a rich and creamy treat, just right anytime.
966	taste	Haribo Twin Cherries are beautifully colored red fruit gum cherries on green stems with the real taste of cherry. It is packed in 5-pound bags for maximum enjoyment, contains approximately 44 pieces per pound.
774	taste	Our secret is that we use ingredients based on taste alone, regardless of cost or technical challenge. For instance, rose oil is highly precious, but it complements ginger in a unique way that we love, so we use it. And real ginger solids add unmistakable depth. So, although they make Q Ginger somewhat cloudy, and sometimes precipitate on the bottom of the bottle, we used them too. Shake gently before opening. Q Ginger is a superior ginger ale. One that tastes sharp and delicious like ginger ale should and is better for you, with half the calories and all natural ingredients. Enjoy.
81	versatility	Hidden Valley Greek Yogurt Dips Mix, Original Ranch, helps you make a dip with fewer calories* as prepared, compared to our regular Hidden Valley Original Ranch Dry Mixes prepared the traditional way, in minutes. Just mix the packet with nonfat Greek Yogurt and you're done. Serve this dip with cut vegetables, crackers or pretzels. For a quick and spicy appetizer, combine roasted red peppers and ground cumin and serve with pita bread cut into wedges. You can also sprinkle this gluten- free dip mix over hot buttered popcorn for a perfect party food. Make everything taste better with Hidden Valley.
188	convenience	Jif chocolate peanut powder comes in a convenient, resealable pouch to keep product fresh. Pouch design makes scooping and measuring easy and mess free. Enhance your favorite recipes with the delicious taste combination of chocolate and peanut. Add dry powder to smoothies, baked goods, dips, oatmeal, savory sauces and more.
841	gourmet experience	From its humble beginnings in 1877 as a small shop and bakery in Parma, Italy, Barilla has grown and strived to become the internationally trusted brand of pastas, sauces and Italian entres that it is today. Our mission is to help people live better by bringing well-being and the joy of eating into their everyday lives. Barilla values its customers and employees, and believes that a sense of belonging, courage, and intellectual curiosity inspire our companys behavior and characterize our people. Barilla has always linked its development to customers wellbeing and to the communities in which it operates. The Italian food tradition of superior quality and simple recipes is alive and well with Barillas line of Italian products. Let us transport you with our delicious and high quality pastas.
929	taste	Our own blend of South American and African beans, this coffee is a full French roast and offers a rich and robust flavor. The beans are oily and roasted to a dark brown color. French Roast is close to having an espresso flavor, but is a quite a bit smoother (in fact, some customers prefer to use this bean as their espresso).
843	convenience	Frito-Lay Flavor Mix Multipack provides the perfect portion size and variety to keep your entire family happy. From the pantry to the lunch box, all you have to do is grab a pack and go! Frito-Lays Flavor Mix Multipacks are easy to carry, easy to store and easy to pack its the perfect staple for every pantry. The Flavor Mix Multipack features six different, delicious flavors: LAY'S Sour Cream & Onion Flavored Potato Chips; LAY'S Barbeque Flavored Potato Chips; CHEETOS Crunchy Cheese Flavored Snacks; DORITOS Nacho Cheese Flavored Tortilla Chips; DORITOS Cool Ranch Flavored Tortilla Chips, and FRITOS Chili Cheese Flavored Corn Chips.
608	health	Stone Wheat Thins smack crackers. Low Saturated Fat. No Cholesterol.
787	gourmet experience	Made with a powdered green tea traditionally used in Japanese tea ceremonies, Matcha is revered for its rich herbaceous taste and potent naturally occurring antioxidants.
440	gourmet experience	Explore a distinctive chocolate tasting experience with the SCHARFFEN BERGER Petite Baking Squares. Bring sophistication into the kitchen with this bulk bag of baking chocolate. With its rich, pure complexity, this 70% cacao bittersweet chocolate is ideal for recipes requiring dark chocolate. Easy to melt and measure, this bulk pack of petite baking squares is an economical and convenient way to add a new dimension to desserts with this exceptional artisan chocolate. SCHARFFEN BERGER Chocolate is Kosher certified and is a gluten-free food. This product ships as one 5-pound, resealable bag.
140	health	Keep breath fresh with ICE BREAKERS COOL BLASTS Chews. Enjoy icy cool refreshment fast with these ICE BREAKERS COOL BLASTS Chews. With all of the powerful minty flavor of original ICE BREAKERS Mints, these chews bring the same refreshment in half the time. Keep a convenient pack in the car, a pocket, or a drawer for instant minty refreshment anytime. Consuming multiple chews at once or drinking beverages simultaneously intensifies the cooling mint flavor experience. Slide-out trays individually seal each chew, maintaining freshness while making it easy to pop one out whenever needed. This product ships as 0.8-ounce packages in a pack of 6.
334	health	Kaytee forti-diet pro health is a seed-based blend of fresh, palatable seeds, grains and fortified supplements that provides the essential nutrients your pet needs for a long, healthy life. With DHA omega-3 - supports heart, brain and visual functions rich in natural antioxidants - for general health and immune support probiotics and prebiotics -natural ingredients that aid in digestive health naturally preserved - for ideal freshness enhances feathers and coloring.
372	convenience	Stay satisfied with HORMEL COMPLEATS Noodles & Chicken. Made with wholesome white meat chicken and egg noodles, along with bits of carrots and peas and a delicious, creamy gravy. HORMEL COMPLEATS meals make a great easy dinner and are perfect for any quick meals, with little prep needed or clean-up required. Real food, real fast. COMPLEATS is a trademark of Hormel Foods, LLC.
312	taste	Theres happy, and then theres HERSHEY'S Happy. Made of delicious, gluten-free chocolate, this HERSHEY'S Milk Chocolate Bar makes life delicious!
286	health	A large number of adults in the us have low levels or are deficient in magnesium. This product offers the highest safe dose to help restore healthy levels for these individuals. Maximum strength for individuals diagnosed with low levels of magnesium helps restore healthy levels of magnesium in adults with very low levels supports essential nerve, muscle and heart function.
777	gourmet experience	In 1872, an Englishman, Elliot Stubb disembarked in Peru with the aim of opening a bar. In his bar, Stubb's signature cocktail was a "sour," which was made with whiskey, a citrus mix and sugar. The new drink spread to social clubs and eventually became lemon based in the USA for such drinks as Whiskey Sours & the Old Fashioned. Our mix is incredibly versatile and contains only the finest natural ingredients, perfectly blended for a wide range of cocktails.
211	health	Amazing grass green superfood offers a full spectrum of alkalizing green superfoods, antioxidant rich fruits, and support herbs united with acai and Maca to provide a powerful dose of whole food nutrition. Green superfood helps you achieve your recommended 5 to 9 daily servings of fruits and vegetables and our finer grind not only provides superior taste, it increases nutrient bioavailability.
558	health	100% Natural. Made the old fashion way! Because Adams 100% Natural contains no stabilizers, oil separation may occur. Just mix in the natural oil and enjoy! No added stabilizers. No preservatives.
407	versatility	This 75 piece assortment of snack size chocolate has something for everyone. Enjoy snack size HERSHEY'S Milk Chocolate Tombstones, HERSHEY'S Cookies 'n' Crme Tombstones, REESE'S Peanut Butter Pumpkins, and YORK Peppermint Pattie Pumpkins. Perfect for harvest candy bowls and handing out on Halloween night.
596	gourmet experience	Guaranteed To Be The Finest You've Ever Eaten Or Your Money Back.
410	taste	Two-Toned, sugar-dusted "peaches" are an international favorite. Peach flavors are so natural you'll be sure you've bitten into a fresh Georgia peach. They are packed in 5-pound bags.
253	convenience	Light, toasty, buttery crackers made with real peanut butter, Keebler Toast and Peanut Butter Sandwich Crackers Snack Packs are a satisfying snack for any occasion. Conveniently packaged to fit your busy lifestyle, its easier than ever to grab a pack and go. Deliciously crafted, these incredible crackers make a wonderful standalone snack and go great with soups and salads. Add them to your party platter, pack em for lunch, and keep them on hand for a simple snack at school, work, or at home.
673	health	Organic Pasta. 100% Stone Ground. Whole Durum Wheat. Exceptional tasting whole wheat pasta. Enjoy the health benefits of whole wheat pasta without sacrificing great flavor. Bionaturae Organic whole wheat pasta is made in a century-old pasta factory in Tuscany, Italy. This third generation of pasta artisans makes exceptionally great tasting whole wheat pasta that cooks to the perfect texture. We start with superior wheat, grown with care and tradition on small family farms. Our whole wheat pasta is dried slowly and naturally at low temperatures. This delicate process preserves the original nutrients and exceptional flavor of our durum wheat. We guarantee you will enjoy the difference. Thank you for supporting our commitment to old world traditions! Grown and processed in accordance with the California Organic Foods Act of 1990. Made in Italy.
122	health	A highly concentrated, effective extract of milk thistle. Supplies a standardized 30:1 extract yielding 80% total flavonoids. Boosts immune response in clinical trials.
115	convenience	Pop-Tarts Frosted Chocolate Fudge toaster pastries are a delicious treat to look forward to. Jump-start your day with a gooey, chocolate fudge-flavored center encased in a crumbly, chocolatey pastry crust and topped with sweet, decadent frosting. A quick and tasty anytime snack for the whole family, Kelloggs Pop-Tarts toaster pastries are an ideal companion for lunch boxes, after-school snacks, and busy, on-the-go moments. Just pop them in your toaster or enjoy them right out of the pouch with a glass of ice-cold milk.
374	gourmet experience	Treat Your Taste Buds With Knorr Pasta Sides Parmesan Pasta (4.3Oz). Our Pasta Side Dish Expertly Combines A Parmesan And Romano-Flavored Cheese Sauce With Green Onion And Garlic. Our Deliciously Seasoned Pasta Side Dishes Are Great As Part Of A Delicious Main Dish Or As A Standalone Side Dish. Make Knorr Pasta Sides The Foundation Of A Crowd-Pleasing Dinner. Your Family Is Sure To Love The Parmesan And Romano-Flavored Cheese Sauce Of Knorr Pasta Sides Parmesan Pasta (4.3Oz). On Top Of Tasting Delicious, Our Pasta Dishes Are Quick And Easy To Prepare. Knorr Pasta Sides Cook In Just Seven Minutes On The Stovetop Or Microwave. Knorr Rice Sides Have No Artificial Flavors Making It An Excellent Choice For Creating A Family-Favorite Meal. Use Knorr Sides To Create A Mouth-Watering Main Dish. Simply Prepare Knorr Pasta Sides And Add Your Favorite Meat And Vegetables To Make A Dinner Your Family Is Sure To Love. You Can Find Great Recipes From Knorr Like Our Chef-Inspired Spinach & Artichoke Chicken With Creamy Pasta -- Simply Add Skinless Chicken, Frozen Chopped Spinach And Artichoke Hearts. Discover More Quick And Delicious Dinner Ideas At Knorr.Com. There Are Hundreds Of Recipes To Help You Find Dinner Inspiration. Knorr Also Has Rice Sides, Fiesta Sides, Italian Sides And More. Knorr Offers More Than 40 Varieties Of Rice And Pasta Sides So You Can Be Sure To Find Flavors Your Family Will Love. Knorr Believes That Good Food Matters And Everyday Meals Can Be Just As Magical As Special Occasions. Knorr Products Owe Their Taste And Flavors To The Culinary Skills And Passion Of Our Chefs. Knorr Sources High-Quality Ingredients To Create Delicious Side Dishes, Bouillons, Sauces, Gravies, Soups And Seasonings Enjoyed By Families Everywhere.
572	health	SOY DREAM Enriched Original Organic Soymilk , 32 Fluid Ounce. Soy Dream Enriched Original Soymilk is a rich, delicious way to make dairy milk a thing of the past. It is certified organic, high quality and delicious beyond compare. Enjoy us for our taste but love us ever more for our lactose-free goodness. With 7 grams of non-GMO soy protein per serving, it's simply smart to make Soy Dream brand part of your wholesome, productive lifestyle. On cereal, fruit or in your favorite recipes, we deliver on our promise of a delightfully delicious Dream. Without Limits. This shelf-stable packaging protects flavor, nutritional value and maintains freshness and quality without preservatives or refrigeration. And it stores conveniently in your pantry, unopened, up to one year.
762	gourmet experience	Everyone loves the flavor of Backyard Barbeque - smoky, spicy, tangy and sweet. But, it's the sublime feeling of a classic summertime barbeque that we really love. Good friends, cold drinks, tasty grub. Those long, slow evenings whiling away the time like there's no tomorrow. These Backyard Barbeque beauties are all that, and a bag of chips. Seriously. Sit back and savor summer's sweet embrace. When you open a bag of Kettle Brand potato chips, you know you're getting the best tasting, natural chips made with real ingredients by real people. Made in the U.S.A.
453	taste	Keep hydrated while enjoying the yummy, perfectly balanced taste of lemon oils and juices and, for sweetness, the natural goodness of stevia and sugar - all for just 10 calories per stick packet! Made from simple & clean ingredients, each serving of True Lemon Lemonade delivers great taste that you can feel good about.<br><br>Satisfaction Guarantee: As a small company that shares your big love for citrus, we offer a 100% guarantee of satisfaction with every purchase.
332	health	Our pops are tops! YumEarth Organic Lollipops are our signature candy. We built our company on these little suckers that are made with simple ingredients and proud to be USDA Organic, Kosher, Vegan, Gluten Free, Non-GMO Project Verified, Dairy Free and Nut Free. They are available in Pomegranate Pucker, Wet-Face Watermelon, Strawberry Smash, Googly Grape, Very Very Cherry, Perfectly Peach, Razzmatazz Berry and Mango Tango all flavored and colored with real fruit juice. Keep them on hand for an on the go sweet!
562	health	Made from rice flour and pecans and baked with no added oil, they're the perfect guilt-free snack!
726	versatility	Nutella hazelnut spread provides your family with a delicious way to start the day! The unique taste of Nutella hazelnut spread is sure to bring a smile to your face. Spread it on warm whole wheat toast, pancakes, waffles, bagels, english muffins  it is up to you. Nutella hazelnut spread makes the simplest things extra special.
270	health	B-12 vitamin 1000 mcg is essential for energy production and a healthy nervous system. Our timed release formula extends the vitamins absorption by the body.
90	taste	A mild version of that New Mexican red chile flavor. This will make for great cheese enchiladas.
3	taste	Irresistible layers of graham cracker-y goodness, creamy cheesecake, and a sweet salted caramel or strawberry flavored topping.
946	taste	A dark roast coffee that offers dry spice notes, woodsy accents and hints of vanilla and flowers
119	health	Jarrow formulas milk thistle (Silybum marianum) 30:1 concentrate is standardized to contain 80% total milk thistle seed flavonoids, including the important Silymarin fractions isosilybinins a and b, silybinins a and b, silychristin and silydianin.This Particular group of flavonoids, collectively known as Silymarin, supports liver function by raising protective glutathione levels.
45	taste	Cool and refresh your breath with an icy rush of peppermint flavor. The unique cooling crystals in ICE BREAKERS FROST Peppermint Mints powerfully provide fresh breath and make your mouth feel cleaner.
716	health	Nuts are the heroes of wholesome snacking. And Planters offers a wide variety of delicious nuts. When you're looking for snacks with protein and nutrients, grab a handful of Planters nuts (or try one of our snack bags).
887	taste	Crown Prince Natural Skinless and Boneless Sardines are prepared from only the highest quality Pilchard sardines available. These kosher sardines are packed in pure olive oil or water and are considered among the finest tasting sardines in the world. These popular sardines are firm in texture and delicate in flavor. Just one can provides almost half of the needed daily protein. Try them in salads, sandwiches, casseroles or straight out of the can.
776	health	A really "good for you" mix of Jumbo Cashews with Almonds and Pecans.
724	taste	Quality and value since 1930. Artificially flavored- with imitation Blueberries. Also makes great pancakes.
856	health	Get your mornings started off on the right foot with this 23.6 Ounces box of Cinnamon Toast Crunch Cereal. It contains 12 grams of whole grain per serving, as well as real cinnamon and sugar in every bite. At least 48 grams recommended daily A whole grain food is made by using all three parts of the grain. All General Mills Big G cereals contain more whole grain than any other single ingredient. With only 130 calories per serving, this kosher cinnamon crunch cereal makes an ideal meal or snack at just about any time of day. It has no artificial flavors or colors from artificial sources. It is low in saturated fat, trans fat and cholesterol, and is a wonderful source of essential vitamins, nutrients and minerals.
141	versatility	Pringles is great as a quick snack on-the-go or to compliment or complete a meal. Pringles packaging is resealable - allowing for no mess or greasy fingers, and keeps crisps fresh. Pringles provides more snacking flavors than any other crisp. Pringles' unique taste and texture comes in a variety of different flavors, including: original, BBQ, sour cream and onion, cheddar cheese, jalapeno, pizza, ranch, salt and vinegar, honey mustard, loaded baked potato and bacon ranch.
820	taste	Liptons expert mixologist have crafted a delicious blend of Lipton Iced Tea Mix with Lemon flavor to make the most refreshingly delicious iced tea for you and your family. Our Iced Tea Mixes are made from real tea leaves, real cane sugar and flavors sourced from natural sources, so the taste is always delicious and satisfying. Lipton iced tea mixes are the perfect addition for any of your meals because it is tasty and refreshing. So dont just default to the usual, enjoy the sweet, Lemon filled flavor taste of Lipton Lemon Iced Tea Mix. A brilliant taste for a brighter day!Lipton Iced Tea Mixes are the easiest way to prepare delicious and refreshing iced tea in just seconds. Just pour 4 tbsp of Lipton Iced Tea Mix in a glass, add 1 cup of cold water and enjoy a perfect glass of iced tea! This iced tea mix makes 38 quarts of iced tea. At Lipton we never compromise on quality. Only the best tea leaves go into our iced tea mixes. All our tea leaves are sourced from around the world and expertly blended so you can enjoy a premium quality experience. You will reward yourself with the fresh, delicious taste that makes iced tea a great choice.
444	gourmet experience	There's nothing like a cup of fresh and lightly roasted coffee enveloped with irresistible flavors and velvety aromas wafting through the air. Brooklyn bean flavored coffees go through extensive taste testing and refinement to get the perfect mild, balanced blend base and combine it withavariety of gourmet natural flavorings to produce a treat for your taste buds that can be enjoyedanytime of the day or night. The flavored variety pack includes:Vanilla Skyline, Maple Sleigh, Cinnamon Subway, Coney Island Caramel, Oh Fudge, Hazelnut. May also contian limited edition seasonal flavors.
918	gourmet experience	Taste your way around the world. This collection includes our Costa Rica, Colombia and Guatemala coffee.
494	convenience	Its time to sit back and delight in flavorful, honey stick cookies. Simply crafted with premium ingredients inspired by nature, our cookies are made with organic wheat and graham flour. Whether youre taking a moment to indulge between activities or packing a few in your childs lunch as a tasty treat, experience uncomplicated food inspired by natures finest ingredients. Whats more, theyre NON-GMO Project Verified and made without high-fructose corn syrup or hydrogenated oils. With Back to Nature products, you can enjoy shortbread cookies that are simply delicious and simply good.
682	gourmet experience	If you have ever traveled to Italy, you know the tomatoes there have an incredibly delicious flavor. bionaturae organic tomatoes from Italy are the next best thing to being there. The flavor is so rich and sweet, one taste will convince you. Our tomatoes are low sodium, with just 20 mg. per serving. We add no calcium chloride, an additive used to make pickles crisper. Our tomatoes are richer than most with tomato puree to fill the can rather than the more common and less expensive tomato juice. We offer Whole Peeled, Diced and Crushed Tomatoes. For best results try them on bionaturae organic pastas from Italy.
70	taste	Vanilla almond crunch is a delicious blend of whole grains, hearty nuts and a kiss of vanilla.
937	gourmet experience	At Grove Square we make delicious beverages that are compatible with your first generation Keurig K-Cup Brewer. The wonderful community of Grove Square includes three neighborhoods, each offering its own unique single-serve hot and cold beverages. OnBarista Boulevard, cappuccino is the house specialty.Orchard Laneis a cider lovers paradise, whileChocolate Circleis the place for rich, old-fashioned cocoa. We invite you to visit and sample everything Grove Square has to offer. Its a comfortable place where youll feel right at home, and theres a delectable, convenient beverage for everyone!
806	taste	Rich, bold Starbucks espresso, just the right amount of cream and a double dose of 'done and done'. Doubleshot Espresso is a bold, authentic Starbucks coffee experience you can enjoy whenever and wherever you want
819	taste	A good day starts with a good cup of coffee. Thats why we custom roast every batch for the perfect balance of strength and flavor. Say good morning with the coffee thats Good to the Last Drop, one cup at a time.
729	taste	FoodShouldTasteGood multigrain contains flax, sunflower and sesame seeds which adds to the distinctively nutty flavor, making this chip a wholesome, perfect snack to be enjoyed on its own or dipped in to your favorite hummus.
958	health	Whatever we put into our baked goods you are going to get out of them. So, admittedly, we are a little picky about the quality of our ingredients. And we make darned sure that they are ingredients you can pronounce - proof of our unwavering devotion to creating snacks that are delicious, perfect for on-the-go, and crafted with thoughtful ingredients. It's just in our nature.
292	health	Nature made VitaMelts vitamin c provide 100 percent of the daily value of vitamin c in a smooth-melting tablet to help support a healthy immune system. VitaMelts vitamin c tablets melt in your mouth with a great-tasting, natural juicy orange flavor.
213	versatility	Use to flavor cookies, cakes, stewed fruits, puddings, and breads as well as curries, sauces, and vegetable dishes.
330	gourmet experience	hydrate and enjoy the crisp taste of glaceau smartwater. vapor-distilled with electrolytes added for taste, smartwater offers a bottled water that's simple, pure, and delicious. smartwater is purified water made using vapor distillation, a purification process that simulates the hydrologic cycle - similar to the way water is purified in nature. containing a unique blend of calcium, magnesium, and potassium, smartwater creates a taste that is distinctly fresh, crisp and pure. free of sugar, calories, coloring, or artificial flavors, smartwater is the smart way to hydrate and quench your thirst in the office, at home, or on the go. this purified water ships as case of six 33.8-ounce recyclable plastic bottles. glaceau smartwater is a registered trademark of glaceau.
748	taste	Chocolate lovers will seriously love this colossal candy bar, made with creamy HERSHEY'S Milk Chocolate and almonds. HERSHEY'S Giant Milk Chocolate with Almonds Bar is perfect as a present, especially when youre the recipient!
905	health	The Duncan Hines, Comstock, and Wildernessproduct line of fruit fillings and toppings includes more than 20 delicious flavors. No matter which flavors are your family's favorite, you can always be sure that they're made with the freshest, highest-quality fruits - harvested and preserved at their peak to bring you exceptional texture and taste. The freshest fruits picked at their peak. That's the quality promise we bring to you in every can of Comstock Pie Filling or Topping. With Comstock, you get truly homemade taste and quality you can count on to make your pies, pastries, and ice cream treats delicious every time. We offer a wide variety of flavors from old traditionals to new favorites, so whether you prefer apple, peach, or blackberry you are sure to find a variety that suits your fancy. Comstock More Fruit Apple Pie Filling & Topping is the classic apple pie filling you are looking for. Makes a perfect classic apple pie.
901	health	Not so long ago, you had to use a machete if you wanted a sip of pure coconut water. Weve taken the machete out of the equation, which is good, because those things are dangerous. Now all thats left is Mother Natures most hydrating, refreshing, vitamin- and mineral-rich nectar. Vita Coco is never made from concentrate. That means we pick, crack, and pack fresh young coconuts directly at the source. After the coconuts are cleaned, the delicate water inside is flash pasteurized (and occasionally mixed with all-natural fruit puree) then poured into a shelf-stable Tetra Pak.The entire process from tree to Pak doesn't exceed 72 hours. We hear the end result is a lot like sticking a straw in a coconut.
836	health	Campbell's Condensed Healthy Request Cream of Mushroom Soup is a smooth, heart-healthy combination of mushrooms and cream with garlic. Its the perfect low-fat ingredient for family-pleasing recipes. Uncover your next-best recipe by visiting CampbellsKitchen.com.
87	taste	A medium version of our mouthwatering green enchilada sauce. This is a great balance for those that like their food with flavor and spice. If you really want to impress your guests, combine this with 2 cups of low sodium chicken broth for an amazing chicken tortilla soup base.
652	health	Whole oat goodness. 3 mg Omega-3's, 14 mg Omega-6's, low sodium, 5g protein. Soy Isoflavones, a good source of fiber. A bowl of our Optimum Power organic instant hot oatmeal is a delicious and healthy way to start your day. In each bowl of our organic Optimum Power instant hot oatmeal you'll taste the wholesome goodness of our whole grain organic rolled oats, which are lightly sweetened and combined with the tang of dried organic cranberries, the nutty flavor of toasted organic soy nuts and just a hint of ginger. This hot oatmeal is a good source of fiber and high in protein. A Nutritious and healthy portion pack that's quick and easy to prepare - just hot water and enjoy. Optimum Power instant hot oatmeal - Make it a part of your healthy lifestyle. USDA organic. Product of USA.
428	gourmet experience	Our fat-free, no sugar added French deluxe vanilla makes the most delicious, richest vanilla beverage ever. Make your own vanilla ice blended, a cafe vanilla, or create your own special drink. Either way, it's a treat and you'll keep coming back for more.
202	convenience	Bring classic goodness to snack time with KISSES Chocolates. Indulge chocolate cravings with this Party Bag of KISSES Candies. Made with milk chocolate, each individually wrapped candy makes for the perfect anytime sweet that can go anywhere. Fill candy bowls at home or at the office, share with friends and family, and save a few for an afternoon treat of your own. KISSES Chocolates are an OU Kosher Certified and gluten-free food. This product ships as one 40-ounce bag.
842	gourmet experience	Embrace the spirit of Italian living with S.Pellegrino Sparkling Natural Mineral Water. Since its foundation in 1899, the S.Pellegrino brand has been synonymous with effortless style and Italian culture. S.Pellegrino bottles only the finest mineral water that goes through a 30-year journey through the earth in the San Pellegrino Terme area at the foothills of the Italian Alps. This journey mineralizes the water through contact with underground rocks, naturally enriching S.Pellegrino with mineral salts, calcium, and magnesium. The addition of carbon dioxide enhances S. Pellegrino, providing its unmistakable taste and sublte bubbles. Low in sodium and zero calories, S.Pellegrino has no artificial colors, flavors, or sweeteners. The half liter plastic bottle size is BPA Free and are the perfect for lunch with coworkers or a quick bite on the go, and convenient 12 pack ensures youll always have S. Pellegrino on hand. Whether youre meeting friends out for a meal, exploring the town, or enjoying dinner at home S.Pellegrino is the perfect mineral water for all of lifes delicious moments. The clean taste and crisp carbonation of S.Pellegrino perfectly complements the flavors of all foods, including spicy appetizers, rich entrees and decadent desserts. S.Pellegrino's effervescence and subtle bubbles bring out the best in every dish, making it a favorite of some of the world's best chefs, gourmets and foodies. S.Pellegrino embodies the essence of Italian life - the cheerful outlook and the joy of spending time together while food, laughter and conversation are shared. Simply open a bottle of S.Pellegrino Sparkling Natural Mineral Water to Enhance Your Moments.
543	gourmet experience	Anything Goes in Old El Paso so let your creativity and personal taste take centerplate. Since 1938, Old El Paso has been making Taco Night a little easier and lot more delicious! Our variety of crispy hard taco shells, delicious soft tortillas, flavorful seasonings and much more make it easy for you to create fresh and fun meals that please everyone.
497	taste	Introducing all new SnackWells sandwich cookies. Deliciously indulgent, perfectly portioned treats. They let you be bad and still be good. SnackWell's Creme sandwich cookies are layered with the sweet, rich Creme you love. So delicious, and you can finally sit and enjoy yourself in this guilt-free snack.
435	gourmet experience	The trios of peaks known as the three sisters are just outside of Banff national park near Canmore, Alberta. It is among the most photographed vistas in the Canadian Rockies. This blend pays homage to it with a triple punch of light, medium and dark roasts of Indonesian, central and south American beans. The spring of 2010 marks the dawn of a new era at kicking horse coffee. Not to be mistaken for Invermere BC's newest rec complex, the construction of 40,000 ft2 of additional production space will result in new homes for don fresco, Uranus, the general and tin can alley affectionate names for our ever growing packaging lines.
940	health	Nature's Bakery Whole Wheat Fig Bars are fuel for everyday life's great journeys. Made with wholesome and natural ingredients, our delicious soft-baked baked bars are filled with real fruit for an on-the-go snack that satisfies. Perfectly portioned in two bars, our twin-packs don't melt, crumble or break--they're the daily snack companion you can rely on to be there when you need them most.
277	health	Nature made vitamin d liquid Softgel is made with d3, a more potent and naturally occurring form of vitamin d, in an easy to swallow and easy to absorb softgel. Vitamin d provides many benefits to the body and is vital to human health.
625	convenience	Weve taken the thorns out of the blackberry experience so that you can enjoy these fine fruits year-round without a single prick or scrape. These berries are a sweet way to load up on healthful anthocyanins, dietary fiber and vitamin C.
281	health	Nature made calcium petities are 66% smaller than our other nature made calcium liquid softgels, making them easier to swallow. Nature made calcium petites are designed for those who have trouble swallowing larger tablets or softgels or who like to take smaller and more frequent doses throughout the day. Each two softgel serving delivers 400mg of calcium along with 800 IU of vitamin d to help build strong bones. Vitamin d improves calcium absorption.
845	health	Treat yourself to the great tasting, fluffy Aunt Jemima pancakes you grew up with. Their classic taste will keep you wanting more! And since they are a good source of calcium and iron, you can feel good about serving them to your family.
898	convenience	At GoGo SqueeZ, we want to make it easier for families to be healthier and happier. We're proud to be the leading squeezable, re-sealable, 100% fruit in a pouch. GoGo SqueeZ's products are crafted with high-quality natural ingredients to provide wholesome goodness for sipping, squeezing and enjoying, wherever life takes you. We source our fruits from the good 'ole USA. We love being homegrown and are projecting to source over 90% of our fruits from evolved USA farms and orchards by the end of 2013. Our motherland...France, where the apple doesn't fall far from the tree. 100% natural fruits meet our signature innovative packaging to bring you a healthy snack even the busiest of families can enjoy-anytime, anywhere.
732	health	Earths Best Organic Infant Formulas with DHA & ARA are made with high quality protein, carbohydrates, vitamins, minerals and essential fatty acids including Omega-3 DHA and Omega-6 ARA fatty acids special nutrients found in breast milk clinically shown to be critical to babys mental and visual development. These easy-to-digest organic infant formulas with iron meet all FDA requirements for infant nutrition with the added benefit of being organic. Earths Best Organic Infant Formulas with DHA & ARA are specially blended without the use of growth hormones, steroids, antibiotics, dangerous pesticides or synthetic fertilizers. Nutritionally complete, they provide the essential nutrients required by the FDA for infant feeding for babies during the first 12 months of life. Earths Best Organic infant cereal and jarred foods are available in more than 60 varieties, along with infant juices and teething biscuits, to satisfy the taste and texture preferences of babies four months and up. Additionally, though breast milk is the first choice for an infants growth and development, Earths Best Organic provides organic infant formulas that contain essential nutrients babies require.
624	taste	Lee Kum Kee Hoisin Sauce is a spicy-sweet sauce made from selected spices and ground soybeans. Use to accent marinades, roasts and stir-fries, or as a condiment. It is pure vegetarian sauce. No MSG added and no preservative added. Lee Kum Kee was established in 1888 when its founder Mr Lee Kum Sheung invented oyster sauce in nanshui, zhuhai, guangdong province of china. With a glorious history of 121 years, Lee Kum Kee has become a household name as an ethnic Chinese enterprise as well as an international brand and a symbol of quality and trust.
32	health	the great-tasting protein bar that makes every ingredient count so you can get the most out of your workout.
398	gourmet experience	Sugar In The Raw turbinado sugar is made from the first pressing of natural sugarcane. The sugar crystals are never bleached and thus retain their distinctive golden hue and delicious molasses flavor. Sugar In The Raw is the #1 brand of turbinado cane sugar on the market and is non-GMO project verified, kosher certified, vegan certified, and naturally gluten-free. Whether youre sprinkling on a baked treat or stirring up a cup of coffee, Sugar In The Raw is the ideal wholesome sweetener. Enjoy the sweet moments with Sugar In The Raw.
129	health	Centrum multi-vitamin. Great tasting, chewable multivitamin. Can be taken without food or liquids. Soft crunchy coating on the outside and chewy, fruit flavored center.
126	versatility	Whether you have occasional muscles aches, backaches, minor arthritis pain, or other aches and pains, nothing is stronger or longer lasting among OTC pain relievers. Millions of people have trusted Advil to safely and effectively relieve their aches and pains for over 30 years. Advil stops pain at the site of inflammation so you can get relief where you need it. The medicine in Advil is what ER doctors use to treat their own aches and pains . <br> Based on a survey of ER doctors <br>* The pain reliever in Advil is ibuprofen, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) that when taken as directed is a safe and effective pain reliever and fever reducer.
341	gourmet experience	DeBoles Organic Jerusalem Artichoke Inulin Pasta, Linguine, 8 Ounce (Pack of 12) is a premium, USDA certified organic handmade pasta made with Jerusalem artichoke inulin. Our signature recipe has a subtle nutty flavor and light smooth texture that is never sticky. Since 1932 DeBoles pasta has been the brand of choice for those seeking healthier lifestyles for themselves and their families. Our extensive line of pastas offers great variety in shapes and flavors to please every palate, including those with special dietary needs. DeBoles maintains its dedication to producing unique and delicious pasta products from the highest quality, all natural and organic ingredients.
441	taste	Fresh, creamy taste and dark cocoa flavors combine to create a deep, delicious chocolaty fudge flavored coffee.
969	convenience	A toddler snack that is perfect for little fingers learning to pick up and self feed. The soft crispy chewy texture is enjoyable to eat. And five single packet portions make on-the-go snacking easy.
765	taste	Adds flavor to quick dinner ideas and easy lunches. Creamy, gluten-free ranch dressing. The product is manufactured in united states.
80	versatility	Bring a healthy, wholesome crunch to your mornings with Kashi 7 Whole Grain Nuggets Cereal. With our signature 7 Grainblend of oats, hard red wheat, rye, brown rice, triticale, barley, buckwheat and nutty sesame, this crunchy breakfast cereal is as nutritious as it is delicious. A yummy addition to any balanced breakfast, our 7 Whole Grain Nuggets Cereal pairs well with dairy or nut milk, yogurt, and fresh fruit. Toasty, healthy, and 100% whole grain, Kashi 7 Whole Grain Nuggets Cereal provides an excellent source of fiber, is low fat, and is Non-GMO Project Verified.
788	gourmet experience	The R.W. Knudsen Family brand celebrates the bounty of fall fruits with its specialty items. Perfect pantry staples, these favorites bring the best of autumn to your family, all year long. Treat yourself to a heaping spoonful of sweet tart goodness with R.W. Knudsen Family Natural Cranberry Sauce. Perfect for the holiday table, for slathering on turkey sandwiches, or for use in pies and tarts, this flavorful recipe delivers rich cranberry flavor, without the stained fingers.
954	health	The foundation of a sound mind, body, and spirit is derived from what you eat  and what you eat is most delicious and satisfying when its in a whole, natural state. Thats why Larabars Nut Lovers bars only include simple, real ingredients. Larabar believes that its whats on the inside that counts, and, with only a few ingredients each, their bars are beautifully simple and delightfully delicious. Theyre kosher, dairy-free, gluten-free, and vegan. Minimally processed Nut Lovers bars are a wholesome, on-the-go indulgence you can feel good about eating.
153	taste	Get your Santa smooth on with ROLO Holiday Chewy Caramels in Milk Chocolate! The same milk chocolate and golden caramel candy you love all year 'round is dressed up in holiday-themed red, green, and gold foils. These special treats are made to complement holiday candy dishes and fill stockings with festive flair!
510	gourmet experience	Freshly milled on cool and slow turning, century-old stone-bur millstones.
829	taste	Hunts Garlic & Herb Pasta Sauce combines savory herbs with a rich, deep garlic flavor, making a delicious sauce for your pasta, lasagna, or spaghetti. Made from vine-ripened tomatoes and a special blend of herbs and spices, Hunt's Pasta Sauce is careful
943	gourmet experience	We source the finest organic acai berries from the Amazon rainforest to create a freeze-dried powder that retains the vital nutrients and flavor of the fresh fruit. A staple in the diet of indigenous cultures for centuries, acai (ah-sigh-ee) is a delicious low-glycemic berry that provides vibrant antioxidants, omega fats, and fiber. Acai is a small, dark purple berry of a palm tree that grows throughout the tropical regions of Central and South America. It has a flavor that's somewhere between chocolate and wild berries, and its abundant (and super healthy) omega fatty acid content gives acai a unique and creamy texture. Acai has a high antioxidant profile found as well as protein and fiber which help to keep you feeling full throughout your day.
382	gourmet experience	Treat your taste buds with Knorr Fiesta Sides Mexican Rice (5.4oz). Our rice & pasta blend expertly combines peppers, onions, garlic, cilantro, and jalapeo peppers with authentic Mexican seasonings. Our deliciously seasoned Fiesta Sides are great as part of a delicious main dish or as a standalone rice side dish. Make Knorr Fiesta Sides the foundation of a crowd-pleasing dinner. Your family is sure to love the authentic Mexican seasonings of Knorr Fiesta Sides Mexican Rice (5.4oz). On top of tasting delicious, these Mexican side dishes by Knorr are quick and easy to prepare. Knorr Cajun rice dishes cook in just seven minutes on the stovetop or microwave. Knorr Rice Sides have no artificial flavors making it an excellent choice for creating a family-favorite meal. Use these easy rice side dishes to create a mouth-watering main dish. Simply prepare Knorr Fiesta Sides and add your favorite meat and vegetables to make a dinner your family is sure to love. You can find great recipes from Knorr like our chef-inspired Fiesta Lime Chicken & Rice -- simply add chicken, chopped tomatoes, and cheddar cheese. Discover more quick and delicious dinner ideas at Knorr.com. There are hundreds of recipes to help you find dinner inspiration. Knorr also has Cajun Sides, Pasta Sides, Italian Sides and more. Knorr offers more than 40 varieties of rice and pasta sides so you can be sure to find flavors your family will love. Knorr believes that good food matters and everyday meals can be just as magical as special occasions. Knorr products owe their taste and flavors to the culinary skills and passion of our chefs. Knorr sources high-quality ingredients to create delicious side dishes, bouillons, sauces, gravies, soups and seasonings enjoyed by families everywhere.
430	convenience	McCormick Culinary Red Food Coloring is perfect for for adding some fun, lively color to any occasion, offering consistent and true color every time. Specially made for bakers to inspire extraordinary menus and deliver consistent recipes. Add for red velvet cupcakes for Valentines Day or red velvet custard for the summer.
998	gourmet experience	It's funny how something as simple as a bowl of chips can bring people together. Whether it's party time or family time, everyone loves gathering around the chip bowl. With conversations swirling and laughter all around, each bag of Lay's honey BBQ flavor potato chips is an opportunity to make memories.
464	versatility	Extra virgin coconut oil comes from fresh coconut meat and is one of the healthiest oils in the world. We never use chemicals during extraction in order to provide you with the purest, most natural oil available. Full of MCTs, aka good fats, extra virgin coconut oil is an immediate source of energy. It's also cholesterol-free, making it a perfect substitute for butter or margarine in cooking and baking. Extra virgin coconut oil is one of the most versatile oils around and is ideal for medium heat cooking (up to 350f). Its light coconut flavor and aroma make an excellent addition to cookies, brownies and stir fries. It's antibacterial and antifungal properties keep you healthy from the outside in. It can be used as an all-natural moisturizer for your skin and hair and makes a great makeup remover, natural sunscreen and shave oil.
344	health	Adding fiber to your diet to help with weight management has never been easier. Benefiber Healthy Shape is a 100% natural, clear & taste-free daily fiber supplement.* When used twice daily, it is clinically proven to help curb cravings and help you feel fuller longer.* And because it's completely dissolvable, you can get creative when it comes to adding it to your favorite healthy foods.** Oatmeal? Yogurt? Smoothies? Try Benefiber Healthy Shape with them all. Simply add the non-thickening, gluten-free and sugar-free powder to any meal or beverage without changing the taste or consistency. It's as simple as that! The solution to weight management and maintaining a healthy lifestyle is here.* Try Benefiber Healthy Shape today to help you snack less between meals and feel confident all day long. Benefiber prebiotic fiber is also available in a variety or forms. Try Benefiber Original Prebiotic Fiber to nourish the growth of good bacteria and support overall digestive health or pre-measured Benefiber On-the-Go Stick Pack Fiber Packets to enjoy prebiotic dietary fiber anywhere, anytime.*<br>*Clinical studies show benefits with regular use. A weight management program should include a healthy diet and regular exercise. This statement has not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.<br>**Not recommended for carbonated beverages.
527	taste	A blend of coffees from Latin America and Asia Pacific, Espresso Roast has a dense, caramel-like sweetness and smooth, satisfying finish. The heart and soul of Starbucks. Versatile because of its delicious flavor, smooth texture and balance, Espresso Roast imparts a subtle sweetness. It's roasted somewhat darker than traditional Italian espresso blends
764	taste	Pace Medium Picante Sauce will add that kick to any ordinary meal whether it's dinner time or snacks with friends and family. Tomatoes, chunks of savory onions and hand-picked jalapeos are smoothly blended together for an unforgettable taste. Complement your favorite chicken, beef, pork and fish dishes or keep it simple as dipping sauce.
462	gourmet experience	What makes great northern popcorn movie theater butter topping so special? our butter topping has the butter lovers flavor without all the trans fat that other buttery toppings have, without sacrificing the great flavor movie goers have come to expect and love for years. Great northern popcorn buttery topping is the topping that makes movie theater popcorn so special, and now you can have it right there in your home. Together with other great northern popcorn products, you will have friends and neighbors asking to come over to your house for movie night. And on top of all that: gluten free. Peanut free. No milk. No eggs. No tree nuts. And no msg. Great northern popcorn as set the standard for movie theater style popcorn, and the gallon sized movie theater butter topping with it's butter lovers flavor has just raised the bar again.
745	health	Gluten free can be delicious too! Whether you're living gluten-free for medical reasons or just want to live a healthier lifestyle, Glutino has options for you. We offer a variety of delicious, gluten free snacks that never skimp on flavor. From pretzels to crackers to cookies and more, youll find the best variety of tasty gluten free foods. See bullets and images for more information.
161	gourmet experience	Greetings from new Orleans. In 1890, the first can of French market coffee and chicory roasted, blended and packaged. The Bartlett and dodge families, incorporated as the American coffee company, moved that famous coffee to 800 magazine street in 1941. In this post-Katrina age of fascination with our city and its history, we recognize the strength of our 117 years of calling new Orleans home. Our customers are fiercely loyal, both individually and institutionally. We are enjoyed in the iconic restaurants of a city known for its cuisine. This "who we are" is part of what inspires the loyalty we strive to live up to day after day and year after year. A family company in every sense of the word, we've been fortunate enough to keep our employees with us for years some have even stuck with us for decades.
542	gourmet experience	Krusteaz Cornbread and Muffin Mix puts a mouth-watering twist on tradition. This mix combines fresh corn, real honey, and rich butter to create a taste sensation. Its the perfect side dish to any meal, though you may want to eat it all on its own. This comes in a 15-ounce box. The Krusteaz story began in 1932 when a group of women from a Seattle bridge club created an easy-as-pie, just-add-water crust that was an industry first. Today, Krusteaz remains a family-owned business that stands for innovation, premium ingredients and simple-to-make mixes that fit every occasion. Their product line includes pancakes, waffles, muffins and quick breads, cookies, dessert bars, cornbread, crumb cakes and more. Every box invites you to Seize the What If and have fun sharing these creations in the kitchen, getting a little messy, fueling creativity and enjoying all the possibilities Krusteaz mixes bring to the table.
16	health	Health Valley No Salt Added Broth, Chicken, 14.25 Ounce. Our No Salt Added Chicken Broth is made with the finest quality all-natural ingredients and seasonings, and has a rich chicken flavor. It has 80% less sodium than the leading brand, and contains no added MSG and is low in fat. Enjoy our satisfying broth in all of your favorite recipes. This Health Valley Broth contains 130 milligrams of sodium per serving. The leading brand contains 860 milligrams sodium per serving. This is not a sodium free food. With no artificial colors, flavors or preservatives in any of our products and with almost all of our selections made with 70-100% organic ingredients you'll never have to worry about what you're feeding your family. Health Valley is always the natural choice for breakfast, lunch, dinner, meals on the go, or a snack. And our great taste will make your family want to eat something that's "good for them." It doesn't get more natural than that.
550	health	Pasta Joy Ready. A classic in texture and taste. Wheat free. Gluten-free. Good consistent texture. Not mushy. Al Dente. We specialize - Our entire factory premise and all machines are dedicated to the manufacture of rice pasta--no other grain or cereal to prevent cross-grain contamination at production. Cholesterol free. Low fat. Low sodium. Source of fiber. Easy to digest. Promising a delightful eating experience. From whole-grain. Kosher Certified. Just right! Perfect for a light, healthy and tasty family meal, for serving your loved ones and guests who are sure to appreciate, with joy! No preservatives added. This product is made from quality rice, stone-ground and formed to gourmet class. An ultimate in the enjoyment of pasta. It cooks like regular pasta. Award-winning taste. Al dente and not mushy. Its texture, superb. Product of Canada.
633	taste	Whole Natural Blue Diamond almonds are the best way to appreciate the flavor of the almond. It's also a good way to get a handful of almonds' benefits every day.
775	taste	If you love HERSHEY'S Chocolateand who doesn't?keep a few of these delicious, extra creamy HERSHEY'S NUGGETS Milk Chocolate with Toffee & Almonds on hand! Go ahead: Savor each exquisite bite and every bit of rich milk chocolate mixed with morsels of toffee and almonds.
506	gourmet experience	At Snapple, we believe lifes a peach. Weve been living this mantra since we were a small brand in New York in the 80s. Take a sip of our delicious Peach Tea, and go back to the times of big hair, neon leggings and breakdancing. Oknot really, but you can use your imagination. So go ahead, break out the boom box and enjoy the Best Stuff on Earth.
588	taste	Grey Poupon Dijon Mustard - Everyday mustard, lavished with extraordinary twist of white wine. The citrusy, fruity aroma of white wine fused with earthy herbs and spices when harmonize with the finest brown mustard seeds create a flavor you'd succumb to!Make your Food more ScrumptiousWhether you're at the ballpark, or in your own kitchen, your sandwich is not complete without Grey Poupon Deli Mustard. It complements the rich flavors and more with its intensely sharp, uniquely
457	health	Carrington Farms is about pure goodness. Our USDA certified organic seeds are gluten free and packed with nutrients. With our friendly packaging and clean ingredients, Carrington Farms is a natural way to boost your day! Since 2000, Carrington Farms has been making delicious, 100% organic, non-genetically modified Health Food Products accessible to nutrition-conscious consumers around the United States. Our comprehensive line of grains, seeds, powders and oils including coconut oil serves a range of purposes, from conditioning hair and nails to cooking and adding a boost to your smoothies. From our sliced milled flax seed to our chia blends and cold-pressed organic extra virgin coconut oil, all of Carrington Farms vitamin and mineral-full food products are a great way to start adding a little more nutrition to your everyday life!
826	gourmet experience	For over 70 years Rosarita has continued to make delicious Mexican sauces, beans, and refried beans. Make your family's next Mexican food night even better with Rosarita. Taste the tradition of Mexiconow vegetarianwith Rosarita Vegetarian Refried Beans. When you serve Rosarita refried beans, you're giving your family delicious, Mexican flavors. On the stovetop, heat the beans over medium heat in a saucepan until hot, stirring occasionally or microwave in a covered microwave-safe dish on high for two and one-half minutes or until hot. Rosarita Vegetarian Refried Beans have 120 calories per serving with zero fat. This pack contains 12 cans.
677	taste	Inspired by homemade Italian Aranciata, Sanpellegrino Aranciata (Orange) Sparkling Fruit Beverage has a crisp and zesty orange flavor thats like biting into a hand-picked orange from the sun-drenched citrus groves of Italy. Made with real juice from sun-ripened oranges, paired with effervescent sparkling water. Sanpellegrino Orange is a refreshing twist on this traditional Italian beverage that will awaken your senses. Share a 6 pack of our glass bottles with friends and family, and enjoy the Life Deliziosa together. Since 1932, Sanpellegrino has crafted sparkling fruit beverages inspired by homemade Aranciata, a traditional Italian beverage made with fruit juice, carbonated water and real sugar. With this inspiration, weve created a variety of non-alcoholic citrus flavored sparkling beverages featuring fruit juice and authentic ingredients. Our sparkling fruit beverages have no artificial colors, flavors, sweeteners or preservatives. Sanpellegrino Aranciata is the perfect thirst quencher for a hot summer afternoon, it is delicious on it's own and can also be paired with fresh fruits and spices to create a unique cocktail experience. Open a can and with one sip of Sanpellegrino Orange Sparkling Fruit Beverage, youll be transported to the sun-drenched citrus groves of Southern Italy, allowing you to enjoy the Life Deliziosa any time.
308	health	Rachael Ray Nutrish Real Chicken & Veggies Recipe is made with simple, natural ingredients, like real U.S. farm-raised chicken, which is always the number one ingredient, combined with wholesome vegetables and added vitamins & minerals.
848	convenience	Little Yums, a line of baby teething wafers made with whole grain buckwheat and real fruit & veggies, is the perfect first snack for little teethers. The wafer easily dissolves, encourages self-feeding for teething babies, and is made with unique fruit and vegetable combinations to delight tiny taste buds. Each wafer is baked in Italy with love, and is certified organic using delicious and nutritious ingredients like buckwheat, pumpkin, and banana
427	taste	Snap into a bacon-y snack that bites back: Slim Jim Hickory Smoked Bacon Jerky is made from 100% real bacon to satisfy your little taste buddies AND that wicked roar in your belly. Made with breakfast lovers in mind, this anytime meaty snack is primed to keep in your pantry. Or your desk. Or that cave your best friend Jack moved into last summer in Wisconsin. And whos to say bacon is just for early morning risers? Take a bag of sweet, bacon-y bliss along for an epic camping trip, share during happy hour at the bar, or gift your old man a case for Fathers Day. You were always his favorite, anyway (well, a close second to Slim Jim).
263	health	Nature's all foods is an organic and fair trade freezedried produce line that offers an abundance of healthful goodness in each serving. Crunchy and oh-so-sweet freeze-dried fruits and veggies maintain all of their vital nutrients and vibrant flavor, so you can rest assured that the food you are eating is not only delicious and convenient, but also healthy. They come packaged in a grab-and-go style pouch for any time eating, making it more exciting to add these wholesome snacks to your everyday diet.
363	gourmet experience	Treat your taste buds with Knorr Rice Sides Rice Pilaf (5.3oz). Our rice & pasta blend expertly combines rice and orzo with a delicious buttery sauce. Our deliciously seasoned Rice Sides are great as part of a delicious main dish or as a standalone side dish. Make Knorr Rice Sides the foundation of a crowd-pleasing dinner. Your family is sure to love the delicious buttery flavor of Knorr Rice Sides Rice Pilaf (5.3oz). On top of tasting delicious, our Rice Pilaf is quick and easy to prepare. Knorr Rice Sides cook in just seven minutes on the stovetop or microwave. Knorr Rice Sides have no artificial flavors making it an excellent choice for creating a family-favorite meal. Use Knorr Sides to create a mouth-watering main dish. Simply prepare Knorr Rice Sides and add your favorite meat and vegetables to make a dinner your family is sure to love. Discover more quick and delicious dinner ideas at Knorr.com. There are hundreds of recipes to help you find dinner inspiration. Knorr also has Pasta Sides, Fiesta Sides, Italian Sides and more. Knorr offers more than 40 varieties of rice and pasta sides so you can be sure to find flavors your family will love. Knorr believes that good food matters and everyday meals can be just as magical as special occasions. Knorr products owe their taste and flavors to the culinary skills and passion of our chefs. Knorr sources high-quality ingredients to create delicious side dishes, bouillons, sauces, gravies, soups and seasonings enjoyed by families everywhere.
54	health	Wellness WellBites Soft Natural Dog Treats Lamb & Salmon Recipe are wholesome, all natural soft, tasty, bite-sized dog treats made in USA only and specially formulated with wholesome meats, grains, fruits and veggies you can see. Dog biscuits, treats and snacks are a great addition to a healthy diet. Snack time is a mutually rewarding show of love and positive reinforcement with your dog. You can feel good about training and rewarding your dog with Wellness natural dog treats. Relevant search keywords: all natural dog treats, dog biscuit, dog biscuits, dog training, dog training treats, dog treat, dog treats, dog treats for large dogs, dog treats for small dogs, add on items for dogs, dog treats grain free, dog treats made in usa, dog treats made in usa only, healthy dog treats, large dog treats, small dog treats, soft dog treats, wellness dog treats, natural dog treats, best dog treats, best natural dog treats, dog snacks, dog cookies
156	gourmet experience	What makes great northern popcorn seasonings so special? outstanding value and flavor. The kitchens at great northern popcorn have worked tirelessly to find you the most exciting flavor toppings for our gourmet popcorn. The great northern popcorn movie theater popcorn seasonings are available in five tasty and exciting flavors, including yummy butter, great white cheddar, nacho cheese, ma's kettle corn, and jalapeno wow. Great northern popcorn's popcorn seasoning salt is ground super fine to stick to your popcorn. And to top it all off, great northern popcorn popcorn seasoning contains no trans fat. Step it up a notch with the jalapeno wow popcorn seasoning for that south of the border zing you have been craving. The great northern popcorn seasonings have something for everyone on movie night.
976	gourmet experience	Decisions, decisions. This morning are you in the mood for some pizzazz or chill? Do you crave some bold slap-you-in-the-face flavor, or mild taste? Brooklyn Bean Roastery says who cares... have them all! Our 40-count Assorted Brooklyn Bean Roastery sampler pack includes samples of Light Roast, Medium Roast, Dark Roast, Flavored, Seasonal coffees. All of Brooklyn Bean Roastery's delicious individual blends include: Highest quality of coffee beans; 100% Arabica coffee beans available in 12 specialty blends. Revolutionary "Roast2Cup" processing for extra freshness and premium flavor. You are guaranteed a fresh-brewed cup every time. Crafted with pride in the USA. Compatible with Keurig K-Cup brewers compatible, including 2.0 brewers.
798	gourmet experience	From the lush Amazon rainforest comes the exotic flavor of Acai berries. When paired with blueberry flavored centers and premium dark chocolate, these berry flavors become truly unforgettable. Treat yourself to this luxurious blend of flavors, elevate snack mixes and home-baked desserts, or introduce friends and loved ones to the artistry of BROOKSIDE Dark Chocolate Acai and Blueberry Flavors.
420	versatility	Frontier chili peppers ground, cayenne 90,000 hu, 16 ounce bags (pack of 2) will turn up the heat and color in your cooking. Use it in favorite ethnic recipes, or sprinkle it on at the table whenever a dish needs extra zip.
838	gourmet experience	About Pepperidge Farm: For us, baking is more than a job. It's a real passion. Each day, our bakers take the time to make every cookie, pastry, cracker, and loaf of bread the best way they know how - by using simple, quality ingredients. Baking requires knowledge of the craft, a spirit of exploration and, inspired ideas. At Pepperidge Farm, we have been honing and perfecting our chosen craft for generations, and our bakers care deeply about what that means. It's the little things that make simple food taste special. We believe in doing things right, and we just happen to love it. The Milano cookie is a Pepperidge Farm classic: simple and elegant. It's the perfect balance of crisp, exquisite cookies and luxuriously rich chocolate - in irresistible varieties to match any mood. Try Double Dark Chocolate Milano cookies for a truly indulgent treat.
915	gourmet experience	Roasted in California: The rich, full-bodied beans you are about to savor have been expertly roasted in California since 1950. Yuban's distinctive signature taste is preserved by sealing in the freshness of carefully selected beans known for their superior quality and rich aroma.
523	health	Enjoy frosting without preservatives or trans fats. People who use only the best insist on using only C&amp;H Powdered Sugar for some very good reasons. C&amp;H Powdered Sugar is always 100% pure cane, made only from real sugar cane.
397	taste	Planters cashew halves and pieces made with pure sea salt, 46 ounce.
610	taste	Barnum's Animal Crackers have been a kid favorite for generations. These classic cookies come in all your favorite animal shapes, and have the same great flavor you remember.
895	health	Rich, hearty, healthy, and delicious, our Nine Grain Bread Mix features the perfect mix of whole grains from America's heartland. Our all natural selection of nine different grains blends, including flax seed, together to make incredibly satisfying, complex tastes and textures that are unsurpassed by any other bread. Treat yourself and your family to one of the heartiest, healthiest breads available on the market.
753	gourmet experience	Frank Vlasic moved to America in 1912 to build a better life for his family. Problem was, he made cheese, not pickles so the success part of the story took a while. During World War II his supply of pickles dried up, so Joe started testing a new idea: selling Polish pickles in glass jars. Smart move. Joe couldn't keep up with the demand and the Vlasic Pickle brand was born! Today, Vlasic is owned by Pinnacle Foods, which is committed to the principles of quality, taste, trust, and innovation established by the Vlasic family. The brand includes dozens of varieties of pickles, peppers, and relish in many cuts, flavors and sizes. You may already have a favorite Vlasic pickle, but we'll make sure there's always a new Vlasic to try, or new way to try it. "After all," says the Stork, "you've got 10,000 cute little taste buds so we may as well have 10,000 ways to keep them happy!"
539	convenience	Long enjoyed by chefs for its taste, texture and ease of use, MORTON Coarse Kosher Salt is considered a fundamental ingredient that can be used to bring out the natural flavors of a wide variety of dishes. The coarse texture of MORTON Kosher Salt makes it easy to grab and sprinkle just the perfect amount, allowing you to easily control the amount of salt you add to all your cooking. The compact flakes perfectly adhere to food for ideal flavor enhancement.
513	health	Its quest for the most advanced cultural, aesthetic, design and functional quality into mass production. Our raw materials are from the earth itself. We seek to use ingredients that are plant derived, GMO-free, organically certified when possible, and sourced from domestic suppliers to keep jobs in our local communities.
927	taste	Forty years of coffee-roasting expertise inspired Starbucks master roasters to perfect Starbucks blonde roast-a lighter, gentler take on the Starbucks roast. Roasting this blend of specially chosen Latin American beans for a shorter time allows the delicate nuances of soft cocoa and lightly toasted nuts to blossom. Flavorful without being overly bold, this coffee brews a delightfully gracious cup that's perfect for welcoming friends or greeting a new day.
157	gourmet experience	What makes great northern popcorn seasonings so special? outstanding value and flavor. The kitchens at great northern popcorn have worked tirelessly to find you the most exciting flavor toppings for our gourmet popcorn. The great northern popcorn movie theater popcorn seasoning assortment includes five tasty and exciting flavors. Great northern popcorn's popcorn seasoning salt is ground super fine to stick to your popcorn. And to top it all off, great northern popcorn popcorn seasoning contains no trans fat. Yummy butter seasoning will add the buttery movie theater flavor that people have loved for generations without all the calories and trans fat. If you like cheddar, then great northern popcorn's great white cheddar is just the thing to satisfy those cheesy popcorn cravings on movie night. Nacho cheese has been a favorite for decades, and not you can top your great northern popcorn with the zesty taste of great northern popcorn's nacho cheese popcorn seasoning. 30 ounces of great northern popcorn gourmet popping corn. Also includes one (1) pint of great northern popcorn butter lover flavor popping oil.
559	convenience	Pure white in color, C&H Powdered Sugar has a delicate soft supple texture so it's a pleasure to sift and easy to mix and cream into delicioius, lump-free frostings.
505	health	Helps build muscles with bcaa's amino acids, improved energy and focus, actual product packaging and materials may contain more and different information than what is shown on our website.
367	health	Hellmann's Real Mayonnaise is proudly made with real, simple ingredients like cage-free eggs, oil and vinegar. We know that to really "Bring Out The Best," we need to do more than just taste great. Thats why our delicious Blue Ribbon Quality Mayonnaise is made with real eggs, oil and vinegar sourced from trusted American farms. Even after 100 years, were still committed to using premium ingredients to craft the highest quality mayonnaise. It's simple. We use the finest, real ingredients in Hellmann's Real. In fact, we use 100% cage-free eggs and are committed to 100% responsibly sourced soybean oil. Our authentic mayonnaise is rich in Omega 3-ALA (contains 650mg ALA per serving, which is 40% of the 1.6g Daily Value for ALA), and is also gluten-free and certified kosher. Its the ideal condiment for spreading on sandwiches and wraps, grilling juicy burgers, mixing creamy dips, and preparing fresh salads. Use it to make outrageously delicious meals like our Parmesan Crusted Chicken and Best Ever Juicy Burger, and even turn your Thanksgiving leftovers into a deliciously creamy meal with our Turkey Casserole. Hellmanns is known as Best Foods West of the Rockies. Discover our recipes, products, information about our sourcing, and more on our website, Hellmanns.com.
783	taste	The rumors are mounting. Word on the street? A new snack addiction has taken hold of America, one crunchy, munchy bag at a time. Whos the cant put it down snack sensation? Earth Balance Vegan Aged White Cheddar Flavor Puffs, of course. People are consuming them by the bagful. Theyre even asking for bigger bags. But what is it that makes these Puffs so darn addictive? Is it the powder? That delectable, aged-cheddar powder thats the stuff of cheesy dreams? Is it the delightful crunch as the cheesy goodness  that totally vegan cheesy goodness  fills your mouth? Help us verify these claims. Go ahead, open a bag. What makes these Puffs so irresistible? What makes you want to savor another Puff as soon as one crunchy mouthful passes your lips. First of its kind, this vegan snack puff offers full Aged White Cheddar flavor only using plant-based ingredients. Made with navy beans and non-GMO corn, this mindful munch offers a kick of protein while delivering serious flavor. Totally vegan and naturally gluten-free, these puffs are the snack you've been looking for. We promise.
705	taste	2g Net carbs. Taste of the tropics.
936	taste	Just try to resist the enticing aromas of Green Mountain French Vanilla coffee! Lusciously rich and smooth with the flavors of sweet vanilla cream.
76	health	Bring a healthy, wholesome crunch to your mornings with KashiOrganic Berry Fruitful Cereal. Featuring bite-sized biscuits of woven whole grain wheat with a fruity filling made with apples, raspberries, and strawberries, this berry fruity breakfast cereal is as nutritious as it is delicious. A yummy addition to any balanced breakfast, our Organic Berry FruitfulCerealpairs well with dairy or nut milk, yogurt, and fresh fruit. Crispy and crunchy, KashiOrganic Berry Fruitful Cerealis an excellent source of fiber, is low fat, and is Non-GMO Project Verified.
715	taste	Start your day off right with Special K Cereal Vanilla Almonda deliciously crafted, wholesome cereal that loves you back with each healthy spoonful. This filling cereal is a satisfying mix of crunchy rice and wheat flakes combined with sliced almonds and aromatic vanilla flavor that's sure to energize you for the day ahead. Just as nutritious as it is delicious, this breakfast cereal contains whole grain, fiber and essential vitamins and minerals to help keep you going strong. Whether you enjoy a bowlful at breakfast time, add it to your yogurt for a snack at the office, or enjoy it straight from the box after your workout, Kellogg's Special K Vanilla Almond cereal lets you feed your strength with each irresistible bite.
648	health	Earths Best Organic Whole Grain Infant Cereals are available with and without fruit. They have 35-45% Daily Value of Iron for infants are flavorful and contain vitamins, minerals and dietary fiber. The cereals are made with and organically grown whole grains and do not contain salt, refined sugar or preservatives. Earths Best Organic infant cereal and jarred foods are available in more than 60 varieties, along with infant juices and teething biscuits, to satisfy the taste and texture preferences of babies four months and up. Additionally, though breast milk is the first choice for an infants growth and development, Earths Best Organic provides organic infant formulas that contain essential nutrients babies require.
628	convenience	Green Giant Whole Kernel Sweet Corn has whole kernels of sweet corn preserved at the peak of freshness. It's a quick and easy side dish or recipe ingredient. Each can contains 15.25oz of corn that has been taken off the cob and packed in water.
676	taste	Portside BlendDo you enjoy a hearty and well-rounded cup of easy-going, medium, full-bodied coffee made from a distinctive blend of premium, smooth-roasted beans? A taste that brightens the day and perks up your mood? We thought you might.
249	taste	Are you ready for a blast of sweet and sour? new blue raspberry is full of blue raspberry-flavored filling and features a delicious pastry crust topped with white frosting and a blue swirl.
20	health	LUNA Whole Nutrition Bars are crafted to help keep you nourished throughout your busy day and give you the energy to break through. Each bar is a delicious, gluten-free snack thats perfect between meals. Chocolate Peppermint Stick is made with organic oats, rich chocolate and covered in a cool coating that's chock-full of real peppermint candy goodness.
737	health	Annies uses Organic ingredients that taste great without relying on artificial colors or flavors. Certified organic, these vegan and gluten-free bunny-shaped fruit snacks are made with real fruit juice and packed with 100% Daily Value of Vitamin C. You and your kids can happily agree on this tasty, portable snack.
250	convenience	Nutri-Grain breakfast biscuits are a tasty and wholesome way to start your morning, even when you are on the go.
94	versatility	KashiGOLEAN Crunch Cereal features a satisfying blend of crunchy puffed grain clusters made with toasty hard red wheat, brown rice, barley, and rye with a touch of honey and cinnamon in every bite. A yummy addition to any balanced breakfast, our GOLEANCrunch Cerealpairs well with dairy or nut milk, yogurt, and fresh fruit.Travel-ready, this cereal makes a tasty snack at work, afternoon pick-me-up at school or late-night treat and is perfect for stowing in lunchboxes, totes, and backpacks. Crispy and crunchy, KashiGOLEAN Crunch Cereal is low fat (3 grams or less per 55 grams), provides an excellent source of fiber, is a good source of protein, and is also Non-GMO Project Verified.
103	gourmet experience	100% fruit snack. Sir newton had a theory about gravity, he observed its effect under our fruit leather tree; flat wild apples would drop, supporting his hunch, but the evidence was gone - Isaac ate them for lunch. Diabetics/Diet exchange: 1 fruit.
342	taste	Canada Dry Mandarin Orange Sparkling Seltzer Water is a crisp, bubbly sparkling water beverage that provides all of the hydration benefits of regular water with a bright, refreshing sparkle and a fresh twist of all-natural mandarin orange flavor. With no sweeteners and zero calories, Canada Dry Sparkling Seltzer Water is water made interesting.
251	taste	Town House Rosemary & Olive Oil Focaccia Crackers feature dried rosemary and olive oil in every bite. Crispy, crunchy, and a little bit toasty, these incredible savory crackers make a wonderful stand-alone snack and go great with dips, cheese, fruit preserves, deli meats, and more. Add them to your party platter, pack em for lunch, and keep them on hand for a simple snack at school, work, or home.
913	taste	An American favorite: the perfect combination of chocolate and peanut butter. REESE'S King Size Peanut Butter Cups satisfy all your hungry snackers.
565	health	Made from real California almonds, Almond Breeze Original is a deliciously creamy alternative to dairy and soymilk. Almond Breeze Original is lactose free, soy free, calcium enriched, and contains only 60 calories per glassthats half the calories of 2% milk. Enjoy chilled by the glass and on your cereal. You will love how it froths in coffee drinks, enhances fruit smoothies, and blends cup for cup in your favorite recipes.
191	taste	Caff Lungo: essentially , this is the everyday, every ,morning cup of coffee. Aromatic and balanced long coffee cup (8 ounce) with a fine layer of crema. Medium roast and coarser grind to deliver on the everyday morning cup with smooth and light notes. 48 coffee servings.
671	health	100% Organic. Healthy snacks. No additives, No preservatives. No fat. Crispy, chewy, healthy. Always good tasting. Always organic. Why organic? To ensure nutrition and good health for you and your family. Bare Fruit products are certified organic. This means they are produced according to strict USDA guidelines. We never use synthetic fertilizers, pesticides, herbicides or antibiotics. Manufactured in a nut free facility. 4 Apples in every bag. Source of fiber. Gluten free. USDA organic. Certified organic by Washington State Department of Agriculture. Product of USA.
42	taste	Nature valley granola thins are delicate squares of granola with a unique, delightfully crispy texture. Each thin is paired with delicious melt-in-your-mouth creamy peanut butter. Granola thins are 100 percent natural, individually packaged and, at 90 calories per square, a perfect pick-me-up you can feel good about eating.
899	health	Pacific Foods Organic Oat Original Beverage lets the sweetness of the oats shine in this creamy beverage. Good source of calcium and vitamin D, this beverage is also low-fat, lactose, cholesterol, and soy free, is vegan, and is certified USDA-organic. At Pacific Foods, were proud of using simple recipes and clean ingredients sourced as close to home as possible. We steer clear of preservatives, additives and GMOs and always will. Our mission is to nourish every body, one meal at a time.
683	gourmet experience	Bionatur (bee-oh-na-too-ray) roughly translates to mean "organic nature." For the founders of the company it means this and far more. It means the celebration of Old World tradition, of authentic Italian food and of family. The superior quality of our foods is made possible by the traditional small-scale production that is so unique to Italy. Each product is lovingly crafted by food artisans who utilize timeless methods of production handed down from multiple generations. Each product is made with passion, resulting in the highest quality and most genuine offering.
879	health	For energy to help you start your morning try a wholesome breakfast with Quaker Strawberries & Cream Instant Oatmeal. Enjoy the sweetly rich flavors of strawberries and cream while the hearty whole grains fill you up. Single-serving packets are easy to prepare for a hot breakfast on even the busiest morning. Simply empty the packet contents into a bowl, measure and add hot water, and stir. Your oatmeal is ready to eat only 90 seconds later. The packets are also portable, so you can take one with you and prepare a wholesome bowl of oatmeal anywhere there's hot water.
668	taste	Annie's Bunny shape pasta with yummy cheese combines our original white cheddar cheese with a fun, bunny shape pasta for kids to enjoy. We all know how hard it is to get kids to eat healthy, nutritious food, so we thought we'd help out all you frustrated parents by making our original Mac & cheese a little more fun. The bunny shape pasta was created in honor of Bernie, our favorite Rabbit of Approval. Now kids can have a totally delicious meal and enjoy eating it too!
92	gourmet experience	Dip into any one of Mrs. Richardson's mouth-watering ice cream toppings and dessert sauces and you'll immediately notice Baldwin Richardson's attention to quality and craft. From the most decadent hot fudge to the authentic fruit taste of our strawberry topping, your indulgent craving is sure to be satisfied.
458	health	Amazing grass amazing trio combines our organic wheat grass with organic barley grass and alfalfa giving you not one, but three of the best organic greens around. Farm fresh and USDA certified, our amazing trio blend naturally detoxifies the body and boost immune systems and the addition of alfalfa adds calcium and phosphorous, great for preventing bone loss. Amazing grass grows our wheat and barley grasses and alfalfa at our family-run farm in Kansas. Our grasses and alfalfa are grown outdoors through a cold winter, developing deep root structures which allow the plants to absorb an abundance of nutrients and minerals not offered by others. Amazing grass is dedicated to the finest and raw ingredients keeping the best of what mother nature has perfect. In the end, making others happy makes us happy people.
91	health	Wholesome goodness, inside and out. No sugar added. Non-GMO. No artificial colors, flavors or preservatives. Product topper may vary from item pictured.
790	versatility	LouAna coconut oil 100%LouAna All Natural Pure Coconut Oil can replace butter, shortening and liquid oils in many of your favorite recipes. It is refined from the meat of mature coconuts, so there is no coconut flavor or aroma. Its ideal for baking, sauting and stir-frying and contains 0 trans fats and no cholesterol.  This refined coconut oil is packed in opaque plastic to protect freshness, ensure safety and reduce cost. .LouAna All Natural Pure Coconut Oil, 14 fl oz.
615	versatility	Bumble Bee Prime Fillet Solid White Albacore in Water includes hand-selected premium, solid white albacore packed in water. This is our firmest, whitest, best Albacore ever and is perfect for almost any tuna recipe. Bumble Bee is an advocate for living a healthier lifestyle and offers a variety of recipes to support your Health & Wellness goals. Some of our favorite recipes are: Tuna Cakes with Jalapeno Mustard Dip (Paleo), Tuna and Black Bean Burrito Bowl with Cilantro-Lime Dressing, and Honey Wasabi Tuna Burritos. You can find all of these delicious recipes and more on the Bumble Bee website.
369	gourmet experience	Treat your taste buds with Knorr Rice Sides Chicken Rice (5.6oz). Our rice & pasta blend expertly combines onions, carrots, garlic and parsley beautifully with the mouth-watering, chicken-flavored sauce . Our deliciously seasoned Rice Sides are great as part of a delicious main dish or as a standalone side dish. Make Knorr Rice Sides the foundation of a crowd-pleasing dinner. Your family is sure to love the mouth-watering, chicken-flavor of Knorr Rice Sides Chicken Rice (5.6oz). On top of tasting delicious, our rice dishes are quick and easy to prepare. Knorr Rice Sides cook in just seven minutes on the stovetop or microwave. Knorr Rice Sides have no artificial flavors making it an excellent choice for creating a family-favorite meal. Use Knorr's easy rice side dishes to create a mouth-watering main dish. Simply prepare Knorr Rice Sides and add your favorite meat and vegetables to make a dinner your family is sure to love. You can find great recipes from Knorr like our chef-inspired Cheesy Chicken Monterey recipe -- simply add chicken, green chilies, and Monterey Jack cheese to turn a side dish into a cheesy entree. Discover more quick and delicious dinner ideas at Knorr.com. There are hundreds of recipes to help you find dinner inspiration. Knorr also has Pasta Sides, Fiesta Sides, Italian Sides and more. Knorr offers more than 40 varieties of rice and pasta sides so you can be sure to find flavors your family will love. Knorr believes that good food matters and everyday meals can be just as magical as special occasions. Knorr products owe their taste and flavors to the culinary skills and passion of our chefs. Knorr sources high-quality ingredients to create delicious side dishes, bouillons, sauces, gravies, soups and seasonings enjoyed by families everywhere.
252	versatility	Kellogg's origins is a delicious range of cereals that offers honest nutrition you need to keep life simple.
203	convenience	Sharing is optional with HERSHEY'S Nuggets Chocolates Assortment. Treat yourself and your friends to this 38.5-ounce party bag assortment of rich and delicious HERSHEY'S Nuggets Chocolates for your next sweet indulgence. This assortment includes HERSHEY'S SPECIAL DARK Mildly Sweet Chocolate with Almonds (gold foil), HERSHEY'S Extra Creamy Milk Chocolate with Toffee and Almonds (gold foil), HERSHEY'S Milk Chocolate (silver foil), and HERSHEY'S Milk Chocolate with Almonds (gold foil). Perfect for snacking, candy dishes, and gifting, this variety pack offers something for every chocolate lover. Sweeten up any day at home, school, or the workplace with these beautiful, foil-wrapped treats. These HERSHEY'S Chocolates are OU Kosher Certified. This product ships as a 38.5-ounce party bag.
314	health	Oskri is committed to offering the best nutritional bars from ingredients grown and prepared in a natural way, without the use of and preservatives. Each item is gluten free and all-natural. Oskri's products are produced using renewable wind energy and great care to meet all nutritional needs. By buying this product, you are supporting small farms, and helping protect our fragile eco-system. Our products are truly global recognized, Oskri bars are sold in more than 40 countries world-wide. You may see English, Spanish, German, Dutch, Italian, Arabic, and French languages on our product packaging. They are made exclusively in lake mill, WI., USA.
709	health	Quaker Brown Sugar Oatmeal Squares deliver 46g of whole grains in a crunchy cereal with a tasty touch of brown sugar sweetness. Experts recommend eating at least three one-ounce equivalents of whole grains, or 48 grams daily, based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Quaker Oatmeal Squares has 46 grams per serving. Also, this Quaker cereal is a good source of calcium and helps promote heart health* (*Diets rich in whole grain foods and other plant foods and low in total fat, saturated fat, and cholesterol may reduce the risk of heart disease). Quaker Cinnamon Oatmeal Squares continue the Quaker tradition of bringing hearty, wholesome products to families for over 130 years.
959	health	We're simply organic. Our goal is to enrich people's lives an honest promise of freshness, quality and taste that can only come from organically grown foods. We celebrate life, honor tradition and whole natural. 1% of All sales benefit organic agriculture
187	taste	Espresso: developed to deliver a full bodied, short and long coffee cup with velvety crema. Utilizes a finer grind and lighter roast to deliver fine acidity and winey character.
265	health	The Lowrey's Hot and Spicy Bacon Curls make the perfect low-carb snack. Not only are the bacon curls delicious, they are high in protein, and contain 60-percent less fat than fried pork rinds. To make, simply put the bacon curls in the microwave for 1 to 2 minutes and then enjoy. Eat them right from the bag or with your favorite hot sauce, dip, salsa or barbecue sauce. Founded in 1918, Oberto Brands is a family-owned leader in the meat snacks industry. Oberto Brands includes Oberto, Pacific Gold Reserve, and Cattleman's Cut, each with its own mission, purpose and legions of passionate fans. Employing more than 300 food professionals at his home base in Kent, WA, Obertos mission is to empower people to make better choices for a healthier and happier life.
364	gourmet experience	Treat your taste buds with Knorr Rice Sides Mushroom Rice (5.5oz). Our rice & pasta blend expertly adds a delightful savory mushroom flavor to classic dishes. Our deliciously seasoned Rice Sides are great as part of a delicious main dish or as a standalone side dish. Make Knorr Rice Sides the foundation of a crowd-pleasing dinner. Your family is sure to love the savory mushroom flavor of Knorr Rice Sides Mushroom Rice (5.5oz). On top of tasting delicious, our Mushroom Rice is quick and easy to prepare. Knorr Rice Sides cook in just seven minutes on the stovetop or microwave. Knorr Rice Sides have no artificial flavors making it an excellent choice for creating a family-favorite meal. Use Knorr Sides to create a mouth-watering main dish. Simply prepare Knorr Rice Sides and add your favorite meat and vegetables to make a dinner your family is sure to love. Discover more quick and delicious dinner ideas at Knorr.com. There are hundreds of recipes to help you find dinner inspiration. Knorr also has Pasta Sides, Fiesta Sides, Italian Sides and more. Knorr offers more than 40 varieties of rice and pasta sides so you can be sure to find flavors your family will love. Knorr believes that good food matters and everyday meals can be just as magical as special occasions. Knorr products owe their taste and flavors to the culinary skills and passion of our chefs. Knorr sources high-quality ingredients to create delicious side dishes, bouillons, sauces, gravies, soups and seasonings enjoyed by families everywhere.
904	taste	Twinings English Breakfast Tea was originally blended to complement the traditional, hearty English breakfast, from which its name derives. Their refreshing and invigorating flavor makes English breakfast one of the most popular black teas to drink at any time or occasion - not just for breakfast. English breakfast can be enjoyed with or without milk, sweetened or unsweetened - the choice is yours. English breakfast tea is a rich and satisfying robust tea, traditionally blended with Kenyan and Assam black teas.
585	taste	This sauce is the boss! Award winning barbecue sauce.
220	taste	Lean strips of 100% beef smoked over mesquite and seasoned just right.
256	gourmet experience	Town House Tuscan Cheese Focaccia Crackers feature a delicious, savory blend of Italian-inspired spices and parmesan cheese in every bite. Crispy, crunchy, and a little bit toasty, these incredible savory crackers make a wonderful stand-alone snack and go great with dips, cheese, fruit preserves, deli meats, and more. Add them to your party platter, pack em for lunch, and keep them on hand for a simple snack at school, work, or home.
114	gourmet experience	Kellogg's has been making great-tasting, high quality foods for over 100 years, including Pop-Tarts...a breakfast favorite of millions since 1967. Whether toasted or enjoyed right from the pack, Kellogg's Pop-Tarts make mornings and snacktime fun. They're a sweet treat everyone can enjoy whether sitting down for breakfast or running out the door. These tasty tarts pack the delicious flavor of strawberry and real peanut butter into every bite. Wrapped in convenient two-tart packs, Pop-Tarts are an easy pick for a quick lunchtime recharge or snack on-the-go. This package includes one six-count box of Kellogg's Gone Nutty PB & J Strawberry Pop-Tarts.
466	taste	This earthy blend is soulful, smoky, and deliciously smooth, just like the original 7Buffalo SoldierLP release. Excellent flavor, nuanced by hints of chocolate cream and lemon undertones with a rich, lingering finishthis liberating cup leaves you wanting more. Now available in EcoCup, easy to recycle clear plastic single serve capsules. Plus, 1 cent for every cup sold goes directly to support clean water initiatives through Water Wise Coffee. Marley Coffee and RealCup brands have no affiliation with Keurig Green Mountain Inc., Keurig or K-Cup. Keurig and K-Cup are registered trademarks of Keurig Green Mountain Inc.
324	versatility	Town House Sea Salt Pita Crackers feature delicious ingredients and a just-right touch of sea salt in every bite. Crispy, crunchy, and a little bit toasty, these incredible savory crackers make a wonderful stand-alone snack and go great with dips, cheese, fruit preserves, deli meats, and more. Add them to your party platter, pack 'em for lunch, and keep them on hand for a simple snack at school, work, or home.
65	health	There is much more to post-workout recovery than catching your breath, especially when youre a runner, endurance athlete or cross-training at high intensity. Vega sport recovery accelerator features a unique blend of 23 synergistic plant-based ingredients and a 4-to-1 ration of carbs to protein to help you recharge and repair so you can do it all again sooner. Vega sport recovery accelerator helps you address all six key elements of recovery with functional ingredients including glucosamine, devils claw, American ginseng, maca, l-arginine, electrolytes and turmeric. Add a scoop of Vega sport recovery accelerator to ice-water, shake and drink up to 20 minutes after your workout as part of the recovery stage of the Vega sport nutrition system.
995	taste	Tostitos multigrain scoops. Tortilla chips are a dip lover's dream. Every bite is like a miniature chip bowl, ready to dip and pop straight into your mouth. It's everything you love about tostitos original chips' texture and taste, perfectly configured into a unique shape that can handle even the heartiest of dips. With a satisfying crunch, they're the perfect chip for dipping into the good stuff. Grab a bag, gather around the dip bowl, and let the party start.
408	gourmet experience	Profood international corporation is the largest Philippine based dried mango producer and the standard bearer of world class processed fruit products from the Philippine island. From the small company that once catered only to the local market, profood international corporation has proven to become the leading producer of various dried fruits, fruit preserves, purees, concentrates and juices. Its products are available all over the Philippines and exported to many countries in Asia, Europe, Canada and the united states. As it is situated on the island of Cebu, its central location proves over other processed fruit exporters. This gives profood an easy access to continuous supply of premium quality fruits from any part of the Philippines. Since its inception in 1980. Profood international corporation has remained steadfast in its commitment to product excellence. This strict adherence to superior quality has earned not only satisfaction from discriminating Filipino and foreign customers but also recognition from industry partners. With its respectable position in the export industry, profood international corporation strives even more to maintain the degree of consistency in quality and professionalism known to many of its business counterparts.
320	health	Orville Redenbachers Naturals Light Classic Butter & Sea Salt Popcorn has 50% less fat and 20% less calories than regular butter-flavored popcorn, making it a smart food to snack on. Orville Redenbachers is the only leading brand that uses real butter* and the only leading brand of microwave popcorn with no artificial preservatives, flavors, or dyes in all of our products. Our 100% whole grain microwave popcorn is made with high-quality kernels. Orville Redenbachers isnt just a nameit comes with a promise of excellence and authenticity. This microwave popcorn is a family-favorite snack, with 130 calories per serving and 0 g trans fat per serving. Pair with sensible sweet snacks for a wholesome treat. * Select products contain real butter. See package ingredients for details.
400	gourmet experience	Kikkoman Soy Sauce is produced from carefully selected ingredients: its fine aroma is composed of roughly 300 different components, while its well-balanced mix of the five basic flavors satisfies the palate. Kikkoman users around the world know that this seasoning enhances not only Asian cuisines, but Western dishes as well. This is proven by the fact that Kikkoman Soy Sauce is requested in more than 100 countries. Kikkoman Soy Sauce is all purpose seasoning.
990	health	Enjoy the taste of real coffee and rich caramel with Atkins Caf Caramel Protein-Rich Shakes and give your body the steady energy it needs. Packed with essential vitamins and minerals, 15 grams of protein and 1 gram of sugar per serving, our shakes keep you satisfied throughout the day. Each shake is gluten free and contains 2 grams of net carbs, making it perfect for a low carb lifestyle. Includes one box of 4 ready-to-drink protein shakes. The Atkins Diet and Lifestyle provides quick, effective, and balanced weight loss by limiting carbs and sugar to help the body burn fat for fuel and keep your energy steady. With over 80 published clinical studies to support the principles behind the Atkins Diet, we provide filling and delicious snacks to help you stay on track!
327	taste	Remember the good ol' days with this sweet, full-bodied All-American classic. Coffee people donut shop k-cup coffee is a medium roast coffee reminiscent of the cup of joe that you find at classic donut counters throughout the united states. Sweet and rich with dessert flavors in every single cup, this classic coffee is approachable even to those who fear coffee bitters. Sweet savory flavor set coffee people donut shop coffees apart from your average coffee blends, and now you can enjoy this unique coffee with the convenience of single serve k-cup refills. K-Cups are compatible with all Keurig brewers, and are also compatible with the new Keurig 2.0.
703	health	Health Valley Organic Chicken Noodle Soup, 12/15 ozis made with the finest ingredients. It is also a good source of fiber (3g), low in fat (2.5g) and excellent source of vitamin A (20%). For nearly 40 years, Health Valley Organic has used sustainable agricultural practices to bring families like yours the healthiest food from the land. Our USDA-certified organic products don't have any artificial chemicals, flavors, colors, synthetic pesticides, or genetically modified ingredients. What they do have are all the good nutrition--and the rich, satisfying flavors--your family deserves. We also take another big step in helping you understand exactly how healthy our products are. Its called the Health Valley Nutrition Scorecard, and before long, youll see it on each and every Health Valley package.
10	versatility	Delicious, crowd pleasing, and convenient  it cant get much better than Frito-Lay chips and dips. Whether entertaining friends, enjoying a family barbeque, or relaxing at home, our perfectly blended salsas, great tasting cheese and bean dips, and rich dairy dips are always a hit. Mix and match them to discover your own perfect chip/dip pairing.
27	health	This all-natural, award-winning Classic Mayonnaise is prepared with free range eggs, smooth sunflower oil, and bright hints of citrus. Silky and versatile, it's an elegant offering suited for dipping, spreading, and a multitude of as-yet undiscovered applications. At Sir Kensington's, we stand for what's better by delivering Non-GMO Project Verified offerings. With our award-winning lines of ketchup, mayonnaise, and mustard, Sir Kensington's creates products that are recognized as both healthy and uncompromisingly delicious.
804	health	A natural boost of energy from green coffee extract combined with real fruit juices, vitamins, and ginseng
964	health	Miracle Noodles are packed-full with medically documented health benefits. Enjoy them as a fat-free staple in any low-carb, high-fiber diet. Made from water and soluble fiber, Miracle Noodles naturally slow the digestion process and leave you feeling fuller, longer. Ready-to-eat almost instantly, Miracle Noodles are good for you and leave you feeling great.
212	taste	Our craveable creamers transform undrinkable coffee into a delicious treat with our magical trifecta of flavor, sweetness and creaminess.
931	taste	Velvety, earthy, spirited. This smooth riding dark horse conjures up power from the depths of the shadows. This is the winner, the champion of taste. Hop on, hold on, and head for the hills.
322	versatility	Earths Best Organic Baby Food Jars feature yummy combinations of pureed fruits, veggies, meat and whole grains that your little one is sure to love. With multiple stages of purees available for different ages, there's an Earth's Best baby food for every step along the way. Simply choose the appropriate puree based on your baby's age: Stage 1 is for little ones 4 months and older, Stage 2 is for 6 months and older, and Stage 3 is for 9 months and older. Packaged in BPA-free resealable jars, Earth's Best baby food is perfect for on-the-go families. All Earths Best baby food jars are USDA-Certified Organic, made with non-GMO ingredients, and contain no artificial flavors, colors or preservatives. They are also unsweetened, unsalted, and have no added modified starches. From the day that Earths Best was founded in 1985, weve been recognized as a brand dedicated to offering wholesome, safe products for little ones. We believe that babies deserve nutritious fruits handpicked from organic orchards, vegetables grown in natures soil, and foods that are made without genetically engineered ingredients. Offering a wide range of safe and gentle baby care products as well as nourishing foods, Earth's Best products are created with care, using simple ingredients found in nature. Made with love from the ground up, you can trust Earths Best products to be safe for your baby.
488	taste	Maple glazed French toast and rich hot chocolate taste. It's breakfast. It's dessert. It's time for another cup.
757	taste	Looking for a rich and creamy milk chocolate bar? We've got it! Soy- and gluten-free.
698	taste	Blunt, smoky flavors are the objective in creating this, our darkest roasted coffee. The intense flavor makes it one of our most popular coffees. Despite its bold flavor profile, French Roast contains no more caffeine than any of our other coffees.The Starbuck RoastEach coffee requires a slightly different roast to reach its peak of aroma, acidity, body and flavor.
792	gourmet experience	Monograno translates into 'single grain varietal' and indicates the top-of-the-line organic pasta from pastificio felicetti in Trento, Italy.
555	health	No artificial colors, flavors or preservatives
621	convenience	No need to stir! No oily mess! Naturally nutty. Good source of Vitamin E.
445	gourmet experience	Explore a distinctive chocolate tasting experience with the SCHARFFEN BERGER Assorted Tasting Squares Gift Box. Explore nuanced flavor profiles with this selection of artisanal chocolates. With extra dark, bittersweet, semisweet, and extra rich milk chocolates, these tasting squares pair well with wine for a delicious harmony of tastes and textures. Indulge in these individually-wrapped tasting squares whenever you're craving a premium indulgence, or share with friends over glasses of a favorite vintage. SCHARFFEN BERGER Chocolate is Kosher certified and is a gluten-free food. Each 11.29-ounce box reseals to maintain freshness and includes a wine-pairing guide.
105	health	Certified organic, our whole grain corn flakes get a touch of molasses and little else for a naturally tasty breakfast. Certified organic, our whole grain corn flakes get a touch of molasses for a sweet and tasty breakfast.
735	taste	Primavera collection includes: tender turkey primavera with garden veggies and greens in a classic sauce, tuna primavera with garden veggies and greens in a classic sauce, and white meat chicken primavera with garden veggies and greens in a classic sauce.
247	taste	What you see is what you love. Simple plus wholesome = delicious; dark chocolate; roasted, whole almonds, oven-roasted peanuts.
781	health	Gerber Infant Whole Wheat CerealGerber Single-Grain cereals are made with natural grains and gentle ingredients ideal for baby's first food and throughout the first year. Breastmilk or formula is recommended as the main source of a baby's nutrition for the first year. Infant cereal, such as rice cereal, is typically the first complementary food introduced to infants. Vitablocks Nutrient Blend for cereals is Gerber's blend of nutrients specifically formulated for its cereals. It provides an excellent source of iron, zinc and 6 B vitamins for infants and aids in your baby's healthy growth and development.
733	health	Pure, uncompromised, with no added sugar.
118	health	Phosphatidylserine (PS) is a naturally occurring phospholipid and is a component of cell membranes. Jarrow formulas Cogni-PS is a concentrated form of phosphatidylserine from sunflower lecithin that offers superior stability. It does not contain soy and is not derived from genetically modified organisms (non-GMO). Sharp-PS is a registered trademark of Enzymotec ltd., Manufactured and protected under U.S. Patent no.8,324,187.
165	taste	Weve got a new crunch to crave. Horizon snack grahams are made with organic wheat and offer 8g of whole grains per serving. That makes for a delicious, kid-friendly treat any time of day.
900	health	Earths Best Organic Baby Food Pouches feature yummy combinations of pureed fruits, veggies, meat and whole grains that your little one is sure to love. With multiple stages of purees available for different ages, there's an Earth's Best baby food for every step along the way. Simply choose the appropriate puree based on your baby's age: Stage 2 is for little ones 6 months and older, and Stage 3 is for 9 months and older. Packaged in BPA-free resealable pouches, Earth's Best baby food is perfect for on-the-go families. All Earths Best baby food pouches are USDA-Certified Organic, made with non-GMO ingredients, and contain no artificial flavors, or colors. They are also unsweetened, unsalted, and have no added modified starches. From the day that Earths Best was founded in 1985, weve been recognized as a brand dedicated to offering wholesome, safe products for little ones. We believe that babies deserve nutritious fruits handpicked from organic orchards, vegetables grown in natures soil, and foods that are made without genetically engineered ingredients. Offering a wide range of safe and gentle baby care products as well as nourishing foods, Earth's Best products are created with care, using simple ingredients found in nature. Made with love from the ground up, you can trust Earths Best products to be safe for your baby.
245	health	Larabar is a delicious blend of unsweetened fruits, nuts and spices. Made from whole food, each flavor contains no more than nine ingredients. Pure and simple, just as nature intended. With less than 200 calories and just 6 simple ingredients, this snack carries on a great family tradition of simple, indulgent flavors.
924	gourmet experience	Since 1978, Cameron's has been a name snynonymous with specialty coffee rich in flavor, yet subtle and complex. We purchase our specialty grade, arabica coffee beans from around the globe and "small batch" roast them to perfection in one of the finest roa
630	gourmet experience	The 150 year Ortega tradition all started with Maria Conception Jacinta Dominguez Ortega, or as we like to call her, Mama. Mama Ortega. Mama's memorable cooking did more than just bring her family together. It was in Mama's kitchen that her 11th child, Emilio, established the Ortega Chile Packing Company. Emilio's fascination with chiles began when he moved to New Mexico in 1890. Here he encountered the state's popular big red chiles. When he returned home to California a few years later, he brought with him chile pepper seeds and many recipes for dishes he had grown to love while in New Mexico. Back home with his family at their adobe house in Ventura, California, Emilio planted the chile seeds. Those chiles grew extremely well in the temperature climate of Ventura. Soon Emilio had so many chiles he had to give them away. Everyone loved them! That's when he knew he had something special. In 2003, B&G Foods purchased the Ortega brand. Like Emilio Ortega, B&G Foods has a long tradition of commitment to quality. So today, when a family picks up a can of chiles or a box of taco shells, they know they are getting the very best. This web site has been created to continue the rich heritage of the Ortega family. By sharing our collection of delicious Mexican recipes, we hope to help you create fond memories of great meals shared with your family.
609	convenience	<b>Go-To Snacks On-The-Go</b> <br>From meats and cheese to spreads and more, the classic taste of Ritz crackers goes perfectly with just about any topping. Ritz Crackers Handi Snacks come with a smooth cheese dip, making them the perfect lunchbox addition or kids after-school snack. <br><br> This savory snack pack contains 6 individual packs of the Ritz Crackers you know and love. With a well for the cheese topping built right in, Handi Snacks create a very convenient setup for the ultimate snacking duo: cheese and Ritz Crackers. <br><br> <b>Handi Snacks Lend You a Hand</b> <br>Getting your kids ready for school in the morning is hard enough. Make your life easier during those rushing-out-the-door moments by ordering Ritz Handi Snacks in bulk. Just grab a snack tray from the box and toss it into your kids lunchbox. Pairing snack packs with balanced meals makes meal prepping easier than ever before. <br><br> <b>Anytime & Anywhere</b> <br>These treats satisfy your taste buds wherever you go. Whether its your afternoon snack or a party favor, these individual trays are perfectly portioned, without going overboard. Bring packs of Ritz Crackers N Cheese Dip along as a snack on-the-go or enjoy them as a complement to your lunch! <br><br> Ritz Handi Snacks are individually wrapped and one serving size per tray. Real cheese is used to create the delicious creamy dip, and they never need to be refrigerated. At only 100 calories per pack, you can hand out these cheese and crackers without feeling guilty! <br><br> Make your life more delicious and hassle-free with Handi Snacks Ritz Crackers N Cheese Dip packs!
