853	3	Probably the nicest lady you will ever meet, not to mention one of the funniest. Her lectures are simple, and she goes pretty quickly but stops if anyone has questions, or if she notices people are confused, and sometimes stays after class to offer extra help. The midterm and finally are easy, and if you understand the assignments you\'ll be fine.
837	2	He\'s great. Really lays the material out in a comprehensible fashion. If you have a problem, he always stops what he is doing to answer your question and makes sure you understand before continuing
281	3	Lighthearted and fun, he makes math interesting. He tends to go too fast thru some problems, you have to ask him to explain it or slow down. Only 2 tests, add them up and divide by 2 - that\'s your grade. The tests are fully comprehensive, however he doesn\'t give very difficult problems. This class blew my 4.0 GPA and I still recommend him.
576	2	WORST TEACHER EVER! He not only has a thick accent but speaks to the board. He assigns a used car project and explains nothing about it. No help what so ever. DO NOT TAKE!
209	2	I had prof Fenton for algebra. She lectures over everything you need to know, but moves very quickly and if you slow her down she will make you feel dumb for asking a question. If you pay attention, show up for class, and do the homework its an easy A.
610	2	Horrible. She was no help and gets confused as she writes on the board.
933	2	This teacher is amazing. Best math teacher in the whole department. You will never regret taking his math class. I am terrible at math but he is helpful and makes his goal to make his students pass. He is like a friend.
726	2	Owen has been my favorite teacher at Missouri State. Upon writing this, I\'ve discovered what has happened, and I am deeply saddened. Owen was an outstanding person, and it is a great loss to Missouri State and the world alike. I\'ll miss you, Owen.
48	1	ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ!
986	2	WORST TEACHER EVER!!! he doenst want to help anyone and he gets mad when you ask him to explain a problem. he doesnt know what he is doing and messes up on example problems! drop him now!
338	2	I think that she is great. No, really, you do some work, but hey, she helps you and it is possible to get a good grade....like I did.
582	2	Does not speak comprehensible English, you will not understand him he calls "n" yen and "s" yes and says yes after every word so when you need "s" he says yes yes making it impossible to understand. There are many other butcheries of the English language. He thinks himself hilarious and will laugh at his own jokes and no one understands what said.
156	2	He is a nice guy, but did not explain subject matter well. I had to go buy several books to self-teach, practically moved into the math lab! He does go on tangents and only explains how to do the simplistic part of a problem. Not good when the math lab tutors know what teacher you have by how confused you are. Nice guy, but not thorough enough
693	2	The material we learn is definitely not hard. She is a nice and some what a humorous teacher. She has helpful methods There are a few things I would say. She is very picky on how she wants the homework done (it is graded based on correct answers), you are not allowed a calculator, and she kinda gets frustrated when you interrupt to ask a question.
863	3	He was one of the smartest math teachers I had. I took calc previously and the stuff I didn\'t understand, he would help me. His tests are just like they say they are, so pay attention. Also he is very class-volunteer oriented to make sure that everyone understands
791	2	She succeeded at getting me past my math fears where many others had failed miserably. A very warm, very motherly way about her. She\'s a hottie, too, but alas is very married with two kids.
573	1	I couldnt tell if he was lecturing math or about the soccer club...
242	2	He teaches Science and is very knowledgeable in science and make class fun and the labs are fun also. Took both of my sciences with him. He\'s get you to think.
993	3	dont take this teacher if you have trouble with math. i had to spend a lot of extra time in the math lab because his lessons were so unclear. i ended up dropping the class and just taking an online course. would not recommend this professor to anyone. AVOID IF POSSIBLE!!
789	1	shes a very nice teacher. even though i hear alot of complaints from the class its onli becuz they are not payin attention at all but yet they expect the teacher to bend over backwards to teach when most of the class doesnt even pay attention. definitely good teacher.
981	2	Professor Dameron is an excellent professor. If you do the work, you will succeed. Professor Dameron wants you to succeed. She is very fair. I took her online class and was quite please. Recommend her highly!!!!!!
499	3	Mr. Ream goes out of his way to help you understand the material and he provides great feedback. He has a great sense of humor and is never afraid to admit when he\'s wrong. He loves statistics and used real life examples which made learning much easier. I really enjoyed the semester (Spring 2015) and would most certainly take another of his classes
108	3	Very nice lady and she means well. But for me,her explanations weren\'t clear & understanding what she was teaching was difficult. Do tons of practice problems,watch PatrickJMT tutorials on youtube,& go to tutoring in the math center. Just don\'t take her in the summer. Midterm & final were very similar to practice tests available.
768	1	I made the mistake of ignoring RMP.Com prior to taking this teacher. I should have dropped this professor like everyone said. This is potentially one of my least favorite profesors at FIT. DROP NOW IF YOU HAVE HER!!
840	3	Vickie Lair is THE WORST teacher I have ever had. I would not be in her class if it wasn\'t the only opening left (wonder why?) She\'s confusing, forgetful, and very unreasonable when it comes to class. She doesn\'t post grades EVER. "It\'s your responsibility." Her reviews for tests are barely that and she crams everything together. Don\'t take her!!!
932	2	DO NOT TAKE HER CLASS! she made things so much harder then they needed to be. She makes you show work for every tiny detail (simple adding and subtracting) I didn\'t listen to a review I read and took the course, listen to this one and DONT!
301	2	Haven\'t understood him since day 1. This was one of the hardest things i\'ve ever done. He doesn\'t explain the problem or how to do it, just writes it straight out of the book and expects you to know it. Hope this helps you decide to not take this class.
387	3	BEST math professor EVER!!! I took her for math 9 and totally changed my whole perspective on math. She gives homework everyday and goes over it the next day in class. She is very patient and explains everything crystal clear. She makes math fun. I would take any of her over and over. She gives two exams and the final.
491	2	Although she is full of knowledge\' Professor Lester allows her attitude dominate infact intimedate the majority of students; who already have a hurdle to overcome in Mathematics. Let alone having to content with an unhappy short tempered controlling condescending- overworked unhappy teacher I use the word teacher lightly.
919	3	This class is hard when it doesn\'t have to be. She spends an incredible amount of time going over things like how to find mean and median and not enough going over new concepts. She does let you use notes for one test and drops your lowest grade. I got an A, but the class was much more challenging than it should have been.
50	2	this guy is a joke.....DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS IF YOU WANT A PASSING GRADE, he is a good person, horrible teacher.
217	2	Very helpful and goes through the work very clearly. Never leaves questions unanswered.Is always trying to find out who needs help.
888	2	Professor Dogru is extremely nice. Very approachable and always willing to explain concepts until everyone understands. Easy to listen to for those 2 hour courses, and gives a break if you need it. I would DEFINITELY RECOMMEND Professor Dogru to any student taking MTH 202. She made retaking 202 a breeze.
74	2	This is one of the most helpful Math teachers that I have ever had for a class! She goes out of her way to help you out and usually responds very quickly to emailed questions; even over the weekend. If Math is intimidating; this is the right teacher to help you learn and understand it!
126	3	Ms Pennington, now Weems, was very helpful and smart. I have always struggled with math, and I took her Stats over the summer, and got a 97. She is really nice and tries to help you in as many ways as possible. We didnt use the book but she used MathXL which greatly affects your grade. I loved her class. Always hated and sucked at math until her.
566	2	This was the second time I had taken College Algebra. Previously I had scored a C, with Prof Fenton I recieved an A. I really enjoyed her class, she took the time to explain things well and she had patience with everyone in the class.
263	2	Jay Ko told us one the first day of class, if you can\'t pass this class with me you shouldn\'t be taking it. He give you all quiz answers in the lecture and the test are comprised of the quizzes.
718	3	Prof Abert is definitely a prof I will never take again, nor will I recommend him to anyone. I ended up catching the flu and missed the first test and he never responded to any of my emails and when I returned and asked to make up the test he said no and walked away. The test I did take had 10 questions. Also, be prepared for nonstop homework...
597	2	4 exams throughout the quarter w/ the lowest score dropped then a final exam. Weight was 50/50 between the 3 exams and final if the average of the 3 was higher than the final. If the final exam grade was higher than the 3 then its 20% for the 3 exams and 80% for the final. I walked into the final with a 73% average. Got an A- in the class.
670	3	Professor Hall is very nice and helpful, but her class can get boring at times. All the homework is on the syllabus and usually it\'s due once every other week. When homework is due you have a quiz. Sometimes she gets confusing, but as long as you keep up with the work you\'ll get a B.. will have to work a little bit for an A.
310	2	No!!! If you are not good in math, don\'t take her. That\'s one of those professors who expect you to know everything before you came to class.
804	2	Second chance teacher, allows for points to be made up.
878	2	She is the worst teacher I have ever had in my entire life. She marked me wrong if i did my math vertically instead of horizontally(ex. multiplication),or if my fratcion lines were diagonal instead of horizontal...im not joking. She wont allow you to have scrap paper, and then takes points off if there are scribble marks on your paper. SUCKS!!!!!!
849	2	This professor is the nicest old lady I have ever seen, however I CANT LEARN!! She doesn\'t really teach, she simply goes over the problems as we watch.
581	3	the previous comments are misleading she goes over material on a tuesday then will test on a thursday which is not enough time to study and complete the online tests and hmwk if you have a problem with a question she will not completely explain the answer but she has a nice personality
865	2	Dr. Hardy is a wonderful teacher that knows what he is talking about! A math wiz! COME to class, BE ON TIME! He seems tough but he is preparing you for the Compass Exit Exam and wants you to understand the material. He is very helpful! Come prepared, bring your book and LISTEN IN CLASS! I passed Math 98 & Compass Exit Exam. THANK YOU Dr. Hardy!
448	3	Dr. Neal is a great teacher! He gives a lot of homework, and does let you out late, but he is always willing to help. He is very enthusiastic about what he does, and is just such an awesome and funny person.
485	2	he is the SWEETEST old man..he will do anything to help you out. fair and very nice!
419	2	you people are dumb! this teacher is the worst guy ever!!!!!!!!!! he writes so small and gets mad if you ask him a question! im never using this site again! you dont know what your talking about
148	2	Has a deep sense of the material, and the wonderful ability to explain through examples. Very helpful.
557	3	Probably one of the WORST teachers you will ever have. You will have to attend tutoring or use Blackwelder\'s videos because this woman can\'t teach to save her life. Her notes are crazily disorganized so when it\'s time to take the practice test YOU HAVE NO CLUE WHERE TO LOOK. If you get her as a teacher..good luck
324	2	She will go out of her way to help you with any problem that you may have. She uses her own mnemonic devices to help you understand better the mechanics of Math 1130. A++ teacher!! Take her!
38	2	[Im continuing my review from the one below] The other comments seem ridiculous. Her looks don\'t matter, it\'s about how she can help you. If you are not afraid to ask for help take her. She won\'t push you away. She does have a little tardy issue but that just means you can be a little late yourself. I wish she was teaching 131 this semester!
587	2	Prof. Burns is honestly the best teacher you\'ll ever come across at STCC! He\'s amazing, and helps you out as much as he can. He understands the students and is very flexible. I recommend everyone takes him!
439	2	Very Enthusiastic about teaching however he doesnt allow the use of TI-83, 89 for any of his exams.
410	2	He\'s the BEST teacher I have ever had. Take him and you will not regret. Thanks, Todd.
53	1	A mistake.
600	2	Very hard class, not easy!! Expects you to know things that were never taught. Stay away!!
688	3	He was a horrible teacher. You must avoid him if you can. His exams are hard because they have tricky questions. He comes off as a very approachable guy, but beware. Gives you problems from the book to study yet none of them relates to the probs on the exams. He\'ll try to help you during the office hour, but still doesn\'t help. Goes WAY too fast!
880	1	worst prof ever,if u taking it ,better drop it.
717	1	NO COMMENT!
244	3	Professor Moore is a very friendly professor however her lectures are very unclear. She makes a lot of mistakes during lecture and although she corrects herself, it gets confusing. Her tests are extremely hard, and there was a quiz EVERYDAY!
132	2	Mrs. Johnson is a wonderful teacher, one of the best I have ever had. She genuinely cares about the success of her students and wants them to do good. She is more than willing to help when a student needs extra help. She tries to teach each lesson several different ways because everyone learns differently. HIGHLY recommend this teacher!
563	1	Shes nice.
220	2	THE EASIEST TEACHER IN HISTORY. I never came to class, never did homework, and I swear she gave me an A for a test I never took. The nicest, quirkiest, funniest old lady you will ever meet. Do not take her if you want to make less than an A. If you do not make an A you need a CAT scan.
96	3	Helpful helpful helpful! This is the guy you want if you are fearing math. I was dreading math but Hu tells you on Day 1 that he has study sessions. Saved my tail! It doesn\'t mean he\'s easy. It\'s college math: it\'s not supposed to be. But in the study sessions he works 1on1 with you til you get it. And he\'s very funny too! He makes class enjoyable.
809	1	This was the worst math class I have ever taken. I know some would strongly disagree but heasr me out. After taking calculus in high school from a fantastic teacher, I entered this class with the feeling that it wouldn\'t be too difficult. Granite I am a freshman and this was my first quarter in college, I did not expect it to be that bad. I was
83	2	This woman is the worst teacher ever. she does not care who fails, all she wants to do is make your life miserable cuz she is miserable. i went to class regularily, attempted at her impossible hw, got A\'s on all labs, and did ok on the tests, but i still failed
697	3	Seriously, anyone who complains is someone who just doesn\'t care. J. Tarski IS a little hard to understand, but you get passed it after 2w. He has such a big heart & tried his best to answer any questions to the best of his ability. He also encourages the Math Res. Center! Quiz/Test open note. Take him if you\'re serious about learning!
307	1	Best teacher ever. Made math understanding
957	3	I was in Dr. Hall\'s class for two semesters of Excursions. Got into a lot of subject matter you wouldn\'t classify as "math." Wouldn\'t call it easy, but wouldn\'t call it hard either. Although there\'s usually one hard test per semester. But the quizzes every Friday can pull up your grade.
145	2	The best math teacher I\'ve ever had. He is so good at explaining things, it\'s really easy to understand what he\'s talking about.
1000	2	She loves to teach.Great teaching method and care about her students a lot. She was born to be a great teacher and I\'m happy that I\'ve taken her class once...you won\'t regret it :)
416	2	Very good teacher to have. Understandable and uses a lot of examples. Helps with homework and one of the best teachers I have had on campus.
549	2	He is HORRIBLE!!!!! Do not take him if you can. His tests are very hard and nothing is multiple choice and he has other students grade his work because he can\'t! He has even lost students work!
5	2	This is an incredible teacher, however, you must be ready to work with no book. That is very unconventional for us older students, but you will make it. She will go above and beyond her calling to make sure you get the lessons; you just have to ask her. If you are really struggling, she will help you outside of class! I highly recommend her :)
705	2	Kathy Moore is the best math teacher I have ever had. If you can get in her class do so! She makes mathematics interesting and her passion for math makes her class fun. She is very helpful and will explain how to do the problems in very clear simple ways. Her classes are the only time I\'ve enjoyed math.
708	2	I love Ms. Lester and all things she thought me. However, I believe she could be a lil more explanatory and lil bit easier test....but over she was a good teacher
144	2	Bob.. Is fabulous! He helps people when they need help. If you are worried he will reassure you that everything will all work out in the end! He teaches you not to give up on yourself and to remember that you can do this work-- all you have got to do is try and take BOB!
270	3	Bonnie and I did NOT make a good match. Nice lady and she means well, but you\'ll end up teaching yourself everything from the book- and then become lost because her test questions will be in a completely different format!! I struggled, but survived in the end- however I would never do it again.
927	3	This guy could cut class with his Adonis like stature, if you know what I am saying. Good teacher, very clear with instructions and just as helpful. I took two exams and did my homework. Homework is not graded, but it will help you in the long run. Hardest nips this side of the Mississippi!
480	2	Terrible prof. doesnt help students at all, doesn\'t answer questions, just all around bad!
285	3	Vo is a really nice guy and you can tell he definitely cares about his students and how well he teaches. He changed his teaching style halfway through the year to make his lectures better. Tests are similar to the review that he hands out but can be long.
890	2	I took his online Intro to Statistics class. He didn\'t leave feedback on problems I\'d miss, in order to tell me what I was doing wrong, so I\'d have to commute to college to talk to him in person.
952	4	In her probability and statistics class, she does not explain things well at all. She did not show us how to use statcrunch bc "we can\'t use it on tests" (it was made for online hw!) So online hw takes HOURS. She does not drop lowest grade or provide extra credit. So if you don\'t understand her complex teaching, you are screwed.
295	2	Her grading system is rediculous. Homework and quizzes count double what tests count and if you do bad on a homework assignment you can have your grade drop a lot. iDid bad on one homework assignment, took me from an A to a low C. Nice person and even a decent teacher, but terrible grading system. Avoid her!
951	1	I had never gotten higher than a C in highschool, i got a B+ in his class!!!
14	3	Like a normal college professor, your grade depends solely on quizzes and tests but don\'t worry, she\'ll probably curve 2 of them. The book is helpful if you\'re new to Stats especially if you want an A. But she doesn\'t collect hw. Calculator is also very helpful since you can just calculate the answers on it for tests and she lets you. Saved me tbh
706	2	Take her class! She actually cares about her students and wants to help them as much as possible:)
516	3	Great teacher. Taught very well. Was always willing to help if you had questions. His tests are appropriate for the course and doesn\'t pick ridiculous problems. You are fine as long as you do the homework. One of my top math teachers.
752	3	Don\'t take symmetry. Most pointless and confusing class I\'ve ever taken. She\'s not a bad professor but the subject is just very confusing and abstract. It was a very awkward class. She will assign homework that doesn\'t make any sense, mainly because the textbook makes no sense. I would not recommend anyone taking this class.
357	2	I went twice and got an A. As long as you do the HW you will be fine and the math is a joke. However, the two times that I did go, I wanted to jump out the window, he is awful. He mumbles, speaks awful english and gets frustrated after the second question. But take the class for the easy MATH/DEC credit, trust me.
122	3	This online class has lectures twice a week. There are pop quizzes (poppers) in every lecture, practice exams mimic the real exams and your grade on the practice gives you extra credit toward the exams. You have 20 attempts to get 100 on your quizzes and practice exams. You have the option to opt out of the final if you maintain a B or above.
622	2	Before I took this course, I was scared to death of math, because it was a subject in which I had always performed poorly. Mrs. Seagle is helpful and kind, and explains the subject matter in a way that is practical and accessible. She expects students to show up and put in the work, but then again, if you do not, you\'ll never learn statistics.
910	2	Quereshi is a funny teacher. take his class if you are looking to pass math 220. I hate math, but he made it not so bad.
896	2	good teacher! he is always trying to make the class laugh
984	3	Shes the worst math teacher I\'ve ever had. I feel like she doesn\'t know the material, if she does she doesn\'t teach it at all. Her tests are not what she teaches. It\'s not even worth doing the 2 hours of homework every night because it\'s only worth 50 points anyways. She doesn\'t want to help or explain. She yells at you if you ask for help.
473	2	i would definitely recommend taking her class. she realy knows her stuff and is pretty kick back. tests and quizzes were challenging so go to class!
478	3	I took her online Elementary Algebra class. She was an okay teacher. The videos and notes were very helpful, but she wasn\'t really that helpful. She took forever responding to emails, and she wouldn\'t let you make up any work. She wasn\'t the worst teacher, but she wasn\'t the best either!
864	2	This is the best math teacher ever.If you want to pass take her.The class is extremely easy and she is a cool teacher
956	2	WONDERFUL TEACHER. SHE WAS VERY HELPFUL IN EVERYWAY SHE COULD BE. TAKE HER FOR THIS CLASS. BY THE WAY, SHE DOES HAVE A PET PEEVE, DO NOT SPELL HER NAME WRONG!!! OR LET CELL PHONES RING IN CLASS!!
296	3	Calculus III is hard - the material. But Mark makes it easier to understand the information by drawing and showing proofs (he is great at drawing 3-D graphs, by the way). His homework is always complex and makes you think really hard (applying). Usually takes me atleast 2 hours to complete his daily homework. But great teacher!
730	3	The best Math Teacher I have ever had in my life. Go to class, pay attention, I also when to went to tutoring and I always got an A on every test, project, and homework. Gives AMPLE AMOUNTS of extra credit. Drops lowest test grade. Not great in Math well SHE WILL CHANGE THAT. MUST TAKE CLASS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
379	2	Absolutely the worst teacher I have ever had. She makes you feel like a moron if you ask questions.
642	2	The majority of the exam had content on it that was not covered very well. I hope you understand math and word problems if you take him.
754	3	Great professor. Received an "A" w 90 and above on all 3 exam (drops the lowest grade), not sure wht my departmental grade was but very linear. Show that you care & attend all classes (makes a key difference on if you\'re getting a "B" or "A") Exams (even the departmental) comes from his reviews-don\'t miss them. Go over h.w, class probs should b ok
59	2	A very empathetic instructor, she pays attention to questions and feedback. She wants you to succeed. Do your best and you\'ll be fine.
799	3	Tests are near impossible to finish and account for most of grade. Does not grade on a curve. Only covers examples exactly as written in textbook, the tests and quizzes are in a completely different format than homework. Alot of homework assigned for very little % of grade. Most will struggle with him unless you already know subject well.
372	2	In a history of math classes I\'ve taken Ive never actually received A\'s of any of my test. She even gave us candy ,DO the extra credit trust me it helps!
272	2	Gives partial Credits, You have to work very hard to get an A and F Easily passable
975	2	I had her for Elementary Statistics and she was a very helpful teacher, she made sure that you understood what we were covering at the time.
170	2	Do not take this class if you want to be interrupted during a question, learn more from doing the homework online than the teacher. We never used book, except for on the homework theres a few questions that are about the section but theyre no biggie. Not a fun class. If youre someone who likes to do activities, find another class.
240	2	get ready to take notes. he writes them all on the black boards and doesn\'t post anything online. If you miss class you wont have any idea what\'s going on unless you go to his office hours
208	3	He truly is a nice old man and will help you but is very old fashioned. He gives out packets for you to learn the material basically on your own but let\'s you do test/quiz corrections which is nice. His lectures are basically just examples and can be disorganized. He wants you to write steps out but he skips steps himself which causes confusion.
359	3	great teacher! gives an easy quiz every class period that is only 2 or 3 questions and she goes over it directly before you take it. gives 2 weeks to complete hw assignments. very helpful, easy b+/a
875	2	Good Professor, teaches the class very well, very helpful, makes calculus easy to understand even though it is a difficult subject
601	2	He\'s an awesome teacher, but it takes a while to understand how he teaches.. Do your h/w and ask questions and you\'ll do fine... but most importantly, study for the final... it\'s totally different!!!!
510	2	Prof. Hampel is a great teacher. She is fair, helpful, and knows her stuff. If you show effort, she will help you out as much as possible. Truly cares about students. I recommend!
435	3	Dr. Sowell is AWESOME! Took her for Elemantary Statistics and dreaded it from day one! She made it as easy as possible and explained everything very well. Tests were not too bad, but the hw is online which I hated.. She genuinly cares wether you learn or not and will do anything to help you as long as you put in the effort! I DEFINATELY reccomend!!
586	2	awesome teacher, I recomend her to anyone, she is GREAT!!!!!!!!!!!
35	2	It is pointless to go to class, except for the weekly quizzes at the end of class. Just teach yourself from the textbook and work through problems. His tests are easy because the questions come from the textbook. The department final was also pretty easy, but I would say this class is easy for those who can self-teach.
635	4	Gao is a tough cookie. He has an accent and tends to be very lazy when executing problems for the class, but I enjoyed his class. He assigns weekly homework, weekly quizzes, THREE midterms, and ONE comprehensive final(worth twice of a midterm). He will try to trick you on some of his quizzes, but the midterms and final are chosen from HW questions
434	3	Extremely picky grader. He takes points off for lack of punctuation on math problems. He is easily agitated and has no problem talking down to people and making nasty or passive-aggressive remarks. The worst part is that the material he teaches leaves you completely unprepared for the courses you need to take after. Avoid him.
312	3	Ms. Hafeez isn\'t a bad professor, but she\'s not going to spoon feed you. If you\'re good in math and have good study habits, I would say take her. If not, it\'s best to take someone else. She goes pretty fast so it can be hard to understand what\'s going on. I passed with an A but I studied my butt off. Her reviews help a ton for tests.
702	2	Had a B average in there until the final and made a C. He is not very clear and will interrupt himself while working out a problem to go on a tangent. Not recommended.
476	1	great professor...only thing that got me through college algebra was having Todd for elementary and intermediate
332	3	Conrad is not as bad as the reviews. Took a night class and he was always concerned with the students understanding the material before continuing to the next assignment. We used mathlabs for all the hw and quizzes so a lot of self learning and studying but Conrad did teach well in my opinion. Funny guy too. Would take again.
474	2	Ms. Fenton is cool. She does not count attendance as a grade, but she notices if students are not present, so DO NOT SKIP CLASS. Take her class. She will call on you to answer questions in class, so be prepared to speak when called upon. Oh! Show all of your work on tests! Memorize all formulas early in the semester! She cares.
616	3	Nice teacher, explains well. If you want to do good in MATH208 do past midterms and finals!! Sometimes similar questions come up and sometimes the EXACT question comes up with the same numbers! So whoever you have as a teacher just do past exams and understand the material
8	2	I eventually just stopped going to class and just taught myself the material. No website, no homework solutions, little or no lecture preparation.. If you are looking for someone to actually teach you math, avoid this prof.
422	2	Has an accent, but doesn\'t make it any harder to understand. Open book test. Don\'t play around because of it though. Open book Math is not easy.
267	2	I took Calc 1 as a freshman. In highschool, math was my best subject. He did not do well at explaining WHY he was doing things. He would just go through examples. By far the worst teacher I have ever had. DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS. There are other teachers that offer Calculus and I have heard much much better things about him.
57	2	Great teach but hard class. He kept the class interesting. However, he did not explain maple and other programs used in the class - making the class harder than it had to be.
385	3	Funny Russian accent and cool guy. Great examples in physics for calculus problems. Found lectures really interesting using MAPLE programs in class. Very helpful in office hours and was available outside of class for questions. Really nice math prof.
184	2	Agree with previous comments: seems cold at first but then he warms up to you and starts joking about things. Always lets you out of class a few minutes late. At times he can be unclear about material but he\'s willing to help you understand it.
392	3	His exams are way harder than his quizzes and the homework he assigns. I got A\'s and B\'s on all his quizzes. I went to tutoring 3x a week and to peer study sessions once a week. I went to him for help and was told that he doesn\'t expect much from his students and he doesn\'t understand why I\'m struggling. I attended every lecture.
872	4	I really enjoyed Dr. Sowell\'s class. She is there to help her students and cares about how you do in the class. You have homework every night and tests are weighted heavy, but if you do the homework you should to good on tests. I would recommend her!!
201	1	Excellent teacher.
101	2	He is so boring that it is everything I can do not to fall asleep in his class. He doesn\'t explain anything, so if you take him make sure you have a buddy in the class to get together with and study on your own.
60	2	Professor Dogru is a great professor. She is foreign so she has a very slight accent and occasionally she will accidentally mess up some grammar while talking but she is extremely helpful and truly cares about her students
495	2	online class was really hard, went too fast. Would not put lectures up until the day the assignment was due
895	2	Its not as bad as everyone complains its actually easy just do the work. teach is very helpful under and above the table
147	2	Prof Burk is literally the best professor. I hate math and he made the class bearable. Moreover, he is always willing to help and always responds to email. 100% recommend him for Business Calc!!
686	1	What a condescending person! So not approachable
397	2	Took the time to make sure everyone understands. speaks slowly and concisely so that you have time to absorb the information. Got an A without any problems.
894	3	I am not good at math and she made it very easy to understand. I took this class online and her lectures are posted if you cant log on when shes on. There is homework quizzes and poppers due every week but relatively easy if you follow along. Exams are taken at casa and easy as long as you study and do your work for the class.
317	2	Dr. Hall is a professor that you should avoid. I went to her for help and constantly wanted to improve in her class but she didn\'t care and didn\'t help me. She is very smart but not so good at getting the info across. Take someone else. Trust me.
177	2	Not a very good teacher. Lectures are long and you walk away learning nothing. Don\'t take her - I respect her origins, but she has a heavy accent and it\'s quite hard to understand her sometimes. Also, she is BAD AT MATH. Makes MANY mistakes and often confuses the entire class. Stay away from her if you\'re taking her in a big lecture...
181	2	Made class more enjoyable and made a rather complicated subject understandable. Has available office hours before class and is always willing to help. He is also one of the goofiest and funniest professors I\'ve had!
835	2	really easy and friendly teacher. students take advantage of him all the time, but there is no way you will NOT pass the class. He doesnt require you to be better but he will know who you are and your name by the second class.
767	2	Great Teacher. Explained everything clearly and always wrote examples on the board. Never got below a 96 on any of his tests.
20	1	Nice teacher.
807	1	Incredibly helpful if you have questions.
69	4	He seems to know his stuff. However, he wastes way too much time trying to prove EVERYTHING! This caused our section to fall behind. To catch up to the others for the final, he had to cover the last chapter with very little depth. He\'s a very easy grader, and overall, the class is extremely easy. Homework is optional.
796	2	I don\'t know about you...but if I can\'t take notes during lectures, I\'m pretty much up the creek without a paddle! We\'re there to learn, not to fail.
454	2	Super easy class if you like math. He will help you any way you can. I took him for 1005 and now 1530
232	3	I <3 p.wilson. Extremely passionate about math and the sweetest professor I know. Easy class, can re take midterms, turn in late hw, and has tons of office hours. Take him! He\'s awesome! ..Too many kids goof off in class as if they were in high school still.. please be respectful and don\'t take advantage of him (=
617	3	Karen is nice. She gives a reading quiz but then goes over what you just read the next class so it can be boring. Do the homework, memorize a bunch of stuff, and you\'ll be hard pressed to get less than a B.
54	3	This post is for those students who are serious about math. If you can take a 300 level course with him do so! He teaches and he gives you every chance in the world to do well. His exams are out of 105 points but 80 is considered a perfect score. He also gives extra credit projects if you need them. Good class, good teacher. Take him!
247	2	She\'s nice but her way of teaching is blah. Everything she does is by the math department. Her answer to everything is literally "It\'s on the syllabus." If you want to pass and actually understand take another professor.
914	4	Not the most organized teacher but the class is not too difficult. He rarely collected homework and he always gave out study guides for the tests. 3 tests and 5 geometry software assignments. Go to class and you\'ll do fine.
710	2	Very hard teacher. I get straight A\'s in my previous math courses in college but could not learn from her. VERY picky. Should have dropped earlier to get a refund but I decided to stick it out. Dropped just before first test as I knew she couldn\'t teach me. Only concerned with getting through material, not how well she covers or explains it.
815	3	Young is amazing! I suck at math but I got an A in this class (after getting a C in intermediate algebra which was taken online with an instructor that didn\'t always respond to requests for help in time for the test). For me, the A took quite a bit of intense work. Generous extra credit and fabulous DIY lecture videos were very much appreciated!
24	2	Although she is a very friendly person and tries her hardest she makes mistakes in every lecture which only confuses the students. She wants her students to do well but it felt like we were learning the course with her and not being taught the course. I do not recommend this professor.
337	4	Professor Abert was a good professor. He teaches a little fast in my opinion but he is very knowledgeable. He takes attendance but does not give any in class quizzes. 10% of your grade is online LONCAPA and this alone will teach you everything you need to pass the class. He does not give study guides for the tests but you can just review LONCAPA.
571	2	I took her for an online class. She is a great teacher always helpful! The book work gets alittle hard but its not her making it up!
812	2	Moliassa is a really odd guy. He gets a little too enthusiastic about math. He\'s a good guy though and really helpful. He\'s good at making difficult topics easy to understand. Going to class is necessary to passing.
482	2	Incredibly rude and disrespectful towards students and other adults. This is a university, not an elementary classroom.
114	2	I think Mt. Johnson is an awesome teacher and is one of the few that really care if you get it or not. If you don\'t understand speak up and she will help you anyway she can to make sure you understand. I can\'t say enough good things about her. I hate algebra and she helps you get it even when it is hard for you.I got a B and I suck in this area.
169	2	Great class...patient teacher...class is pretty easy and if your having trouble following the class he is more than willing to assist you, even during test/quizzes. You wont have any regrets taking his class and his accent is not a hindurance in your studies.
763	3	one thing to remember in his class is that its an easy A. all you have to do is write down whatever he writes, b/c what he writes is on the quiz. if one wants to make an easy C, just pay attention on the day of a quiz when he goes over the chapter. make sure people ask questions b4 test b/c more questions means more answers!!!!
363	2	Hard to understand, but it\'s math and he writes it on the baord so it\'s ok. Teaches the subject well, and he\'s kinda goofy so it makes class interesting. good teacher overall
698	2	this prof is teriable i will never ever take him again. sucks at teaching anything. however he will give you extra credit.
731	2	Pretty easy teacher, if you want an easy A get him! But beware, his English is not good!
544	2	I don\'t know if it\'s just her or every MATH 095 teacher but that class was hard as hell and MAT 105 was a breeze. A transitional class shouldn\'t be harder than the regular classes. She crams way too much stuff into each week also.
26	3	She doesen\'t really know what she is talking about. She can\'t always explain questions from students in class -and when she does some are incorrect! Relies to heavily on CourseCompas.com to do her work... all she does is grade your blue books! If you have no problem teaching yourself, you\'ll be just fine. She really uses website as crutch!!BAD!
290	2	McKibben is the man! Though I think he is a little too smart. Sometimes I have trouble following his thought process which is lightning fast so us slower beings tend to get lost on the first try.
198	2	This professor was incredibly boring. While teaching the class he talks to the blackboard...and you can only understand every other word. Believe me if you\'re have a hard time with math,this prof. is def. NOT the prof. for you!
12	2	Don\'t do this to yourself!! Seriously. He\'s a horrible teacher. Absolutely horrible. He gets mad when students ask questions and he disgards questions most of the time. He is so lost on what he\'s teaching... he def will not help at all!!
989	2	Teaches by doing example after example. Writes very fast on the board and it can be difficult to keep up with him. He does explain concepts clearly though
629	2	Although I hate math, I took her because I heard she was easy. Well, it wasn\'t a piece of cake but if you go EVERY DAY she will "curve the grades considerably at the end"
234	2	Makes a difficult subject into something understandable. Always willing to spend time to help those confused.
735	3	Hes alright but the hype is really unjustified. His rating should be around 3.0. Lectures are out of the book and homework problems are obviously way different than the generic book examples. Weekly quizzes on the unit circle got old after awhile when one little mistake could cause a 60%. Not a bad guy though
656	2	Very rude and has an unpredictable mood. One day she is happy, and the next she is not. She seems like she does not like her job very much. She told me to come and ask for help, but then asked me to leave her office and not to come to class that day.
243	2	She is a great teacher and just like anyone else if she see you are coming to class and really have a interest to learn the material she is always willing to help. She always allow time at the beginning of class to go over any problems from homework. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
277	3	I had this professor for my stats class! In all honesty I struggled a bit but with A LOT of studying outside of class, I managed to pull an A thank god. He was a kind teacher who did care for my grade and if you put in the extra effort, will reward you greatly! He gave lots of opportunities to better test scores.
78	1	Act like he didnt care and didnt want to be there.
917	3	I personally do not care for this professor because of his teaching style. He only gives grades on quizzes and exams so if you don\'t do well on those then you can\'t really redeem yourself. His homework isn\'t required to turn in but recommended for practice. He is a very tough grader!
699	2	Took Mr. Hu\'s summer school course. He was awesome! Explains everything in detail. He is well organized and goes over things that way you definitely absorb the information. I would take him again!
445	2	Very sour and rude. She doesn\'t seem like she likes her job or the students very much. She gets easily frustrated, and seems to have a hard time explaining things in a way that other people can understand. It\'s like it\'s her way or the highway...
595	2	Her class notes are easy to understand but when she assigns the homework its not what was explained in class notes! I feel that she should do some of the even homework problems in class with us so that we can understand the homework better
68	2	GREAT TEACHER. Must be dedicated to getting assignments in on time. He gives fair chances and is always willing to help! Definitely take his class!
90	2	its 4th grade work that we did but her grading system is terrible. you get points off because youre not putting all the equal signs the way she wants it, or your work is messy, or overly erased, or not placed under the original example, when you should get 100 you end up getting like a 80 because of all the extra points she takes off. yack.
394	3	Mr. Young provides a relaxed classroom environment. He is a funny and bright teacher. He gives an extra credit opportunity before each test, most of which were just writing paragraphs about math site recommendations. He puts all his effort into helping his class succeed. Could not recommend him more!
155	2	Tests count as a rediculous amount, but gives opportunity for redemption!!
674	2	Dr. Sowell is great and she knows what shes doing. But, I feel she could work on her teaching skills. She moves very fast and sometimes dosent show every step of the problem. For someone who is a Bio major and not math inclined this can prove hard. She has really strengthed my math skills though. Take her shes great, youll just have to work hard.
418	2	This is the best math professor I have had. He is by far the easiest grader I have ever seen. With that being said make sure you practice and do problems. Put in the effort and you will get an A.
300	3	Mrs. Everage is the sweetest lady ever! She is very helpful and cares great deal about her classes. Do not buy the textbook you will not use it once! Make sure to go to class everyday, you will get points on some days just for showing up. If you keep up with the online homework everyday, you will do well.
727	2	Mrs. Zrolka is the best, if you come to class, take notes and pay attention you shouldn\'t have a problem. If you\'re really struggling she is always in her office ready to help but you have to put in the work. If you\'re not a strong test taker or have a hard time grasping the material then you need to be her best friend but she will help you.
200	1	Awesome teacher.
511	3	the midterm average was 57%, what else really has to be said. Writes fast, all over the board, continuously corrected by students, however one-on-one he\'s actually really helpful The "any questions" thing wont even help you because you\'re so confused on what he just wrote and explained.
40	2	To do well on exams you have to know the concepts well. She does a good job of explaining in lecture and provides good examples. She\'s a very straightforward professor and the exams are fair.
207	1	His online class was HARD!!!
531	3	If you come to class and take notes you will have no probably passing the class! It is important to study for the test and quizzes because thats the only grades you will recieve. The homework is optional. If you study your notes you will have no problem passing the test or quiz. You have to be willing to put the time in to study to pass.
944	3	Very nice professor. Answers emails promptly. However, doesnt have chat hours which is really hard to deal with especially for a math course. Otherwise everything is with webassign. Not so bad, I would recommend him!
447	2	Dr. Peters is a fabulous professor. Anyone that can make calculus understandable deserves a gold star. He has a lot of enthusiam for the subject matter. He is a very nice person and always willing to help if needed. Clearly, this is a very intelligent man. I love Dr. Peters!!!
483	4	I love this guy, he really wants his students to succeed and he\'s a funny guy. There\'s a quiz almost every week and only 2 exams. If you read the book and do homework problems on the stuff you don\'t understand you should be set for an A. He lets you have a cheat sheet too for the exams.
526	2	She tries her best to help everyone pass the class while still comprehending everything needed.
769	2	She\'s at times difficult to understand with her accent, but after a while you get used to it and her accent\'s not too big of a problem. All she does is read the book word for word. She rushes through the problems as if we should understand them already. She does help with homework once a week, which is helpful.
636	1	Gives you multiple chances to succeed.
268	2	Mr. Conrad was a funny guy but his teaching method is a lot different then what i\'m use to. If your someone who understands math easy, you\'d probably enjoy his class, otherwise i\'d recommend taking another teacher!!!!
371	1	hard. I had to take it for my major though
916	2	easy class and stuff can be made up, but he has to be the hardest to understand teacher i\'ve ever had in my life. He never answers any questions clearly and constantly mumbles. NEVER USED THE BOOK
679	2	he is the worst teacher ever out there. if you want to hear the F..k WORD ALL THE TIME,you want to take him. i was in a class of 24 students and just 6 people survive. the attitude of this teacher is the worst ever. expect that when taking this class. WE CAREFULL AND GOOD LUCK!!!
838	3	I really enjoyed having this teacher. I LOVED doing all the homework online, the due dates are clear, extra credit is literally on most paper assignments, she\'s extremely nice, and has many ways to help when you\'re confused (Herself, office hours and e-mail, SI leader, YouTube links for help). There\'s a lot of work, but not redundant busy work.
968	2	As always, he doesn\'t do much to mislead his students. He tests you on what he says he\'ll test you on, save for about 10-20 points of stuff that isn\'t on the review to see if you really learned anything and didn\'t just memorize the review. It is very easy to do well in his class and the graduate students love him.
560	3	True, she has a different style of teaching that can be confusing at first.Tests r hard but is a combination of quizzes and lecture (+ she curves!).She\'s willing to help alot if asked. She expects you to do outside work and doesn\'t spoon-feed the answers so you actually understand what you\'re doing.
843	2	Mr. Qureshi is very clear and precise. He clearly enjoys math and really wants to help you understand and love it too. He\'s extremely funny and playful when it comes to numbers. Unless you don\'t come to class and don\'t care about getting a good grade, you should get an A.
569	2	Applied math major here. def one of the best math profs I\'ve taken at CSULB. I would jump at any opportunity to take her again. Great professor and person.
294	1	He made me understand and like math
879	1	Do I really need to say anything? Just look at the other comments. Great guy.
110	3	Professor Gao can be lazy at times but overall his class is somewhat easy. He has a heavy accent so it is difficult to understand him at times. He\'s a lenient grader. There are four exams(final included) and like 10 quizzes. Overall, if you can avoid him, avoid him; else you wont regret it.
149	3	He is awesome. ALEKS is obnxious but all Math310s have to do it. He gives quiz outlines, explains everything, is clear....it\'s a very simple subject as well - especially if you\'re into Math. He is flexible and approachable. He didn\'t make any students feel dumb like I would have....EASY A.
100	3	She works with anyone who needs help. Very friendly, corny jokes but has a sense of humor. Not too strict when it comes to grading, show effort and she will take notice of this. BTW: she is not hot.
382	1	Funny Guy! love the adidas. great singing voice. Nicely dressed. easy to understand. easy to ask questions. very knowledgeable. makes class interesting
346	2	He is unlike any other math professor. This class had many challenging concepts, but he was always insistent on making it fun (ie to learn about hyperbolic geometry, he brought in pringles)! He learns your name quickly and is always very personable. If you have to take a hard math class, take it from him!!
135	2	One word. NIGHTMARE
545	2	Awesome teacher. Always willing to help. He makes the class fun.
245	2	Ok, it\'s not that she laughs at you, is her way even when you are right she laughs, but if you are not good at math don\'t take her, she expects you to know what you are suppose to know, no extra nothing, what you got is what you are going to get, she won\'t help you with extra points, she does not encourages you. She\'s nice but tough NOT EASY CLASS
136	2	Her class was an easy A. The only thing you really need to do is just study her test and you\'re good. She sometimes messes up but overall she\'s a great professor.
591	3	One of the best math professors someone could hope for. I had him for Bus Calc, and he was wonderful. He was always available to help, even outside of his official office hours. He really appreciates if you show that you\'re trying. Some of his test questions straight from the review and homework, so as long as you understand those, you\'ll be fine.
159	2	Great teacher!!! very helpful and very determined to help you pass expecially if your math background is not strong. he sticks by his office hours so visit him whenever you have a question. He has an easy-going kind of character. Word to the wise... make sure to brush up on your trig because your going to need it.
460	2	Karen is very generous and definitely makes learning easy. She is always available for help outside of class too
369	2	Set a new standard for unhelpful profs. Goes at his own rapid pace whether or not anyone is following. Highly reccommended if you want to become dumber at math.
839	2	Not necessarily a easy class, but well worth your effort and time! This instructor is awesome! She builds your knowledge up from ground Zero to algebra. She is very thorough, takes the extra time to work with students 1on 1, not something you see every
885	2	She is more interested in her music math classes than in this one for sure, but overall is a good teacher. If you don\'t get something the first time, she\'ll reteach it to you in a different way in office hours. Works with all types of learners. Must attend class if want help...skip if you want, but don\'t expect her to help you if you\'re stuck.
367	3	If ur the type of student that needs to learn to understand a subject and nt just memorize, she\'s good for u. The flaw is that she moves quickly but if u keep up on eGrade u\'ll b fine. Go to class! U get extra points.Go to her if u need help;she\'s helpful. I didn\'t do the hw, only the practice before the quizzes & tests & got an A with no problem.
406	2	I had her for College Algebra this summer and she was wonderful. I have never been good at math and she would explain it to me until I understood. She is very serious about math, but I think it\'s awesome that my MATH teacher likes MATH:) She\'s very sweet and a great teacher.
947	2	I had her for two semester. She really takes the time out to help you with your work. She is the best math teacher I ever had. She is very funny and always talks about her kids. SHe\'s a great professor.
426	2	Dr. Cawthorne is the bomb diggity of a teacher. She is extremely helpful and accommodating to those that are truly interested in learning. She cares about her studeents.
928	2	Flake is right! I used to play \'how long can we distract lawson today?\' in every class, which was easy anyways, but we got up to an hour before he noticed.. If you don\'t want to work you butt off, take this guy.
912	2	Kind of BLAH!! He teaches science, and really thought more about his science classes then our math class. Felt stupid in this class! Felt stupid because of the teacher!!
866	3	He is a very nice man, seems interested in helping. Sometimes he gets confused, and be sure to go over the tests! Makes several mistakes on grading.
942	1	She was ok, but I heard that she selects students to stay after class to watch her grade tests.
51	2	She is an incredible math teacher and an incredible person! She cares about each and every one of her students and she will help you as much as you need it, she is fast at responding to emails and she is funny too. One of the most wonderful and the most memorable professors Ive ever had.
344	2	John Burk is a great professor! I failed Business Calc the first time but after taking him I actually started understanding. He gives a good bit of homework but it all helps for the exams that he gives.
187	3	it was Precalc and that was easy but he is a great teacher, lectures and notes are helpful, tests are not difficult if you study your notes and the weekly quizes...he wants everyone to do well but had no curve, you have to earn your grade but it is not hared to do with old fashioned hard work and study.
816	1	Todd is a really good teacher.
785	1	Cares for his graduate level classes but sure as hell couldnt care less about his undergrads. Its sad.
530	1	good prof
185	1	She is the worst professor that I took because she is not helpful at all.
643	1	My favorite teacher ever! I love him!
479	2	This guy sucks at life. If your a math genius then you\'ll be fine. I got an A in college Algebra, but i had to drop his class. he is super strict on thing like, phones, behavor, and tarties. Blows by everything really fast. Will help u if u ask but still explains everything fast and makes you feel dumb and treats u like ur not trying in the class
339	2	By far the best math teacher I ever had. Took this class in spring and failed, so I decided to take it again in summer (everyone said not to because it would be harder) and passed with flying colors. He made the work so understandable! If you had questions he would help you. He went over everything and the text he used was cheap. Deff Recommend!!
255	2	He\'s awesome. Take him! Lot\'s of homework but he is willing to help all the time.
818	1	awesome luved his class.......
286	2	WARNING: DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS. Dr. Wilson\'s class is too all over this place. His instructions are so unclear, he makes basic algebra seem like rocket science. he is very rude to his students at times. he doesn\'t care if you are on your phone. if you have to take him just show up, sit in the back and bring headphones.
678	3	Mrs. Hays is a very sweet lady. She seems to genuinely care about everyone, and wants you to do well. However, she does get annoyed if you are talking to someone while she is. No food or cell phone allowed in class- she will literally call you out. Just be respectful and pay attention. You will receive an easy A!
778	1	Get outta the sixties you freak!
830	2	The guys a lunatic. He\'s never prepared for teaching his course.
551	4	Super easy class. mid terms can be made up, hw can be late, can earn extra credit for practice problems. He is resourceful and nice. He is kind of old and stutters at times he even takes naps in between breaks and can put you on the spot if you talk but not in a mean way.
876	1	average
825	3	Great teacher! Make sure you go to class as she randomly takes attendance and gives you extra credit points. Very clear with her lectures. Teaches kinda fast but always has helpful homework posted.
983	3	WORST EVER - drop the class, honestly she is so confusing and her class is the most boring thing ever. Everyone in the class looks at each other like WHAT THE HECK IS GOING ON! (so it\'s not just me). Her tests are hard, she thinks she\'s teaching - but she\'s really not. STAY AWAY
180	3	Avoid at all costs. Nice person, terrible teacher. I\'m going to barely pass, most of my classmates have to retake next semester. Only copies problems from the books, and gets irritated when was stopped to explain the steps. I spent a lot of time teaching myself from the book. Her grading system is very arbitrary too
750	3	DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS IF YOU HAVE NEVER TAKEN CALCULUS OR TRIG! Overall, I\'ve had a horrible experience in this course. I didn\'t not learn anything from him. I had too go home and learn the material by myself. Many of the problems on his tests are different from the homework he assigned. He is very sarcastic and expects you to already know e.
227	1	Hahaha guys,pls give him a break. Math isn\'t an easy subject.First, you all should admirer him for being "smarta$$". Second, you should spend more time to study rather than sitting here complaining about him. He\'s a great professor. Although LB isn\'t a hottie but he\'s definitely a cutie[sometimes:)
929	2	Jerry is an excellent professor. I have had fairly poor experience with math instructors here at Western, but Jerry made the class very enjoyable. He is a great man and cares about each student. He learns everyone\'s name and tries to get to know you personally. Take a class with Jerry, you won\'t regret it!
1	4	Mitra is very smart. With that said however, he\'s not very good at teaching. Expect to furiously write the examples HE solves on the board, leaving the class confused, and teaching yourself. There\'s no HW and there are 3 exams plus a final. He does drop the lowest grade of one of the regular exams. If you\'re not very good at math I\'d say stay away.
634	2	Awesome, awesome, awesome! If you need help, she\'s there. But her style of teaching makes it so that there is really never a need for extra help. She rocks.
358	2	Very great teacher. Hes goofy and out there which is different from the average teacher. He makes up funny sayings and tries his best to relate math with real world examples. I was never bored in his class. He picks on everyone so beware and pay attention at all times. I would definitely recommend him. I wish I could take him for Stats.
258	1	wonderful wom.an who wants to help everyone
224	3	Professor Espaa is great! Im terrible in math and passed the class with decent grade. If you participate in class she gives extra points on the tests. 4 tests 1 cumulative test if you havent done good on the others. Easy class. Highly reccomend.
494	2	This woman is insane...she has no idea how to teach or what she is talking about. It is impossible to learn from her and i will be sure to never take her again.
538	2	his very easy professor, he spend time to the students before and after the class, his the best professor in statistics, he give a lot of extra credit.. the best!
411	2	The subject matter isn\'t easy, but Ziller did a good job of taking the time to explain anything we didn\'t understand.
696	2	Before this class, I really hated math. But she helped everything to be so simple and clear. She is very patient, and the way she teaches is in a manner that even the slowest leaner can understand. She will repeat the lesson again and even review before going onto the next lesson. Totally recommended for those who hate math and want a good teacher.
70	3	This course is very heavy on online HW and quizzes. There is four exams and the reviews tend to be helpful.
973	3	Look im gonna be 100% honest...hes kind of weird yes. but hes a pretty good prof...his ability to teach is not what makes this class suck..its his ability to grade..he is an EXTREMELY hard grader and requires every decimal point to be correct..as other users stated..his tests are 10x harder then material.if your not bad at math take.otherwise avoid
907	3	Ms. Hafeez seemed ill-prepared for class, and normally just winged her teaching. Still, as long as you do the homework, quizzes, and in-class "poppers" (daily-work that she uses to check attendance), than you\'ll be fine. This class is easy to pass, as long as you do the necessary work.
7	3	Super nice guy who makes Calc much easier. The WebAssign homework is disproportionately harder than the exams--if you can do the homework, the exams will be a breeze, but they aren\'t too bad anyway. Go to class, review his lecture slides on Blackboard, do the homework, and know the study guides well, and you will make an A+. 1010 would recommend.
661	3	Tough class to pass. A little hard to understand him at first, but not after a few sessions. He makes some hilarious jokes in class! Dr. Khanal allows you to replace your lowest test grade with your final grade if higher, final multiple choice. Gives partial credit on everything. Quizzes are easy and test are kinda hard. Doesn\'t give extra credit.
667	3	She is easily the worst professor I\'ve ever had and I am a junior. She has people essentially teach themselves every lesson or she teaches a lesson then "gets tired" and stops. Zero feedback on any graded item. Forces you to use WebWork, a completely outdated program that is horrible in every way. Lazy, poorly put together, and generally terrible.
56	2	doctor peters is a fabulous math teacher, although he is a ridiculously picky grader!! as long as you follow his format on the board and make sure to copy it directly in your notes so that you can mimick it for tests/quizzes, you should be okay!! he\'s funny, too.
701	2	Great guy, great teacher. Take this class. Highly recomended. Devry sucks, but this guy is awsome.
381	1	HOT teacher, pretty easy. I\'d rail it!!!!!
351	3	Mr. Robertson is one of the worst math teachers ever. His teaching methods are strange, all he does is go into tangents that have no relation to the work. His tests are very difficult, including the final. The only good thing about him is his ability to work with you if you miss homework/quizzes/tests. Overall...bad teacher.
632	4	I took Prof. Hu Summer \'14. He is a great teacher. Very willing to help. Gives tons of examples during the lecture. He does have an accent, but you get used to it. Very kind and nice teacher. He gives tons of HW, but that\'s how you learn math anyway. Quizes everyday, Mon,Wed,Fri were group, Tue,Thu were individual. On test you can bring cheat sheet
63	3	The best teacher ever. Her explanations are great and very clear. She is very nice and knows that you need plenty of examples to understand the material. All she does are examples in class which is the only way, in my opinion, that math should be taught. Go over her past practice exams, very very similar.
216	3	this man is truly a nerd among nerds. but he\'s also a fantastic math teacher. if you like silly math riddles this class is for you. He loves to put tricky questions on the tests and there is a problem of the week which is basically a mathriddle that he wants to share with you. altogether not bad. keep an eye out for tricks and you should be ok
535	3	I took this class online and passed with a B. You do have to put in the work but the professor is the best. Just make sure you keep up with your weekly assignments and quizzes. He provides study guides for both mid-term and final. You need only to buy the code for the book.
183	2	Moliassa is a hilarious & makes math fun! He often came to class with chalk all over his face & always said good morning even though it was evening. He was very helpful and clarified a lot of topics for me. After having Moliassa for pre-calc I became so interested in math that I ended up taking calculus even though it\'s not required for my degree.
488	2	Very clear. Makes sure everyone understands. Listen in class and do the assignments and you\'ll do great. Also make sure to ask if something is not clear.
654	2	She\'s easy enough to understand if you pay attention to her example but has an attitude when students ask questions. Doesn\'t allow them to finish the question. Makes them feel stupid with her tone so they don\'t want to elaborate on what they are actually confused on. If math doesn\'t come easily to you I\'d recommend a different instructor.
743	3	Hays is definitely set in her ways but shes fair. Her rules are simple I dont know why its hard for people to follow them. Dont be on your phone, come to class prepared and dont disrupt class. She wants the answers on tests in a specific way but she gives you exactly what you need to study word for word so its not hard
361	1	Also, her handwriting is impossible to read, which causes her to repeat everything she writes down several times.
877	2	Very confusing at times. I would have no idea what he was talking about. He likes to jump around a lot. Tends to "forget" things a lot. Stuff like "oh yeah you need to know this to do this problem but i forgot to teach it to you." Is a very interesting person though and has some funny stories.
140	1	GREAT teacher! Always makes class laugh and is gret to look at :) . I wish I could take him for more classes.
709	2	Im not sure if he still teaches, but this guy is a incredibly smart! He is a bit hard to understand but if you ask questions you will understand. He is a very reasonable guy. I despited a test grade, and he was very nice and open minded about it, and ended up changing it. He\'ll stay after class to help you too. I wish he tough more classes!
452	1	Taught using videos for the first three weeks of class.
76	2	Drop the "f bomb" a lot. Unprofessional, disrespectful, immature,,, and yes I am speaking of the teacher. Got a B in the class, but teacher pretty much blows.
146	4	This class was really challenging for me. She is a good professor but moves really quickly so I recommend going to tutoring if you want to pass the class. Three quizzes, three tests and a cumulative final. Most people would get cs-fs on the exams. She curves the class at the end knowing that most people either drop or will fail.
420	4	I definitely would not recommend taking her class. She is a nice woman but not the best teacher. She teaches the easy things pretty well but when it comes to the confusing stuff, she speeds right through it. She gives out way too much homework (online and worksheets) and doesn\'t accept any excuses. She is also very stingy about grading.
700	2	Amazing teacher, makes you learn whether you realize it or not, and very easy on the eyes. Take every and any math class you can with this woman!
707	1	worst professor i\'ve ever had. drop this class asap.
125	3	She explains things well, but sometimes she will give the most complicated way to solve a problem. She goes over homework assignments at least twice before the quiz, and reviews just before the quiz. The only think bad is she is sometimes confusing, but if you tell her your confused she\'ll explain
16	2	Professor Burk is awesome! Best math teacher I have ever had. He truly cares about his students and goes to great lengths to make sure that everyone understands the material.
884	2	HE IS THEEEEE BEST STATS TEACHER IN ALL OF UC!!!! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND HIM!!! :) :) :)
475	2	She\'s interesting... Like everyone else said, she\'ll make you feel dumb if you slow her down with questions, but she is still willing to help. She\'s very understanding if you\'re respectful but I wouldn\'t exactly recommend her. If you are semi good at math and pay attention for the most part, you should be okay though.
631	2	He is a really good human being. Very caring to his students. Tests were not that hard.
413	2	He\'s got a heavy accent that you can get used to if you try hard enough. He\'s very nice, but not very clear. i thought i was gonna fail the class but I ended up with a C. I wouldn\'t go out of my way to take this class but I also wouldn\'t be scared away from the bad reviews. Its very passable.
98	2	Very confusing. Makes the simplest problems so confusing. I\'ve never been taught math in the way that he teaches it. I\'m better off teaching myself. Do yourself a favor and don\'t take him unless your good at math.
974	3	He\'s a nice guy, and will try his best to pass you if you show effort, but he just cant teach. He goes rediculously fast in spots, painfully slow in others, and has all his notes on overheads which he changes out b4 you finish writing. A decent prof to take but you\'ll wind up learning most of everything from the book. Does help in office hours.
395	1	Best math instructor at the college
498	3	She is very nice, and likable as a person but her teaching style is very difficult to follow along & speaks very fast. With us she has to go by the departmental syllabus. She only shows us a few problems & its hard to ask questions. Tests have nothing to do with class work or MyMathLab. Also i think the Mastery worksheets are given too much.
128	2	Great professor. Made it easy to comprehend in class and made great use of electronic notes.
143	3	calc 3 with him at first it was hard to understand him trust me you get used to his accent, give both online hw and hw he made up. test is heavily based off the problems he made so if you can solve them quick you\'ll Ace his class
152	3	I hate math and it hates me, but Mr. Seat explains thing that makes it easy to understand. I took him for elem. alge and would of took him again for inter. alge but he was teaching in Leb and I did not want to drive that far.He doesn\'t require you to do homework it is just practice for you. All of his test is submitted on line= to an A on the test.
870	3	She\'s a great professor. Pay attention if you haven\'t taken stats, but if you did then it\'s pretty much review. I suggest going to tutoring, and do the homework. It really helps with practice. Go to lectures, they\'re important. Tests are easy if you know what you\'re doing. I suggest her as a stats professor. No midterm, cheatsheet for final! Easy.
210	3	She is the Greatest Teacher in GPC. You\'ll love math even if you never did before. She explains everything so well, you must get it, if you belong in college. She is just really Awsome.You\'ll learn a lot. Her tests & grades are very fair if you study. Do homeworks and Pay attention in Class you\'ll get an A. It is a great pleasure taking her class.
614	2	very livid about students talking during class. She seems like an ignorant person.. I would not take her if I was you.
308	3	This class was hard for me, but I haven\'t been in school or used most of the material covered in real life in 20 years. She was very helpful & was always able to explain how to do the problems when I got stuck. There is a bunch of homework & tests weigh for 70% of your grade. As long as you do the homework you should\'t have any problems with tests.
455	2	basic math/beginner algebra. very energetic instructor. answers questions thoroughly. makes math fun and enjoyable. i highly recomend her.
62	2	Mr. Hu is a very nice guy, but he\'s also one of the most difficult math professors I\'ve ever had. I struggled to earn a C, but Hu is very well organized and you can learn a lot from his lectures. Not recommended for the faint of heart but if you identify as a math geek and like a challenge then this is the guy for you.
109	4	Dr. Dogru was a good professor in my opinion. She gave very tough tests, but was always fair. The class consists mostly of her handing out packets of the material and were expected to work on it with a group. She walks around and if you got stuck, she could explain it many different ways. She is a very smart woman and rather challenging.
528	2	Worst handwriting ever looks like a child scribbled on the board. No very helpful. Major Bi...
319	3	Loved the guy. Interesting despite the topic and always cracks jokes. Easy grader and throws a huge curve at the end of the semester.
496	3	She is an EXCELLENT! teacher. She makes all students prove and present proofs. Some students hate that. However, she is very helpful. Most of us having fun and learning well. Her exam questions are hard. I took the class in spring 12, it was fun. I recommend her.
826	2	She wrote this to the whole class: "I will point out where your mistakes are, NOT what you must do to fix them. It is your responsibility as part of the learning process, to go over the lecture again. Then you should work the problems in the lecture and compare what you did with what is in the lecture." What is the point of a professor then
167	3	She was not a helpful professor. She always had to derive an equation and prove it. Her method of grading was awful. At the end of the course she had to drop 8 of the lowest homework grades because the entire class was doing so poorly.
378	3	super sweetheart, but doesnt teach very clear. you need to do the hw to understand whats going on. hw is worth points anyways, so just pay attention when you do it. i tried, but not my absolute best and i got a B.throughout the whole sememester our grades were curved. i would for sure take him again. HE\'S A SWEETHEART!
423	2	Mr. Conrad is a great teacher. I am terrible at math and had to take developmental courses, all of which I took with Conrad. He helped me figure it out and as long as you go to class and do the work he gives you the benefit of the doubt. He\'s a great instructor. I\'m in college algebra now and when I ask questions, he always helps willingly.
908	3	I had him for calc 1. I would definitely choose him as a prof. again. Homework isn\'t mandatory which means quizzes and exams are the only thing he grades. I didn\'t study as much as I should have and when final exams came, I struggled. He\'s easy to understand and helpful outside of class. If you show up to class, you shouldn\'t have any problems.
196	2	Great teacher!! The best math teacher I have ever had. Very laid back and willing to help you. Has a great sense of humor as well so he tries to make class enjoyable.
925	1	don\'t. just don\'t. trust me.
949	2	BEST PROFESSOR, I loved math class with Mr. Moliassa! He explains the curriculum pretty well and he\'s always available if you need help, especially if you show him you care about doing well in the course he will do his best to help you. Be prepared to work though. You won\'t regret taking math class with him.
655	2	Worst teacher ever. treats people like they are stupid, when he doesn\'t know anything himself. 7 people left out of 32 by the end of the year. If you want to work hard and get an F take this rude guy.
871	3	Professor Moore was amazing! Makes math super easy and explains everything very well. You do not need a textbook so you will save a ton of money!! I strongly suggest her :)
782	2	This class was pretty hard. He did his best to teach it and knew what he was talking about but many students were lost. He also got annoyed when people would ask questions during class. Overall it was decent
540	2	easy teacher, great to work with, if you do the homework class will be easy! Take it from me im a C person in math, in calculus I have a A. Take him, he is worth it.
653	2	I took Gao for Calculus I over Summer 2013. He was very helpful and cared to explain my mistakes without asking him. He seems to choose material purely out of care to prepare us for harder classes. I had some trouble listening to his lecture, but overall his communication was excellent. I definitely recommend taking him for a semester!
52	2	DROP HER CLASS. she is one of the worst teachers i\'ve had here. She goes on rants about un-relevant stuff, and confuses the crap out of you. If you actually want to learn something, get a good grade, or actually by some chance enjoy math...DO NOT keep her as a teacher.
322	3	She is one of the rudest professors I have ever taken. She will not let you eat or drink in class unless it\'s from a water bottle. No sodas or coffee. She goes over activities in class, but her tests are NOTHING like what she goes over. She will call you out if you\'re caught on your phone or you\'re talking while she is talking. Beware of her!!
131	2	It is a huge discredit to CCSU and to Dr. Craine that this woman is allowed to continue teaching. She is horrid both as a teacher and as a person. What goes around comes around and this woman is surrounded by bad karma!
955	2	I\'ve always hated math and have only been average at it, but Professor Wang makes it so easy and straightforward! His class was a really easy A, and like I said, I\'m not great at math. He\'s also super cute like he makes jokes, is passionate about math, and is overall very likable :) Would definitely take him again.
269	2	Very Helpful and wants you to succeed! Bring your text book and a calculator. COME TO CLASS, DO NOT BE LATE! Study, study, study! You will pass his class and the compass if your LISTEN and do what he tells you to do... Dr. Hardy wants you to pass and he is there for you! Thanks to Mr. Hardy I am out of Math 98 and well on my way!!!
734	3	She was easy if you know what you are doing. A good review for if you already know the stuff, test are easy and quizes are too. Homework sucks but is extra credit, attendace doesn\'t count neither does tardiness. She is confusing though!
279	3	This class felt like my high school math classes. You have homework assigned every night, but not a lot. If you need help he LOVES to help. He\'s kind of a goofy guy so the class is a little bit more enjoyable for a math class. I would recommend him to anyone.
613	3	Mr. Young is an exceptional teacher. He takes an interest in all of his students and goes out of his way to help you. He really makes math a fun experience. His class is the most social and friendly math class I ever took. Mr. Young gives extra credit opportunities, math handouts, and videos. I would recommend him to any student wanting to succeed.
477	2	At first she seemed very enthusiastic about teaching the class. After a while she seemed to get confused and second guessed herself and wasn\'t very helpful a lot of the time. Outside of class she was pretty responsive. Other than going over homework questions and being redundant with lectures, I felt as if no one was really learning anything.
197	2	He\'s a smart guy but cant teach at all. He does meaningless confusing proofs the whole class. The two comments below are tripping. If you do get stuck with him just watch Professor Leonard on YouTube, he teaches the same material. I strictly watched his videos and took notes and finished the class with a solid A.
179	1	Hott....very hott...caries a picnic basket a LOT...i dont know why...but not a good teacher...fun to look at, but not a fun teacher.
327	1	Doesn\'t teach well. Avoid.
202	2	EASIEST CLASS AND TEACHER IN THE WORLD.I never came to class on time and never missed nothing shes a sweet lady but she tends to ramble on about nothing. easy . watch her on her basic and mental math she tends to get confused. But she makes everything simple.
641	2	C.T. Pan is a horrible teacher. He does not care whether or not the students do well in the class. He is impossible to understand, not only in his speaking but also in his writing. YOu might as well wear a blindfold to class and plug your ears.
402	2	wooow ... idk who are rating this prof... might be students who wants to do nothing in college and get an A so sad... hes a great proffesor if u dont understand something he will explain it to u again ... i learn so much and teaches great take him ... took him in a winter course and got an A
961	2	Does not teach very well, and hard to understand at times.
292	3	Hard to understand with his accent. Lectures were tough I passed with a B+ even with his review sheets. Really nice guy though! Just not recommended unless you know Math.
758	3	Class seems easy. Attendance and Edmodo count a lot. Does not allow, food, gum, cell phones, nor drinks in the classroom, not even if its a 3hr long period. Other than that class is not that bad. her tests can be hard, but if you look over the chapter and notes, test should not be too hard. She would send out a review for the test, pretty helpful
649	2	this professor needs to learn how to speak English, lol. You will have tough time understanding her. She is also evil.She said she will send students to the dean for talking (quietly)even if it is about classwork.Makes students use blackboard.SheCAN\'TTEACH!She can\'t teach comp science, I can feel sorry for her math students. Classisnothard, she is!
453	2	trust me, im not one of those spoilt brats that like easy work or need my fone in class, but this guy, no!! do not take him.. his math classes make u feel dumb and stupid and he insults his students indirectly, i do not blame all the people who dropped his class, even if you are a math genius, ull hate math for the rest of your life.. DONT TAKE HIM
80	2	Do NOT take this teacher. If he has any idea what he\'s doing, which I doubt, then he does a horrible way of explaining it. All he does is act confused, change his mind, and say random things that don\'t make sense.
456	3	I warn you. You will pass as long as YOU TAKE NOTES!!! Her tests/quizzes are pretty much the examples that she uses on her lectures. I also had her in a LH so be sure to sit up front! Stats is hard overall but she tries her best to organize everything and sometimes curves the tests. She gives homework to do but doesn\'t collect. CALCULATOR MUST.
194	1	Teacher was VERY helpful and made everything very understandable. In highschool I got a low D in algebra. In her class I got a 98 for the semester. (1: situational)
886	2	I thought I would be taking PreCalclus but apparently I am taking middle school math. I am not in any way prepared to move onto Calculus I next semester. We spent more than half of this semester completing basic review and he even commented in class that we have spent three times the amount of time on review than the book recommended.
659	2	She is an amazing professor. She is so enthusiastic and really cares about her students. I loved getting up every morning and going to class. I recommend trying to go to every class because she moves quickly which is the only bad thing. If you miss one day it is possible you could be a little lost but she is extremely helpful.
536	1	Very "Handsome" class....A bit challenging in the summer.. but great teacher to have taken it with...
64	2	He was an absolute godsend. I took this class with 3 different professors, and he explained better, taught better, and kept the pressure off better than I thought was possible. There\'s a good reason his classes fill up fast!
44	2	Great guy, funny in his own nerdy way, extremely awkward but seriously kind. You have to work hard for his class. It\'s not easy, has plenty of homework, but if you work, you\'ll get what you want.
305	2	She is an amazing teacher. Maths couldn\'t have been so interesting. She has a great knowledge about the industry. She treats you as an adult and does not believe in spoon feeding which I like.Very challanging class.
854	3	His lectures are a bit confusing, it\'s easier to just study on your own. But he is a VERY lenient grader. Quizes are open book and tests are pretty straight forward. Not too bad
841	3	I am very fond of Mr. Ream. I\'ve never done well with maths but I did very well in his class. He is patient and makes sure you understand the concept. He allows you to make up quizzes/tests for partial credit. He is old school, but that is partly why I enjoyed his class so much-easier undrstd. He is friendly and very sharp. I would take him again.
360	1	Cares about the students. I highly recommend him.
85	3	Mr Young is a great teacher. Unfortunately, i struggled with his class; but it is possible to pass his class. I\'m sure i probably didn\'t try hard enough but if i can pass, so can you. There is a total of 4-5 tests, practice tests with each test and homework throughout the week. He also gives you extra credit for every test.
930	2	i sutdy online make sure your keep with your online work, the test are a reflection of your homework there were no surprises. its def possible to get an easy "a" in the class just do your work
283	1	Best teacher ever!! She makes the class very interesting. You can not fail that class.
811	2	Not a good teacher at all. Talks to students as children when he is the same age. Thinks he is better then the whole wide world. Still stuck in the Nirvana rock scene when that died out ten years ago. Never take this him for any class. WORSE EVER, UNLESS YOU WANT TO FAIL.
922	2	Professor Young is amazing! I have always had a hard time with algebra, I made a C in pre algebra even! I dropped college algebra three times before finding professor Young. He speaks math to where I can actually understand it. Couldn\'t find a better math teacher!
153	3	Professor Malitsky\'s lectures are read straight out of the textbook but she doesn\'t cover everything in the required textbook so, if you go to class, you don\'t need to read the textbook. I would suggest going to class because she does help with the online homework assignments. Not a bad professor, but her Polish accent takes a while to get used to.
160	2	He has a few \'senior moments\' but theirs 3 tests and you need to study from the book and do the problems, o you will have problems. I would recommend him.
966	3	If students have a question, she helps students a lot not only in the class but also in her office. she has lots of enthusiasm to make people to understand, and she gives good grade for tests. Also the style of her teaching makes people more focus on it. therefore, i would like to recommand her.
386	3	I hated this class. He was very fast-paced and not a good teacher. Grade was based on tests only... no homework, attendence or participation taken into consideration.
82	1	why not let people rate him he is the worest prof ever
189	3	Terrible. Just god awful. I have always understood math but this man just ruined it for me. "Quizzes" are huge and don\'t even go along with the homework.. No matter what, avoid this teacher. He\'s extremely rude and talks down to his students. Overall just a mean guy
677	3	Does not slow down for anything. hard core on grading if you don\'t have a comma in the correct spot the entire problem is wrong. Does not answer questions very well.doesn\'t explain things well. Expects you to know everything and she is just reviewing you on the material. Not good!
644	1	Mr. McDonald puts the "fun" in maFUNmatics! I highly recommend!!!! :D
746	2	His tests r hard, but they r well worth it \'cos he helped create many good math teachers and engineers. A few of them r teaching now in Laney College, of course, with an easier approach to students.
771	4	Difficult to understand his accent at first, but it gets better. Gives homework about once a week, and helps you if you have problems the day it\'s due. Prepares sample tests very similar to the actual tests, which helps a lot.
787	2	what a great prof. if you want to learn and advence into calc 3 this is the one who will give you the right knowlage to integrate and learn something valuable that will come handy on your next calc class. very smart and fun prof. loves teaching you new stuff.
438	3	Hays is a very serious professor. As long as you don\'t eat or drink something other than water, she will like you. You should NEVER use your phone in her class or she will call you out. She lets you make up lost points for assignments as long as you turn them in on time. Make sure you come to class because Edmodo is a large part of your grade!
141	2	Ms.Dameron is one of the best teachers that Ive had @ TCC. She is very patient and will work with you. I absoultely HATE math, but Ms. Dameron made the class tolerable. My suggestion would be to take her!
335	2	Conrad\'s class is very difficult because it\'s calculus. He doesn\'t do a great job at explaining the material during class, but if go to his office and ask for help he\'ll explain it much better. You don\'t have to show up to his class if you know calculus by heart. Don\'t let him intimidate you during the first couple of weeks either. He is a nice man
373	2	Very easy, willingness to help with understanding of assignments.
313	2	Mark is a great teacher. He spells all the material out with crystal clarity and can answer any question. That being said, he\'s so brilliant that it was really hard for those of us that are only so good at Calc to keep up and understand the material. Calc II wasn\'t like a normal Calc course, it was intense. I spent a lot of time prepping for exams.
287	3	Excellent teacher. Difficult subject but he is genuinely interested in seeing students succeed. Taken both CalcIII and Diff Eq. with him. Curves tests and usually offers some form of extra credit.
777	2	Poor Judy. She really is a nice lady. But nice doesn\'t help you understand math. She reaaaally sucks at explaining anything. She fills in class time with calculator work and random stories about her travels. I am taking stats from her, which is like a foreign language to begin with. She avoids your questions, too. Dodge her class if you can.
212	3	He is goofy, mistakes are goofy and his class is usually enjoyable. Go to class, take notes, go to review and you can ace his class. Very nice when it comes to grading and his exams are like the review. One of the best at Queens so far
738	3	she is a very nice lady and i understood her notes ... her quizes were easy but her tests left many people in the class with ots of questions ... i felt the tests were too hard and might bring down someones grade a lot.
728	1	perfect teaching
596	4	Prof. Young is awesome! He really cares about math and his students. He offers extra credit on canvas so be sure to do that for some gimme points. Be sure to do the homework each week and his tests aren\'t really that difficult as long as you practice. Young makes math fun and is very funny! You will definitely enjoy his class.
408	2	worst professor ever. he speaks to the board, mumbles, makes mistakes often, can\'t explain things to the class, gets frustrated when he\'s asked questions, barely speaks english. HORRIBLE! despite all of that the only reason I got an A was because it was easy math. but going to class made me want to hurl an eraser at his head.
254	2	Mrs. Dameron is a wonderful teacher. She makes it easy and fun to pass her class. Anyone who need to take math class should take it with her.
776	3	Hays is really sweet and nice. If you use your phone she will call you out. As long as you pay attention and do your work you wont have a problem with her. Her test reviews are really helpful when it comes to the test! So do them! Make sure you go to class in order to to edmodo (Big part of grade).
123	2	Mark gets pretty excited over Calc its funny. He does a really good job of staying upbeat and energetic even when my class was dead tired and I was nursing a hangover. The courseload is challenging but he helps you if you ask for it.
116	1	Never helped students, was quite bias toward students also.
375	2	A total ****. Gives reviews that are completely different from the test. If you don\'t know math, you will not learn it from this "teacher." Belittles students and has a real attitude and temper. Should be fired yesterday. 30 people started and 9 hung on. Now I get to take Col Alg again. Thanks.
572	2	She\'s a good proffesor if your interested. Her test are difficult but she\'s just preparing you for what you have to take next.
900	2	Pretty condescending and likes to be a dictator, which she\'ll tell you from the beginning. If you don\'t do every little thing her way, you\'re not going to do well, no matter if a different way works better for you or not. Good as a person but wouldn\'t recommend her as a professor.
451	2	Mrs. Martin was by far one of the most engaging, most dedicated, and most valuable teachers that I\'ve ever had, and I have had some very incredible professors. Any student that goes through her classroom is the better for doing so.
333	2	Professor Fenton is brilliant. Her class was very hard for me though. I felt like she had a very difficult time getting across what she was teaching. She starts a point and then changes it 2 or 3 times before she gets it sorted out in her mind. She\'s sweet and helpful though.
845	2	Professor Epler is a really helpful person. He makes sure you know what you are doing, which is great. I\'m not the best with math, but he helps make it bearable.
589	1	Math 108-15
271	2	SHE IS THE WORSE PROFESSOR EVER. YOU CANT UNDERSTND WHAT SHE SAYS AND SHE JUMPS FROM ON THING TO ANOTHER. SHE CONFUSES HER SELF AND HER STUDENTS
91	2	I agree his tests are totally harder than what he teaches in class and the homework he gives us.
4	2	By far the worst teacher I have ever had. He is probably one of the most brilliant at Wayne State, but does not know how to teach by any means. He spends whole entire classes doing proofs and does not even teach on what we actually need to know for his impossible tests. I will say he is helpful during his office hours. I recommend him to no one.
441	2	Todd makes learning algebra fun and I learned a lot from him. He always takes the time to help anyone who needs it, so they understand how you get from one step to the next.
120	4	Only three quizzes and three tests. Homework is not collected. She goes over material fast but teaches clearly. Go to class. Gives a lot of extra credit. Take her if you are pre-nursing. One of the better Stats 108 professors. It\'s hard work, but an A is definitely attainable.
46	2	THE WORST PROFESSOR I\'VE EVER HAD.I WENT INTO HIS CLASS EXPECTING A LOT BECAUSE OTHER STUDENTS RAVED ABOUT HIM. WHAT A MISTAKE...HE\'S ARROGANT AND NAPOLEANIC.
716	2	Mrs. McVey is one of the best math teachers I\'ve ever known. Math can be difficult for lots of people, but I watched Mrs. McVey help even the dumbest person understand what they were doing. She is very detailed and picky but it is beneficial to the student. She is very fair and respectful of everyone. Period.
946	3	Very sweet old man, intelligent too, but is difficult to understand without following along in the book. Reasonable homework requirements and tests that relate directly to lessons and homework. You don\'t have to stay the entire class time, if you\'re willing to put in the effort to learn outside of class. open note tests!
672	2	Dr.Hardy is the most incompetent teacher I have ever had the displeasure of knowing. Had I not known math before I started his class, I would be failing. He is VERY RUDE and is completely disinterested in his students. If you aren\'t black he doesnt care about you. So if you are going to take his class, white people, you better get a tan!!!
675	2	Amazing teacher. I loved her ! Go to your classes, spend some time reading over her past finals, and it\'s an A+ guaranteed.
650	2	Professor Fenton saved my bacon more than once. I took her for College Algebra, math and I don\'t mix very well. I made a D my first time through, B in the maymester course. She is a wonderful teacher and always tries to help her students. If you have problems you can\'t be afraid to speak up. She also gives partial credit in maymester course! :)
142	3	Easy Class Easy Professor. He tries to joke with the class 2 add humor. Likes ppl 2 participate. NE problems ask & he will help. Do reviews homework & take notes ull b fine. Easy way to make an A. Qt in a hat oh ask him to wear a skirt lol LB is the best!
820	4	His accent is easy to get used to. He does have a sense of humor. Homework is not graded and he only suggests 15-20 problems each week. Quizzes are once a week as well but they are max 3-5 questions and exactly from the homework. Exams are based on the quizzes. If you hate math-take him! Lectures are simple and to the point-he is a great teacher!
794	2	Amazing man!!! Anyone who has been out of school a while should take him. And he is very pleasing on the eyes:)
430	2	This professor is ridiculous, his teaching method is insulting and annoying. That and he does not help anyone who doesnt understand the material, he mocks them.
902	3	good teacher, clear and and if you work hard you\'ll get the material. ture that he\'s kid of weird but lets face it, no one\'s perfect. gives 4 quiz that counts for 50% of over all grade and drops the lowest of the 4 so the top three best would be counted.
684	2	she is the most horrible teacher ever and there is no way that everyone could either fail or have to drop that class if she was a decent teacher!
71	2	Can be all over the place when teaching; I gave up on taking notes the first week into class. Makes a lot of references to cars, taxes, and being arrested. Try to have another professor if you need to take PreCal.
937	2	The worst prof ever!!!! All he says is, "any questions?" when he dam well knows he can\'t answer it.
814	4	Dr. Khanal knows what he\'s talking about, but he isn\'t always the clearest about expressing that. The assignments can have unclear directions a lot of the time. But for most of the labs, he\'ll walk you through exactly what you need to do.
819	3	She is awesome. She actually cares about her students. Her Exams are not hard and she offer so much extra credit its almost impossible to not pass. Easy A for sure TAKE HER
792	1	great teacher
958	4	Very sweet man! If you\'re the type of person who needs their prof to explain everything in depth(like me) he\'s your guy. Gives old tests to study for your exam, takes attendance and if you don\'t miss more than two days you can replace your lowest test score with your final. Accent is not bad, but you may want to sit close to him bc he speaks softly
293	1	He knows his material, but isn\'t helpful.
214	2	shes nice and tried to make class fun sometimes, but pretty much didnt teach anything although she tried...she knows what shes talking about but didnt know how to teach it...we pretty much had to teach ourselves calc 2...i wouldnt recommend
331	2	This guy is hilarious... what a damn fool... I had no prob. with the class, only because I took it once before in highschool... By the way Pan, we speak English here... IMPOSSIBLE to understand this guy, and I knew what he was doin\'. Also, consistantly wr
889	2	I had Mr Glennon last year. This teacher cannot teach. I studied the book for hours and when I didn\'t understand something, he would refer me to the book, if he said anything at all. If you care about your GPA, avoid this teacher. This is the only class I\'ve ever recieved a D+ in,and I studied ALOT. He\'s pretty mean and doesn\'t care about the class
603	3	Math 2420 or discrete math is not an easy class and it is much harder online. Dr. Gutliph was the first to put this class online and I struggled until the end. I suppose the course will get refined and better but It is so NOT an easy A. My class found plenty of online videos I am sure he will share with the next classes. Overall he is a fair grader
901	2	I dropped this class. Dr. Ream is super nice and kinda a cute old man. He tries to make jokes but doesn\'t laugh at them so it just becomes awkward. Anyway, he is very hard to follow. Im bad at math as it is but I just could not go on in this class. His lectures are all over the place. Some classmates seemed to follow but I just did not.
836	3	Thought he was great, will take his class anytime. Very helpful if you know why you are in the class. I was unsure of him at first but if you show commitment, he works with you. Takes time to answer your qusetions if don\'t understand. Also gives extra credit. Got an A.
88	3	Jerry is awesome, he really cares about each on of his students, his lectures are interesting and informative, I found myself actually looking forward to attending class(something i didn\'t think was possible in a math class). That being said his test are not easy, if you are gonna skip class and not do the homework don\'t take calc with Jerry.
652	3	Was very frustrated first week or so because of his accent, but you understand it over time. He makes the class easy to understand, helps on homeworks & quizzes, and gives a test review that basically comes from the test. Amazing teacher to take for calc!
429	1	terrible. can\'t teach. Very confusing. I droppped her class
203	3	Easiest math class ever. Attendance is not mandatory and homework is extra credit. You can even make up one test at the end of the year. Granted she is not the best teacher, but the material is so easy and the tests are as well that you do not even need a teacher. Take her if you are not good at math and just want an easy A!
842	1	hes hilarious, i liked the lectures
543	2	She is a very nice, easy teacher. She will help you and give you time to get projects done. However, there was no method to her madness as far as how projects were weighted. But didnt really natter because as long as you did it fairly well, you got an A.
468	2	I thought Weiss was a great prof. He explained exactly how to do the homework consistently, day after day, and is extremely helpful if you take the time to see him during office hours.
436	1	TEACH VERY WELL
940	3	Shes a great teacher, she takes some getting used too but she makes you work for the grade, she gives PLENTY of extra credit so take use of it. At first she seemed harsh but I came to see she is actually a really good professor.
278	2	Great teacher. She cares about your grades and always makes sure you understand the material.
625	2	Disliked this professor. Tried extremely hard in the class and did not do so well on the final because of problems outside of the classroom and he lowered my grade to a C even though I had earned a B in the class as far as percentage wise. Makes you sign a contract that says he can do this. Awful.
282	2	She is a sweet old lady who at times tends to forget what she is doing. You don\'t have 2 go 2 class, you dont have 2 do homework, you can fail every quiz, and show up only on test days to get an A. If you know how 2 do the work take this class, if you want 2 learn how 2 dont.
662	1	she sucks...she fails u on a test NOT BECAUSE THEY ANSWERS ARE WRONG but because u didnt put the equal signs in the right spot..freakin ****
898	1	Great teacher and person
732	2	Cool guy. Very practical approach to the material. The first test made me think this class would be really difficult, but by the third exam I had gotten the hang of the testing level and grading style.
844	1	Slightly crazier then a can of dried peaches.
33	3	I aced her class, but her exams are HARD. Why? She words the problems DIFFERENTLY than the HW and quizzes. To do well, review the 1st exam with her after you take it. (you will probably get a C to an F). Go to her office, ask for your exam, and question every problem on the exam. Understand her wording, and you\'ll be fine go forward.
399	1	This guy is hilarious! I just finished a semester with him. I wish he taught the next course of math I have to take.
130	1	i won\'t suggest her to anyone who wants to succeed in Math 1130
127	2	Bob has a fantastic understanding of calculus. Sometimes he doesn\'t notice if you need him to slow down or go over something again. Be assertive and he\'ll help.
342	3	She is such a hard grader and I would never ever want to take a class with her again. The tests also rarely make sense and the homework doesn\'t follow the noteslecture at all.
442	3	He is fine. Take this course with him if you just want to pass, but not to learn to love math. Lot\'s of sitting in class and watching him struggle with technology BUT he is trying to get everyone to pass. All midterms are take home. You will get an A if you show up and try a little.
821	2	Dr. Neal reminds me why I love math! He makes sure you truly understand the material. He has the best nerdy jokes too.
765	2	Ms. Everage is the most helpful, sweet woman. I had to take college algebra and i am not a math person so the material was so difficult for me to grasp. I went to her office hours so many times and she was so determined for me to pass the class. GREAT teacher and person in general. You are lucky if you get her as a teacher.
81	3	I have to strain myself to understand what he is trying to say. He speaks so softly and goes off-topic so often that you lose track of where you are in the book. He skips sections entirely and gives out multi-page handouts expecting you to understand it. Lets you do corrections for half credit for the first two quizzes and tests and homework.
788	3	Professor Burk is the best math teacher i\'ve ever had. He loves what he does and makes sure everyone understands what he is teaching. He is always willing to help and is truly such a nice guy.I would recommend taking his business calculus class! I got an A. If you do all the homework, and study for quizzes and tests you\'re set for an A!
954	3	He is a great teacher do not get me wrong, but he is teaching format is for students who clearly grasp the concept of math! i am terrible at math and i did terrible in this class! DO ALL HOMEWORKS! ATTEND ALL CLASSES! If you are good at math i advise you take this class because it may be easier for you.
154	2	She is the bestestestest teacher ever! I love her so much! she does not understand how much she helped me in math this semester. I\'ve taken this course once before and failed because i did not like professor toussaint (looks exactly like a frog) but she helped me earn wonderful grades on test and homework. If u do not like make this is who you need
507	2	Jerry is an amazing teacher. He\'s super helpful and involves everybody in the class. He\'s super easy to talk to-- in office hours and out. He takes time to learn about each one of his students. His class is so much fun-- he\'s hilarious! He\'ll make you like math more than you did previously, guaranteed.
490	2	This class is not for beginners or for those of you returning to school.You need to have a very good understanding of Algebra to take his classes. His classes are very hard if you have no understanding or are new to Algebra and you must come everyday or you WILL fall behind.He does give chances for extra credit sometimes.DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS.
943	1	HE IS A GREAT TEACHER I LOVE HIM........
383	2	should avoid no help at help never get a chance to ask question
431	2	Easiest math class you could possibly take. He gives you the test questions and then lets you retake the tests if you dont like your score. He is really nice.
607	1	hey needs some english lessions, the sad part is his only first year prof so he\'ll be around for awhile :(
465	2	Mrs. Talbert is Awesome! She makes sure you understand the each math concept before moving on, takes time with each student to help them.I feel well prepared for intermediate Algebra
345	2	This is a clear cut, do the work, ask questions when you need to, and you\'ll get a good grade guy. Fair, funny, and good in a subject a lot of teachers are not.
852	1	Amazing teacher!!!!!!!!
764	3	I really enjoyed having this professor. You had to work to earn your grade but her exams and quizzes were reasonable if you studied and knew your material. You had homework but not very much and didn\'t take very long to do. Sometimes she is a bit hard to understand but will clarify if you just ask. I would recommend this professor.
463	2	Jerry is a very nice guy outside of class, but two or three times he singled out students during lecture seemingly for the sole purpose of assuming they had made a stupid mistake, for the sake of discussion. His organization was poor, and I think he has somehow gained a monopoly over this course. Others could teach it far better.
503	2	She is an awesome teacher! she makes it so easy. i used to suck really bad at math and now i feel like i know a lot of stuff and feel confident. thanks to her! she\'s awesome
162	3	he is the best math teacher ver homework for this class is online and he gives a week to do it. he gives a lot of notes but if u copy them they will definatly pass the test he gives 3 test (no midterm)and a fianl. he also drops the lowest test grade i love him hes one of the best math teacher at john jay.
542	2	Decent professor in class but the best outside if you need help. I\'ve never had a prof try so hard to make sure her students understood the material. Genuinely a really really nice person and truly passionate about teaching
17	4	Am actually shocked at how high of a rating he has, homework is due every week and is only worth 10% of the grade while the tests are worst 70% and are way harder than homework. He\'s also very confusing to follow and he goes so fast, not the best if you arent strong in math for sure.
550	2	accent hard to understand.
999	2	the material in this class is sooooo simple, but people will waste time with dumb questions that she just explained, I would say that the students mess this class up not the teacher.
775	1	super nerdy but super sweet.
504	2	I wouldn\'t recommend this class if you know you are not great at math. She moves really fast. If you slow her down by asking a question, she\'ll make you feel stupid.
882	2	Not bad on grading, not the best at getting his point across, better than some but not the best.
458	1	great professor. hilarious in a nerdy way. very hard class, but you learn a LOT
945	4	If youre thinking of taking Gutliph, do it! For an online class, he is extremely helpful and interacts with his students. He grades fairly, doesn\'t overload with too much homework, and prepares for tests. He is super helpful and has good taste in music as well which makes him all the more awesome. Take him, you will not regret it one bit.
626	2	Dr.Hardy is a very fair teacher. You MUST DO YOUR HOMEWORK!!hint(you never know when it might count as your test. Math was never easy for me but, I made an A in his class. You will need to go to the study lab but, it pays off.
309	1	Awesome teacher! He does whatever it takes to help you succeed.
848	2	AWFUL!!! I had him as a professor for college algebra while I was still in high school. Whenever anyone asked him a question, he hardly ever answered the question being asked. When he would try to show someone how to work out a problem, he would get it wrong. I basically had to teach myself.
428	1	He was AMAZINGGGGGGGG
264	3	Dr. Hardy was a great professor. I\'ve read many negative reviews about him but those must have been the students who were expecting hand outs and did not show for class. Dr. Hardy is fair, you must comply when he tells you to show up for class and turn in assignments on time. He helped with test prep and gave extra credit. He was awesome! I\'ll SAY!
364	2	He was horrible the first week. He confused everyone and sometimes just doesn\'t seem to know what he is talking about. He tells stories that have nothing to do with class. HE IS THE WORSE! DO NOT TAKE HIS CLASS!
55	3	DO NOT TAKE THIS PROFESSOR! All his notes are word by word from the book. Not helpful at all. Assigns a lot of homework and then doesn\'t know how to answer questions about it.
157	2	Daniel Kern covers all the material on a basic level, and though there is more he could say on the material, he doesn\'t, instead slowing the class down with long, ambivalent pauses. You don\'t learn much, and end up having a hard time with hard material
939	2	She simply goes over the problems in the book. She doesn\'t even lecture!!!
689	3	He teaches directly from the book and is very boring. Makes many mistakes on the board and has to be corrected by students. 4-5 tests (90% of grade) and homework (10% of grade). Very difficult if you are not naturally good at math.
421	2	DO NOT TAKE HER FOR AN ONLINE COURSE. I can\'t speak to her teaching in class, but she is possibly the rudest, inconsiderate online teachers at FIT. Just tells you you\'re wrong, but not how to fix it. Has no regard or interest in teaching our class WHATSOEVER.
524	3	Mrs. Johnson can get carried away at times and leave the students confused, but if you ask questions she will clarify things for you. She tries to read people\'s expressions, but no one is a mind reader. If you take her and don\'t understand, speak up! There were 4 tests and a final, the lowest grade is dropped.
755	4	Dr. Duma is one of the best lecturers in math. She explains in a way that makes it very clear what we need to know and what we don\'t. Her examples in class reflect directly what is going to be on the assignments/midterms and finals. She grades very fairly and is very kind. I would take her again!
398	3	This teacher is extremely helpful. She won\'t move on to the next lesson until everone understands. The course is 7 weeks long and moves pretty quick. Attendence is key to pass;an everyday class. The previous comments by people who didn\'t like her more than likely didn\'t go to class regularly and they fell behind. She knows her stuff!!
547	3	Treats us like we are already in the industry. Half of the things she tries to teach you are irrelevant to the the material. The problems on the tests are not like anything she ever goes over in class-they are 10x harder. Trust me I used to get straight A\'s in math and I almost failed this class. Drop it NOW unless you have industry experience.
887	3	This teacher is cool! Has an accent while speaking, but in time it\'s easy to catch on. He\'s a real nice guy that helps all his students, & cares about them. He\'s laid back, and goofy. I enjoyed his class...it made finite math, not so boring. His tests aren\'t too bad either..if you understand the homework you\'ll do fine.
723	2	Dr. Gao was without a doubt one of the worst professors I\'ve ever had. He is extremely difficult to understand and doesnt seem to care. He also has great difficuly properly answering questions.
487	2	Absolutely horrible!! She doesn\'t know how to teach. She teaches word for word out of the book and when you ask a question she won\'t answer it. Avoid this professor if at all possible. If she doesn\'t want to answer your question she will yell at you and kick you out. Totally pointless to even show up for class. I can teach better than she can!!!!!
261	2	This teacher was excellent! He was always ready for questions on the homework, and even encouraged them. He helped to the best of his ability, and truly cared for the knowledge that he gave his students. I hated math from previous teachers, but I liked it in his class. Anyone wanting to take Calculus should definitely consider taken Dr. Kern.
620	2	Easy to understand, fair in grading, and very helpful. Also very attractive.
539	3	Very helpful and knowledgable teacher. Assignments are assigned every class meeting, but not all are collected. If you pay attention in class you will be able to do the hw. Highly recommended.
514	3	This prof knows what he is doing but doesn\'t know how to explain all the points to the class clearly. He has a different way of doing math than the book. He also speaks to the class as if everyone is five years old. Another downside is that his tests are pretty much harder than the AP test itself. WORD OF ADVICE:Do the review, but it won\'t help you
533	2	She\'s amazing! I took an express 3 week course for M2 that I was nervous about since math isn\'t one of my strong suites. But prof Yarmish goes slow and makes everything crystal clear. Very patient and she truly wants all her students not just to pass, but to understand the material for future math courses you may need to take.
158	3	This was a online class, you do all your work & tests at home(except final)If you ever needed help Ms Sowell would work problems for you or offer to meet you online. She seems real nice and I would take her class!
559	2	The class itself was hard at first, then it got easier. Did not have a good experience with the teacher. She was very rude and not encouraging either. When time came for students to drop the class, she said, if anybody wants to drop let me know so I can get forms ready. She should be encouraging us to continue and help. Not drop it.
506	2	I have no idea why math teachers keep getting more and more ridiculous, this professor is very hard to understand and at random points during his lecture runs of in tangents about other things. He is fast paced and due to the difficult, dragging lectures [which i left feeling stupider if anything] i reluctantly decided to p/nc theclass:( not happy!
368	2	IS VERY CONFUSING AND LOSES HIMSELF WHEN LECTURING. HE DOES NOT EXPLAIN THINGS WELL AND THEN WHEN HE GOES OVER A TEST HE TELLS YOU LITTLE TRICKS YOU CAN USE; WHICH HE SHOULD TELL YOU WHEN HE IS EXPLAINING HOW TO DO THE MATH PROBLEMS. TALKS ALOT IN CLASS ABOUT TANGENT THINGS THAT DO NOT APPLY TO MATH, LIKE HOW HOT THE CASHIER THAT WAITED ON HIM.
948	2	I didn\'t do well in the class, but this was a wonderful teacher. My grade was not a reflection on how well a teacher she is. Super nice, much better than the other math teachers. She knows her stuff. I hope I get to take her again!
574	2	RUN AWAY!!! Even though I was warned about her horrid teaching skills I still took the class thinking I could pass by learning independently or with a tutor... I was sooo wrong! Don\'t take stats with Judy! Her philosophy on teaching is students read the text book three times and don\'t ask questions. Worst teacher I have ever had! EVER!
936	1	very helpful, she will make you love math
77	3	I don\'t know how she has received any good scores as teacher... she is horrible. Flies through the material and doesn\'t really explain it. When you ask her to slow down or explain she tries but it makes no sense. Her grading is insane and she is not forgiving on small mistakes
715	3	Dr. Zhang does not have the greatest of English but the man is a master of math. For his lectures if you can get past the wordage and minor broken English then they are a great source of info. Gives partial credit galore, also gives credit for showing knowledge of material. Ran out of time showed I knew how to do it with indicators (fx) and got -1
648	2	As a person she is wonderful and kind. I shouldn\'t have taken the 7 week class since it went too fast. I was there everyday and did my best, but transfered out of her class and into a full semester of Elm Alg. I now have an A. I didn\'t like the fact if you didn\'t finish checking your work because you see it in your head, she\'ll mark you wrong.
813	3	If you have taken calc in highschool, the class can still be hard but not unbearable. Do the homework and take your time on the quizes, they can be tricky. His teaching methods are good though, he gives you the fishing pole instead of the fish.
724	1	SHE\'S JOANTASTIC!!!!!!!!
250	2	So, I just want to say that Burns is an awesome teacher...no doubt about it. His love of math makes the class interesting. You know he enjoys what he does from the way he acts. He is always smiling and is very easy going. He has solved difficult problems in front of the class. Very impressive! Side note...he is an avid player of chess! Pretty cool.
21	4	Made calculus easy to understand. Ungraded homework everyday, but it really helped for the weekly quizzes. Tests were based on quizzes, and let you use note card for the cumulative final. Extra credit for attendance. VERY lenient for grading; so long as the process is right, you\'ll get full credit, even if your answer is off.
745	2	He\'s okay. He gives you many opportunities to raise your grade. If you do your work, you will probably do fine.
251	2	Ok I change my mind! I thought she was cool, but NO!! She is only friendly with her favorite students. I never got the TA job even with my super high GPA. Very rude, cold and unapproachable. Never get your lab reviewed by her, she takes off marks!!
95	2	All his class is a review from the textbook!
104	2	He is the worst teacher. I did not learn a single thing in this class. DO NOT TAKE HIM!!! Sonoma should fire him.
343	2	this was the worst class i have ever taken at fit. she\'s a nice woman, and she knows about the industry, but she does not know how to effectively teach. i had to teach myself the whole semester using the textbook because her methods were terrible. i suggest dropping this class.
252	2	She\'s a good teacher. I know most of the stuff we are doing already, but she keeps it interesting.
913	1	Tooooooooo bad
633	3	Very unclear when teaching and explaining, not very good at explaining things in a different way, test are super hard and she puts problems way harder and more complex than anything we do in class or have had as homework. Only goes over homework about half the time
192	2	He was really nice but did not seem to care about teaching or his students. He makes an effort to explain and just doesn\'t meet the mark. I knew more going into his class then I did leaving it. He makes a lot of references to cars and real life that do not really make sense when discussing calculus. I would not recommend taking him.
671	3	Professor Yarmish is tough! She has a cold attitude and doesn\'t care about her students. She\'s very cut and dry and doesn\'t take any effort into consideration. Downgrades your grade for the smallest thing.
43	1	I loved his class. I learned lots of new material. Just study hard and practice and you\'ll do fine.
980	3	This class was a difficult class, and you have to work for good grades on the tests, but she is an AMAZING teacher! She cares a lot about her students and is so nice if you approach her through email or in person. I had to go to her office hours for extra help but when I did, she was very helpful. Lots of quizzes to cushion your grade. Love her!
683	1	Do HW, it will help you to study for the exam.
860	4	Lectures are essential to passing. She goes a bit fast but if you do the homework that she assigns (it\'s optional, but useful) then the tests will go smoothly. Always available to help during office hours. She gives extra credit by adding 10pts to 2 of the tests that the class as a whole did bad on. She doesn\'t do make ups so don\'t miss a test day!
988	1	cool guy good teacher
93	4	She is not easily frustrated when students ask questions, but she usually explains things really well. Homework is due on test days. Tests are not very hard. She tries to make the lessons fun and interesting. She also gives advice on how to teach lessons in the classroom. I wish I had taken her for 1410! She really wants to see her students succeed
459	3	She was a delight! I loved this class so much and she offered so much help. Assignments are easy. Ff you do them right, you will get full credit. She is a tough grader when it comes to tests though, just be sure to study!
92	3	do not take a math class with this woman. the classes are pointless, she tells bad jokes, and nothing gets accomplished. she grades very hard and if u dont do something her way ull fail. i would definitely not recommend her.
934	2	Jay Ko will not pamper you, he will teach you to destroy math though. I will be taking him for calc.
736	2	Fred will explain and re-explain it, he is patient and will help you outside of class! Great visual aids in the classroom!
370	2	Wow this lady is crazy. She wears the weirdest clothes and never wears two of the same shoe. If you have taken algebra before, this class will be simple. I only went to claa for the 4 tests and got an A because I knew the material. She makes a lot of math mistakes, so its hard to trust what she says. She lets you retake a test if you want.
253	3	The tests, lectures, and homework all have nothing to do with each other. The homework is excessively long, and almost no one can finish them. As for the tests, they had the lowest averages I\'ve ever seen--on one the mean was 0.5 points out of 20!
204	2	Professor Dameron wants you to succeed! You must do the work and put forth the effort. If you do what she asks, you will succeed! Great class and great professor!
315	2	Professor Malitsky was helpful with homework classes during lectures, but her lectures were verbatim from the textbook. So when I attended lectures, I did not need to read from the textbook. I did the minimum work for the class and scored the highest score on the final. The material isn\'t hard, but the teacher is a little boring. But, she is nice.
611	2	Dr. Dogru always had well planned out packets to give us. However, we basically had to learn the material in groups before she would teach us how to do it. She was very sweet and was always available for office hours. She didn\'t put homework grades in until the end so I thought I was getting a C when I really ended up with an A-.
959	3	I had her for Summer C at FSU. It was ridiculously fast paced and I got lost since she is very hard to follow. I ended up relying on the videos that Blackwelder put up on her website. If you can, TAKE BLACKWELDER INSTEAD! But if you are very sharp and attentive, and do the online homework religiously, then you should be fine.
188	2	I think she was OK. Not excellent, but OK. The class was not the easiest, but she did explain. Went over problems, reviewed for the exams. Sometimes I think the bad ratings are from students that come to the class unprepared, and then blame it on the teacher.
266	1	ok at first she was an ok teacher, then towards the end she took a turn for the worse. I finished with a 72 (which is failing) and I was 3 pts away from passing but she is not willing to help me. so I am failing and I am having to take this class AGAIN this summer.
365	2	She is a great teacher who makes everything clear. She\'ll help you when you need it.
873	2	I do not like her. I feel that she doesn\'t care about your grade and she will not help you unless you schedule for help on her time. I would not recommend this teacher.
637	2	Easy class. Nice professor. I feel bad for him because everyone takes advantage and talked during his class, and those are the ones who fail, so that\'s their fault. He has office hours and can talk to you after class if you have trouble. I learned a lot - good class. :)
221	3	Ugh. I didn\'t like her. She was confusing and her tests had stuff that she had only brushed over and never explained how to find, only said that it existed. She was a nice person, but even asking her questions in office hours was confusing.
257	2	He can come off a bit arrogant but he is always willing to go the extra mile and help you. As long as you\'re respectful he\'ll work with you.
115	1	excellent communications ability
467	2	She is an awesome teacher!!! There is nothing bad to say about Mrs. Johnson. If you speak up and say you need help, she will go above and beyond to help! She truly cares and wants her students to succeed. She is an exceptional teacher and person. TAKE HER IF AT ALL POSSIBLE!
325	2	Today was my first day with this teacher and I can already tell this course is going to be a tough one. She seems like a very nice lady but she expects a lot from her students. She doesn\'t have very good hand writing and she talks rather fast. All in all, I\'m a little nervous as to how well I\'m going to do!
66	2	Lesli is a wonderful professor. No math subject is easy, you always have to do a lot of work. I extremely recommend him.
995	2	Very nice. Insane. My favorite Professor. The bestof the Calculus Professors.
409	1	can not teach!!!!
321	2	It\'s been years since I took Calc 1 with this professor and I still avoid him on campus - never has a professor made me feel so low and stupid, and I don\'t even think he knew my name. I used to love math/front row student - now ...
401	2	She is good Professor! Give a lot of homework, but you will understand everything
990	2	You need to learn to grow up, and study on your own.. Ignore the teacher, you need to put so much effort in this course, you need to do it on your own, you need to do so many questions, reading from the textbook is not enough. She is absolutely useless in class, unless u ask her to solve a specific problem in her office, is when shed be useful.
328	3	She doesn\'t explain things very well. Laughs when someone has a wrong answer or doesn\'t do their homework. Exams are nothing like we\'ve done in class or for homework. Difficult to study for. Better off using online videos to teach yourself. Only goes over easy examples in class and gives hard questions on the exams.
905	2	Mr Hu would take time to explain the more subtle points of Calculus I. I was repeating this class for the third time with respectable grades previously. Mr Hu would make jokes about "stupid math majors". And the sci fi show Dr Who. Mr Hu had class study groups prior to tests/finals. I wish I had better study skills to retain learning I will review
11	3	He is cool professor.His course will have lots of project .Make sure you are good in MATLAB .He is an easy grader and his tests are very easy.I would suggest to take this professor
28	2	I really liked Professor Liem. He\'s always happy and cracked me up during class. His tests aren\'t too easy but he puts very aggressive curves on all the tests. The class ended up being easier than I expected.
598	3	He does tell you what questions are exactly going to be on the exams, thats why I did well in his class. He\'s unclear in his teaching so I just memorize what he writes. I honestly haven\'t learned much from him. He says "it\'s easy, a third grader can understand this." He\'s been teaching this course for many years so of course it\'s easy to him.
964	3	Statistics - I liked Phil as a professor. He went over examples in class that looked exactly like what he puts on the quizzes and tests, so your notes are basically the only thing you need to use to study for this class. He is very consistent on tests and quizzes which is why I would definitely recommend him!
213	3	It\'s math, you have to work on it daily if you want to understand the concepts. This professor also created and posted videos of him teaching each lesson. Watch them and take notes and you will do fine. He is actually quite hilarious in the videos and makes learning less intimidating. There is extra credit and he helps anyone, just ask!
931	2	Could not write any faster. Very unhelpful, poor attitude towards teaching probably wanted to be something else than a teacher. Childish in his actions and word. REALLY BAD TEACHER
323	2	A wonderful teacher. Shes always willing to go out of her way to help whether its on a one to one basis or in a group. Her teaching style is different, but she manages to get you to think independently and question ideas rather than just mindlessly recalling stuff from memorization. Take her class, its worth the work.
489	3	Grat teacher! Very clear, good personality, to the point. Goes over material and works on buddy system for in class work. No homework, though it\'s up to you to study for the exams.
757	3	Best teacher ever! Posts her class notes on icollege which helped out when studying for final. Gave out extra credit. If you need help she will tutor you in her office after class. I highly recommend her!
618	3	This dude moves super fast, has a thick accent, and has a grading scale which means its hard for you to improve your grade if you\'re not one of the smart people. Bad teacher, hard to understand. Lucky that I was decent enough at math to pass
772	2	i\'m so patient with teachers and never thought id have to ever drop a class until i sat through one of this guys lectures. Couldnt understand anything and did all the practice problems for the quiz and it still made no sense. i usually never complain, but do NOT take this guy!
556	3	NEVER TAKE HER! thanks God she\'s not teaching next semester because I have to retake her class. Makes students feel stupid which immediately drops my interest in the class, very hard grader (to a ridiculous point) and gets confused in her own words, which confused everyone because we don\'t even know how to approach the problem. HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE
753	3	He makes it clear on the first day what he expects from the class. He grades by how well you do compared to the class. He has a very thick accent and makes jokes about math majors and being from China. You will hear the word "lousy" and "stupid" everyday. He uses it to describe everything. He goes super fast and you need to study outside of class.
446	1	sour and not friendly to students. i dont think she likes her job very much.
106	3	I am actually good at math so I did not struggle in this class. I did my assignments and that was all I had to do. Never had to study. I know others that struggled and she really worked with them so they would understand and make a good grade. Her social skills are a little off, but she is really nice. I would take her again.
711	1	best teacher...such a cute guy and very smart and nice! knows his math
248	3	Prof. goes though lectures extremely quick and easily left behind if. Test were extremely hard, and hard to understand.
976	2	Has no people skills whatsoever. She is rude and impolite. Acts as if she gets mad when someone doesn\'t understand, and asks for her to reapeat a step.
733	2	Avoid at all costs because she does NOT use Canvas and will never tell you what your grade is because she also teaches high school and uses that as an excuse.
119	2	Sorry, but this woman does not know how to teach. She\'s just a graduate student so dont expect much from her. The class is pretty easy but if you take this teacher you\'re better off reading the book and teaching yourself.
166	2	VERY nice. Extremely helpful and thorough whether you\'re good in math or not. Self-paced course (with limits), so you can really grasp material before moving onto next topic. Great course for anyone to take. An extremely patient and kind prof. that is willing to help at anytime.
965	4	great teacher, going to his office hours is very helpful because he is willing to go over and workout any problem you ask him too. lots of homework but it prepares you for the test. pretty funny. tests are based on the homework, very fair grader. . don\'t skip class. this class will not be an easy A. study and do your work and you will get an A.
246	2	Great teacher. NOT a push over by far. Do her HW, attend class, do her reviews, and you WILL do well. Rare teacher that cares about her students. relays information in a clear simplistic format. AWESOME TEACHER!
760	4	Currently in her class and it\'s so easy! just pay attention to her notes, do the practice tests, poppers and quizzes and you should be fine.10% of your grade from your practice test is added to the exam grade. Also if you\'re happy with your grade after the 3 exams you don\'t have to take the final. She is very sassy and sarcastic but i find it funny
998	3	Okay so i am going to start with the good things because this professor isn\'t a terrible person just really tough. She stops for questions students have. Her grading is really tough though. On tests she deducts many points for small mistakes even for handwriting. If math isn\'t your thing its going to be tough. Homework is worth almost nothing.
609	4	Mrs Moore is so helpful that at almost every opportunity there is a chance for extra credit, shes helpful and like in any class, DO THE HOMEWORK!! thats the only way to pass. she makes time available to help via office hours and through email and she has an SI leader help the class. Definitely gave me an opportunity to be happy with math again!
823	1	jerry is the man, definitely my favorite math teacher i\'ve had at wwu
