0ce5fad7985621e921997627140e16e4	neutral	Divertida, absorbente, tierna y llena de ironia...me ha encantado!
68e1544f62501385804b70e84c0a4eb4	very non-critical	Couldn't get into it. Bleah. Dead animals
51e3869ea772cbefe76b45e0f4bc12ae	critical	"This book. What a turbulent ride. It lured me in with the description of ""a remarkable young woman's quest across America,"" which is...not quite accurate, in the way that left out information doesn't always constitute the truth. This is not my usual type of book--it was extremely harsh. Some would say realistic, and I may answer--perhaps, but not everyone's reality. It was immensely bittersweet, and sad. One of the reviews touts humor, but I didn't see it. It was truly a sad journey made by a resilient character. The ending is not what you want it to be, but it is an acceptable substitute. I really did appreciate that throughout the carousel of characters that Lillian meets, the author take the time to resolve each minor character's story. I actually really appreciated that. I wish more authors did that. It was a tough read, though, and that's why it gets 3 stars instead of 4 from me--it's really 3.5, I would say--it's hard to ""really like"" a book that tears your heart out and stomps on it a few times. Warning--way too much sex in this book for most of my friends, I think!"
7ba79a2752c4d95e665a0606dd2fa688	neutral	Daniel Johnson presents a well-researched account of the role chess played before, during and after the Cold War. Johnson is very pointed in his condemnation of Soviet communism and his analysis of how chess played a role in its downfall presents a side that few have considered before or even since. According to Johnson, chess was vitally important for Soviet propaganda and culture. When challengers like Samuel Rheshevsky and Bobby Fischer appeared to challenge Soviet hegemony, the Soviet chess establishment spared no effort or considered no tactic too low to thwart the threat. When Garry Kasparov, himself at one time a member of the Communist Party, decided to step outside the system in his successful challenge to Anatoly Karpov, it dovetailed with the eventual overthrow of the Soviets in the 1980s and 90s.   This book does not require much more than rudimentary knowledge of chess to understand. Johnson does an excellent job of explaining the nuances and personalities of the game to the non-expert. Recommended for those interested in history and politics as well as chess.
ae7f74f2abe4c937a06e8bc82d8e2085	critical	"This is another book that proves the power of the lesser-known story. I highly recommend this for anyone who is related to a person with developmental disabilities, or has interest in the population. Larson stitched together a fascinating tale that posits the real legacy of the Kennedy family -- their efforts and funding toward legislation and organizations that addressed the needs of people formerly viewed as either hopeless or ""un-fixable"". The author writes from a distance but her choice of subject matter indicates her opinions on the subject. In the proper hands, the story would make an unforgettable movie."
d5d2fefdc48beecfe5c87a56763ae19a	non-critical	What an absolutely delightful, fun, book to read with my grandson, Nathan. How could a book about a boy whose mother's died, who has never known who his dad is, who is running away from an orphanage and is homeless, who has been abused, FUN? It is! Such a wonderful book!
42c9f02b05fe903c332356f9498713cd	very non-critical	Thoroughly satisfying blend of mystery, romance, and social commentary.
94644fcbb0aebadae003fbf0d175ab2d	very non-critical	Napoleonic war + dragons. Two great favors that go well together. Iskeirka is also the awsome-est character in any book ... Ever!
aeeb61615a40f5cacb3ff9c392b0ecab	non-critical	I didn't expect to find reading a book so mordant to have such an impact on my feelings.   I was wrong.   Martin's writing is so precise, so absolutely perfect. Each word is put into place like a building block, interlocking perfectly with what preceded it, and those yet to come. I had to reread many sentences over and over again, to just bask in the beauty of their structure.
217426082d471b6203e5d47784fd4738	very non-critical	http://lecturadirecta.blogspot.com.es...
5250aa756ffc7c3052d5ccb588269b3f	very critical	I must admit that although I am a huge fan of Ms. Huffington's popular aggregate news site (The Huffington Post) - I had not realized that Ms. Huffington had previously written biographies!! I am not much of one for self-help and the type of non-fiction she has written in recent years (I have not read any, so no comment) - but I discovered this gem in a wonderful used bookstore and I thoroughly enjoyed it. Being of Greek origins herself, Ms. Huffington offers slightly unique perspective to the well-known story of Maria Callas and I found her writing - especially despite how young Ms. Huffington must have been at the time - to be fairly effortless and I enjoyed the book beginning to end. Even for those of you not a fan of Ms. Huffington's politics, the book speaks for itself and is as good an insight into what made the fascinating, mysterious, elusive and I always imagine deeply tortured Maria Callas as any and is much less dry than many similar offerings. For some reason, Maria Callas always broke my heart - even before I was old enough to understand the whole Aristotle Onassis angle - and I truly felt she was captured here at her most alive, most complicated and most tragic - from the highest of highs to the depths of pain to which any (or at least many) woman can relate. Yes, there may be more clinical, factual, in-depth biographies of this mysterious creature, but I rather enjoyed the less-formal, more casual tone here, as to me it suits the subject who, although ethereal and larger-than-life, was in the end proven to be just as human and breakable as the rest of us. Sometimes it takes a woman, and a more knowing/understanding lens, to truly understand another emotion-based, fallible woman. Some people are best explained in technical, emotion-less ways, but for me Ms. Huffington's slightly more informal yet also more compassionate portrayal remains my favorite insight into a womanly force such as Maria Callas. And I am glad she wrote the book long ago, whereas her take now might be more polished, I loved this just as it is, vulnerability and all.
21dc6b38ef133b1a875eb309a84f9374	neutral	Well written, well researched. Xenophon, Cyrus, Chlearchus, Theo, and all the rest come to life. The second half of the novel isn't as strong as the first half. The love story seems stilted at times, but gives the narrative greater depth.
6858af07734685e359ead26bad2e3bb2	critical	I remember hearing these stories of Libya in the news when I was growing up - barely. Cooper's book puts a face to the realities so many people in our world live everyday but because it's not our reality, we can ignore it. Even she found it easier to ignore for a time, but then she had to return to face it once again. Her story expertly brings together her feelings and emotions along with the facts of her home country, the good, the bad, and the unthinkable.
1cb30504da2f00f9845bb388876c624f	non-critical	I read it because it was reported to be the story of a woman who throws caution to the wind and moves to the Australian wine country. And while that holds true it just wasn't what I was hoping for. Other than dust and drought conditions, not many elements of adjusting to Australia and the conditions there were included.   If you are a fan of bodice-rippers with heroines who like being sexually dominated this may be the novel of your dreams. It wasn't mine.   It is a smutty, trashy romance in the best possible connotations of the genre. My only complaint - if that were the type of book I were going for - would be that the ending is quite abrupt and leaves the reader with questions.   While it did contain all the necessary elements of a great trashy romance, that just wasn't what I was looking for. My score reflects less on the novel and more on my mood.
329909eb495e57d3211717e85252c84f	non-critical	Really enjoyed this. Perry creates fully formed characters who inspire great emotion in the reader. Monk is my new Brunetti!
6b2d2ed1410500235084ff3e3e171d63	neutral	I just finished Captured By Desire in one day. I love romance novels, but sometimes it takes me a while to get into historical novels. This, however, was not the case with this delightful page-turner by Kira Morgan. I found the story quickly introduced the characters, but savored the development of their relationship. I quickly found myself intrigued by the tall, muscular Norse huntsman, Rane whom was first honor-bound to protect Florie, and eventually was bound by much more.   I enjoy a strong masculine character, but also extremely enjoy a strong counter of a female character in historical novels, in which Kira Morgan delivers. Florie is a whitty character that although caught in a bind of questionable morals, you root for her the whole time. Kira takes you through a journey of love and danger, where you hope that love and lust will prevail, and that the mystery haunting Florie will be solved.   I would recommend this book to all of my fellow romance addicts!
c35838332ddae7d20d399ec4bc64761f	critical	Review at: http://queenofteenfiction.blogspot.co...   Well, what can I say about Out of The Easy? There aren't words to describe how much I fell in love with this book.   I have a feeling that Ruta Sepetys is going to be one of those authors that every time she releases a book, I will buy it no matter what. She is fast becoming one of my favourite writers.   Out of The Easy is set in 1950s New Orleans. Now, it's not often that I read historical fiction, but I made an exception for Ruta's first novel (Between Shades of Gray) and it was a beautiful story, so reading this book was an easy decision for me.   The story follows 17 year old Josie and her life working in a bookstore and cleaning for well-known Madam, Willie, who she has known since she was a little girl. Josie is a fantastic heroine. She is strong and smart and you really feel the struggles that she faces. Her friendship with Patrick and the story between them is written so perfectly. I also love how she is determined not to follow in the footsteps of her mother, sticking to her own ways.   I also adored Willie! She's definitely one of the most interesting characters I've came across in a while. I love how much she did genuinely care for Josie throughout the story. There were some really heart-warming moments between the two of them.   Each character in this story was captivating to read about. It's not often I read a book in which all of the characters are so amazing. They are all so unique and they help create a story that will stay with you for a long time.   The pacing of the plot is perfect. Nothing feels rushed within the story and every chapter leaves you needing to read the next one.   What I also really love about this book is that it captures the setting and the time of New Orleans so perfectly, you feel as though you are actually there with the characters. It has made me want to read more books set in New Orleans, that's for sure!   I would seriously recommend this book to anyone, even if you don't usually read historical novels because, trust me, you won't regret it. It's like no other book out there.
81a7f0c2b346e5c9c6b676c7de2fbd39	neutral	This wasn't so much of a memoir as it was Betty talking about certain things in her life she's passionate about. I didn't even realize that this was not her first book, which would explain the light tone of it. Keeping that in mind, I thought it was a good read. I love me some Betty, though, so as far as I'm concerned anything she touches is gold.
879a16cc167c57470e424b5fe2e6b5f6	very non-critical	A
95cbf3c9a7d0e6083dc07a5191c6ada4	very non-critical	The story is set in the aftermath of World War 1. It takes place over five days in november 1920 when the the coffin with the body of the Unknown Soldier is brought from France to his resting place in Westminster Abbey.   A novel about countries in mourning and about what life must have been like in the years after this gruesome war.   A moving, touching debut.
36462d3da3b3a48d528f7de60ca44925	neutral	EXCELENTE LIBRO ME GUSTO MUCHO EL CAPITULO SOBRE LAS TERRAZAS DE BAALBECK Y EL DESIERTO DE ARABIA SAUDITA DE RUB EL JALI
b39f0dfe7f534951e82ccc6e455c00d4	neutral	"""You can't ever reach perfection, but you can believe in an asymptote toward which you are ceaselessly striving."" Paul wrote with his heart, about what he felt like after being diagnosed with terminal lung cancer. And this was not just about his life after the disease. It comprises of his early life, his decision to drop literature (after almost excelling at it) for medicine, and the 'pastoral' role that he took up in his professional life. Lucy's (Paul's wife) epilogue draws a better picture of Paul - a compassionate, a more truthful account of how he would have been."
9067864f9f7a4de9c6840cf40175c79a	critical	I was disappointed with this book,it was not what I expected. I was looking forward to an alternative history political thriller, but instead was served with a detailed account of the life of a 1940s Jewish New Jersey family. The book posits the election of Charles Lindbergh, celebrity aviator, isolationist, admirer of Nazi Germany and anti-semite, as US President in 1940. The story is told through the eyes of an eight year old Newark Jewish boy. The life of the boy's family is described in great, and for me tedious, detail. At times the writer's voice sounds like an eight year old, which works well such as the boy's fear and simultaneous fascination of seeing the stump of an amputee's leg. But most of the time the writer is looking back retrospectively and this makes rather tiring reading.   There is far too much detail, such as pages of description of wedding guests who play no further role in the book. The pace is very slow and it's nearly half way through the book when we get to the first dramatic event. This is a family trip to Washington, with unpleasant scenes in a hotel and restaurant. The episode is very well described. But then the family returns to Newark and for much of the book nothing dramatic happens. The book convincingly describes tensions within the extended family as whether to collaborate, resist or flee. However these family arguments are just repeated in far too many scenes.   Towards the end of the book nation-wide riots break out and the boy's father has to make a dangerous cross country car journey. However the dramatic effect of this is spoiled by being told retrospectively. The ending, which conveniently lets real history reassert itself at the end of 1942 albeit a year late, was poor and lacked plausibility.
e12614ffb8e473017798f10dd21edabf	very critical	"One of the pleasures of my life is reading history. I read widely these days (literature, philosophy, technology, Gothic), but history is one of the great delights. I can't get enough of diving into a period and place that I only know a little, or not at all. Revising my knowledge is grand, too, when I have a good understanding to begin with.   So I was eager to wade into What Hath God Wrought. Professionally I was trained as a British lit expert, and managed to completely avoid American history from undergrad through PhD. Recently I've been making up for lost opportunities, focusing in particular on the Progressive Era and on my state, Vermont. The subject of Walker's tome, America from 1815-1848, is one I only dimly recall from high school and some literature.   What Hath God Wrought delivered beautifully. It brought me back to the old themes: Jacksonian democracy, the Bank War, the Transcendentalists, the Mexican War, the American Renaissance, the Marshall Court, manifest destiny, immigration, and nullification. And it showed me subjects I knew nothing of: the Sabbatarians and Locofocos, Rhode Island's odd yet important Dorr War, the boom time in religious activity, the popularity of low-level criminal violence. The book gave me new insights into presidents, like Van Buren (whose presidency gets dubbed ""Jackson's third term"") and the seriously underrated (and somewhat terrifying) imperialist Polk.   Daniel Walker Howe reminds us throughout the book of many steps leading towards the Civil War, including deepening sectionalism (North vs South), stumbling compromises, and the growth of abolitionism.   Above all Howe's account has a fierce emphasis on racism. For example, in the last chapter he reflects:   The most bloody conflicts... derived from the domination and exploitation of the North American continent by the white people of the United States and their government. If a primary driving force can be identified in American history for this period, this was it. (852)   Again and again we see white supremacy organize itself for its survival. One of the harsh truths of this period is that slavery not only maintained itself, but flourished, extended its horror across North America. Native Americans (this is the Trail of Tears era), blacks, Latinos especially suffered.   Howe also emphasizes gender. On the one hand, he clearly identifies the ruling elite and its main beneficiaries as men. On the other, he explores how women not only suffered as (at best) second-class citizens, but started to organize for their own emancipation. The final chapter that points us forward in time isn't about the Civil War to come, but the burgeoning women's rights movement.   Alongside those two axes of social history What Hath God Wrought focuses on technological changes, specifically revolutions in transportation (canals, shipping, the railroad) and communication (literacy, the telegraph). Indeed, the title comes from the first public showing of the latter invention, the text sent by and copied back to Morse. Howe demonstrates a variety of impacts caused by these improvements in communication and transportation, from more efficient social and political organization to increase sectionalism and the ability to organize a continent-spanning nation.   As I said, I'm no expert in this stratum of American history, so I can't really assess how the book fits into historiographic debates. I can guess at several, based on the bibliographic essay and my knowledge of other histories. Howe views Jackson as something monstrous and clearly prefers the Whigs; this seems to go against a pretty widely held, and apparently liberal, view. He downplays class as a historical driver, spending fewer pages on workers than on women or blacks. Howe's strong claims about Polk as an enormously successful and influential president seem to break new ground, or at least articulate a rarely-voiced opinion. The author's ability to marshal evidence to support these claims, and to make extensive arguments around those materials, convinced me, or at least didn't dismay me into ceasing reading. (This New Yorker review nicely positions Howe in dialog with other historians)   Howe's style is magisterial. He offers long paragraphs crammed with details, yet each sentence powers us through gracefully. I admire Howe's ability to make clear very wonkish policy details (especially on banking, money, and tariffs), and to remind us of the significance of each event. His explicit and implicit judgement of character peoples the book appealingly. Jackson broods over the book as the closest thing it has to a villain, while post-presidency John Quincy Adams is its ethical heart.   Overall, What Hath God Wrought is a historical feast. Strongly recommended."
393720259c1f8564816a9e590923ebcd	very critical	"I had a hard time putting this book down, not because it was action packed or particularly fast paced, but because the development, sincerity and engaging voice of the main character at both stages of his life was refreshingly flawless. The voice remains true and believable throughout the entire narrative and is well developed giving me a clear picture of who Jacob Jankowski is and why I should care. Because this is achieved, I am fully invested in his world and experiences. Like wise, the supporting characters are dynamic and interesting, but even given their deformities, whether physical or psychologically, they never over shadow the main character.   The book provokes thoughts on treatment and intelligence of animals, economy, marriage, class, race, healthcare, friendship and family. As well as, it forces us to take a hard look at how our culture deals with the elderly.   ""Sometimes the monotony of bingo and sing-alongs and ancient dusty people parked in the hallway in wheelchairs makes me long for death. Particularly when I remember that I'm one of the ancient dusty people, filed away like some worthless tchotchke.""   If I had to give a 'con' to the book, it would be toward the ending when the author simplifies Jacob's journey with a 'run away with the circus' solution. However, this does not disappoint and in a way is the logical path and most appropriate ending given the character's circumstances and alternative. It is the happiest it can get."
e3107449139bcd8ca3572dfdb3020643	non-critical	Thank you Sarita for a great read. I love regency and this one did not disappoint. I love this time period and the writing was very good. Can't wait to read another one.
1b5c8a616e98c8389fd49516a12da622	neutral	Poehoe, eindelijk uit! Een tip, begin niet aan dit boek als je het niet in een ruk kunt uitlezen omwille van bijvoorbeeld een drukke vakantie. Het is een interessant boek maar je moet er wel je aandacht bijhouden en op het einde begon ik het wel heel erg langdradig te vinden. Ik heb nochtans wel veel bijgeleerd. Zo bijvoorbeeld dat Steve Jobs eigenlijk niet echt aardig was, maar wel (relatief) geniaal. Ik wist niet dat er zoveel over iemand kan verteld worden, ik zal nog in actie moeten schieten met mijn 'saaie' leven... :)
5faeb093299c8d921246ea4b81ea97e1	neutral	Well-written, but very, very brutal and violent. A good vs. evil tale on a ship in the early 20th Century near the North Pole. Plenty of deaths via knife, drowning, freezing, starving and decapitation. Like Moby Dick crossed with the Revenant, including several scenes with bears - killing one and sleeping in the carcass. Yuck. This was a NYT Top 10 book last year. Not recommended for most people.
20c37a029010328c2a3f187ba93e592d	non-critical	This is a clever historical romance with characters clearly molded on some unexpected originals. The fact that the characters have flaws that remain to plague them even after they find love is most definitely a plus. Milan's ear for dialogue has improved throughout the series, and the humor and sexiness of the story are delicately balanced against the genuine and sometimes harrowing emotional content.
4d1e1372892733c80b79d8002673ef85	non-critical	I love a good historical fiction novel....sadly this wasn't one of them. I was bored and struggled thru it, maybe it was all the technical plane talk throughout most of the first half. I liked the characters but I didn't care about them. I couldn't get invested in them or their struggles.   Whatever the cause, I felt this was my least favorite WWII historical fiction novel of all that I have read and it wouldn't be one I would recommend.   Go read The Nightingale!!!! Now THAT is a great WWII novel.
fd8bebc01a5de4c8106413316ab30032	neutral	September 26, 2005   What an interesting book! While it is a fictionalized account of the events of Mary's life after she landed in New York, I come away from the book having learned quite a few things. For more information on typhoid fever check out the CDC site.
77c754a5a418885d94ccfe65dfa9915f	critical	I chose this book for our book club to read. From the first few pages, I thought it would be a great book, but it soon began to disappoint. The problems I found were the very difficult foreign names, both Dutch and Japanese, the sheer number of characters (I found a list on line that someone composed of the first 125 characters) and the confusing storyline. It is a lengthy epic of 479 pages.   When my book club met to discuss the book, there was no general consensus as to what everyone thought. One person absolutely loved it, another found it a struggle and didn't like it, another abandoned it, and a couple found it long and tedious. To me, it was like an assignment I had to get through.   David Mitchell has written a very complex, well researched narrative about the trading relationship in Nagasaki, Japan between the Dutch and the Japanese at the beginning of the 19th century. His writing is very good and his extensive research comes through as he shows us the contrast between the European and the Japanese cultures. There are a number of plots and sub-plots throughout the story that keep one's interest up and keep the pages turning, but it also demands one's concentration and patience. Perhaps my own problem with the book is that I didn't have the patience and concentration I should have had in order to fully appreciate his writing. I like being challenged when reading, but I do need to enjoy the journey more than I did with this one.
81652da9884ca0eb113a0d73d11749d1	neutral	"This was excellent read! For me it was an heartfelt and also tragic story in many ways for the main character Emma Lou! She does a lot of soul searching and tries to find herself. She has a lot of issues and the main one she deals with in the book is her skin complexion. If you love the book ""Bluest Eye"" by Toni Morrison you will also love this book!"
dbca5463a139eee65c2447bd6bfaf40a	very non-critical	3,5*****
285e6b87452896128d7ae7025eb78aac	neutral	"Stydno kak-to, chto ia ne chital ""Ubit' Peresmeshnika"" ran'she.   Eto, konechno, zamechatel'naia detskaia knizhka. Slishkom didaktichnaia mestami, no rovno to, chto nuzhno umnomu vos'miletnemu mal'chiku ili devochke. Da, zhal', chto ia eto ne prochital v detstve."
4ee1939e5d517dc84462a4c0565b1793	non-critical	I will miss going to Africa each night when the day is done! Very tempted to read Markham's West with the Night and Dinesen's Out of Africa over again--may spend the fall in Africa. McLain humanizes a wonderfully unconventional and courageous feminist, warts and all.
311d05f0bcb9fe5f11941e5fc97524b9	critical	What an emotional rollercoaster, people!!!!   Just finished it, and tears still rolling down my cheeks.....   Powerful, a unique reading experience, I'm collecting my thoughts and trying to figure out how to write a review for such an amazing book!!!   I don't know, but let me try, please....   Alice Walkers powerful book dealt with poverty, the meaning of not having an education, child sexual abuse and how against all hope never to let the darkness win.   It's the story of Celie and his sister Nettie, both Africa-American children which grow up in terrifying circumstances and Nettie became latter a missionary going even to Africa.   It's the epic story of a broken family full of intimidation and rejection, Celie at the age of fourteen years suffer sexual abuse by his stepfather.   She also has children with him, wich he will give away from her!!!   With full purpose she then will be kept without education and must suffer long-term misuse and abuse.   After his mother died, the only person she has left, is his sister Nettie....   But both of them will be cruelly separated.   The book is written from Celie's perspektive and rendered in many places with a poor Grammatik...   Let me say that is must be so, because this its the way Celie has learn to speak.   And it will shows the reader, that in order to deliver a powerful and mighty book, the Grammatik is not the main issue in it!!!   I don't want to include some spoiler in my review for you folks who haven't read this masterpiece yet....   So let me say that this is a book that will get under your skin.....   It will touch you deeply!!   Five stars is not nearly enough....   Recommendation to all of you, and happy reading!!!!   Dean;)
dfdbb584050332de5a80b3fd3be56b65	very critical	I bought this book because I knew that it was a true story of Bryce Courtenay's son. It was absolutely heart breaking to read what his son went through and delightful to read about the unconditional love that his partner possessed for him.   My eyes were truly opened to the struggles and prejudices that someone with hiv/aids and hemophilla lives with every single day. It was a beautiful novel and I actively encourage everyone to read it.
5e0f1949b53f39da4d481268e5f793b7	neutral	The story started out good, but then the conflict between the hero and heroine dragged on longer than necessary. The story went from believable to over-the-top in my opinion. I do like the way the author writes with a lot of character interaction.
5a22d0de7fa80bfe7c4dced8390fc0ee	very non-critical	This series is pretty cool. It's what the Dan Brown novels would be like if Robert Langdon were, well, a girl who had the devil for a father. It's got just the right mix of history, evil, travel, and high stakes for humanity. It's a lot of fun and drama all tied together.
af5e434900a3a5628e1d7058cdd9625d	neutral	I really liked Iris. And Quinn is the master of light and entertaining romance. (So why does she have to go dark and melodramatic??) For the first third of the book I was certain it would get at least three stars from me. But oh. My. God. That. Plot. The hero is not only a jerk, he's also stupid and everything he did was either annoying as hell or awfully cringeworthy. That crazy plan of his was not only offensive and truly malign towards the women involved, it was also ridiculous. I mean if you're willing get that crazy I'm sure there are a number of better, slightly less crazy plans to consider before this one. I'm disappointed and disgusted.
b44a285fe9e31b83c4aaea45668042cb	neutral	"It's not that the book was bad, it was either just boring or that I didn't like the way the book was set up. Switching back and forth between ""positive"" descriptions of Mengele to the actual henious mengele. Or the fact that the book took forever to get to the part you really want to know about: the ""untold"" part of the twins stories. That's what I wanted to hear, not personality studies on the doctor himself. I did not finish the book, maybe I'll pick it up again when the interest strikes me."
ba0bc8a0c4afb89a23bd68faf3b25368	very non-critical	Really interesting look at competitiveness, motivation and determination. Elucidating and inspiring.
4f504f2576893b8848cb4ab929927ab9	non-critical	I never heard of her until recently when a GR friend posted his review of this book. I love GR exactly for that reason. Many of the best books I've read I've found via people here who have posted reviews and drawn my attention to writers I didn't know and since they are not bestsellers, writers I might have never known.   Teffi writes beautifully. She met many interesting and influential people AND, she wrote about them. As always when it comes to Russian literature, keeping track of who's who with all the various forms of names, can be (at least for me) a challenge. But it's a puzzle well worth working out. Both Lenin and Tsar Nicholas II read her work. And now, I'm a fan too.
c215ef22c845e38fde0c9bfec674e0a2	very non-critical	https://ilayreading.wordpress.com/201...
1debb15485386d7a0cbf94ad48598109	very non-critical	So good! This is what non-fiction should be - fascinating and sneakily educational! I did not know Magellan was chopped up into little bits by the locals or that he deserved it...
1590a6a2f38ac85264b3b8fafc52f479	neutral	This was a fine book, but I'm a big fan of Amy Poehler and I wish this book had been a little less like People Mag and a little more like her intelligent and insightful comedy. My disappointment is partly my own fault: I expected this would be a book of social commentary as much as autobiography, but it's really more autobiography. Probably I should have read the book description. Poehler is a smart writer and I liked listening to her in the audio book, but I liked this book best when she was talking about how she sees the world rather than just the people she knows or the things she's done.
32a4361c44b545f98b14a5c89988995c	very critical	"Told in straightforward unadorned prose, this is one man's search for himself that takes him from an abusive childhood into war and home again. Through Wasdin's experience we travel with him from a rural upbringing and into the U.S. Navy, where Wasdin's experience as a battered child gives him something of an edge -- an advantage that becomes clear when he decides to enter the SEALs. Eventually a sniper in the elite SEAL Team Six unit, Wasdin served in Mogadishu during the battle made famous in the film Black Hawk Down. Badly injured, he returns home, where he has to put the pieces of his life together without the structure of the military -- the marriage he neglected, the daughter who eventually stays with her mother, the son who clings to him, the injuries that cause him pain and the search for a role outside the SEALs.   I disagree with reviewers who say that Wasdin's ego makes this book difficult to enjoy. Yes, he's proud of the SEALs and often views them as superior to other special ops and special warfare units, but, hey, it's not uncommon for someone to cheer for their own team. I can only say that Wasdin's story touched me deeply as a very human story. I never saw him as a mindlessly arrogant SOB. I felt he was subtly critiquing himself for some of those attitudes through the plain, sometimes self-deprecating tone of his writing.   The insight into elite sniper training was fascinating, as were all other aspects of Wasdin's military experience. As a woman who would never be able to serve in one of these units and has not been in the military, it's as close as I'll probably ever get to understanding what it's like.   I cringed to read about the inept actions of the U.S. government during this time, as well as bungling among military brass. With human lives on the line, one hopes these organizations have resolved some of the issues that led to the deaths of U.S. servicemen in Mogadishu, such as men in the helos not being able to communicate directly with men on the ground.   I was absorbed by the story from cover to cover and found myself tearing up at the end when Wasdin finds peace helping to heal the injured as a chiropractor.   I should add that Wasdin uses what is considered to be ""foul language."" This doesn't bother me at all (I've never understood why people get upset over words). Words don't scare me. There is also some graphic retelling of battles that could be upsetting to some. I suspect those people won't pick it up anyway. It isn't a book about bunny rabbits and flowers, after all.   I'd recommend this book to fans of SEAL fiction, as well as anyone looking for a deeper understanding of the SEALs."
3f06109f75a9eafe71a04fb6fc4a2fe1	very critical	"I've long been taught that unless you can really make it work, to avoid writing present tense in long pieces at all times. In The White Queen, it's not bad, but Gregory doesn't really sell it. Maybe it's just that I've had that lesson drummed into me.   I had issues with the plotting. One chapter, Elizabeth Woodville and Edward had just married, the next, there's mention of their girls. When did that happen? The novel moves away from the first person perspective to third person to show scenes, usually battle scenes, that Elizabeth wouldn't have witnessed. It's jarring and clumsy, particularly with Elizabeth's occasional interjections. I also found the battle scenes to be lacking in substance.   I founding the ending very sudden, like what you'd expect from a huge book and lopped into three sections and published as a trilogy without any editing. I'm not at all familiar with the history of the War of the Roses so I felt as though I'd been left out of something.   The Melusina story was interesting, but I felt as though it would've worked better as a prologue rather than being interwoven into the narrative. The references to Melusina were repetitious, but nowhere near as annoying as Elizabeth's overly dramatic mentions of that dark locket, ugh.   I picked up this book because the blurb made it sound like Elizabeth Woodville was an incredibly strong woman, and I'd love to see more of that. Except, I couldn't really warm to Elizabeth. Every ""please don't go off to war and leave me"" exchange set my teeth on edge. Yes, I understand being reluctant to see your husband ride off to war, but he's not going off for something trivial, he's fighting to defend his throne.   The magic in the novel was all right. I like the subtle edge, but it's almost too subtle. Especially when it mostly involves reeling in threads that your mother has thrown into water.   The White Queen is an easy but middling read."
8975bb8d055fc5df4f1aa3a28a53368b	non-critical	3 3/4 stars. The opening is excellent- powerful, specific, relatable and fascinating. Hogs describes what happened after he was born profoundly handicapped. Of course it's ridiculous to criticize such a memoir, but I feel the middle dragged with the writing losing crispness and devolving into rather ordinary reminiscences. Happily the book ends on a stronger note with a decision that gives the reader something to mull over.
00f2bde969bb6055189b373968ca1ac0	very non-critical	Another great book from Jennifer Moore!   http://brooke-brookesbooks.blogspot.c...
09cd5029bd40bc084bc436147b3cc000	neutral	It was good, but not exceptional.   Annabel's family has fallen on hard times, but she is the only one willing to step up and try to fix things. After public disgrace, a sentence is handed down: one of them will have to become an indentured servant to Lord Ranulf, owner of their land. It looks like it will be up to Annabel. Not that her family is grateful at all.   As Annabel learns how to work with her hands, she also gets to know Lord Ranulf, who is terribly disfigured from an accident in his past. Despite his prickly exterior, the two build up a rapport. She reads to him from the Bible at night and their shared faith becomes common ground for a friendship to develop.   * * * * *   Two things made this one unique from other retellings: the historical side of it--tenant farmers, and community courts deciding issues, etc.; not sure how accurate that was, but it added interest--and the Christian content. There's quite a bit about various Bible passages, and Annabel's strong desire to go into a nunnery plays into the way the plot works out in the end.   Content: Clean. There was an attempted rape, but Annabel defended herself and was rescued before it got anywhere.   I blog at www.ofbooksandblooms.com
b5453cb38dceda3f1f077d5473d58885	very non-critical	Excelent book.
97c22de128f4e0d9b27ee89542504945	very critical	Alan Wynzel is a masterful writer and storyteller who drew me into every detail of his memoir When I was German. Even after I finished reading about his lost childhood, the images he created in my imagination continue to haunt me. A story about two dissimilar, warring parents who lived in a past that could not be regained, whose religious, political, and moral beliefs caught their child in a web of emotional confusion and conflicted identity. The author's sad, at times humorous recounting of survival techniques anchored in a vivid imagination allow the reader to comprehend how the child endured the bullying in, and outside his home. In spite of the psychological abuse his parents showered on him, Wynzel writes about their shortcomings with soulful understanding and deeply felt empathy.   The writing is honest and at times wrenchingly emotional. I love how the flow of consciousness is not disturbed by punctuation. In the end, I was pleased to see the story come full circle as the concluding words connected to the beginning, indicating that the author had come to terms with his childhood and his identity. I commend Alan for his enigmatic writing, and thank him for offering the world this beautifully written, highly personal story. This is a must read for anyone who enjoys well written memoirs and personal stories.
cb4af6163c4e720af188398cbe0c3b05	non-critical	Powerful story about courage and friendship. Great for middle grade readers.
be6710ba4165d9f2e2fd428c3d87cc8c	non-critical	Wonderful book for Middle School boys. Great historical fiction read about the Great Depression/Prohibition era.
4b4cc9277c655d1e1373c366894076fb	neutral	"I really liked this book. I have just discovered Geraldine Brooks this year and enjoy her writing style. That being said, I did not let it encroach on my idealistic view of Little Women. It did follow the story but I simply don't care if Marmee was too much of a goody goody in Little Women. It seemed indicative of the time and it works for me. I was able to separate the two novels with no problems.   March seemed very forward and some of the things Marmee's character did, just didn't coincide with the character I loved in Little Women. Since Mr. March for the most part was left out Little Women and his letters to Marmee were ""lies"", Geraldine Brooks created the character as she wished. And he was a ""gud kin man"". I liked him immensely. I also loved Grace. And Zannah and her little boy. Loved the pouch with the locks of hair from his loved ones.   Don't miss this book but try not think of it as a companion to the Little Women books."
6eecfc945f1bd3c10bc12b50812881fd	neutral	This was a fast paced book that I could not put down. Full of action, this was definitely a page turner. Virtue and Valor hits the spot when it comes to satisfying stories. All of the characters popped out of the page and made me miss them when I reached the end of the book.   Virtue and Valor is the second book in the Romancing a Scot series. It takes place in 1800s Scotland. It can be read as a standalone.   Friends of the Ferguson's, Yancy must travel to Scotland to investigate the cause of unrest between the clans. He will also stop at nothing to gain the affections of Isobel. He doesn't understand why she does not like him and is willing to find out.   Isobel Ferguson is the quintessential strong heroine- Strong, virtuous, sassy, headstrong and vulnerable. She has a hobby of digging for fossils and artifacts. A hobby that will prove to be quite dangerous for her.   It's the battle of wills between those two and I loved the chess scene. As always with Collette Cameron's books, I cannot wait for more.   I received this book as an ARC in exchange for an honest review.
4cb2bc4e2b9c320c1458adddf090b0db	non-critical	This is the first Ben Elton book I have read but it won't be the last. I found the characters fascinating and the description enthralling. In spite of the subject matter it was a really enjoyable read.Addictive.
36e7a94afecf77a7bac76e2334326001	very non-critical	A very good companion piece to Alison Weir's first book in the series of Six tudor queens. If you read it, read it first as I read it after the book so it will make more sense!! Highly recommend if you wanna read the series.
db1f5d0fd708ae52d0c93f1dae8075eb	non-critical	This is the Irish one, with the cats. Beverley actually allowed her villain to kill the cat in this one. But the cat comes back... The romance is a fine one too. I liked it.
01eeb387f92318e4434176d54b6105cc	very critical	"Julia Child has to be the poster child for the late bloomer. She admitted in her book that when she arrived in France in 1948 with her husband, Paul, she was a ""6-foot 2-inch, 36 year-old, rather loud and unserious Californian."" She entered France at Le Havre and fell in love with French food from her first meal--which she recounts in detail. Julia describes learning to speak French, enrolling for classes at the Cordon Bleu, beginning to teach cooking classes, and finally collaborating with two French women to write a cookbook to introduce American cooks to French methods and cooking traditions. Much of the book is concerned with the frustrations of getting Mastering the Art of French Cooking published and Julia's emergence as a culinary cultural force in the U.S. via her public broadcast program, The French Chef. This book was co-authored by her grandnephew Alex Prud'homme and was published after her 2004 death."
aea06622e03e64dc84f1d579dc5cbe67	non-critical	Just goes to prove that ANYTHING can be turned into a Gold Nugget.   OR that EVERYTHING iS a Gold Nugget if you approach it positively.   The compiling of a dictionary seems pretty much dross,   unless you have had the good fortune to run into Dr Johnson   and perused any of his entries and read about his process of compilation.   (Surely THAT has been made into a WHOLE book???!!!)   But any biography of the Grand Man will have at least a chapter devoted to his Magnus Opus.   That Dictionary well-preceded the Oxford   which is the focus here.   Winchester came to fame (with me anyway) with this gripping masterpiece.   Now he just churns them out like a sausage machine.   Read most of the reviews on Goodreads   ...they're full of spoilers and very entertaining because of it.   Just go back and reread this if you merely want to whet your appetite   as to how a murderer and madman contributes to a Dictionary of Renown.
685f077cf807ee195ad83d134e91f585	neutral	I enjoyed this book immensely - largely because it managed to be both smart and fluff at the same time. Lincoln is an immensely fascinating figure before you add the vampires (So much so, that I actually went out and bought a recent real biography of him to read soon, since it had been a long time since I had read a bio of him) But he's a good choice for a vampire hunter, since the real man was so moody and introverted, there's lots of wiggle room to wedge in the undead.   The book is well researched, based on what I know of Lincoln's life, and the author took pains to fit vampirism into the picture of that time completely, not just into Lincoln's life and the institution of slavery. It was clever in that way that a bunch of nerdy college kids can be. You know, sitting in a dorm room over cheap beer, joking about how funny it would be if Abraham Lincoln hunted vampires in his free time, then everybody geeks out about American history around the time of the civil war, and what crazy things could actually be caused by vampires. I could totally see this conversation happening. Maybe I was just a nerd. Don't mind me.
e54667ffefb5735865271425d216776e	critical	This amazing novel has many different story threads woven together beautifully. At the heart is the story of Francesca and her family. Francesca is the daughter of a decent artist in Amsterdam. Taking after her father, she appears to be headed toward great things in the art world. An apprenticeship is acquired for her with the relatively unknown (at the time) Johannes Vermeer in Delft. Things all seem to be looking up - Francesca has an apprenticeship, her family appears to be doing well (her father has a wealthy patron), and she finds herself falling in love with Pieter (a tulip grower and landscape designer). Just when things appear to go well, all starts to fall apart. The patron of her father has become obsessed with Francesca and is determined to marry her - no matter what the cost! How do these problems affect Francesca's art? How will her family fare? What will happen to the blossoming love between Francesca and Pieter?   My favorite part about this novel was the way the characters were written. I truly felt for the characters. I would be excited when good things happened and very upset when horrible things happened. Each character felt so real - they all had their flaws and personalities and didn't feel typical. One of my favorite characters was a minor character - Catherina Vermeer, Johannes Vermeer's wife. She was so good to Francesca and I just loved her personality.   It is very obvious that a lot of research went into this book. Tulipmania was explained in relative depth - this was when the price of a single tulip bulb climbed to as high as a year's salary, everyone wanted them, and then the market crashed and people were left penniless. There were also great descriptions of the cities of Amsterdam and Delft. Vermeer's paintings were discussed - what the meaning are behind some of the works and symbols, stories about the sittings as well as physical descriptions.   I really loved this book - it had so many little stories happening with this family and was very intriguing. I cannot wait to get to read The Venetian Mask which is on my shelf right now.   4.5 out of 5 stars
d7c1f790b15837ae11c08151bc352c97	non-critical	I actually only read J'accuse. But, wow, what a brilliant writer Zola is. I can't imagine anyone in the US writing anything half so heartfelt and forceful. I gotta read me some more Zola.
e3c88fd49615043e80c5e972f6fdf994	neutral	tjf lqlm wtnDb lklmt `nd mHwlh wSf tthyr tlk lrwyh `l~   wlkn ys`n~ lqwl nh n kn hnlk thmh tHwl f~ Hyt~ fstkwn hdhh lrwyh h~ lsbb lss~ wlry'ys~ km SbH shms hw bTl~ lmjhwl wmnb` llnwr yDy' Zlm~ ldms   wln Tyl lnh l ywjd mn lklmt mts` llwSf   llhm slkn~ mslk `shqk wtqbln~ `ndk y llh :)
5fd5ec8aea39fb718cda7dcce9002e25	neutral	It took me forever to get through this book. I just couldn't get started - the writing was much too verbose - just such roundabout ways of writing every single sentence. And there was too much vagueness and talk of dybous and spirits. Once I got passed all of that the situations being described were so heinous, dysfunctional, and hard to even consider that I just couldn't enjoy the story. I know this book is popular with many, but it was just not for me.
c017092fde67998e4e776601a459416a	very critical	This novel is based on the real Van Goethem sisters who lived in Paris in the late 1800's. One sister, Marie, was the subject of several of Degas' artwork. The author does a good job of bringing that time in Paris alive - particularly the lives of very young ballet dancers and the lives of the very poor. She obviously did a lot of research in writing this novel. However, for me to love a book it has to emit some kind of emotion and this did not for me. I give this book 3.5 stars out of 5.
eb3430b29e0b870ccf8f1fdc477d1139	neutral	"4.5 stars!!!   It's always a delight to read one of McCarty's stories. This book is a masterful mix of emotions and wonderful historical details. THE SAINT was an enjoyable read for me. I couldn't hardly put it down. Ms. McCarty captures the spirit of the time.   Magnus McKay is one yummy hero to read about. He's everything I love about heroes- tall, dark, and handsome. He's part of the Bruce's secret Highland Guard. Yeah, he makes my pulse stutter. ;)   Helen is a wonderful and endearing heroine. I loved her! She's a redhead, smart, courageous, and determined. Everything the ""Saint"" loves.   It's such a sweet and tender romance between the two characters and so vibrant that they seem to leap off the pages. This story will absolutely captivate you. Highly recommended for its exceptional storytelling and its unforgettable characters.   I cannot wait to start the next in the series!"
95e06eccd5d76a733158a465d976df6a	non-critical	An enjoyable, easy, ok read. I didn't find Dust of the Land anyway page-turning, but more a cosy Sunday afternoon read. This book alternates between past and present and the story is about Bella, an illegitimate child to a housemaid and an earl and when the earl's wife cannot have children, Bella is taken from her mother and raised at the family estate in England. When things go horribly wrong for Bella, she heads to Australia and this section of the book I really enjoyed. I loved the past, wasn't so fussed on the present. All the business talk in the 'present' sections and trying to save the empire she had created etc got a bit bogged down for me. But if you like historical saga's, you will enjoy this read.
9dd1ce8308ce62660b90a821be565c38	neutral	Offerman gives us 21 heroes. He researched all of them equally, showed the appropriate amount of respect and admiration to each hero, and delivered their stories with humor. He made this collage of historical and current biographies readable and enjoyable. I truly enjoyed the book.
47e761cc2724eac5a616ef046f460333	non-critical	Very few people stop to think about Henry VIII's first queen, Katherine of Aragon, past the fact that she was the mother of Bloody Mary (Mary I of England) and was deposed by Anne Boleyn. At least, that is what comes to mind first, but that is not the Katherine of Aragon in this book. In here, she is Catalina, the youngest child of Ferdinand and Isabella, the baby of her family, a witness to wars and peace, and a remarkably strong young woman when confronted with adversity.   Philippa Gregory takes the origins of Isabella of Castille's youngest daughter and weaves together a rich fictional account of Catalina's early days as a Spanish princess growing up in Alhambra Palace and her initial arrival to marry Arthur, Henry VIII's elder brother. Though they start off on an awkward foot, the princess manages to find common ground and fall in love with her young husband.   We know the history of this queen: she had said, far and wide, that she had remained a virgin through her brief marriage to Arthur, and that was grounds for the young King Henry to apply for a papal dispensation to marry his widowed sister-in-law. Philippa Gregory writes about this period of Catalina's life with such rich detail that you have to remind yourself that it's fiction.   It's engrossing and almost impossible to put down, and Catalina of Spain grows into Katherine of England in the school of hard knocks unlike anything you may have thought about her.
a32221f74013953aeb82ed382de8285d	very non-critical	The Rakes Revenge   This was an enjoyable story of the love affair of Rob McHugh (Lord Glenross) & Afton Lovejoy.   Rob has just come back from imprisonment in Algiers and Afton has bought her younger sister to London for her first season. Afton's Aunt Hen has just been murdered and she has decided to become Madame Zoe (her aunt worked as a fortune teller) to help find the murderer. Rob wants revenge with Madam Zoe as he believes she is responsible for the death of his wife and child. He has also met Afton at the balls they have attended at the same time and is falling in love with her.   He eventually finds out that Afton and Madam Zoe are the same person. They decide to band together for a common goal of finding the murderer.   This is part of a series with the Wednesday League ladies - they meet once a fortnight to help solves crimes and help the less fortunate. Other stories involve, Afton's sister Dianthe, her Aunt Grace and Rob's mate Ethan Travis.   A mystery and a bit of loving - a fun read.
b73cf930d538916ff2471e283d82b4f4	critical	It breaks my heart to give this four stars. It breaks it even more to admit that it's really more of a 3.5 star rating.   I love Ellen. I love her more than I love Cold Stone Cake Batter ice cream. This is a BIG DEAL. I think she is hilarious and sweet and that we need more Ellens (not more people just named Ellen - you know what I mean) in the world. I read the book/hard copy version and thought that maybe I would have enjoyed this more hearing her voice on an audio version.   I had a lot of LOLs (that is laugh out louds for those not hip enough to know) early on in the book. She was really tickling my funny bone. And then....I felt like it just kind of fell off about half way through. I probably only chuckled maybe four or five times. It just felt like it was being silly in a childish way and not really funny haha. And then a little bit towards the end, there was actually one chapter that I pretty much skimmed through. I felt horrible for doing it, too! Because like I mentioned, I love Ellen so very much.   I also feel like it is necessary to say that even though this was in the Biography section of my library, I wouldn't really call it a biography. It's not chronicling her life or anything - it's mostly a collection of her musings with a few personal this and thats thrown in, which I do like. I like when she talked about her mom or Portia. Or when she name drops famous people, particularly Harry Connick Jr.
db6bc1f96f4607fcb8a954eb97fa74f7	critical	This is a really great read. Fortunately, I think I got more out of it because of the class I'm currently taking. At first, I didn't understand why incest had to play a role. However, upon learning more about the History of Chinese immigration in Canada, it all made perfect sense. As there were few to no Chinese women around and there was no new immigrants coming, it was inevitable that the pool would shrink. I also learned about the history or Chinatowns and that hoped the story make more sense also.   Apart from that, I really enjoyed the way the story was told and how the different characters were interwoven. I also like how the women take centre stage. Definitely recommend.
55729c070df6acfab79d0d7d3d567080	very critical	This was both a well-researched book and a great story with wonderful characters. It is a book about a young woman in Scots Bay, Nova Scotia in the early part of the 1900s trained in midwifery and the trouble she faces when she attempts to assert her power as a woman and healer.
04b178b09e12c50af66f0717d34ccd52	non-critical	This is one story that I can read over and over again without ever getting bored. There's everything you need to make a story entertaining , you have piracy you have an intriguing hero and heroine and a great romance what else can you possibly ask for !! Cynthia Wright is an awesome writer I would read her books any day !!!!
5e1338ff004fb6743f8c8e6edd15c055	neutral	After the death of her parents and little sister, Mary Faber is turned out on the streets of London where she bands together with other orphans to beg and steal to stay alive. When the gang's leader is bludgeoned to death in an alley, she decides it's time to change her living conditions. Removing his knife and clothes from his dead body she cuts off most of her hair; changes her outfit, and heads for the docks. There H.M.S. Dolphin is taking on cabin boys. She tells the recruiters that she can read, and she's signed with the Royal Navy as cabin boy Jack Faber. Life aboard the Dolphin, while rough, is a good deal better than life on the streets - as long as no one discovers she's a girl.   Meyer, a former naval officer himself, has written a whopping good adventure tale with an eager young heroine who gets herself into multitudes of scrapes and escapes as fast as the fascinated reader can turn the pages. An added treat in the audio edition is Kellgren's ability to give convincing voices to all of the characters, whether they're Jacky's Cockney accents, the English and Irish seamen, French pirates, Jamaicans, or Americans, all are vibrant and convincing. The sure pace of her narration adds another touch of excitement to an already thrilling tale.
96e91e14bc9f3812822c776ecc5a2862	critical	I found Potts' Freudian views to be problematic. His assertions are not always supported by evidence and the psychoanalysis tends to be oversimplified. This is not helped by his convoluted language and instances on contradicting his own argument. He also does not address many key issues that would have influenced Winckelmann's writing. This made more sense once I discovered that Potts' is not an expert on the eighteenth century and is only really interested in the Winckelmann's text, not the culture from which it was conceived. Overall, the book is a good introduction to many of Winkelmann's ideas on beauty, sublimity, and the ideal, but it has some serious flaws.
1ff566fc222d312713df81859e28dc07	very non-critical	Still one of my favorites.
8aaf1b540b2dfbc3effe5ba0a7273292	neutral	I really enjoyed reading through this novel by Richard Doster: a strong storyline, compelling and believable characters, and an underlying message that both encourage and challenge the heart.   Set in the 50s in the deep South, Doster presents an indirect (and sometimes quite direct!) commentary on civil rights and the struggle of two vastly different cultures to come to grips with life together. At times the tale is surprising; yet had you told me this was a memoir instead of fiction, I would have believed it.   Those who find the accounts of the hardships and difficulties of segregation too far-fetched or exaggerated need only read some of the actual history of the era to learn that, if anything, Doster was too gracious in his representation.   Thanks to Richard Doster for a great read!
61874a12ff2caec6665dd9cc5237cf89	neutral	Livro com historias entrelancadas muito bem construidas. Dimensao historica de um cuidado excepcional.   Brilhante a forma como nos e contada a vida de Ramon mercader e tambem de trotsky , percorrendo os conturbados tempos pre, pos e 2a guerra mundial.   Recomendo.
b0e6301b45d736f0bc168171286991e3	very non-critical	"All, everything that I understand, I only understand because I love. -- Leo Tolstoy   I LOVED A ROGUE is the last book in the series but the first book I have read. Perhaps this gave me the opportunity to focus on Eleanor and Taliesin who are probably the ""quieter"" of the characters in the series. Previous characters (Eleanor's family) make a guest appearance at the start and end of the story, but I LOVED A ROGUE is all about Eleanor and Taliesin. Eleanor and her sisters were adopted by their father, a parish vicar, when they washed ashore from a shipwreck off Cornwall. Taliesin was part of a gypsy family who annually migrated to St. Petroc to sell their wares. Eleanor and Taliesin became friends as children. Their friendship was tested as they both grew into teens, forcing Taliesin abandon St. Petroc ... and Eleanor.   Eleven years later, Taliesin attends the vicar's wedding to a local widow. His reappearance disrupts Eleanor's plans to make her own way as she believes she must leave her home for her father's new wife. Taliesin reignites feelings within Eleanor but she holds onto her resentment that he abandoned her. As Eleanor struggles with these feelings, her sister Arabella tasks Eleanor to continue the search for more information about the shipwreck. Arabella then asks Taliesin serve as Eleanor's guide since he is familiar with the Cornish coast. Thus begins a wild adventure for the fated lovers with a pinch of Jane Austen and a dash of Daphne Du Maurier.   At first, Ashe employs internal dialogue to create the emotional conflict between Eleanor and Taliesin. Once they depart St. Petroc, their external dialogue further drives them apart as they cannot see that they compliment each other. Their search is akin to National Treasure - a clue leads to another clue that leads to another clue. This romance laced with mystery kept my attention to read straight through the story. The added bonus is the history Ashe shares about Cornwall and its connection to the Caribbean. Recommended read for Regency fans seeking something outside the London Ballroom.   I received a print copy from Harper Collins for an honest review."
f804357d55aa8ba98d6403e074b9e290	neutral	"""It is for God to punish wicked people; we should learn to forgive.""   -- Emily Bronte, Wuthering Heights   It's full of people with hatefulness and self-centered. I was so emotional reading this book. I can't help, most of the characters are unloveable.   In other side, to make me feel anger when reading it is the proof that this book affect me. The writer succeed creating the characters. However, like Nelly said, I should learn to forgive.."
9065d9d6e6f90b838a0b4cf6a5ee0051	neutral	** spoiler alert **   Although I really disliked all the detailed sex scenes, I thought it was amazing how much Noah Gordon knows. He must have done a lot of research--British history, Persian history, Islam, Judaism, etc. And I didn't feel like there were huge sections I could skip over although the book is rather thick. And the ending was a bit disappointing to me, seeing as how Rob's potential always seemed to be leading him to greater things, like founding a medical university or something . . .
acd734464f3349e915327b813e7e0b87	neutral	I can't find the words to describe this marvelous book. I thought Angela's Ashes was my absolute favorite memoir until I read The Tender Bar. It's witty, funny, sad, shocking and inspiring. I've only visited a bar twice or so, and then only at the invitation of a friend. I had no idea what culture, friendship and family could blossom in a bar. However excessive the drinking got at times, I'm glad J.R. found men to mentor and love him. From Uncle Charlie to Steve to Fuckembabe, we encounter such colorful characters, but the writing is stupendous. I can't praise this enough. I feel sad because the book ended so soon, but I'm sure to read it again and again.
23a16548888f41809a62cfd7c4f277d6	critical	** spoiler alert **   An excellent overview of the Charter's development over the past 30 years. Provides lots of substantive detail, explaining complex legal concepts and articulating how the Charter & s.35 have enhanced civil rights, equality, Aboriginal rights, democratic rights, and legal rights. Well worth the read. In particular, the author provides a superb analysis of the Supreme Court's efforts to balance legislative supremacy with the entrenchment of the Charter, balancing the role of judges with the role of legislators.   Spoiler: it's been a huge success!
6c71152906722257817173888588d4a3	non-critical	Lovely collection of short clean historic romance stories. Nice for a light hearted easy read on a quiet evening. I preferred to read one or two stories at a time. It's nice in that the stories are short enough for one sitting. They are all pretty predictable though and that was kind of annoying after the 5th story. I did not like the Hog Trough story. The title alone made me not interested. Otherwise it is a lovely collection.
c6d56d91110c000c078dcae2f8ff02d4	critical	"""God's Bankers has it all: a rare expose and an astounding saga marked by poisoned business titans, murdered prosecutors, mysterious deaths of private investigators, and questionable suicides; a carnival of characters from Popes and cardinals, financiers and mobsters, kings and prime ministers ...""   So with that I was eagerly anticipating a journey into the underbelly of Vatican politics and double-dealing from the time of Peter to our current Pope Francis. However, the early years were briefly touched upon until we reach the reign of Gregory XVI (1831 - 1846) when the cash-strapped Church was looking for ways to boost their coffers. Thus, the age of lay-financiers, prelates and shady businessmen begins with the Church taking uncertain steps into the world of investment and money-lending. From the reign of Leo XIII the Vatican Bank steps tentatively onto the world stage whilst headed by a select group of financial outsiders, steering the Bank through revolutionary Italy, the stock-market crash and the creation of the Papal State - the Vatican City. It is in the 20th century that the Vatican Bank takes a rather interesting stance on Germany during the 1930s and 1940s - the Vatican has spread its investments thought Fascist Italy and Germany, and is at odds with itself over preserving financial independence and fighting communism or speaking out against documented atrocities. We then move forward through the years of assisting war criminals to the influx of dubious Italian and Sicilian businessmen into the banking hierarchy, and support for fledgling anti-communist movements worldwide.   This a is lengthy tome - with copious notes. It is not a light read - and the reader may find themselves re-reading past chapters."
05869bc19a14c8959ded71a7168baab2	very non-critical	This book took me a while to really get into- honestly, I just didn't like the two main characters. But as I continued to read, I realized that I couldn't get into their heads because there really wasn't a lot of introspection- you couldn't understand why they were behaving certain ways. That changed as the book progressed and the connection grew- the one between the characters and the one between the characters and the reader.   Don't misunderstand me- I love Julia London's writing and that is why I continued. The deception begun by Kiera grew to include Declan and I couldn't help but wonder how they were going to get out of it, and I was not disappointed.   And, luckily, I already own book 2 because THAT ENDING!!!
208bd0c3d305f7325ef5b4fb685b4b50	non-critical	I got a few chapters in and I'm not sure if it was the slow pace or the overly long descriptions that stopped me.
eadac734efd3b8049fc6ccf51c3f0ff7	critical	I really wanted to like it, but really had to force myself to finish it.   I think this is very much more for science people. It felt like an introduction to organic chemistry with disjointed historical asides. My inner historian was having conniptions over the historical oversimplifications and assertions and lack of support for arguments. I get that it's a lot of chemistry and you're doing a selected biography, but that's not adequate for the history bit. Cite your sources, footnotes are friends!   The title is misleading. I was expecting a more direct connection between the molecules (of which there are way more than 17) and history. Certainly there were impacts, but I felt like it was stretched and prodded so much it's like saying atoms have an impact, of course they do, they're everything.   ps-again, I know it's a chemistry book and not biology, but rabbits are lagomorpha, not rodentia.   pps-read Sam Keen's Disappearing Spoon first.
99f5a8257dd48d33a6ff793dc7faa3a2	non-critical	"This was a book that I could not put down. It was a very subtle and sweet variation of ""Beauty and the Beast"" and I think that is what I loved it so much!"
744ce5c813ccce341e52da35a9493d52	very non-critical	I really enjoyed this book! Now I'm itching to read more about Edward II and his times. Looking forward to more books from this author. The story had as many twists and shifting loyalties as the Plantagenet saga. It had me hooked from page one.
eee0125b2a10e9da48e04706b849d34e	neutral	"First of all, to clarify any confusion. This review is for Gillian Bagwell's The King's Mistress, which is the title I read and refer to. This is the UK title. The US title for this novel is The September Queen. Two titles, same novel.   Gillian Bagwell's historical fiction novel The King's Mistress opens in 1651, with 25 year-old Jane Lane pondering her future. Deemed a spinster, her family is encouraging to consider a suitor. Jane is looking for passion, someone she can truly love and be loved in return, and the proposed suitor evokes no so such emotions although he is a honorable man.   The daughter of a nobleman, Jane chaves under the rule of Cromwell, his Commonwealth and society rules in general. Charles I, executed 2 years previous, left a legacy of secret royalists.   Freedom is restricted and, when Jane's closest friend asks her to visit for the birth of her first child, a travel pass is obtained for Jane, a manservant and her cousin. Little does Jane know who will be her manservant.   During this time, rumors abound the son of Charles I has returned via Scotland and been proclaimed Charles II of England. Cromwell issues proclamations of death and forfeiture of lands to any who assist Charles II. Despite these threats, Jane's brothers, Richard and John, and, Henry, her cousin ride to aid Charles.   A terrible battle is fought at Worcester on September 3, 1651, with Charles II and his soldiers routed by the Commonwealth army. All those fought on Charles' behalf and, in particular, Charles himself, are relentlessly hunted by Cromwell's forces. Charles, the big prize, faces the same fate as his father if he is captured.   John and Henry return home without having engaged in battle. It was over before they arrived. The fate of Richard is unknown. It is then Jane learns of Charles' desperation to depart England for safety in France. Charles is a mere 6 miles away. John proposes Charles ride disguised as a manservant with Jane to her friend's home, accompanied by her cousin, Henry.   Jane knows the risk is great, but she is willing to do anything to save Charles. He is royalty and she morally duty bound to aid his escape. Not to mention, the excitement of participating in such a venture has great appeal.   Jane, Charles and Henry spend the next month evading Cromwell's soldiers while attempting to bring Charles to a safe port to sail for France. The journey is fraught with complications and dangers. One of the dangers is Charles. Jane falls in love with the exiled monarch and becomes his mistress.   They spend stolen moments and nights together. Charles professes love and gratitude to Jane, while Jane commits her heart to Charles. Eventually safe passage is found and Charles and Jane part without hope of seeing each other again.   Fate, however, intervenes. Jane and Henry's involvement with Charles' escape is discovered and both are sought by the Protector. Other supporters have died on the scaffold. There is no doubt what capture means for either of them.   Jane and her brother, John, who leaves his wife and 8 children behind, hike hundreds of miles on foot through inhospitable expanses of England, enduring extreme physical trials and emotional strain as they journey towards exile in France.   Jane pins her hopes and dreams on reuniting with Charles. Her reunion and the next years in exile are other than she envisioned.   The King's Mistress is based on a true story. Jane Lane did help Charles escape England after his disastrous invasion attempt. When I read the first few pages of this novel, I thought, ""Oh, dear, this is purely a romance historical and not in my genre."" I quickly revised that impression within 30 pages.   Bagwell's The King's Mistress is on par with select authors I consider exceptional in their genre. The King's Mistress is an intricate rendition of Jane and Charles' story. Multi-layered characters, a protagonist who exhibits bravery, loves with abandon, hopes eternally, suffers disillusionment and loss, captures your admiration, a novel where scenes move the plot forward and, finally, just a downright great read."
38a49e0ec09d1e49bf960b962850f9c0	very non-critical	If I was in love with cooking and food then this would have been a five star book. I don't understand the joy of being enamored with it though. And those people that are probably don't understand my joy of maps or other such things. But it still made this read exciting. I kept thinking of the book Down and Out in Paris and London and the torture those waiters went through. The cooks have it just as bad.   How are these rich chefs and cooks not morbidly obese? Don't they just eat and eat, or is it because they're so gourmet that they don't stoop their tastebuds down the Commoners level so they're more picky. I wonder what percentage of the food they eat satisfies them or is 95% of it dirt and 5% actually delicious? I want to eat at Joque's restaurant. Or that other mentor he worked under for three years. And I thought that was neat how the boss would blame the cooks if customers left food on their plate. He's right, if the food is so good you would want to eat it all. Makes it a challenge to see which plates come back the cleanest and if it doesn't then try harder.   Eric did things that I did as a kid - killed bugs, played in the dirt and mud and loves to hike. Maybe I should have been a 3 star chef (since when did 3 star become 5 star?) I like how France has/had mandatory military service. I wish the US did that.
7e9a7f6ab585c3fdca8564a9d8708adf	critical	This is a non-fiction book set in 1933-34 mainly in Berlin. It tells the story of the American ambassador to Berlin and his daughter during their time when Hitler is coming to power and starting his persecution of Jews, etc. The book is divided into a number of short chapters which I liked because it made it easy to read and absorb all the history and information. Being told mostly from the point of view of the American ambassador and his daughter also is interesting to see the human aspect and reaction to all that is going on in Germany at that time. It's amazing how blase, at times, people can be about atrocities. But as Larson says in his forward, living during that time and knowing how to react is different than living now and knowing how history turns out and what Hitler ultimately does. The book definitely keeps your interest throughout.
2066517d52d1f7214b3a16c489f19d5c	non-critical	Although non-fiction, I see this book as a coming of age, sweeping tale of family, of loneliness, and an insight into a great comic mind. It is fantastic, informative, inspirational and moving.
32bc0dc1c1d792fd47b98993eb8b88b7	very non-critical	Brisbane, 1930 -- It's Nell's 21st birthday and her father, the man she'd always called father, tells her that he had found her alone on the Maryborough dock after everyone had disembarked from the ocean liner and dispersed to their various destinations. He couldn't just leave her there, and while he tried at first to find who she belonged to, after awhile little Nell (they had to call her something) had worked her way into the affections of Hugh and his wife Lil and so they kept her. Worried someone would notice the sudden little addition to their family and that they might lose her, the family moved to Brisbane where they expanded and grew until this wonderful celebration of Nell's 21st party. But for Nell, everything was ruined -- her centre was gone -- she had no idea who she was except for the little white suitcase and the book of fairy tales within that had been all she had on arrival in Australia.   Kate Morton's,   The Forgotten Garden   is an intricate piecing together of clues Nell finds from the past, and those her granddaughter, Cassandra, seeks in the future, as they each separate to time and place, span the continents and enquire here and there, finding this person and that, tracing the author of the fairy tales, until Cassandra finally fits the final piece into the puzzle.   The cottage and garden on the edge of the Cornish cliff that belonged to Blackhurst Manor holds many secrets that Cassandra and her new friends try to coax from people who have guarded the tales for many years. Who was the author? And who was Nell's mother? What role did her uncle play, if any, in her disappearance? Most importantly, did she belong at the Manor or are there too many coincidences and false trails? Morton weaves the backstories into a tale of a beautiful runaway, her daughter, and her great-granddaughter who eventually unravels the mystery of Nell's true identity. The ending was a well-hidden surprise.
d0e72b7bf03ef7d71bc69525d54aab6b	very non-critical	Interesting account of Italy during WWII partly based on a true story along with a murder mystery.
ea68f26f105f06a6727264d72f3916de	neutral	One of my very favorite historical fiction books ... It has a mystery with lots of twists and turns, there is some romance but you do see some of it coming towards the end ... There is a lot of long descriptive passages that can make it hard to get into if you aren't use to reading old English ... I found it easier to get into by listening to on audio cd for the first time.
b13305c85392f5f504a2eb8af9ec536f	non-critical	Good. Only Ok on the historical stuff -- writing not stellar. BUT, a good story, strong charactars, great friendship, great slice of royal life.
cf6687fc53c954fa3e40c4ecc427dac9	very critical	"Pursuit of the Millenium is a well-documented history of anarchic millenarian movements in the Middle Ages that might have been perfect if it weren't for some fairly obvious auctorial bias.   Cohn starts with an excellent thesis and documentation about how the fervor of the Crusades, particularly among the poor, set the stage for later millenarian cults. The 2nd Crusade, in particular, set the stage for later messianic movements by using the non-canonical ""Sibylline Prophecies"" as pretext for invading the Holy Land and killing a lot of innocent Jews, Muslims, *and* Christians (almost always representatives of the Catholic church) along the way. These prophecies, forged at a much later date than their authors' claimed that they were written, were composed mostly by monks to elaborate and integrate the eschatological pronouncements of the Revelation of John into a world-view that saw an ""Emperor of the Last Days,"" either a reflection of or a resurrected Charlemagne, as the key figure that would usher in the final judgement of the world and an era of peace and prosperity for believers. These apocryphal writings informed, to some degree or another, all the millenial movements that came after the 2nd Crusade. Common themes were the rise of a righteous earthly ruler who would lead the fight against the Antichrist (first in the form of the Saracens, later in the form of the Pope) and his minions, resulting in their utter destruction.   In most cases, this ""phantasie,"" as Cohn calls it, led to instabilities in the social order, revolution, violence, and, much of the time, the extermination of anyone identified as an enemy to the movement. Think religious terrorism is of modern provenience? Think again! The methods and agenda of the anonymous author of the Book of a Hundred Chapters, written in the mid-15th-century, would make Daesh squeamish. He even claimed to have used alchemy to invent explosives with which to overthrow the kingdoms of Europe. Car bombs before there were cars!   Cohn's writing throughout is solid and, at times, downright poetic. Take, for instance, this paragraph about the flagellants, those who felt that by lacerating themselves with metal-barbed whips, the world would be bettered by their suffering penitence:   A chronicler remarked that during the flagellant processions people behaved as though they feared that as a punishment for their sins God was about to destroy them all by earthquake and by fire from on high. It was in a world which seemed poised on the brink of the abyss that penitents cried out, as they beat themselves and threw themselves upon their faces: ""Holy Virgin, take pity on us! Beg Jesus Christ to spare us! and: ""Mercy, mercy! Peace, peace!"" - calling ceaselessly, we are told, until the fields and mountains seemed to echo with their prayers and musical instruments fell silent and love-songs died away.   But why stop at whipping yourselves when you can help others to be repentant, as well? These flagellants were wont to destroy the inhabitants of entire cities at a time, likely whipped up into a frenzy of violence by their self-punishment. 'Tis better to give than to receive, no?   While Cohn starts out in a strictly Marxist vein, he branches out to other methods of historical analysis in the later two-thirds of the book. The history of the Brethren of the Free Spirit is fascinating, complex, and ""layered"" in a way that makes a very confusing movement understandable. Best of all, at this point, Cohn lays off on both the thick Marxist and thinly-veiled Freudian analysis, both of which show too much of their structural prejudices early on in the book. This section is really compelling history!   One of my biggest complaints about Cohn is his assumption that Luke's account in Acts Chapter 4 is an ""Imaginary version of the primitive church"". The only evidence I see of this is Cohn's say-so, which makes for very bad interpolative history. Luke was there. He saw it and lived it. There are other accounts that corroborate this evidence, too. Just because the millenial cults used this to further their own arguments for egalitarianism doesn't make it ""imaginary"". Furthermore, I don't know why Cohn is so adamant in distancing himself from this ""phantasy"". I wonder if it had something to do with the time in which Pursuit of the Millenium was originally published, 1957, at the height of the Red Scare. Perhaps Cohn was fearful of being outed as a communist for his analysis of these movements, which often pitted the poor against the rich, so he made certain that it was known that he did not believe that early Christianity actually practiced the commmunal order that they claim to have practiced. But he presents absolutely no compelling evidence to substantiate his argument.   The account of the Taborite movement is fascinating - reading it was like watching what was essentially a medieval hippie commune disintegrate from the inside out. The usual problem with these arrangements reared its head: No one wanted to work, but everyone wanted the benefits of work. The idealism of the movement sowed the seeds of it's own self-destruction, while economic reality caused them to blossom into oblivion. Here, Cohn is back on his game with well-reasoned arguments and a careful reconstruction of the foundation, growth, demise, and the significant influence of the movement on later generations of millenarians.   The beginning of Matthys' Anabaptist movement in Munster sends historical echoes even further down the hall of time to the opening of Khmer Rouge rule in Cambodia. Though the movements are not connected in any way geographically or chronologically, the methodology of both is strikingly similar. From the use of intimidation to the extremities of communal ownership to the fostering of ignorance (in the Anabaptist sects through the burning of all books that were not the Bible and in the Khmer Rouge through the execution of all intellectuals, doctors, etc), the analogs are shocking. Comparing the two would make for interesting research in social history. To whomever takes this as their doctoral dissertation in comparative history, you're welcome. Mention me in the credits, please.   While this is good history, for the most part, it is clear that Cohn really, REALLY likes Marxist analysis. That's fine, as it seems to suit the subject matter and the evidence, at least in the early instances of the millenarian movements. But I suspect that some people joined these revolts out of a sense of spiritual compulsion, not just because they were poor. Poverty is neither necessary nor sufficient to push a person into millenarianism, though it might be sufficient to foster the growth of such movements. The evidence seems compelling, but what evidence *isn't* being shown here? Cohn does not show the full deck of cards here, and I believe he is hiding a card or two up his sleeve. It's not blatant enough to accuse him of outright cheating in the game of presenting historical evidence, but it's enough to arouse suspicion in the reader who is paying attention.   Still, a solid historical work on a subject that could use a lot more attention, given the religious extremism we see both domestically and abroad. Alas, we may just be doomed to having to deal with false Messiahs and their violent movements again and again. After all, we've been doing it, in the Christian world, at least, for 1500 years now. And that is a lot of historical precedent to drag behind us as we try to move forward. At least Cohn's work here helps us to clearly see the sort of circumstances that lead to these extremist movements. Maybe it's enough to start to get a grasp on how to prevent them from spreading so quickly and becoming so violent. Maybe . . . maybe . . ."
58645e8e943e4a34a969ff794e28710e	neutral	I was seduced...   This was non-stop page-turning for me, read it in 3 days, a very darkly sensual and suspenseful book.   Full of romance, interesting characters and suspense, I could not decipher the hidden motives and veiled mysteries behind these characters, almost until the very end which is not very usual in this kind of books.   So, The Seducer was my first MH book but will not be my last! Already looking forward reading Madeline Hunter's next book in this series - The Saint!!
52b2b975814ac264e45d2588f74b7200	very critical	"Somehow when I selected this book, I had not heard the story of Jessica Buchanan's kidnapping in Somalia in 2006, nor her rescue several months later. Curiosity perhaps led me to select this book from NetGalley.   Jessica and Erik's story is harrowing, life-threatening and emotionally tumultuous. Their story is not always easy to read.   Fortunately, the book's rapid-fire start with Jessica's kidnapping occurring within the first third of the book captivates the reader. Jessica and Erik are working in an area of Somalia considered unsafe, but despite this, Jessica's NGO requires her to travel across the Green Line, an invisible line to the naked eye and on maps but well-known to the peoples it divides. The area, its culture and traditions are well described leaving an uneasy feeling about anyone's safety who is not from the area.   Detailed information about their roles in Somalia is provided, and it is clear that as a woman, a westerner and a social worker, Jessica is a high risk. The love and concern that flows between Jessica and Erik about an upcoming trip she must make adds significant tension to the story. The book is quick-paced and filled with apprehension.   Despite the subject, the language used is full of imagery and flows well. Some examples follow:   ""Time drips, while the sickly awareness of how toxic and deadly the situation is builds up in my blood."" ~ Jessica on her circumstances immediately following capture   ""The afternoon bleeds into evening . . ."" ~ Jessica on the ending of   their first day in captivity   ""The soldier . . . did much more than just carry me out of that camp; he took me all the way back out through the looking glass."" ~ Jessica on her rescue and the feeling of passing from one world back into another   Details of the kidnapping and the lengthy negotiations for Jessica's return are nerve-wracking and often I felt tangled in the battle to free Jessica, who is after some time ill and in need of medicine and medical care.   The book relates a growing relationship between Erik and Jessica's father and siblings, how they handle negotiations for ransom, the efforts of our country including the FBI and CIA to free Jessica, and the cooperation among all to free Jessica . . . and suddenly Seal Team Six frees Jessica and brings her home to her husband.   This is where I became disenchanted. After all Jessica's worry if her poor health will keep her from getting pregnant, something she and Erik have longed for but have been unsuccessful in accomplishing, and the risk to their marriage from all that has happened to Jessica during her kidnapping, not much is written about how the two handled a return to their marriage and work, moving forward, and eventually having a son.   Having read through the tension and details of all that had gone before, closing the book with some knowledge of how they successfully made it through the aftermath would have been rewarding. Unless, they are perhaps planning a sequel.   I leave it to you to decide. This book is well written, descriptive, as far as I can tell culturally accurate. Beware, however, that I felt it ended rather poorly for a book with so much energy, mystery, and apprehension throughout."
e10f6e5aa5c2ada18f3f1383540018f4	neutral	Leah is working hard in vaudeville when she encounters Uncle Oliver. Oliver thinks she is the spitting image of his missing niece Jessie. When he finds out that she isn't his niece, the greedy little wheels turn in his mind and he proposes a con - pose as his niece and sign the papers to become the heir to the Carr fortune and split it with him.   At first Leah turns him down flat. Then she is fired from her act in vaudeville and has second thoughts. Leah becomes Jessie, the greatest role of her career. There's only one problem. Someone knows the truth about what happened to Jessie. Leah won't be able to fool him. Leah sets out to find out what happened to Jessie while she is staying with the family in Dexter where Jessie was last seen.   The characters are well written. Everything seems appropriate for the time - bobbed hair, the Charleston, Prohibition, speakeasies, bootlegging. The details about vaudeville are interesting - the different acts, what life was like for the actors, and especially the inclusion of Jack Benny as one of her co-workers. I liked too that she managed to work in a definition showing the difference between burlesque and vaudeville.   I give this book 4 out of 5 stars.   Disclaimer: I received a copy of this book in exchange for my unbiased opinion.
d169ddc612c53f350d16c8cc358f6cb8	very critical	"Bork is famous for being nominated by Reagan to SCOTUS and then proceeded to get sandbagged. When this happens now it's called a ""borking."" After reading this I guess I'm glad he didn't get on the court as he had some silly views like this: Sooner or later censorship is going to have to be considered as popular culture continues plunging to ever more sickening lows. The alternative to censorship, legal and moral, will be a brutalized and chaotic culture, with all that that entails for our society, economy, politics, and physical safety. It is important to be clear about the topic. I am not suggesting that censorship should, or constitutionally could, be employed to counter the liberal political and cultural propagandizing of movies, television, network news, and music. They are protected, and properly so, by the First Amendments guarantees of freedom of speech and of the press. I am suggesting that censorship be considered for the most violent and sexually explicit material now on offer, starting with the obscene prose and pictures available on the Internet, motion pictures that are mere rhapsodies to violence, and the more degenerate lyrics of rap music.   Baby boomer conservatism is almost as bad as extreme liberalism. You can't just censor things cause you don't like them, commie. It does a really good job explaining a lot of the problems leftism causes with society and is overall a good read if you lean right but this book isn't gonna sway anyone right or left. I think a valid criticism of this would be that it sounds like a cranky grandpa yelling at his typewriter. Which isn't necessarily a bad thing it's just that you're not gonna win anyone over like that.   Other highlights:   Gitlin, once a leader in SDS, stresses many of these factors as shaping his generation, and adds another: the ""rock-bottom fact that life ends."" To adolescents without religious belief, that realization can be devastating. Radical politics can then become a substitute for a religion, a way to seek meaning in life, and even, one can hope, a form of immortality. To lead or to be part of a movement that changes the world is, perhaps, to be remembered forever. For many, modern liberalism is a religion.   Black law students had a separate grievance. The law school, competing with other schools, had rushed into affirmative action and recruited black students who, having attended very inferior colleges, were in no way prepared for the Yale law school. As economist Thomas Sowell has pointed out, a minority student who is overmatched can react in one of two ways. Either he can accept his inability to meet the standards of the school or he can attack the standards as dishonest, corrupt, and probably racist. In an effort to hold on to self-respect in a bewildering and seemingly hostile environment, many will choose to reject both the standards by which they are judged and the faculty that judges them. One Saturday I was writing at home when a telegram arrived from the Black Law Students Union announcing that I, along with the rest of the faculty, was ""summoned"" to appear before the BLSU in the faculty lounge the following week. In a mild panic, the faculty met at the dean's house but could not agree on a course of action. Some denied that the ""summons"" was an insult. One professor said that it was his custom to accept ""invitations."" The president of Yale, Kingman Brewster, was present but, already daunted by the radicals, declined to give any advice. I decided not to go. In the end, a little over half the faculty appeared as summoned. The result was a fiasco. The faculty sat in folding chairs that had been set out for them; the BLSU leaders stood before them like instructors...very angry instructors...before a class. Two large students stood at the door, seeming to prevent any faculty from leaving, and no professor chose to test that proposition. In violently obscene language, the BLSU leaders berated the faculty which sat submissively in their chairs and took it. When the dean, a man who had marched at Selma and had a long and distinguished record of fighting for racial equality, tried to speak, he was told that he must remain silent so long as any black had something to say. But, for some reason, the BLSU leader did recognize the former dean, Eugene Rostow. He, however, refused to speak unless the present dean was given the floor. At that, the students swept angrily out of the room, much to the relief of a very frightened faculty. Probably the students needed a pretext to leave since there was no reason for the gathering except to shout obscenities at the faculty, and, that having been fulsomely accomplished, continuation could only have been anticlimactic. When the BLSU was gone, a prominent member of the faculty turned to Alexander Bickel, from whom I had this account, and said, ""Wasn't that wonderful! They were so sincere!"" Bickel did not speak to the man for almost a year.   White radicals behaved no better. One of the few favorable developments, from the faculty's point of view, was that the black radicals refused to cooperate with the white radicals. They believed, accurately, that the whites wanted to use them to further the whites' aims. Blacks sat at separate tables in the dining room, sat together in the rear of the classrooms, stood apart at receptions and other functions, demanded and got their own office and television set on the ground that they could not relax with whites. Timid professors cajoled the white radicals, both cajoled the blacks. Neither set of cajolers got anywhere.   The Sixties were, as Robert Nisbet wrote, ""a decade of near revolutionary upheaval and of sustained preaching of social nihilism."" Except that it was even worse than that. Unlike any previous decade in American experience, the Sixties combined domestic disruption and violence with an explosion of drug use and sexual promiscuity; it was a decade of hedonism and narcissism; it was a decade in which popular culture reached new lows of vulgarity. The Sixties generation combined moral relativism with political absolutism. And it was the decade in which the Establishment not only collapsed but began to endorse the most outrageous behavior and indictments of America by young radicals. It was the decade that saw victories for the civil rights movement, but it was also the decade in which much of America's best educated and most pampered youth refused to serve the country in war, disguising self-indulgence and hatred of the United States as idealism. What W. H. Auden said of the 1930s was even more true of the 1960s: it was ""a low, dishonest decade.""   Because of the universities' expansion, this might have occurred in any event, but more slowly. The Sixties compounded the problem. An entire generation of students carried a more virulent form of intellectual class attitudes and cynicism about this society into a range of occupations outside the universities. The transformation of the New York Times illustrates what has happened to prestige journalism generally. A newspaper once called ""the good, gray lady"" is now suffused with Sixties attitudes, which are most explicit, of course, in its editorial and opinion pages, though they can be detected as well in its news pages. Similarly, Hollywood, which once celebrated traditional virtues, has become a propaganda machine for the political outlook and permissive morality of the Sixties generation. If the universities have become permanent enclaves of Sixties culture, and continue feeding converted students into such fields, this may be a permanent feature of our intellectual and artistic communities.   The idea of liberty has continuous change built into it, precisely because it is hostile to constraints. Men seek the removal of the constraint nearest them. But when that one falls, men are brought against the next constraint, which is now felt to be equally irksome. That is why the agenda of liberalism is in constant motion and liberals of different eras would hardly recognize one another as deserving the same label.   The idea of liberty has continuous change built into it, precisely because it is hostile to constraints. Men seek the removal of the constraint nearest them. But when that one falls, men are brought against the next constraint, which is now felt to be equally irksome. That is why the agenda of liberalism is in constant motion and liberals of different eras would hardly recognize one another as deserving the same label. Harry Truman would have hated the Sixties, and, because his liberalism contained more powerful constraints on individualism, he was not a liberal in the same sense that Bill Clinton is. The perpetual motion of liberalism was described by T. S. Eliot half a century ago: ""That Liberalism may be a tendency towards something very different from itself, is a possibility in its nature.... It is a movement not so much defined by its end, as by its starting point; away from, rather than towards something definite.""10 What liberalism has constantly moved away from are the constraints on personal liberty imposed by religion, morality, law, family, and community. Liberalism moves, therefore, toward radical individualism and the corruption of standards that movement entails. ""By destroying traditional social habits of the people, by dissolving their natural collective consciousness into individual constituents, by licensing the opinions of the most foolish, by substituting instruction for education, by encouraging cleverness rather than wisdom, the upstart rather than the qualified ... Liberalism can prepare the way for that which is its own negation: the artificial, mechanised or brutalised control which is a desperate remedy for its chaos.""   Radical egalitarianism cannot be implemented by individuals, families, or any group other than government. As government taxes more and subsidizes more, a greater portion of society's wealth passes through its hands. Individuals and families have less income to dispose of as they see fit, which is why Jouvenel said that ""redistribution is in effect far less a redistribution of free income from the richer to the poorer, as we imagined, than a redistribution of power from the individual to the State.""   Power in the ""new despotism"" will be gentle because government will try to protect its citizens from every occasion for suffering, physical or moral. Democratic man, thinking that others are like himself, identifies with anyone who suffers.30 This compassion born of the passion for equality leads to the power of claiming victim status. We have become what Charles J. Sykes called a nation of victims.31 The list of victim groups...minorities, women, homosexuals, the disabled, the obese, the young, the old...is virtually endless, including at one time everybody but ordinary white males. Now, however, there is even a men's movement claiming victim status. Putative victims stress their pain as a way of demanding special treatment from others, and they often get it. If there is power in claiming to feel pain as a victim, there is also power to be gained by the politician who assures us that ""I feel your pain.""   Weber remarked that when certain types of German intellectualism turned against religion, there occurred ""the rise of the economic, eschatological faith of socialism.""4 Not only communism but fascism and Naziism were faith systems of the Left, offering transcendental meaning to their adherents.   Television, not surprisingly, displays the same traits as the movies and music, though because it is viewed by families in the home, not to the same degree. Television viewing still resembles a bit the days when the family sat around the radio console, and that places a few restrictions on the medium. Still, things have changed here, too. Language is increasingly vulgar. A major study of changes in program content over the life of television finds, as might have been expected of a medium that has recently come under the influence of the Sixties generation, that ""[B]eginning from a relatively apolitical and traditional perspective on the social order, TV has meandered and lurched uncertainly along paths forged by the politics of the populist Left.""3 That has dictated changes in the way sex, social and cultural authority, and the personifications of good and evil are presented. Recreational sex, for example, is pervasive and is presented as acceptable about six times as often as it is rejected. Homosexuals and prostitutes are shown as social victims. Television takes a neutral attitude towards adultery, prostitution, and pornography. It ""warns against the dangers of imposing the majority's restrictive sexual morality on these practices. The villains in TV's moralist plays are not deviants and libertines but Puritans and prudes."" The moral relativism of the Sixties is now television's public morality.   There is no longer any doubt that communities with many single parents, whether because of divorce or out-of-wedlock births, display much higher rates of crime, drug use, school dropouts, voluntary unemployment, etc. Nor is there any doubt that the absence of a father is damaging not only to the unwed mother but to the prospects of the children. [T]he presence of a decent father helps a male child learn to control aggression; his absence impedes it.... When the mother in a mother-only family is also a teenager, or at least a teenager living in urban America, the consequences for the child are even grimmer. The most authoritative survey of what we know about the offspring of adolescent mothers concluded that the children suffer increasingly serious cognitive deficits and display a greater degree of hyperactivity, hostility, and poorly controlled aggression than is true of children born to older mothers of the same race, and this is especially true of the boys.   Gun control shifts the equation in favor of the criminal. Gun control proposals are nothing more than a modern liberal suggestion that government, which is unable to protect its citizens, make sure those citizens cannot defend themselves.   In thinking about abortion, it is necessary to address two questions. Is abortion always the killing of a human being? If it is, is that killing done simply for convenience? I think there can be no doubt that the answer to the first question is yes; and the answer to the second is almost always.   No amount of discussion, no citation of evidence, can alter the opinions of radical feminists about abortion. One evening I naively remarked in a talk that those who favor the right to abort would likely change their minds if they could be convinced that a human being was being killed. I was startled at the anger that statement provoked in several women present. One of them informed me in no uncertain terms that the issue had nothing to do with the humanity of the fetus but was entirely about the woman's freedom. It is here that radical egalitarianism reinforces radical individualism in supporting the abortion right. Justice Harry Blackmun, who wrote Roe and who never offered the slightest constitutional defense of it, simply remarked that the decision was a landmark on women's march to equality. Equality, in this view, means that if men do not bear children, women should not have to either. Abortion is seen as a way for women to escape the idea that biology is destiny, and from the tyranny of the family role.   As Judge John Noonan observed in a Ninth Circuit panel opinion subsequently overturned by the en banc court: ""Physician neutrality and patient autonomy, independent of their physician's advice, are largely myths. Most patients do what their doctors recommend. As an eminent commission concluded, 'Once the physician suggests suicide or euthanasia, some patients will feel that they have few, if any, alternatives but to accept the recommendation.""'21 This reality puts assisted suicide in a somewhat more sinister light, as it does euthanasia. Euthanasia, in which the doctor does the actual killing, is only a half step beyond assisted suicide. It is sure to arrive as accepted practice if assisted suicide is accepted. The courts that have found assisted suicide to be a right have not specified the safeguards that must be followed. We can see the difficulties that will attend any effort to provide safeguards by looking at the conditions required by Oregon's Death With Dignity Act, adopted in 1994. The patient must, for example, make three requests for assistance with suicide (the third one witnessed, transcribed, and signed), and two physicians must determine that the patient has six months or less to live. A physician may then prescribe a lethal dose of medication. This sounds simpler and safer than it will be. Determinations of life expectancy for the terminally ill can be very wrong. When my first wife was diagnosed with cancer, the doctor told me she would live only six months to two years. She lived nine and a half years, and those were good years, for her, for me, for our children, and for her friends. Mistakes of that nature, and some of that magnitude, are certain to be made under any assisted suicide regime.   Abortion has coarsened us. If it is permissible to kill the unborn human for convenience, it is surely permissible to kill those thought to be soon to die for the same reason. And it is inevitable that many who are not in danger of imminent death will be killed to relieve their families of burdens. Convenience is becoming the theme of our culture. Humans tend to be inconvenient at both ends of their lives.   Radical feminism is the most destructive and fanatical movement to come down to us from the Sixties. This is a revolutionary, not a reformist, movement, and it is meeting with considerable success. Totalitarian in spirit, it is deeply antagonistic to traditional Western culture and proposes the complete restructuring of society, morality, and human nature. Radical feminism is today's female counterpart of Sixties radicalism. The feminist program is in its main features the same as that of the disastrous Port Huron Statement,2 modified to accommodate the belief that the oppressors, the source of all evil, are men, the ""patriarchy"" rather than the ""Establishment."" All else remains the same. ""Feminism rode into our cultural life on the coattails of the New Left but by now it certainly deserves its own place in the halls of intellectual barbarisms.""   Even if this feminist contention were correct, its totalitarian implications are obvious. Culture is a stubborn opponent. To defeat it requires the coercion of humans. The Soviet Union attempted to create the New Soviet Man with gulags, psychiatric hospitals, and firing squads for seventy years and succeeded only in producing a more corrupt culture. The feminists are having a similarly corrupting effect on our culture with only the weapon of moral intimidation. The contention that underneath their cultural conditioning men and women are identical is absurd to anyone not blinded by ideological fantasy.   So alienating are the messages of the women's studies programs that Professor Sommers writes that she would like to see some of the more extreme institutions put warning labels on the first page of their bulletins: We will help your daughter discover the extent to which she has been in complicity with the patriarchy. We will encourage her to reconstruct herself through dialogue with us. She may become enraged and chronically offended. She will very likely reject the religious and moral codes you raised her with. She may well distance herself from family and friends. She may change her appearance, and even her sexual orientation. She may end up hating you (her father) and pitying you (her mother). After she has completed her reeducation with us, you will certainly be out tens of thousands of dollars and very possibly be out one daughter as well."
368a14e214dbd718727c1768ca213a9d	very non-critical	If you have a per day viking quota, such as myself, than keep this book close by. So fun and fast paced, the period description layered perfectly with the intense love stories.
9293a069032b6f305b69a1927a481642	neutral	I'm going to label this a history book as it does fall into the historical fiction category. My mom told me I needed to read this book. I ended up staying up very late last night to finish it. I really enjoyed it. I thought the characters were well developed and the plot had enough twists and turns to keep me interested. I'd like to see the movie if it is as tastefully done as the book. If you are into civil rights, 60s, the South or just history in general than you are going to enjoy this book.
c207da1bac28ba4aace30c48cd28bf16	neutral	mn arw3 ma ktb Ahmad morad bgd bndhsh mn 2drth 3la ts5er al7rof b7eth t5rg bshkl gmaly bhza alshkl
6333bb5859415f988680d422a2380e48	non-critical	This was a very unique book, written in a mix between narrative and little playlets. It's about Marie Antoinette's life, and it digs deeply into her as a person at the same time that it seems to skim the surface. As I was reading it, I didn't always understand what was going on at each moment, but the overall sense of what was happening was very strong. The whole was much more than the sum of the parts.
17675497d6c430204c9fdd89c78fdeb4	non-critical	Now I need a follow up for the second half of the company. Maybe just anecdotes from Phil Knight once he finally experienced what he would consider success (maybe).
045b4fce3257842588cd7489616ff06a	very non-critical	An interesting history of Superman with plenty to keep fans and non fans interested.
8c3d6cacf181491823993331301ee0f1	very non-critical	Read this stuck in an airport. There you go.
357c621c284d592c144410bd8e46710f	very non-critical	Documents Jack's efforts as a diplomat to pashas along the Ionian Sea.
c8a22cea5b8e9dba0a2afa90d53f3780	very non-critical	I'm in love with Alys!!! What a great female lead character!
6626f3d8b015a01633b874a7015a1d6b	critical	4 Stars for Finnula and Hugo   This book was wonderful.   For everyone asking what the book has to do with The Princess Diaries Series, it's the book Mia (the protagonist of 'The Princess Diaries') 'wrote' between the 9th and the 10th book of the series. Of course Meg Cabot is the real author here.   I normally don't read Historical Romances, but I really liked the short snippets of this story we got in Forever Princess and I thought that I should give it a go. I was not disappointed.   The novel sets in the Middle Ages and it was so authentic. The language, the names and the descriptions, just everything made me feel as if I really was in the Middle Ages with the characters. You can see that Meg put a lot of research into it.   Finnula is a very fierce young woman. Her hobby is hunting, she's brave, stubborn, outspoken and she prefers trousers over dresses. I really liked her, tho at times she was a little too stubborn.   Hugo is very handsome, cocky, arrogant and just as stubborn as Finnula. But he's also a pretty decent guy for a womanizer.   The romance between them both was very exciting. Tho it moved pretty fast, I never felt like it was unrealistic. We had so many tropes, but I loved them all. Being in love with each other, but not knowing that the other one loves them too, a shorter version of from enemies to lovers, bed sharing and fake marriage.   Unfortunately none of the side characters were developed as well as our two protagonist,which meant that I didn't really liked any of them, especially because the antagonists overshadowed the good/neutral characters.   Fun Fact: Finnula has a dog with the name 'Gros Louis' which is French for 'Fat Louie' (Princess Mia's cat).   I really enjoyed the first half of the book, since it mainly focuses on Hugo and Finnula alone and their romance. Yes, it was a bit predictable, but the romance was so swoonworthy that I didn't care. The second half of the book started out not bad, but still not as good as the first half. I was slightly disappointed. But luckily it got better as the story moved on. Meg reveals in the second half some secrets and more or less immediately creates more mysteries for us. I was on the edge of my seat trying to find out the truth. Of course I knew that Laroche was behind the whole plan of getting rid of Hugo and framing Finnula for it, but I was suspicious of everyone (except Finnula and Jamie of course) to be his secret ally. I only knew that it was Peter after he hurt Jamie.   Overall the book was a great read and I'm glad that I picked the book up.
f4252862c9bcd05af899d0fb7c4fd9e6	very non-critical	Mari's Fault: http://www.bookwormwithaview.com/2011...
3d5c03f8f734a9e9cdcae0b2d02c69a1	neutral	This is an amazing woman's story about being a war/conflict zone photographer and how this passion has lead her on some amazing journeys, scary kidnappings, and precious moments with other people, all while telling the world through images the lives that are affected by conflict and war in some of the most dangerous places. I would highly recommend this book to anyone. The beautiful collection of her photos scattered throughout the book also enhance her writing in such a tremendous way.
b8ab0ebda002425c7cde9bc42ebd848e	neutral	Turk dil reformunu boyle guzel ve olabildigince az etimolojiye girererk anlatan bir kitap az bulunur. Cok ilginc.
152b2e94334d70214acf9c741e24318c	critical	"Some silliness but nicely done.   I try to avoid abridged books. But I was in the mood for a good narrator, and chose this book solely because it was done by Richard Armitage. I loved how seductive he was in the book Venetia. Unfortunately Sylvester did not have any sensual or seductive scenes, but I still enjoyed the narration.   As to the story, I was surprised, delighted, and smiled many times. It reminded me sadly of how not enough of todays' authors can do what Heyer does. She draws and shows her characters so full and interesting.   To create conflict authors sometimes have characters do things that go against a character's normal motivation. That's tricky. If not well done it's annoying. Heyer does it well. Here are examples of Heyer doing unexpected things and justifying it.   When Sylvester first met Phoebe he was rude. He found Phoebe plain looking and dull. The dullness was because she was accompanied by her difficult stepmother. Phoebe's unbecoming clothes were also due to the stepmother. Months later Phoebe's stepmother told her that Sylvester was coming to their home to offer marriage for her. Phoebe's reaction was to run off and stay elsewhere to avoid this. Sylvester had no intention of offering marriage. The stepmother was wrong. But when Sylvester heard that Phoebe ran off rather than be with him, he decided he wanted vengeance because his self esteem was injured. So he decides to make Phoebe desire him, and then he will reject her.   Later when Sylvester sees Phoebe so forlorn about something yet trying to put on a brave smile, Sylvester did something nice for her. He did it ""on impulse"" which didn't fit his vengeance motivation of the moment. But I bought it because he was reacting to the emotion on her face - like seeing a hurt puppy.   Sylvester knew that Phoebe's grandmother would not welcome Phoebe. When Phoebe asked Sylvester if the grandmother would welcome her, he said yes. Sylvester was being ornery to both Phoebe and the grandmother. He enjoyed the idea of annoying the grandmother. Actually it was a surprise later when the grandmother welcomed Phoebe, because the grandmother had been bored recently.   So you have orneriness and surprising interactions. It was fun rather than slapstickish.   Why not 5 stars?   I wanted more romance at the end - more showing how their feelings developed. But I never get enough of that from Heyer. Also, this was abridged. It's maybe a third the length of a regular novel.   DATA:   Narrative mode: 3rd person. Unabridged audiobook reading time: 4 hrs and 51 mins. Swearing language: mild and rarely done. Sexual content: none. Setting: probably early 1800s England with a little France. Book copyright: 1957. Genre: historical romance."
c574494d0118e4150861f76e963a3386	neutral	I am astonished that this book has not been optioned for a film as this 1890s western (based on a true story) has a great many of parallels to the modern class struggle. Here a man dabbling in politics on behalf of poor sharecroppers is shot and his cousin declares war on the nearest towns. As injustices and killings escalate, only the local sheriff stands in the way of anarchy. I read the last third of the book in one sitting. As a writer, I am easily jaded, but this book is a gem.
b062cc27f9fe7b98fcfb234bc7c09498	critical	"If you think you're overheated some sultry day this summer, imagine how muggy it was in the sweltering tenements of New York City in the early 1900s, where immigrants toiled to establish stable lives in America, most without the benefit of air conditioning, freezers or even ice cream.   In her first novel, Susan Jane Gilman has richly imagined this classic setting, depicting its hardships as the crucible that formed a singular personality: the Russian Jewish immigrant Malka Treynovsky, who reinvents herself as Lillian Dunkle, the scrappy ""Ice Cream Queen of America.""   Although this is Gilman's fiction debut, she knows how to tell a sweeping story, having published three best-selling nonfiction books. The subject of one of them, 2001's Kiss My Tiara: How To Rule the World as A Smart-Mouth Goddess, seems to have inspired the personality of Lillian Dunkle.   Lillian narrates her tale looking back when she's in her 80s. Her amusing voice is replete with folksy phrases such as ""so sue me"" that serve her well as the pitchwoman for her company. She expresses blunt views and justifies callous ways reminiscent of real estate maven Leona Helmsley, the tax-evading 1980s ""Queen of Mean"" who left millions to her dog. Lillian refers to us, her audience, as ""darlings,"" and the narration has a confiding air, even though we soon learn that Lillian is far from a reliable judge of her own character and situation.   In 1913, when Malka is about 6, her mother sews the family's savings into the lining of her coat before their journey out of Russia, instructing her to yell if anyone tries to take it. ""With a face like yours, no one may ever marry you,"" the mother says. ""But at least you can put that big mouth to some use.""   Malka's father is a shyster who persuades her to help trick her mother into catching the boat to America instead of South Africa, where they had intended to join her brother, and then abruptly leaves her and their four daughters.   ""In all those ridiculous fairy tales about immigrant life, poor-but-happy families pull together to launch a rag business -- that turns into a tailor's shop -- that turns into Ralph Lauren,"" the octogenarian Lillian observes. ""Please. You half expect butterflies to be fluttering, elves whistling on the fire escapes, and everyone to burst into song. I have no use for that sort of nonsense. On the Lower East Side, families shattered like glass bottles. Men up and left all the time.""   Malka's desperately poor mother tells her, ""Anyone who doesn't earn doesn't eat,"" so she heads out with her sister to beg pennies for singing and chores. Her fate is decided when Salvatore Dinello, a vendor of Italian ices, accidentally runs her down with his horse cart. When he learns that Malka's mother has refused to take her back from the hospital because she's now ""a cripple,"" Dinello brings Malka to live with his voluble Italian family, where she begins to learn the ice cream trade and develops into a shrewder businessperson than any of the Dinellos ever were.   Moving back and forth between the 1980s, when Lillian is on trial for tax evasion, and the decades before that, Gilman concocts a rich confection. She weaves facts from the history of ice cream into her fictional story, such as how one ice cream maker came up with the bright idea to serve ice cream soft instead of hard, from a fixed-location store rather than a roving truck, after one hot day when his truck broke down, and how during World War II the U.S. Navy built a barge solely devoted to manufacturing and distributing ice cream to service members.   This entertaining novel underscores how the whole debate about whether female novelists and their female characters face a greater burden to be ""likable,"" sparked by the novels and thoughts of Claire Messud, Meg Wolitzer and others last year, is beside the point. Lillian Dunkle is sometimes sympathetic, sometimes reprehensible, but always fascinating. And that, darlings, is all that matters in telling a good story.   Jenny Shank's first novel, The Ringer, won the High Plains Book Award.   Published: Dallas Morning News, 28 June 2014 01:38 PM   http://www.dallasnews.com/entertainme..."
406b5edbfc3f163067ffb7f2b7467d87	non-critical	Poseur is kind of a fun book (and it briefly mentions the amazing film Leon, the Professional, far out!), not to mention its photographically-poetic style of describing New York's scenery and sights. But it seemed very short, almost like something was missing, and the writing in and of itself seemed a little crass.
55b18de007eb807a1c97dd1c58e319a8	critical	W.E.B.Griffin is one of my favorite military history novelists. In this work, he's accompanied by William E. Butterworth IV.   Much of Griffin's best work is behind him but I did find this book enjoyable.   Germany has placed two two-men teams in America to disrupt American life. They plant explosives in railroad stations, blow up electrical power stations and are able to select other targets.   The OSS is still a young organization under Wild Bill Donovan. They are fresh off the success of rescuing an important scientist from under the German rule.   One aspect of the story that I liked was the cavalier attitude of many young OSS officers and their disdain for old fashioned military ideas.   This is a complex book and a compelling read. I also found it interesting to learn of the OSS working with Mafia leaders such as Lucky Luciano in order to establish resistance in Sicily where a military operation was planned.
71ab0a714682a6807d6661322b034e11	very non-critical	"Meta is a sassy, head-strong woman, ""I do not doubt you, but I do not need a kiss, thank you."" She struggled to make her laughter sound carefree, but she knew she treaded on dangerous ground. ""Do you always express your happiness by kissing the nearest female?"" George isn't as stuck up as I thought he was, he doesn't have any game per say but he's a passionate man, ""Madam, if we were not in company, I would... kiss you right now."" He chuckled. ""Perhaps more. I expect that you understand my meaning?"" He gazed at her with fierce appreciation."" I enjoyed this book."
4a957d5df7bc5f0cf5964ce1e12445bb	critical	Newton on the Christian Life is one of many books in Crossway's Theologians on the Christian Life series. This may just be my favorite so far. And I wasn't exactly expecting it to be my new favorite-favorite book. To be honest, I'd never read anything about John Newton before. But my friend's review of Newton on the Christian Life convinced me that I NEEDED to read this one. I am so glad I did. This may just be my best read of the year--at least so far. It was all kinds of wonderful. It has depth and substance in abundance. Each chapter was positively RICH in truth. In part, I believe this was because Reinke quoted generously from Newton himself. (Most of the quotes come from Newton's letters.) He did a great job at summarizing as well and including his own insights. (Particularly he showed how Newton is still relevant.)   Who should read Newton on the Christian Life?   New believers   Old believers   Mature believers   Immature believers   Essentially any believer who reads. Yes, I know that not every single believer is an active reader. Some may not have time to read. Some may lack inclination to read. But some books are just TOO AMAZING to miss. Some books are worth gushing about.   Every step along the path of life is a battle for the Christian to keep two eyes on Christ...I find that to keep my eye simply upon Christ, as my peace, and my life, is by far the hardest part of my calling...I approach the throne of grace encumbered with a thousand distractions of thought, each of which seem to engage more of my attention than the business I have in hand. ~ John Newton
c743cc2c3652859b872fa74f598c4ee9	critical	More like a 3.5. I rounded up because I feel that I might have enjoyed this more if I had read the print version instead of listening to it on audio...wasn't a huge fan of the narrator.   Parts of this memoir dragged, but there were so many parts that struck a chord with me. Didion's writing is exquisite and clear, and I respect and appreciate her willingness to share this traumatic time in her life with readers. I think what she has to say about grief and the process of mourning (which, as she mentions, are two separate things) is incredibly important, and makes this book one that might comfort those suffering loss.   Although this wasn't my favorite memoir, I do plan on reading more of Didion's writing - in particular her work that is being published this year.
9c1bed7febf15b77ffc1615fc39ef12a	critical	Dante is often quoted (I paraphrase) as finding heaven the hardest to write of all the sections of his Divine Comedy. I wonder if the writer Talbot had similar difficulties on certain sections of this exuberant popular history of one of my favorite cities, San Francisco during the sixties and seventies. His writing about the utopian early hippie days and an attempt at redemption in an effective stint at mayor by Diane Feinstein and a good 49ers season (I did find the section on the city's response to the AIDs epidemic inspiring compared to the cold shoulder New York gave in the same era.), are overshadowed by the middle section. This section is the inferno. Talbot calls it Terror. Here is a city at war with itself in the dread seventies. Hard drugs take over the Haight, the Altamont disaster spoils the mood and the revolutionary movements move towards rage. These changes happened all over the country in the Nixon years but San Franscisco seemed to be hit the worse, the Red Queen section of the wonderland replete with death cults, violent revolutionaries, mad bombers, and assassinations. Talbot's portrayal of S.L.A., the People's Temple, and the Zebra murders are chilling and compulsory reading, but thankfully also nuanced and fresh takes on these horrific events.
320872da108ad762e92793e68da09f77	very non-critical	Not an easy book to read, but well worth the effort!
fea4f2e63e73bfc1e182c6e4737c385e	non-critical	One of the best complete bios of Walt. The good, the bad and the genius. It is a must read for all who want to try to understand this amazing man just a bit.
8bd162838711c97fc5d60ac02670805b	neutral	This is a really interesting behind the scenes look at the White House as a residence and the families that have lived there. There were plenty of humorous antedotes as well as heartbreaking stories that brought a level of realism to people usually found in the history books. I was surprised at the changes to my thoughts about certain persons, most in a positive way, but also a few disappointments.
92eafdfdc3ac3fb35c362233784d8877	non-critical	An enjoyable read for Francophiles. But even for me, having lived in Paris for a year and knowing its streets well, it was a little too narrow a view of Paris. I mean, I love the rue des Martyrs, but an entire book about it gets a little much. Still, I'd probably take the book along on my next trip to Paris and do a whole day just enjoying her insights on the street.
3a771d99fffdb3896c3a3751229e62fb	non-critical	This caught me completely off guard. It was funny, serious, self deprecating, and very honest. I hope he writes another book.
8b89825bf0acb71ac1b3cf52532f55a4	very non-critical	Perfect escapist reading for the summer!
1893d8480b3e3dd7e933e1f173ffc929	non-critical	While I'm reading this book, I often forget that all of these things actually happened. Its about struggle, love for your family, love and respect for your religion, but its also about a kid growing up and trying to make the best of his life. Even though the book is written from Frankie's perspective, as the title suggests, the book speaks volumes about the hardness of Angela's life. The deaths, the hunger, her attempt at keeping her diginty. I highly recommend this book.
5111d9b01f10fbc33a459afdd7de52df	very non-critical	Just finished this and all I can say is...wow!
6081edac2ff1ee4c1125be2e5f2b79d0	very critical	"This is so powerful. It doesn't take many pages to become an abolitionist.   I started reading this years ago, and picked it up now and read it to the end. I'm not sure if I read all of it the first time.   It is so interesting to see how this ties in to current psychological research. It is the setting and the circumstances that sometimes create and sometimes enable appalling behaviour - see the Lucifer effect or Zimbardo's research (Stanford prison experiment, Heroic Imagination Project). Slavery, with its absolute power that corrupts absolutely, the lack of accountability and the utter disregard for humanity is made so clear in this narrative.   The hypocrisy of the ""Christians"" that condoned this institution is appalling and so clear.   I feel very much like I need to re-evaluate current events in light of this. These people were not all monsters just because the took part in and condoned these atrocities. Maybe they would have realized what errors they were making if they had read this book?   To realise and accept another person's humanity, communication is essential. By keeping people ignorant and not allowing them education, we can keep them from challenging our worldview. We can prohibit them from becoming human in our eyes. This is the reason why it is so important to read text written by the people it is supposed to be about. Heart of Darkness is powerful in its own right - so is The Help (I've only seen the movie!)- but it still does not let the people themselves speak. The white gaze lets us stay at a comfortable distance, when what we need is discomfort."
5609462bfb56ae8544a70c34c0687213	non-critical	This book has a few slow moments and it takes a time to get used to the flow of this book since it changes point of view with out warning. I expected just a little more from the ending. With all that said I really did enjoy this book and found it hard to put down towards the end.
3fc89c5535304f8317a8e0af99c603d9	non-critical	I don't know what everyone sees in this book...to me it was absolute torture. And I am a hopeless romantic but I just did not enjoy this story.
bcbc93ef9c5513d82541d898918c9c02	critical	Whether you are a Tori Spelling fan or not, this is a great memoir. The book fills in where her reality show left off in an honest and entertaining way. I couldn't put it down once I started it, at times moved to tears, and then bursting into laughter. I love how Tori shows the importance of visualizing what you want, rather than focusing on your worst fears, and the importance of having spiritual mentors in our lives, as Tori does in Patsy, and her Reiki healer. The book has all the elements of a transformational story -- the series of difficult events that create growth and help us embrace our authentic self when everything else has been stripped away.
9435a9f4cc31c46a408d5a41ad118a95	critical	I love the Middle Ages, this takes place right before the Conquest--about 1000.
4efea8ce94f665b78eefe008dec9cc3b	very non-critical	Simply brilliant! A must read for people aged 9-90!
cb73a5224458dff2851ee4b4a9f57258	non-critical	Of all the Hathaway siblings, Beatrix was the book I most anticipated because of her eccentric, unconventional nature and her love for saving wounded animals. Christopher, while at war, thought he was corresponding by letter with Prudence. He feel in love with her words and was determined to return home and find her. It turned out that Prudence wasn't who he thought she was and slowly he discovered who the true author of the letter's was. Beatrix wasn't the kind of women he thought he would end up with but he fell in love with her and she helped him recover from his war wounds, emotionally. I loved Albert and these two together and I am so sad to see the series come to an end. I would love to see spin off of Aubrey and Mark.
35adc3f95c3708998581656f9e447f22	neutral	Kun tartuin tahan kirjaan, en todellakaan osannut odottaa, mita sain. Echo on palkittu romaani, jossa usean ihmisen elamat kietoutuvat silkkilangan tavoin toisiinsa. Lisaksi mukana on hiven maagista realismia.   Kirjan aloittaa tarina Otto-pojasta, joka oli ostanut erikoisen kirjan. Otto lukee kirjasta tarinaa kuninkaasta, joka lahettaa vastasyntyneet tyttonsa metsaan noidan luo, koska ennustuksen mukaan kuninkaan esikoisen tulee olla poika, tai kuningas menettaa valtaistuimensa. Otto on leikin tiimoilta mennyt metsaan piiloon lukemaan. Mutta metsa on jotenkin muuttunut, eika Otto enaa loydakaan kotiin. Metsassa Otto tapaa kolme tyttoa. Tytot on sidottu loitsulla metsaan ja he ehdottavat, etta Otto auttaisi heita paasemaan irti tasta taiasta. Otolla oli huuliharppu, jota soittamalla tytot auttavat Oton pois metsasta. Samaisen huuliharpun on tarkoitus myohemmin auttaa tyttoja taian raukeamisessa.   Ja tasta kirja oikeastaan vasta alkaakin.   Friedrich on 30-luvun Saksassa asuva lapsi, jolla on valtava, puolet kasvosta peittava syntymamerkki. Friedrichia syrjitaan ja kiusataan taman takia. Hitler on juuri paassyt valtaan ja kansallissosialismi hiipii pikkuhiljaa ihmisten arkeen. Tilanne Friedrichin kohdalla menee niin pahaksi, etta hanen isansa ottaa pojan pois koulusta ja saa hanet toihin paikalliselle huuliharpputehtaalle, jossa isakin tyoskentelee. Friedrich kuulee musiikkia ja osoittautuu lahjakkaaksi musiikin saralla. Friedrichin isa on muusikko ja soittaa kotiinsa kokoontuvassa orkesterissa, jossa soittaa myos juutalaisia. Mutta ajat muuttuvat ja kylan juutalaiset saavat vaistya. Isaa syytetaan juutalaisten suosimisesta. Lohtua elaman kovuuteen Friedrich saa huuliharpputehtaalta saamastaan huuliharpusta, jota soittamalla Friedrich tuntee kuulevansa koko elaman.   Frankie ja Mike ovat orvot veljekset 30-luvun Yhdysvalloissa. Pojat ovat musiikillisesti lahjakkaita, joten viimeisena tekonaan poikien isoaiti jarjesti pojat orpokotiin, jossa on piano. Lisaksi pojille luvattiin, etta heita ei adoptoidessa eroteta toisistaan. Todellisuus onkin aivan toisenlaista ja orpokodin johtajatar on itsekas ja saita. Han ei valita poikien soitosta tai siita, etta pojat paatyisivat samaan kotiin. Vanhempi veljes Mike miettiikin, etta han voisi lahtea kokeilemaan onneaan suureen huuliharppuorkesteriin, johon etsitaan lahjakkaita soittajia myos orpolapsista.   Ivy on pieni tytto, jonka isa tyoskentelee kausityontekijana maataloudessa. Tasta johtuen he muuttavat usein, eika Ivylla ole juurikaan ystavia. Ivy oli saanut koulustaan huuliharpun ja han oli oppinut soittamaan sita niin hyvin, etta hanet oli valittu soittamaan solistina koulun orkesterin radioesiintymisessa. Valitettavasti Ivyn isa saa hyvan tyotarjouksen ja he lahtevat paikkakunnalta ennen kuin Ivy ehtii esiintya. He muuttavat japanilaisen perheen omistamalle tilalle. Ivyn isan on tarkoitus pitaa huolta maatilasta, kun perhe on keskitysleirilla sodan takia.   Ja naiden kaikkien ihmisten tarinat nivoutuvat yhteen yhden huuliharpun avulla.   Tama romaani on aivan jotain muuta. Tama oli yhta aikaa runollinen, karu, elamanmakuinen, toiveikas, pienimuotoisuudessaan suuri luettava (ei viittaa sivumaaraan, 585 s.). Vaikka en aluksi oikein tykastynyt tahan, niin lopulta kirja oli suorastaan ahmittava loppuun. Musiikki oli kirjan kantava voima ja kohtalot yhteensitova asia. Tarina viipyilee mielessa viela pitkaan kirjan loputtua. Tata suosittelen lampimasti nuorille, jotka ovat valmiita astumaan aikuisten kirjallisuuden kynnykselle ja kokemaan romaanin, joka ei juurikaan muistuta tavallista nuortenkirjaa. Todella hieno lukukokemus.
532ba566cfaa6e5ac759b5a29f007594	non-critical	Not one of my favorites. It had its moment, but it's not one of Sylvia Day's I'll read multiple times. It's kind of forgettable, which is unlike her other stories I adore.   Oh well... I'm still I read it. I did like how independent, intelligent and socially awkward she was, and Jasper was okay, but there wasn't anything about him that really stood out to me. He was tasty enough, but I wanted more from his character.
e3e1e9f4205061bd6eda128ef86fa6a7	neutral	Grace Thatcher is the granddaughter of Eugene Durham, the Seventh Duke of Salisbury. She is also the daughter of a useless gambler who doesn't know how to care about anyone but himself. Grace's grandfather has passed away and her father is now trying to marry her off to a rich man to pay his gambling debts. But Grace has no interest in being married. She is trying to stall until the inheritance from her grandfather (that her father knows nothing about) comes through so she can take care of her younger brother and sister. With the help of her servants Miranda and Harrison, she has done a great job being turned away from each of her suitors... until she meets Nicholas Sutherland, the Earl of Berkely - a man not even on her father's list.   Nicholas wasn't always a tyrant. But when he lost his best friend and sister, Elizabeth, three years ago he became obsessed with revenge, a man who lived for little more than destroying his former brother-in-law, Samuel Preston. Until Grace shows up and turns his life upside down.   I don't think this story is a retelling of Beauty and the Beast, but there are definitely some of the same elements in the story. Once I got into the story, I did not want to put it down! I love how kind and gentle Samuel Preston is, and I loved watching Nicholas learn how to live again. Grace was such a likable heroine, kind and tough at the same time, and so unselfish! I was glad to read that this author is planning more books in this series because I definitely want to read more!   Content: Very clean   Source: Review copy (review is 100% my own opinion)
9ada508bd47f28aeda348e6d4415b5da	critical	An interesting book in some ways, but didn't really address risk as much as the historical development of probability and statistics. I was looking for some treatment of risk assessment and mitigation. Overall a disappointment.
e96cc434fe8acae4b1cc491eb2958804	very critical	Check out this review and more at Such a Novel Idea   I received a copy of this book in exchange for an honest opinion. This did not affect my review in any way.   Actual rating: 4.5 stars   HOLY SMOKES GUYS, THIS BOOK!   I pretty much feel my entire review could be in caps, because I want you to understand the epicness that is Blackhearts.   The book is told from two perspectives. One is Anne, a girl who lost her family and is broke and forced to work for a man named Drummond. She's biracial and faces scrutiny in her daily life for being darker skinned than most, but mostly wants to leave England and find her mother's home in Curacao.   Our second perspective is that of Edward 'Teach' Drummond. If you haven't figured it out yet, this book is a retelling of the infamous blood-thirsty pirate, Blackbeard. And Teach will one day become Blackbeard. So our author has plucked this villain out of folklore and given him a complex and interesting backstory -- basically she humanized him.   This story was such an interesting adventure right from the very beginning. Anne is dealing with her mixed heritage and being a maid when she never grew up this way, dreaming of leaving but never really knowing how to do so. And Teach is returning to home, engaged to a woman he doesn't love and land that he doesn't really want to be on. He wants to sail the seas, even if he's been gone a year.   I loved this story, because we're dealing with a lot of historical fiction. I used to think I didn't like historical fiction, but after a few English Lit classes, and reading a few books, I have come to love the genre. I love watching Anne, a girl who because of her father was in the upper class, even though at the time she would have been treated so badly. But then, when she is thrust into the lower dregs of society, she suddenly has to learn to deal with all this.   I definitely loved Anne's perspective more; I just really got her and felt a connection with her. But Teach, oh man, Teach was a great POV. He's wanting something he can't have and is trying to buck the system -- to get his freedom from society's constraints. I am always down for a story like that. And he's definitely someone to swoon over.   Speaking of swoon, don't expect any instaloves here. This is going to be a slow, delicate process. You'll ache in your heart, but it is completely worth it. There is so much taboo about their relationship in this day and age, and it just felt completely authentic to see them fall for each other. You definitely will NOT be disappointed. These two definitely had chemistry!   I must warn you... this book isn't slated as a stand alone, but it does end right out there on that cliff. I think I actually screamed NO! when I realized I was coming up on the end. I hope the more people read and fall in love with this one, the more likely it is we will get more from Anne, Teach, and this world out at sea.
d0dc11bb00a2d76b28575dae19d47df7	very critical	"Victorian romances defying social customs are very cute. To be honest though it's pretty unrealistic just how many Victorian romances happened through defying social customs because the number of those ladies sort of defies the idea of those social customs as being customs done by the majority of society (since the majority of society seems too busy defying said ""customs"" in the name of love - I'M MAKING NO SENSE SORRY.)"
a5bdd4cf5121002021d52fe08eaaf98c	neutral	thank you to the publisher for a copy of this book via NetGalley in exchange for an honest review.   The concept of the plot was pretty interesting. Unfortunately I couldn't get past the writing. Some of the reactions that Nora has are odd like how she tried to put her mother's brains back in her head? Also the writing seemed a bit juvenile in the description of things. Like when she compared the brains to worms, that part seemed a bit much. I couldn't really connect with Nora either, she is very underdeveloped for a main character.   I give it two stars because it has potential but seriously needs to be edited. I just don't see how anyone would be allowed to stay in the middle of a crime scene like that or a cop sharing wine with a witness on a murder case? I understand it's fiction but please make it believable.
49ccb8d6b7fb53c772ef712dd9e85fdf	non-critical	Darcy and Elizabeth both write love letters to each other, that are unintentionally sent, while Darcy is in London, chaos ensues.   I loved the different pov's, the internal monologues suited each character and gave more of an insight into their characters. This is a fun, quick read with low angst.   Price: freebie   #COYER
5970ac8cf17935ec20b0a6b9b6649913	neutral	"b ynkhh khtbyh khh twsh jll z symyn Twry Hrf myznh khh khb mn Hqyqt khwshm nmyd, hrchnd khh mydwnm bhm mrbwT nyst w rwbT shkhSy shwnh bhrHl:)), w Hty z khyntsh bhsh mygh khh bz z yn hm khwshm nmyd, wly khb fSl akhr rw ykhbr mwq` khwndn khwd khtb khwndm, w z wn mwq` dwbr dygh hm khwndhmsh, w bz hm mykhwnm...   shyd bshh gft z bhtryn fSl pyny hyy h khh t bh Hl dydhm.   ""w mrwz mn an adm btrm khh ps z mrgm hych tnbndhy r bj nkhwhm gdhsht t dr bnd jdd w snt w gdhshth bshd w bry frr z Gm ayndh bh yn hych gstrdh' shm pnh bywrd. pnh bywrd bh yn gdhshtgn w yn bdyt dr hych w yn snt dr khkh khh twyy w pdrm w hmh' jdd w hmh' trykh . mn gr bdny chqdr khwshHlm khh akhryn sng mzr drgdhshtgn khwyshm. mn gr shdh dr ykhj w bh ndzh' ykh tn tnh nqTh' khtm sntm. nfs nfy ayndh y hstm khh byd dr bnd yn gdhshth my mnd."""
29ff9366ea3100b710e595d181cddbf2	neutral	"""Happiness is a choice."" Faced with an ultimatum from her father, Abigail McCallister went to town to get married. Her father had said that if she didn't find a husband within a week she would be shipped off to her aunt in Denver. The thought of leaving her home, the SilverHawk Ranch, and leaving everything she'd known and loved behind was unacceptable. Desperate times spawn desperate actions; she would put herself on the auction block and take what she was offered. Unbeknownst to her there were strangers in town and her life would take a sudden shape she'd never dreamed of. Cole Redbourne and his oldest brother Raine were driving horses from their ranch in Kansas to a buyer in Colorado. Marriage was the last thing on Cole's mind when he and his brother came into Silver Falls but when this strange, whimsical yet also proud and strong girl laid herself bare on the steps of the church and offered herself to anyone willing to marry her, he couldn't resist. Being part of a large family (Raft, Levi, William, Raine, Ethan and Taggert...seven boys in all and a younger sister, Hannah [one has to scourer the entire book to discover the names of his siblings]) he had always been surrounded by people who loved and protected him. His actions were spontaneous and not well thought out. He too didn't know what his impromptu decision would lead to. This story could have flowed from the pens of the masters; Max Brand, Zane Grey or Louis L'Amour. These greats have stood alone for decades upon an acme seldom reached or yet to be past by others that have tried. Kelli Ann Morgan has done the unthinkable and written a story that is equal or better than those western-writing icons of the past."
94ee09a91281c1fc565b06e150155a9b	neutral	Drugs: No   Sex: No   Violence: Yes but not graphic   Language: Very little   Oh my beautiful! This is a wonderful tribute to all who suffered under Stalin's cleanse of the Baltic's. The character development is sublime and beautifully emphasises the atrocity of Soviet crimes during the 1940's. I would love to teach this book in a yearly rotation with The Diary of Anne Frank. This is a must read for all students ages 15 and up. I would not recommend to readers younger than 15 because of the heavy content. This would be an excellent recommendation when combined with The Devil's Arithmetic or Code Name Verity.
5e3c656b2c7508a9dff9f143c5146d73	very non-critical	A little long and a little slow in places, but overall a superb book.
46a2a488c6c1ea9e21e21e3208b7b99f	non-critical	"FTC Disclaimer: I received an ARC from the publisher via TLC Book Tours in exchange for a fair and honest review. Opinions expressed are mine.   ***   ""But my biggest concern returning home was the proximity I would now have with my mother. We had never been close and were reliably caught up in a classic mother-daughter dynamic: whatever she said I took the wrong way. Every comment she made felt like a referendum on my life. (page 46, beginning of third paragraph)   ...   Would there ever come a time when I wouldn't feel judged? Did everything have to come under scrutiny? My homemaking? My work? She wants to know why I work so hard. She doesn't think I should work so hard. Do I really need to work this hard? she asks in an accusatory tone, as if I'm creating work for myself. The judgements implicit: first and foremost, if I'm working so hard, how could I be spending enough time with my daughter? Equally important: I shouldn't have to work. In the rubric of my mother's life, the man is supposed to be the provider."" (page 47, first full paragraph)   [Quote checked for accuracy with Penny Makras of HarperCollins]   My Take   Written with charm, humor, and honesty, Betsy Lerner has brought to life the women of the 1950s-albeit our mothers. That is if you are of a certain age.   My mother never played bridge but was part of a foursome who lunched, shopped, and walked together. As a daughter caught in a similar maelstrom as Betsy, I often wondered why these three women appeared to be my mother's best friends and enjoyed it!   The secret to The Bridge Ladies and their 50 years of success around the card table lies in their ability not to tell all. A typical characteristic of those returning from World War II and beginning new lives in the 1950s, secrets were kept and were kept close to the heart. Not everything was up for consumption by others' ears.   In spending time not only with her mother but also the other bridge ladies, and even learning to play herself, Betsy Lerner begins to unravel the answers to many questions about her childhood and her relationship with her mother. Keeping secrets is permissible to a limit, but in the long run, as in Betsy's case, knowing the answers to mysterious happenings as a child would have brought the chance to empathize and extend compassion to her mother.   Read the rest at my blog, Puddletown Reviews."
42553e69d50c16c3a122cc1fa8298a3a	very non-critical	Check out my review of this brilliant book at http://adam-p-reviews.blogspot.co.uk/...
522651bc42784771ae1a4d4e33a2f8d0	non-critical	Very interesting, but didn't need to be 700 pages
e5f199a0ae7a1e36ebedf123c66fe76a	neutral	"This book, which I read when I was about twelve or thirteen, is the book that started my lifelong love of historical fiction.   The story of Stephanie, a young girl whose life suddenly changes as she finds she's a ""poor relative"" of someone very powerful, and goes to live at the court of the Emperor Napoleon and Empress Josephine, really resonated with my pre-teen self. I loved the setting, and the way the book brought to life the court and the people of Napoleon's reign.   I loved the way Stephanie, dazzled of course by the opulent settings, finds herself swept up in court life. Young and romantic, she has some hard lessons to learn about life and love.   This book opened up new worlds for me.After reading it, I devoured all the rest of Gladys Malvern's books--or at least all that I could find.   Although I loved her historical novels best,as a young girl, I thought they were all wonderful. Maybe because this was the first book I ever really loved, and didn't want to end, ""Stephanie"" will always hold a special place in my heart. I'd love to re-read it today."
7ef10554709ca8dc3df7abee0c543f7b	very non-critical	Good old amnesia, when you can't think of anything else to keep a plot going amnesia is a sure fire way of kick starting things back up again.   If anything the amnesia plot line serves to demonstrate the sheer number of ridiculous things that have happened in the novels! The novel starts off in a scene not all too dissimilar to the opening scene of Inception, a mysterious man on a beach rescued by the Japanese locals. He discovers that he himself knows only English and Chinese and has somehow lost the last 8 years of memory.   It's a bittersweet path and one thoroughly interesting as we compare the Lawrence of old to the Lawrence of new, strange to think the things that we take for granted to be habits built up by memory.   Of course there's entirely too much for one novel, and while personal development takes up a good third of the storyline, there's still the war to remember and we're left with a good old fashioned cliffhanger.
792380b75960163e0f1d29eaf33ce4b2	very non-critical	I was drawn to this book by the utterly gorgeous cover and also by a Good Reads recommendation which said it was like other authors I'd enjoyed like Kate Morton and Kimberley Freeman. It's always a risk and an adventure trying out a new author, and I'm really glad I took the jump. Susanna Kearsley's writing is just gorgeous - very sensuous and vivid - and the storyline is intriguing. The heroine Nicola has the psychic gifts of seeing 'flashes' of an object's past when she lays her hands on it. Although she works in antiques and art, she tries to keep her gift hidden from the world. Until she touches a simple, wood-carved firebird ... and finds herself on a quest to discover its story. The Firebird combines contemporary and historical narratives, romance, suspense, and a a twist of the supernatural into a delicate, wise tale. I believe the book is part of a connected series and so I look forward to discovering her other books.
3fbc1997b0b6d0d5eb3d22787492d7b1	neutral	I know that autobiographies are not everyone's thing, but if you are all interested in musical theatre or 'Rent' (and if you're not then you shouldn't be on this page) then this book is for you. This book is written by the amazing Anthony Rapp and details his life in the theatre, specifically the production of 'Rent.' This book is very well written and gives lots of interesting facts relating to his life and the production, from starting acting, the casting of the show, to actual performances. I have to warn you, that there were some parts that made me teary, but this book is definitely worth the read.
936d3a27932648da8c2737314d021be7	neutral	When I started this novel, I wasn't sure I could get into it due to the dialect and the pacing, but the emotions of the characters shone through to me until I couldn't put it down. The multifacetedness of all the relationships really struck my heart, and I loved Walker's handling of deep abstract topics such as love, God, and spirituality in a framework that was very true to her characters' lives.
0929fa9714377e47b589e6e74024e49f	very critical	"Catherine and Charles were married for 21 years and during that time they had 10 children, he became quite successful and she enjoyed looking after home and hearth. They seemed the perfect couple, happy, affluent, social - then, almost in a blink of an eye, he moved out of their shared bedroom, very publicly announced that she was an uninterested wife and unfit mother and consequently they were separating.   Oh, their last name? Dickens.   While Charles Dickens aired his grievances and separation in the public forum, which as a famous and popular author at the time he almost owned, Catherine was relegated to a small home and bound by legalities to not utter a single word against Charles. Her voice was literally cut off if she ever wanted any hope of seeing her children again. In this book Ms. Datta finally gives Catherine her voice and a platform to tell her side of the story.   Catherine tells the reader of her and Charles' love story when they were courting, the lengthy letters they exchanged when they were apart and the life they shared as their family and circumstance increased. She tells us of her surprise and shock when Charles literally cast her aside (in favor of a younger woman) and her embarrassment at his making it such a public spectacle. The reader grieves with Catherine as she is forcibly kept apart from her children and at the hurt she experiences when her own sister sides with Charles.   Although the information about Catherine and Charles' life and separation is historical fact, since Catherine never spoke publicly the recollections, conversations with friends and private feelings all come from Ms. Datta's imagination and very skillful story telling skills. There was never a moment, while reading this book of historical fiction, in which I had any doubts that this was exactly what Catherine must have been feeling. It is exactly what I would have been feeling.   Not only does Ms. Datta give Catherine a beautiful voice but also she makes her very real to the reader and, she gives her reader a very well written, well researched account of what life was like in the late 19th century for women. They were most certainly considered the chattel of their husbands and/or fathers with no rights when it came to money, custody of their children, maintaining their homes or any other details of every day life.   While reading this book I alternated between being very angry and very, very sad - a testament to Ms. Datta's skills to be able to provoke those emotions. The book ends (no spoiler alert necessary here) with Catherine finally getting her side of the story out to public when with, quite literally, her dying breath she requested her personal letters from Charles Dickens be donated to the British Museum so ""that the world may know he loved me once"".   This is a well written book and I would recommend this book to fans of historical fiction, the Dicken's era or anyone interested in Charles and Catherine Dickens. Well-done Ms. Batta!   *I received this book at no charge from the author in exchange for an honest review*   I also apologize to Ms. Datta for taking so long to read and review this book. I am certainly sorry it took me so long to get to it ... it was a wonderful story."
fe4c3c3bafafe06ac0b9f85eb2dbe841	very critical	"Read more: http://www.sarcasmandlemons.com/2012/...   I swear, someday Thirteen Reasons Why by Jay Asher will stop coming up in reviews. Probably when I stop reading books about mental illness. So, never. Anyhoo. Girl, Interrupted is where all those hard-hitting teen issues books began. It's not necessarily for teens, but older teens especially will find it accessible. Written in out-of-order vignettes about Susanna's day-to-day life in the hospital, and her final release, it breathes the material it seeks to describe. Like the author's mental state at the time, this book is fragmented. It's full of missing time and unconnected pieces. The language is at times chillingly beautiful, at times blunt and raw. I'll admit--I didn't even glance at the author's name when I opened it, so I didn't realize until the end the hugely important autobiographical nature of it. And I liked that. Because it allowed me to read it as a story, and then to re-experience it in a sudden rush as reality. It makes you think a lot about where reality ends and story begins, and it inspired me to write again. I hope it inspires you.   plot . 5/5   If you have a hard time following stories that aren't in chronological order, this one will drive you crazy. Ha. Ha. Okay, I'm sorry, that was terrible. Seriously, though, it confuses and annoys at some points, because it makes it hard to follow a linear narrative. But you enjoy it, because you realize that that's the point. Story isn't linear! Minds aren't linear! Susanna's life is anything but linear. She forms connections in impressions, not in time points that happen one after one. It becomes a sort of diary-like series of random events, a collage of vignettes that ends in one final, beautiful impression. What struck me most was how little was described about treatment, or ""being crazy."" It was daily life. It was being bored. It was philosophy. It was avoiding nurses. It was the sanity that people don't see because they're focused on the diagnosis. Loved it.   concept . 5/5   It's a brave and wonderful thing to write a book like this. People will revile you for it, or love you, and you can't tell which off the bat. It's also something that somehow feels timeless. It's very embedded in the 60s, but we know it's old-fashioned. We know it's this author's past. Somehow, I don't know how, but somehow it makes it feel like it could exist in any time and any place. The idea of just focusing on hospital years isn't new--Kesey did it, etc.--but the way it's structured with the non-linear narrative makes it a perfect representation of mental illness about mental illness. Form fits function.   characters . 5/5   These are all real people. Even the ones you hear little about feel like fully-fledged humans. You don't get nearly all of their stories, but you feel like you know these girls. They're clever. They're funny. They're irritating and moronic in the most interesting of ways. Susanna herself is often a quiet observer, adding little to the action, but you come to know her through every word. Her voice takes over. I really wanted to know these girls--even the ones who scared me.   style . 5/5   A painting in words. Seriously. It's not flowery or overly ornate at all. It's just beautiful. Susanna sees the world in such a different way. Her worldview takes over everything she talks about and makes even the most commonplace activities new. I read the last page almost ten times, the last two paragraphs, because they were so perfect. Every word exactly where it needed to be. A collage of images. I could gush about this forever. It was just beautiful. Atmospheric. Dark. Humorous. Amazing.   mechanics . 5/5   The inclusion of scanned medical documents was a great touch. It makes you realize how differently these papers and the doctors see Susanna's world, compared to how she sees it.   take home message   A must-read for anyone interested in mental health, or the human condition. A beautiful example of prose."
26653360d8d7324033504f6b97f97e2f	neutral	This book was a mess: story lines all over the place, grammatical errors, too many characters to keep track of and thinly drawn at that, historical events/people talked about but never fleshed out so the reader could understand why the events were even brought up, etc. etc. I threw it across the room when done! (Figuratively speaking of course - it is a library book after all...) I wonder sometimes whether authors think because they are just writing a young adult novel they can get lazy about good writing. I won't recommend this to anyone. And what's with the date errors in all the goodreads reviews? It's set in 1794!
36ea32408a4378b22ab575a791511fb3	non-critical	"Couldn't put it down. It reads like fiction because it is so difficult to fathom that any real person could be this ""quirky"". Picked it up at the local wholesale club while waiting at the deli and couldn't stand to wait a couple weeks from the library. Love the style in which the author wrote it, section by time by location with different stories separated, with co-writer input on things he had insight as a relative."
4b2c781df850590d476a26a27e7b5bd2	neutral	It was cute. The family was Hathaway-esque, but the writing reminded me more of Julia Quinn.   There were some laugh out loud moments (the chapter with the foot race). But it did drag in some parts.
0472665e71a58f8875d3dca77a05297e	neutral	This was much, much FUNNIER than I expected! And much more subdued and realistic as a romance than expected, too. My main problem was that, until she fell pregnant, I didn't realise the marriage-of-convenience couple had been sleeping together at all! I feel like, even granting this isn't a book where racy sex scenes are in order, *some* sense of the marriage-bed would've added a lot. Even at the end - say, an indication that kissing his wife might be fun as well as courteous?
a05038c037f9005a0579db4ebed2cad3	non-critical	4.5 stars   This was a great surprise! It is a great book! Loved the h and the H. I loved the whole premise in the blurb, but the actual book made me so happy! We have a real beta hero with a really deep and strong h. Just loved the mix, and in a historical romance too! Will re-read it again! What a great story! The 4.5 stars is the rating because the first 70% of the book are 5 stars, the next 28% are 3-4 stars, and the end is 5 stars again! I believe this is a must-read book in this genre.   All in all, I am so happy I have read this book, and I am so happy it exists. :)
efd31995370952c67b33f70c316608b2	critical	I normally don't read a lot of romance novels, but I have recently been stretching my reading horizons. This book is really quite enjoyable. It doesn't have the cliche bodice ripping, eye-rolling issues that I was afraid it would have. Instead, I found truly complex and interesting characters struggling with things that we all have to deal with in romantic relationships. The narrator was a little distracting at times, but still brought the story to life.   I missed the first few books, so I was a bit lost at times, but the story still stands pretty well on its own. There is enough back story that I didn't feel like I didn't understand anything. I do think I missed out on some character development in the first books that would have made the characters seem more well rounded and explain some of their choices better. Overall this was a very entertaining read, and I'm looking forward to the next in the series.   I received a free copy of this audiobook at my request and have voluntarily left my honest review. The free copy did not influence my review in any way.
a9eff1541d60a11bde78ae3beceada25	critical	Not bad at all! The author details the difficult, tedious work of Madame Tussaud with ease and clarity. It's evident how carefully she tries to tiptoe through the events of the French Revolution. The book leaves you with a new and different appreciation for Marie Antoinette's court, and a desire to know more about how Parisians during this difficult time period actually lived.
88a90566de00ec791ee9763807b89e9e	very non-critical	Classic Art.
d76e6c559b051393e16974a39df359c3	neutral	Absolutely fantastic history writing -- on par with A People's History of the United States.   Tamim Ansary is a treasure of the literary world.   His voice is thoughtful, witty, respectful, and informed.   Be sure to check out the audiobook version. Unlike most fantastic authors (looking at you, Christopher Hitchens), he's a phenomenal reader, too.
887641d7247559b66bb5c472f8c6036d	non-critical	Fascinating book! Some of my favorite themes included the exploration of the characters' morality and temptations; the gray areas between pure and unclean; and the status of women and their relationship to the main male protagonist. Thanks for the recommendation, Meghan!
3ab43e90f9c5a758bdec0149a655c5ac	very non-critical	Solid 4.5 stars and I really did love it once I got past the first couple chapters. The narrator was fabulous and I think that added to why I enjoyed it so much! Kudos!!!
1b36893e1c6bb272337b5ead20ad60b3	non-critical	I wasn't sure what to think of this book before I started reading it. It's another book that I found on my shelves from a few years ago, and I had heard mixed reviews of it, but once I finished it, I really liked it. Is it worth a reread? Probably not, but it was a pleasant and lighthearted read, which was a surprise considering that the author's husband left her for a man in the same week that she was in a bad car accident, so with that knowledge, you would think that this book would be a bit of a downer, but it really wasn't. It's really good if you have any knowledge at all of Mennonites, or even just religion in general.
64281a93fd8bde0ecc946b3abc8de682	very critical	I am always fascinated by novels that are based on actual events/characters found in our world's history, and this book was no exception. This story of a woman who exemplified more strength than an army was awe inspiring. There are many remarkable women that have left footprints in our history, but after reading the story of Mary Bowser's role in the American Civil war, I am floored that I've never heard her name before. I am grateful for Lois Leveen's ambition to research and share the story of Mary Bowser with readers across the world. The stories of slavery and war are sad and tragic, but the progression of change and success found in this book compensate for the reminder of our country's flawed history.This would be an excellent book for a book club to read and a reader's guide is included with the book.
a1e926206be11554b0facc8ea2d222be	non-critical	Fun little novella, I recommend it. But, it is basically three very short chapters with the hero and heroine having a misunderstanding. I can't really say anything since it would give away what little plot there is, but I will say that it was up to Ms. White's standard. But I do think Fairchild's Lady was better as far as short stories go.   G A few swears, nothing else.
4eb0d4a9447a6fb93947c47239b3cc4c	neutral	Fascinating story no doubt enhanced from my experience growing up in CT near NYC. Impeccably researched by Caro.
effa836be4dfe7d0135137a0bfca0f30	very critical	I had mixed feelings about this book. For starters, I felt like I was reading two different books. The first half really focuses on the rebuilding of San Francisco and the history of the 1906 earthquake and its aftermath. There were great social issues raised and I found myself wanting to research the subject to learn more.   The second half of the book was more or less a romance novel (minus all the steamy scenes). The switch was a bit jarring for me, to be completely honest, and while I loved the first half, I was not as crazy about the second half, maybe because I didn't start reading the book thinking that's what I was going to get.   My other problem with the book was that there were a lot of errors within the narrative. I'm not referring to historical errors (I am not familiar enough with the subject to judge this), but rather inconstancies within the actual telling of the story. I found this to be a bit irksome and it pulled me out of the story. There were also a few parts where a line from several pages back was repeated verbatim. This seemed like sloppy editing to me.   Despite my issues with the book, I did, overall, enjoy it. It wasn't my favorite historical fiction novel, but it wasn't my least favorite. The characters were likable enough. The motives driving the plot were believable enough. In short, everything was good enough.
0248d2e7a0f1552fab98a4d1c684ca65	very critical	This really is a great biography. I received it as a gift in the 5th grade and have read it many times since then. Ripken was a man of amazing integrity, which is refreshing in today's generation of doped up ballplayers. The book also gives a large look at how the baseball farm system is ran.   I wouldn't necessarily recommend it to anyone, but if you are a baseball fan or want to read a biography of a very honorable man, pick this book up.
838d940a08b0aba05de079f2c813bf75	non-critical	Full Review: http://antorjatikbangali.wordpress.co...   The Treasure Of Kafur is the second novel of Aroon Raman is placed in the Mughal Period in India, the late 1500s, when Akbar was in power. Clearly, after the riveting debut with The Shadow Throne, this was a book to watch out for. Although the book's ending was quite an anti-climax to the build up through the pages, it was not a bad read.
5ad82ce7a98d3ad71ed1d951e0ca5a59	non-critical	A lot like Victoria Thompsons work. Same period in New York City. Well born matron makes good by helping the less fortunate. Way more too it than that. I liked the protagonist, a writer for Harpers. KB
e3347ce45cae1ea55e898cf2fdcf591e	neutral	"""Supreme excellence consists of breaking the enemy's resistance without fighting.""   ""Treat your men as you would your own beloved sons. And they will follow you into the deepest valley.""   ""To win one hundred victories in one hundred battles is not the acme of skill. To subdue the enemy without fighting is the acme of skill""   Simply, such book should be taught in classrooms."
99924af2fd6b2617ecb950e53d93bdf5	non-critical	Not the most eloquently written novel, but certainly action-filled and charming and even fun. I doubt I would have ever gotten around to it if it hadn't been a pick in the Classics group. Enjoyed the experience.
67d491d795489b982397463c786f8d64	very critical	"Written in early 1776, this pamphlet played a not-small role in influencing Americans to support the revolution. It was really well written and made a number of really good points. He presciently noted that now was the time for revolution precisely because the country was young - it didn't have enough time yet to break into the inevitable factions that exist today. ""Wherefore, the present time is the true time to establish it."" This seems to me the most important of his arguments - he noted that for posterity's sake the nation needed to undertake this effort, and our country is what it is because of this. He also noted that the skirmishes that had already taken place and were to continue to take place would not be worth the loss of life if it only achieved better tax treatment - the only just cause to fight a war for was complete independence. Paine derided the monarchy, and made numerous excellent arguments. Of course, he named this pamphlet Common Sense, and as such he made a few arguments as being common sense without the need to thoroughly argue the point, but time has ultimately proven his overall point as correct and right. Interesting short read, well worth it - four stars."
4360db2ec57b9cd37c5d62e8546bcdb5	very non-critical	3.5 stars
ec84419ddbd5975f69756e6f664f042b	very non-critical	"Beautiful story about a resilient woman and her difficult life. Ties in with the Andrew Wyeth painting ""Christina's World"""
0d38478a3e630792b80d46b70516d37e	very non-critical	wow
c4dc3c151c9b8b1bb7e88e66b5318afe	non-critical	Quick read. Enjoyed learning about Charles Dickens' personal life.
870fc02bec0dd4b71b7da2a2bbcbcc3e	very non-critical	"4.5)A NECESSARY DECEPTION by Laurie Alice Eakes is an exciting historical romance set in 1812 Devonshire,England. Book 1 in ""The Daughters of Bainbride House"". This is the story of a young widow Lady Lydia Gale and a French prisoner Christophe Arnaud. It has danger,mystery,suspense,faith,love,misunderstanding,traitor,treason,romance,betrayal,spies,family,healing,intrigue,balls,masquarades, and love.It has strong characters with twists and turns. While, Lady Gale and Christophe,not only are fighting their attraction to each other,keep Lady Gales' two younger sister's virture intact,they must also find a traitor and stay alive.This is a fast paced story full of action and intrigue. A must read for any historical romance,inspirational, and Regency romance readers. I can hardly wait for the next installment to see how the ""Daughters of Bainbridge House"" will find their happiness,keep their independence,and find the grooms of their future. ""A Necessary Deception"" is a necessary deception to keep England safe and find a traitor. Received for review from the publisher. Details can be found at Revell,a division of Baker Publishing Group and My Book Addiction Reveiws."
e6825f77fc4ae149c920364c8abf8cd9	very critical	It wasn't a bad book but a little long winded in the daughter chapters. It certainly was spot on in historical facts and really does give you an insight into why and how Korea's people/country got segregated in half. After reading this book i now have a new found respect for Korea as a country and its people. (not that i disrespected them before but i really knew nothing about it until now)   It was quite graphic in some parts, and i did shed a tear or two in hearing how horrific the Japanese treated them during the invasion.   i thought the book was also very well written and had a nice flow.
c74f98e928d7008b4df41113889d514c	very non-critical	AMAZING. Every human should be made to read this.
9bc57a1ecb1780d6473b67119d927cf7	very non-critical	This was a bit melodramatic, but it held all of our interests in Book Club. I'd definitely recommend it to others though. I learned a lot about American History and life in the South!
0ac0a41f796755336797c8fda6d0f424	critical	I've read a few Delderfield works at this point in life. To Serve Them All My Days, the God is an Englishman trilogy, Napoleon's Marshalls. But it has been a few years.   I don't remember if those works had two annoying things I found in this work that I wish to mention and then move on. Long Paragraphs, sometimes 3 pages long. This is hard on the eyes. And something the writer can't address any longer. The other was that a paragraph would start with dialogue from one speaker and end with dialogue from another. Please, break up the dialogue with paragraphs. (Perhaps if ever released again an editor would do their job and edit the work.)   Now to the meat of it. The story is good. The character development is good though sometimes a little to pat. We need a character as a plot device and so we have that trait emerge. We see the world of Pre Great War England and the skirmishing of Tory (Conservative) and Unionist (Labour)   We see the treatment of Suffragettes. The change of Motor and Phone beginning just as we saw Trains in God is an Englishman. Sometimes we spend unnecessary pages having the same rundown of what is happening to many characters in the book that we had a chapter before. Delderfield uses devices such as a gull flying in search of food all throughout the valley so we can see what each character is up to every few years and realize that we have read that a few dozen pages before.   So why read this book. One would think it is dated in the 21st century, but it addresses a time a century ago, and one that the writer is familiar enough with to give us a good insight into. One that has things we should take a peak at.   It is a historical, and certainly in some of the characterizations we see an older, male hand trying to write the mind of a teenager, which does not work (Delderfields worldly wise Grace is too worldly wise and her adult assumptions should be changed for simpler emotional and youthful ones IMO.) But as mentioned, worth a read, and perhaps one day worth a reread immediately following a reread of God is an Englishman.
9b664ee2c8d368a423427b1b2439bdce	very critical	This is gem of a book. I think the concept of these concise books is pretty radical in the current age of clicking and swiping where attention spans are pretty low.   The author has presented the facts very clearly indeed. I have come out very informed, Castro was never a fan of the Communists, he was pushed into a corner by repeated attempts by US to kill him, forcing him eventually to pick sides. His only agenda has remained non-alignment which he has struggled to maintain as was demonstrated when the Soviets starting using Cuba as a missile base. Cuba's predicament seems very similar to Afghanistan in many ways.   Unfortunately the old adage of might is always right comes out strong in this book, USA when trying to get around the tiny obstacle of conducting an illegal war against Cuba found a neat way to address their blockade or possible invasion of Cuba. they just re-branded it to a quarantine!
9582bacd698fadf72044041c9e463440	non-critical	I can finally say I've read this book. I had heard so much about it. I can't say that I'm a Gabriel Garci Marquez fan after having read this and One Hundred Years of Solitude. This was better-I understood the story and enjoyed the last few chapters. Other than that, not much to offer. I really don't understand what all the hype is about!
f8bd39ca45ccf7a82e083fd9c8c13e6d	very critical	The Bible is the most important book in the history of Western Civilization.It is the most extensively purchased,read and deeply revered book and ,as Bart. Ehrman puts it, also the most misunderstood book in history!Having come from an evangelical Christian background himself, the author takes a very sympathetic approach towards unraveling his thesis of the Bible and makes it clear from the very start that this book is not some ground breaking attempt to unravel the many contradictions in the Bible, but rather the views he presents are views that are held by many scholars and taught by many universities and seminaries.The book takes a historical-critical approach towards the Bible,addressing some key issues, like who were the actual authors of the Bible, what the original writings meant,the possible causes for the irreconcilable differences and internal contradictions that exist in the books and many more similar questions. In this book he puts to test long held traditional Christian doctrines such as divinity of Christ or of the Trinity which are not present in the earliest traditions but were rather a later development of the second or third century.   A further reality is that all the Gospels were written anonymously and not by eyewitnesses who were contemporary to the events narrated in the New Testament.We do not have the originals of any of the writings of the new Testament.The books that make up the New Testament today, were accounts written thirty five to sixty four years after the ministry of Jesus, by people who didn't know him or ever saw him, but rather got their information from the oral stories that were circulating at that time.Most of the accounts were even forged to provide authority for one's own views.The gospels were not a divine revelation or at least the divine word of God that once was in the gospels, is lost today.The books that make up the new Testament today are rather a very human endeavor influenced by a series of historical, cultural, political and social factors that over time, through the additions by later scribes and editors, gave shape to the Bible that we are familiar with.There were also many other gospels in circulation during the early Christian era, claiming to be authored by the apostles of Jesus, but only a few of them made it into the canon, through a long process of debates and conflicts over which book ought ought be included.Different competing Christian groups espoused different theological views which were at complete odds against each other over some of the basic fundamental issues.But the winners write history and only those books which favored the orthodox Christian belief ended up winning.   For those people who believe the Bible to be completely without error, reading this book will help them in understanding the scriptures in a new light.This book gives a great overview of how the Christian religion emerged out of long periods of struggles, conflicts and heated debates over conflicting doctrines and perspectives ,ultimately giving rise to the greatest invention in human history!
d6060c4dbd0197fa00f19e06625d74de	very non-critical	One of those books I started and then had to finish in one day.
6bebb8d0d5ca6aa1c1236bdeeae830f1	non-critical	** spoiler alert **   That was not the ending I was expecting...   After watching the musketeers come out victorious again and again and again in previous; it was almost jarring to see them fail. And even more so to watch these men - who so often seemed invincible - die. But I do understand why Dumas wrote it that way. By the end of this book it was a new world (as evidenced by the fact that Aramis' plan did NOT succeed). There was simply no place for our Musketeers anymore.   It's horribly sad but really good.   What an ending!   I needed to edit this to add something. I see that a lot of people who read this book and didn't like it make a comment about having not read the other books. You HAVE to read the other books FIRST! This is the FIFTH book in a series. Of course you're going to feel a bit lost if you only decide to skip straight to the end.
af660e853feae7cec8d4232a81d32a8f	non-critical	"Whoa. This book, by far, is my favorite of the series. OMG, Dora! My heart broke for her. She was stuck in a chair and feeling awful, and it didn't help that her parents were utter assholes!   She was sweet, caring, vulnerable--and she met the perfect gentleman in Allon Banks, the war vet, who was a little broken himself. Awww, that man can melt diamonds with his sweet nature and love poetry. HE QUOTES LOVE POEMS to Dora! SWOON! The attraction between then can be felt off the pages, and the ""sexual"" tension is there without all the sexiness. Don't know what I mean? Pick it up and read it.   I loved seeing all my DBB ladies again--and their husbands.   I HATED the Mosier parents. From Tilly and Gaston's books, I knew they weren't good people, but Miss Winchester stepped up the evil in this book. Holy Moley, those two deserve every drop of scorn they get for what they did. And when Allon shut them up...MY GAWT that was awesome!   The epilogue gives a taste of what's to come in the next book, and I assume it has something to do with dear Becky Castle, her missing journals, and a certain wayward La Fontaine.   SQUEE! Great book! I cannot wait for the next one!   -AH"
0ab79ebdd1af5b0d5cc8eaa040a82f3d	very non-critical	Write a review...
8979e9bf9a89564f30e71fc896ea396f	very non-critical	epub.bookfi.org
fb5b7080cde979c36406163ce4e9c56f	neutral	This wonderful novel centers on a new angle on the holocaust in that it is set in a detention camp for illegal immigrants in Palestine in the chaotic early post-WWII days of 1945. Based on an actual event, the story centers on several of the detainees, gives insight into what they endured through the war and their means of survival only to find themselves behind barbed wire. Again. The personalities are well defined and the stories harrowing. Recommended.
0650692f47384bdca79d2cc5da57f921	non-critical	This is a great book for history buffs but I simply DON'T have the time to finish reading it at the moment. I'll get there one day when my plans of writing a novel set during this time actually come into fruition.
44a674747301ead21ce3bc8cb8c3a88e	non-critical	I liked the setup, but was very disappointed with the second half of the book, where on of the characters turns into the worst kind of stereotype.
a23aff4627216562e93a6fdf04901c24	neutral	I'd give this 3.5 stars if I could. This was a good read: very funny in some parts and a good insight into what it takes to make it as a woman in television comedy. It was pretty light, though, which is why I didn't rate it higher. All in all, a good, fun, quick read by one of the funniest, smartest people working in comedy today.
89378710f53dd705c6b87ebe93671915	non-critical	I am very sad to say I will not be finishing this one either. I had read The Liar's Club and just was not into it. I have Cherry on my TBR list but I don't think I am even going to try it. Maybe I just don't get here. I can see where she would be a loved writer. It's just not for me :(
9e418a2c98c22b2457e13468f9937d8b	neutral	lsysy ykhTb fy lns mSlHhm .n jy'zth hy lHSwb `l~ ltSfyq ..wthmnh hw 'n ykhsr l'`trf .   rjl ldwl@ : ykhTb fy lns Dmy'rhm . n jy'zth hy lkhlwd.. wthmnh hw l`dhb , snwt mn l`dhb .   lmfkr : ykhTb fy lns `qwlhm . ljy'z@ hy l'Htrm .. wlkhsr@ hy 'n y`ysh dy'man fqyran .   wlGny@ 'yDa : tkhTb fy lns Gry'zhm . ', jy'zth hy lHSwl `l~ lthrw@ , wthmnh hw 'n tfqd l'Htrm .
7ea5ff06904fff895af6ce0e02a949ce	neutral	My overall experience is positive. I will only mention one negative point: the amount of information is overwhelming and sometimes it is difficult to follow. Otherwise the author has successfully reached the goal described in the introduction.
b1cb80f36d1b7cd9ab8964250ca8b66f	neutral	I hate to say it, but I didn't like this book. I started out with such high hopes: I love Zelda Fitzgerald and I was excited to read a book about her! But the Zelda I knew and loved was not in this book. My Zelda was fiery, charming, tempestuous, spoiled, and selfish. She was mentally ill and her highs were higher than anyone elses'. She was the epitome of The Flapper. This Zelda was a pale imitation of the original, a namby-pamby sentimental girl that the real Zelda would've eaten for breakfast! This Zelda was maternal (I always thought of her as someone who loved her daughter, but only wanted her around when it was convenient), soft, and only rejected Fitzgerald's proposal of marriage because she worried he would never fulfill his potential (my understanding of it was that she was young, enjoyed the attention of all her suitors, and wanted someone with better prospects than this upstart Yank). The crazier things she did - throwing herself down a flight of stairs when Scott flirted outrageously with Isadora Duncan, handing her panties to an author as a going away present - seem like something done by an alternate personality, not just someone with alleged Bipolar Disorder. I was disappointed - I wanted my crazy, demanding, Valentine of a Zelda, not this whitewashed version. For all her flaws, Zelda Sayre Fitzgerald was a complete original, a fabulous woman with a tragic ending, a Flapper who lived better and worse than anyone else, and that is the woman I wanted to read about.
dd519ff6751731bdcd7b1b6046e401db	very critical	This book is a solid biography of Cleopatra, appreciating her cleverness and ability as a politician, and examining how the world at the time reacted to her. It's perhaps a little drier than people would hope -- how could you make Cleopatra so academic, when she's such a colourful figure? Well, I don't mind that at all, and I enjoyed the way it contextualised her achievements and dissected the myths surrounding her. It delves into the background of her rule and her city, as well, giving a picture of Egypt under the Ptolemies.   I've enjoyed other books by Tyldesley before, and though it's not one of my areas of expertise, I have found her books well-written, referenced and clear. That's more than I can say for some other Egyptologists who write for the pop-history crowd. Other than that, I don't have much basis to make a judgement, but I found this one enjoyable.   Originally posted here.
f862d8cf94f3e48b2cafdf7577a0dfdd	very non-critical	Such a fun book! Highly recommend the audio version!
0a4be032ce48cebf1ce349b8572ca5ee	critical	"Really interesting (true) story about feminist sisters who were prominent in the abolition movement. Although they were very (in)famous in their day, they are relatively unknown now, unfortunately. In the Author's Note she attributes this to the view that ""women's achievements have been repeatedly erased through history"" - which I agree with...   As far as the fictionalized side of the novel - I wish Sarah and Handful's relationship was a little more well developed."
6afdca68b9e966b15aacd65e17a4859c	very non-critical	We can know only that we know nothing. And that is the highest degree of human wisdom.   -----   Nothing is so necessary for a young man as the company of intelligent women.
5aef05c44e42a4a72db67efdafd1e7f4	very critical	Trudging down the road of lost footsteps again........ a very complex road no doubt but touche to Myint-U for his effort in his attempt to tell us the story of his motherland. Bordered by two mighty empires in the north-east and north-west, impressive array of kingdoms in the east and sea routes of pirates, ancient mariners and foreign naval powers along the south, I can appreciate the violence that have pervaded this country that we have come to know as Myanmar today.   This is my first reading of Burmese history. Whilst it was Aung San Suu Kyi who provided the interest, now, barely half the book covered I realise how miniscule she is compared to those who have come to build Ava or even Mandalay or those who have impacted the direction (right or wrong) of Myanmar since then.   I laude the author's ability to describe the most sensitive of issues in a soft factual manner....almost bringing me to tears.   I was specially intrigued by the summary on Yunnan in South China from it's medieval to the Qing period as there lay some of the reasons for the diaspora of it's people into SEA....   I now understand much of what I have heard of the treatment meted out by the colonial power. I now understand how classes of people can be put into oblivion.   I understand how difficult it is to unite many, many different ethnic and sub-ethnic groups some of which have grown to find trust wanting.   With the collapse of their traditional order when Tibaw departed, socialism leaving the country in tatters and decades of isolation, the road to democracy is deemed to take a long time. ........   I realise how lucky we are in Malaysia ............ We should not take peace for granted.   Overall it is a very good read.
5d58eeae01ab9904a12bf6ae2914a711	non-critical	The issue I had with this book was not actually the authors fault but mine. I found that this book is suited to the teen market, and as I am 33 the book didnt hold my interest. I enjoy my historical fiction to be more in depth and longer. I will keep this book so my daughter can read it when she is in her teens (i hope that it will entice her to become interest in history).
c408446b44355dfe8684abcf81b4e8fc	very non-critical	I love this series...........Set in England during WWI and the years after. Masie is a character.
ec2b1699c1cf835ae312730f25efa1d0	critical	This is a highly readable and well-researched exploration of the first 1,000 years of the Roman Empire. I particularly liked the examination of the lives of ordinary citizens in addition to the lives of the elite.   I recommend this book to anyone who wants to know more about the rise of the Roman Empire.
07af47a458d8e30c785ea914d8141671	very critical	"Moths hurled themselves at the bulbs as she worked, but she paid no mind. For the first time in a long time, all else was eclipsed by a purer sense of purpose and the image that was emerging on the old wooden board. It was a view from the bottom of the orchard, in exaggerated colours, the finca behind it, its peeled red paintwork on every window. It had its feet in the earth, but the sky above was enormous and swirling, with a hint of angelic, silver-grey. [...] It had a new form of surreality Olive had never executed before. For all its grounded colours on the fields - ochres and grasshopper-greens, the folkloric tenderness of russet furrows and mustard browns - there was something otherworldly about the scene. [...] Olive fell asleep beside it at four in the morning. The next day, she stood before the painting as the sun cracked low along the sky beyond her window. She never knew she was capable of such work. She had made, for the first time, a picture of such movement and excess and fecundity that she felt almost shocked. It was a stubborn ideal; a paradise on earth, and the irony was it had only come form this place, this lonely part of Spain.""   I liked this book - it was mostly an enjoyable read - but there were a lot of inconsistencies and sore thumbs in it as well. I'll start with the good: Jessie Burton's writing style. Her prose is beautiful (as one can tell from the passage above), and I found the dual narrative to be quite successful. In a lot of books one narrative becomes favourable and more engaging than the other, but I enjoyed both, though for different reasons. Olive and Theresa's narrative in 1936 Spain had the gorgeous setting and fascinating backdrop (one of my favourite 20th century historical topics is the Spanish Civil War), and this is where Burton's writing style and prose flourished. However, I thought all the characters were annoying and I often questioned how convincing their motives were, particularly in Olive's case. Odelle's story in 1960s London was wonderful because of her as a character: I thought she was well-fleshed out, her interactions with other characters made her likeable, and she's the sort of narrator with a unique but rounded and convincing perspective.   On the other hand, certain aspects of this book were clumsily executed or questionable. I found the whole concept of ""women can't paint or contribute to the art world"" to be a bit too redundant - it felt like the idea of this and its injustice was something that Burton was constantly trying to hammer into the reader. Subtle would have been better. Because of her father's opinion, Olive chooses to conceal her identity as an artist, but her reasoning was not convincing enough. I don't know, maybe it's just me, but in regards to this point, I found the whole dynamic and reasoning between Olive, Isaac, and the other more minor characters to be implausible. I ended up growing irritated because I kept just thinking, ""why?""   It seems since the success of The Goldfinch, books about paintings and the art world have been all the rage. I have to confess, after The Muse, I'm definitely done with the topic for a long while."
fb09a7a1c685f88d2dfcaa64dcb72b6b	non-critical	read a long time ago, liked it, didn't love it
76d39ee89ebfd1de757d446e4b0e86ea	neutral	Ocean's eleven versione 0.5!   Allora, innanzi tutto Edward Pierce e un personaggio fighissimo: intelligente, scaltro e soprattutto un passo avanti a tutti!! :D   La narrazione di Crichton poi.. Sublime! La storia si compone pian piano su diversi piani temporali: il 'dopo', il processo, il 'prima', un interessantissimo excursus sugli usi e costumi del tempo (il funzionamento della ferrovia, i mestieri diffusi, la prigione.. TANTA ROBA!!) che si mescola perfettamente al 'durante', la grande rapina al treno e permette al lettore di comprendere tutti gli intricati passaggi che portano al successo di Edward Pierce ed essere al cento per cento presente sulla scena!   PAradossalmente, all'inizio non ho condiviso la scelta narrativa di Crichton, trovandola troppo dispersiva e poco focalizzata sul colpaccio.. Poi pero quando tutti i pezzi tornano al loro posto e il lettore viene fatto ricredere, l'ho invece trovata un punto di forza del romanzo :D   Assolutamente consigliato!
c8fa2b6e950a6e5cca34447f8eab5ec4	neutral	WALK THROUGH DARKNESS is a chilling account of slavery in the ante-bellum south. William is a slave who is about to become a father. His woman, Dover, is taken away by her white mistress. But William cannot take life without her, or their child, and so he decides to follow her north. What follows is an incredible tale of courage and determination, mixed in with greed, cruelty and sordidness. Through it all, William never falters, and I loved the plot twist at the end of the novel.   If you are interested in what it felt like to be a slave, you should read this book. David Anthony Durham writes in a way that engages your senses, and makes you see the multiple viewpoints on both sides of the color divide. I highly recommend this novel. Five stars.
b1af97e591fa05ecf1216109d9684bab	neutral	I'd like to know Hild and spend Saturday mornings with her. She is observant, sees the larger patterns of life, understands people, and is so crazy wise that people assume she is haetges (a witch). If you can get past the Anglish, British, and Irish names and language--and you should just allow them to wash over you so you absorb them (and use the glossary)--you will fall in love. Hild takes some work, but you will be sorry when the book ends. On the other hand, you will be happy to learn that Griffith is working on a second volume of St. Hilda's life.
d9dd0fce5ca52d58f7f9672fa2740208	very non-critical	A novel in verse, Grace's story of slavery, family ties, and escape is heart- wrenching and filled with courage. The family's escape into the Great Dismal Swamp is unique and brings a new view to the typical escape story. Grace's spunk will sometimes scare you and sometimes make you cheer.
64aed6c7c7d4cf2dd29174c443e8f853	critical	This book really made me stop and think about the financial industry in more depth. At times breath taking in its idolizing of greed, and the way the US crisis became a global crisis, the author spins a good story of wealthy people who suffer the same fears of the poor. Will recommend this book for a rainy weekend read - gripping and nicely told!
db50e16892687f1ef5290a0df6947446	neutral	nSH lkl bqry'th
a1772fd85f8bd4fc0b44f009bcf2ef03	neutral	I read this book after reading The Paris Wife and becoming more intrigued by Hemingway's relationship with his first wife. I had read that this book was the last book he wrote before his death and it was about his first wife. While she was mentioned in the book a few times, it was mostly about Hemingway's years living in Paris. He makes the assumption that a reader would care about the gossip of friends and foes in his inner circle. In my case, he was wrong. I didn't care at all. I wasn't bored by the book, but more annoyed that he painted himself as a good person who could do no wrong while all his friends/acquaintances were messed up in some way or another. Didn't leave a good impression of the man Hemingway may have been in my mind.
913630d0eaefdfe0e8aaf6742154b753	very non-critical	"Plot holes! Uhg. But I love ^_^   ""So then Loki was all like 'hey thor dur ber duuuurr' and then thor was all 'nuh uh!' and thor got bitch slapped.""   i may be atheist... wait yeah.. that's why im athiest."
df183158f255069c8c9ad8bc94780c0f	very non-critical	This is one of my favorite childhood books (only after Harry Potter). Ever since reading this book, I have loved historical books in the war eras of all sorts. This one in particular has made me always cradle a cup of milky, sweet, black tea with a certain comfort, thanks to how the main character describes her tea. It is beautifully written and pulls you into a relate-able story. I've always loved it and always will.
be5daf1e5a373d82dcb37dc532addc3d	critical	I want to start off by saying I did enjoy this book. I loved the pacing, the characters, the interwoven story between Marie-Laure and Werner. However, I did not enjoy it as much as I thought I would. Maybe it was because of all the World War II books I've read and this one is just another in a long line. But mostly I expected a little more after all the buildup. I mean one of the reasons it took me so long to start reading the Hunger Games series is because everyone and their mother was telling me how amazing it was, and I've realized I should take things like that with a grain of salt.   As I said thought the book was enjoyable. Set in World War II a father flees Paris with his blind daughter meanwhile a boy in Germany signs up with one of the Hitler Youth Schools. In the end these two random people meet in terrible circumstances. This novel was beautifully crafted. The wording pulled me in and the terror for Marie and her father made me scared for them. Also, the mystery of the Sea of Flames diamond kept me turning the pages.   But I didn't feel anything at the end. While the book was enjoyable it was not as powerful as other World War II novels. I was sad when I found out about Marie's dad, and I was happy when I knew that Marie lived a long and happy life. I just was not able to connect fully with any of this. However, this does not diminish the book for me nor does it make it any less of a work of literature. Anyone, who is interested in literature during this time period should definitely read this book!
55889eba8b80730a2f1da967b15134a3	non-critical	This was a pleasant read if a little disjointed. Story of how posh well-to-do woman with good connections transplants her out of work actor hubby and two children to live in nice house in Cornwall and becomes a post woman.
67084173f2968deb5c84c4a103d47efe	very non-critical	Love. Textbook for the class I teach. The introduction on this one is the best intro to a book that I have ever read.
df3aa4585f06b76fa240192c4e9eb7a8	very non-critical	Lam, winner of the Scotiabank Giller prize for his short story collection Bloodletting and Other Miraculous Cures, has created a tour de force that reaches from the Japanese occupation of Hong Kong to the American withdrawal from Vietnam in 1975.
feb6205a23f6cb9afef1715ca21c184d	very non-critical	So depressing - so much so the story and characterization almost not worth suffering through
99dd6a128d4b778db33cea75c0bf8b55	very non-critical	Not quite as funny as her second book which I read first. But still pretty funny.
da26adade81503fcb031283dc60e084b	critical	"I love this author, and have read all of his books. I had a hard time with this one, not because of the writing, but of the subject matter. It is disappointing to be in ""the most powerful nation"" and still have complete incompetence at the top. Then the lying and deception that occurred is unacceptable. Then to have no repercussions to those that made the decisions I find even more depressing."
ea4e4ba7bee9d4aea867bfb0d5424e2b	very critical	I really, really, really enjoyed the narrator's voice in this book. Bethia may not be a typical Puritan female but I think what we know of Anne Bradstreet and other famous women from that time suggests that she may not have been unusual in her desire for education. Also, I liked that she never rejected or belittled her role in the home. I felt that this was probably true to the Puritan female character but I also liked it as an example of how a religious and family-focused woman can profit from education.   The use of old fashioned words and phrases in the book is wonderful and really helps establish a feeling for the time period without becoming a hindrance for the modern reader. It also adds to the beauty of the narrative which is wonderfully crafted. I also can not say too many praises about the characterization of both the Puritan and native individuals.   This book is based on some very bare bones of historical structure but I think it came off feeling both authentic and accessible. There is no objectionable language, sexual content or violent content - it is about Puritans after all :)
84535b081ce63c1b8dfce9c8a25bb536	non-critical	A good re-telling of The Taming of the Shrew.
ece75c3aff43905c63636cb4eb048144	very non-critical	Amusing and informative - I drew on this and its companion, The Essential Handbook of Victorian Entertaining, while writing A Most Immoral Woman.
39341a30da0662396c0db85e2dc6e6b1	neutral	POLU KALOGRAMMENO.TO KALUTERO APO TA 4 POU DIABASA TON TELEUTAIO MENA!AKsIZEI KAI POLU SUGKINETIKO.LIGA BIBLIA KATAPhERANE NA MOU PhEROUN DAKRUA STA MATIA..
c0f4815b55cd2dd527f1d74330f9d4d3	non-critical	This book is awesome. I read it in 5th grade for my reading group. I loved it. Kit is nice and the guy who wants to marry her is not right for her.
cb2ec085b7d8f59eb5a825b49b8c9edf	critical	Quick description: Mystery and romance novel, set in two different time periods, will leave you HOOKED.   Steam?: Some intense moments.   This novel is BRILLIANT and it got me so HOOKED. I don't want to say too much about the plot in case of spoilers, because the mystery pretty much kicks in on page one. If you want a well-written mystery that deepens with every page and some romance splashed in, trust me blindly and get it. I would recommend an eBook version, because its quite a thick book and I hated leaving it behind during my commute.   The chapters alternates between the two protagonists; Rosie in the 60s, Robert in the 20s, and one place, Castaway House. Rosie is a young women who is trying to piece together her life after a terrible incident which has left her confused and frightened. Robert is also young and naive, with little knowledge of love and desire. As he immerses himself into the Bray's troubling issues, Rosie starts piecing together the end of his story and discovering the start of her own.   I loved how the author entwined the time zones together in a fluid motion. The mystery is teased out gradually, but not in an aggravating pace. The reader gets enough to be curious and craving more till the end. I also loved how well the author captures the youth of the Rosie and Robert; the vulnerability, the awkwardness, the energy and the daring strength. There were certainly some passionate moments to get snared in. Great detail had also gone into the secondary characters, and they are more significant than at first glance. (wink)   The revelations are surprising, and the issues are resolved in unexpected ways. Rest assured, you will not have typical ending. You will, hopefully as I have, face more mysteries in terms of the enigma and ever underestimated power of love.
ebb0fa55c5b3f8c7fcc43cc638de0edd	critical	"Make no mistake. Pat Benatar once rocked the spandex and horizontal stripes like a bonafide daughter of Memphistopheles and knocked down many a door, wall, and barrier for women in the boys-only world of the music biz, ala Joan Jett.   But if you come here in search of tales of life in the comatose lane, wild parties where the Ten Commandments are fractured quite freely, drug and sex-fueled youthful indiscretion, or Benatar hitting rock bottom and showing up at her elderly parents' house in Winter Park, Florida begging for money to enter a 12-step program for Class 1 narcotics addiction, look away now.   I still say she deserves to be carried around Brooklyn on a throne for the rest of her life for writing ""So Sincere."""
dc79d72b4e74332711cef701ecd4f7d9	neutral	SOVEREIGN (Historical-England-1541) - VG   Sansom, C.J. - 3rd in series   Macmillan, 2006-Hardcover   *** Lawyer Matthew Shardlake and his assistant Jack Barak are sent to York to ensure the welfare of a prisoner being returned to London for interrogation. Matthew is also to assist with processing legal partitions King Henry VIII during the King's Progress to York. When local glazier is killed, Matthew and Jack uncover a locked box containing several papers, including a genealogical chart. Before Matthew has a chance to review all the papers, he is attacked and the box taken. Other attacks follow and Matthew must uncover who is behind them and what is the secret that could topple a King's throne.   *** Sansom has a talent of writing both a very good, suspenseful mystery while involving the reader in the life and politics of the time. Rather than portraying a romantic view of historic England, Sansom conveys the harshness of living conditions, the brutality of the justice of the time and the unrest and uncertainty due to Henry's striving for an heir and causing the religious division of the time. Matthew is a wonderful character with a strong belief in doing what's right, he's nicely offset by Barak greater willingness to bend the rules. Matthew is also a very human character who can be stubborn, petty and jealous. Although the dialogue is a bit awkward at times as it is strictly neither period nor modern, only a couple times did I find that distracting. This is a series I read in order, but if you enjoy history brought to life, I highly recommend Sansom.
a4a015ee165a730eb860e272c0106669	critical	I loved it really. I love how the author takes 3-4 more characters and puts them in 2 different time frames, one moving quicker than the other and therefore the one catches up with the other.   I did not however think the use of the f word was necessary at all. The reader can tell how evil and disgusting and disrespectful the Nazis are without the language and those words didn't add to the story, nor the description of a certain body part of a woman. Totally unnecessary to the plot, like it was thrown in there for shock value.   I still give it 5 stars!
046296efbc3b5972fdb1a589a0c5f95a	very non-critical	Ho-hum Quakers and sea-faring.
026f86a6708c782470564aad596c8cdf	very non-critical	A touching story with much good wisdom about life and love and hardship.
17c109ad47208608f725ee21089665a1	non-critical	Wonderful novel about Nefertari, Ramsees the Great's wife. Anout court intrigues and her connection to Nefertiti.
12e1ce48cdff5ea36d24b5bf573b6d42	critical	This book surprised me in so many ways. It has a much more serious feel than what I usually read and after reading the first few chapters I was almost positive I was going to DNF it... until I finished Chapter 6 and I was hooked!   This takes place in an alternate version of 1956 where Hitler has won WWII and our heroine, Yael is a concentration camp escapee who has developed special powers from being subject to human experiments during her time at the camp. Upon escaping she joins up with the rebellion and embarks on a mission to win a cross country motorcycle race so she can kill the Fuhrer when he awards the winner, ending the Nazi rule. While there are some very fictional elements so much of what Yael experiences is very historically accurate and will register with a lot of readers. Because of how difficult some of these things are I found myself loving and hating this at the same time.   So much of the story is focused around a motorcycle race, which I was worried was going to bore me to death. However just when I would start thinking that this book wasn't going to be what I was looking for something would happen in the story that pulled me back in. All the challenges Yael faces while impersonating Adele Wolfe and having to deceive people who know Adele far better than she does were really interesting. After each twist and turn, I found myself compelled to keep going and the more I read the more I enjoyed it.   While this is appropriate for YA, it definitely feels more mature than most in that genre and adults will enjoy it as well. The characters took me awhile to connect with. I highly recommend the audiobook. The narrator does an excellent job. Her voices and accents help set the story and she makes it easier to get through potentially slow or hard to read portions. The first half focuses mostly on Yael's backstory with lots of flashbacks. I both liked and disliked the flashbacks; they help the race not feel so mundane, but they also take away from the flow of current events at the same time. Once we get closer to the end there are far fewer flashbacks and that's when we get a lot more character interaction and I really started being invested in the story. The ending took me for a huge ride and I am dying to know what happens next. This was such an interesting and thought-provoking read that I would feel comfortable recommending to almost anyone. It's a story that is going to stick with me for a long time.
05e88f3a7884b35e6a889f0f29c37966	very non-critical	Really good, can't wait for the next in the series.
5c514a4d3734ba986cd15262566eec94	very non-critical	Can't Wait! :D
fd9d8c26638ba11bdc0a08e7d82a3b7b	non-critical	"When I began No One is Here, I thought I would enjoy it, despite the fact that I found the narrator's lyrical cadence hard to follow at times. However, I gave up about halfway through, completely irritated with the story, the narrator's voice, and the strange evolution of the characters.   Favorite quote:   ""No one can limit belief"" (24)."
031e7cd61dfda7b489df9af30d15dec5	neutral	"If you have a interest in historical fiction, particularly from the era of WWII, then this book is for you. The author tells the story from the very different points of view of the two main characters. Peter, a German infantryman on the Eastern front and Katharina, his mail-order bride living at home with her parents in Berlin. He marries for a honeymoon leave; she for a chance at a widow's pension. Ms Magee does a excellent job of showing how the tide of the war, as it goes from victories to defeat, affects the home front as well as the soldier on the battlefield. She makes it believable that their relationship, based on a 10 day leave, is what sustains them as their worlds fall apart.   I know that some have commented on the abruptness of the ending but I thought that was in keeping with the story. Life is seldom ""happy-ever-after.""   The narrator, Suzanne Toren, did a excellent job."
29c94c515e68cfa3d7aa2d7acb153aa9	very non-critical	Chapter 1: The formation of Augustine's mind: Cicero, Mani, Plato, Christ   Chapter 2: Liberal arts   Chapter 3: Free choice   Chapter 4: A philosophical society   Chapter 5: Vocation   Chapter 6: Confessions   Chapter 7: Unity and division   Chapter 8: Creation and the Trinity   Chapter 9: City of God   Chapter 10: Nature and grace
51aefa66c5bddc2cf42b904d8a7651a9	very critical	I have to say, I really enjoyed this book. It was very well written and, apparently, researched.   In 1611, Countess Erzsebet Bathory Nadasdy of Hungary, known now to the world as The Blood Countess, relates her life to her young son in a letter from her tower prison where she has been walled up for the torture and eventual murder of countless young women in her employ.   Legend portrays the Countess as a blood thirsty monster. How strange that a woman is a monster while a man, Vlad Tepes, also known as Vlad the Impaler or Dracula, is considered a hero.
c0f6b5a5cece7186d508368c3c22b6b1	non-critical	I don't think I can finish it because, at just past halfway I am finding it deadly dull.   I wanted to like it and I tried hard to like it, I have given it multiple chances but it is too much of a slog.   The main character is likeable but deeply gloomy and miserable. There is no lighting of spirit anywhere in his dogged narration. The narration is post events and from the get go we know it all ends miserably. I find this unattractive at best.   The other characters are all deeply unlikeable; Arthur is a military genius and politically savy but a complete moron in human relations which I find both unlikeable and unbelievable.   Pretty much every one else is nasty.   Unenjoyable.
ac41d7e58a8bb5594bf6cce1db0e0596	non-critical	What a lovely fun story.   Miss Cecelia Harcourt is in quite desperate straits. Her parents died two years ago, and since then she and her young ,sick sister have been living with their uncle. He is not a nice man. He is insisting Cecelia marry his son just to take control of her dowry. She is hoping the romance novel she has written will be their salvation. If she can sell it.   Mr Adam Hunt is a dissatisfied man. His eldest brother is a war hero, his second brother a spy for the crown, but he has no purpose in life.   I will not spoil this by further describing the story. It's really very good fun. Only a little sex, but lots of romance. Our hero and heroine are truly memorable. We have met some of the secondary characters before, and I hope we will see more of all of them in the rest of the series.
baae77853f8f30862a06801c00026133	very non-critical	"More like 3.5 stars. I have found that memoirs/biographies are slower reading that fiction. I grew up with ""Alex P. Keaton"", ""Marty McFly"", and ""Michael Flannery"" so I was very interested in the 'behind the scenes' look at Michael J. Fox. I also found myself looking (and re-looking) him up on IMDB and have now started looking for videos of him in his current state. He is such an interesting, likable guy...so glad I read this!"
54ef4bded086aff31665885ae16407c2	neutral	The story of the mail-order brides from Anonymous Brides continues in the second book of the series, Second Chance Brides. Again, Vickie McDonough, weaves together three different stories throughout the book with only two concluding by the end which leaves you wanting to go right to book three for the rest of the story. Leah and Shannon both have obstacles to work through in developing relationships and Jack continues to get into many scrapes of her own. I like the light, easy reading style of this series. There is no need for villains or mystery here because inner struggles and overcoming your past is the theme for each of the brides lives. Now on to book three, Finally A Bride!
03331b10bc7112eb38532b6496ef3d7b	neutral	Hoi ky day tinh thuyet phuc va cam dong cua vi bac si tre giai phau than kinh bi ung thu phoi giai doan cuoi.   Day la lan dau tien minh doc the loai Hoi ky. Truoc gio minh khong thich the loai tu truyen hoi ky cho lam, vi ban than minh thay no qua ca nhan hoa, qua bong bay suy nghi ca nhan cua mot nguoi nen cu thay hoi ky la minh cach. Xong quyen sach nay lai du lam minh cam thay to mo muon tau ve ngay - co le la do no la hoi ky cua mot benh nhan ung thu lam minh muon tim hieu them ve nhung cam xuc, nhung trai nghiem, nhung con nguoi phai trai qua can benh quai ac nay chang?   Quyen sach nay co dong lai kha nhieu cam xuc trong minh, that su lam thay doi tat ca suy nghi cua minh ve can benh ung thu cung nhu nhung gi nguoi benh phai trai qua. Bill Gates cung da roi nuoc mat khi doc xong no, va minh cung rom rom nuoc mat nhung chi o hai doan, mot la khi bac si Paul viet ve nguoi benh nhan gia va hai la doan vo anh - bac si Lucy viet ve nhung giay phut cuoi doi anh quay quan ben gia dinh, nguoi than, be ban. Chi the thoi!   Con lai, minh thay loi viet kha mang tinh triet hoc, truu tuong, sieu than den muc neu o do tuoi nho hon doc quyen nay chac se khong hieu anh dang muon truyen dat van de gi. Co nhung doan minh rat tam dac, mo ra mot chan troi moi cho minh ve Y nghia - cai chet va cuoc song, nhung co nhung doan minh thay kha roi, chac do nang luc hieu ve cac van de nay cua minh chua dat den trinh do cua anh. Nhung that su nhung kien thuc ve triet hoc, van hoc khi truyen tai ve su song va cai chet cua anh du de lam ban choang ngop!   Khep lai quyen sach, dieu minh kham phuc nhat chinh la su dung cam va binh than chap nhan va song mot cach vui ve nhung ngay thang con lai cua anh khi doi mat voi cai chet, voi can benh dang ngay mot bao mon suc song cua anh. Thu dat minh vao vi tri nay, minh khong chac minh co du nghi luc va tu tin de vui ve voi phan doi con lai nhu anh, nhu nguoi than, gia dinh anh hay khong... Anh that su la mot nguoi hung! Hoi tiec vi da biet den anh muon mang nhu vay, RIP Paul Kalanithi. Tat ca nhung doc gia cua cuon sach nay se luon nho mai ve anh - nguoi hung, nguoi y si, nha van, benh nhan day dung khi du truyen cam hung cho tat ca moi nguoi khi doi mat voi can benh nan y!
3565763e586d938ab1c341ed1643a222	non-critical	WHAT HAPPENS UNDER THE MISTLETOE is a wonderful Christmas-themed anthology by four historical romance superstars. I reviewed the novellas in the order in which they appear in the book.   In THE HEIRESS AND THE HOTHEAD by Sabrina Jeffries, Lord Stephen Corry is a guest at the manor of American artist Jeremy Keane and his wife Yvette, when he mistakes Amanda Keane, his sister-in-law for a friend, and decides to kiss her under the mistletoe anyway. Amanda is the owner of a cotton mill in America, Stephen writes about the abuse of cotton mill workers in England; they hardly see eye to eye on anything, until they really listen to each other. THE HEIRESS AND THE HOTHEAD is a fascinating story about the paltry conditions of mill workers in the early 1820s. The author's research is most impressive, there are exciting plot twists, and an authentic feeling of Regency Christmas permeates the novella. The sexual chemistry between Stephen and Amanda is blistering, they challenge each other intellectually, and as people; there is a lot of passion on several levels. Sabrina Jeffries outdid herself with the excellent THE HEIRESS AND THE HOTHEAD!   In TWELVE KISSES, Karen Hawkins revisits the world of the Oxenburg princes, as Crown Prince Nikolai Romanovin and his grandmother Grand Duchess Natasha Nikolaevna - one of my favourite fictional characters ever - spend Christmas in Scotland. At a house party, Marcus Sutherland notices the woman who broke his heart 10 years before, Kenna Stuart, now a widow. It's a masquerade ball, Marcus is supposed to meet his mistress Lila under the mistletoe, but Kenna who had overheard the conversation, opts for the same disguise as Lila, and steals a kiss from Marcus, and thus they meet again...and how! Ms. Hawkins has penned a superbly entertaining story, gorgeously written, with swoony moments and several chuckles along the way. Two proud and headstrong characters battle their way to a happy-ever-after the second time around, unknowingly with the help of the formidable Grand Duchess. A most scrumptious morsel!   BY ANY OTHER NAME, by Candace Camp, is a very entertaining case of mistaken identities of a different sort. In the middle of the night, Rylla Campbell sneaks away dressed in her brother Daniel's clothing; Daniel is missing, and she endeavours to look into gambling clubs to find him. When leaving the first club, she is attacked by some villains and rescued by a certain Gregory Rose. Rylla was hurt during the scuffle, and when tending to her wounds Gregory discovers that the young man is a very beautiful young lady, and he is immediately smitten, but it proves to be a Herculean task to capture Rylla's heart! BY ANY OTHER NAME is clever, fast-paced, and beautifully written, and there are none of the usual annoying misunderstandings common to this kind of trope; very well done indeed!   In SWEET RUIN by Meredith Duran, Georgie Trent's diplomat father is called away and Georgie is left to entertain his friends for Christmas. It seems a politically sensitive letter has been stolen, and her father sent Lucas Godwin to search for it. Lucas, a diplomat, broke Georgie's heart two years before. SWEET RUIN is a very clever story about a bookish daughter of a peer and a dazzlingly dashing commoner. Ms. Duran's prose flows seamlessly, the dialogues are witty, and the story is captivating mostly because Georgie and Lucas are such engaging characters and they have wonderful chemistry. SWEET RUIN is a delightful romance about how lies can so dreadfully ruin what could have been.   I received a complimentary copy of this book in exchange for an honest review.
52bbafb188d76579c05d539b2f06c563	non-critical	Can't remember when I first read this book, but has always been one of my favorite of the Wilbur Smith novels. The two stories from the two different timelines ... modern archaelogy vs. ancient city ... but the hint that the story from the ancient city is repeating itself in modern times, fascinated me.
3b07032a40b185005425c94291de77f2	neutral	I thought that this book was highly entertaining. A very quick read if you know about the Tudor history, especially the Anne Boleyn saga. It's a cool angle though; Elizabeth I, already Queen of England is given her mother's old diary from an old woman who was with tended to her in the Tower of London. Through the pages she learns about her mother and her personality and gains a love and empathy towards her. This part of the book was good. I was a little annoyed at the depiction of Elizabeth's romance with Dudley. It seemed a little trite. I guess I'm a harsh judge though since I've seen so many movies and read so many books about them. overall a good find and fun read.
725339a1bb3e810861ab0e2128834937	very non-critical	"I think the author read Stafford's ""Queen Emma and Queen Edith. "" Am I right? If so, nice to see an HF author using serious academic work."
68caf2917076aea0fc9937086201e4a3	very critical	"This fictional memoir-style novel told by a Chinese soldier taken prisoner by the US army during the Korean war, perhaps as a reflection of its mild-mannered, insightful, educated narrator, rolls forward in the chronologic, episodic manner of a real-life historical account. Jin incorporates detail-rich swaths of political and historical interest to ensure that the typical American reader learns something new about the aptly-named ""Forgotten War"". Since the episodic nature of history doesn't always make for gripping reading, Jin employs a novelistic technique--the reoccurring image of the narrator's anti-American tattoo--to build tension, pique the readers' curiosity, and ultimately pull them through what might be an otherwise dry read.   The only time-jump in this chronologically-told novel is its flash-forward prologue, in which the aged narrator tells of his first (and probably last) visit to the US to see his grandchildren, and his fear that he will be strip-searched at US immigration and barred from entering the country, even though ""like a talisman, the tattoo has protected me in China for almost five decades."" The tattoo makes its long-awaited reappearance about halfway through the novel, after the politically moderate narrator finds himself tossed into a US prisoner of war compound controlled internally by pro-communist Chinese prisoners, but not in the way we expect, and the tension continues to build, but gradually.   Two things surprised me about this novel. The first is that previously mentioned gradual pace, which, considering what should be sensational and violent subject matter; the ever-collected narrator seems to bring a calm, almost zen-like balance to the story. My second surprise is at how little of this is actually fiction. After reading about a US general's abduction by his prisoners, and US tanks firing into a POW compound, I had to do a little research. Turns out, these incidents actually occurred but were (and here's my third surprise) covered up in the aftermath. The names have been changed, but the details are accurate down to the general clinging to the gate for his life. Which should make you want to read the book, if you haven't yet!   The re-occurrence of the tattoo is significant because it is the only element that threads through the story from beginning to end and ties it off at the end. Without it, suspense within the novel's arc would be fleeting as the narrator moves from the army, to hospital, to a string of POW camps, all replete with their own cast of characters, most of whom are not fleshed out and disappear from the story for good once the narrator moves on. The story is well written, the character likeable yet flawed, and overcomes its own episodic nature and the not-quite suffocating amounts of historical background. That raw, reoccurring image of a mangled tattoo drags us through the narrative like a carrot on a string--and the reader with it--to the last page."
94752bb1b8a018c5b80486cbce2d317e	non-critical	"Read this monster while taking a course titled ""The Atomic Era"" in college. For historical insights, it's quite a page turner. The class was pretty awesome too."
f6c8bba7dcefe31fc17e1c4915ab64f0	neutral	'Znh rwy@ jyd@ ... lkn ltrjm@ j`ltny fy mth@ w'n 'qr'
755c03661394f051ce3fb95315af6aae	neutral	Also posted on Eva Lucias blog   Strong Looks Better Naked af Khloe Kardashian er faktisk en rigtig fin bog. Jeg laeste den pa engelsk og den er skrevet i Khloe Kardashians tone - som om man lytter til en ven, som fortaeller sin historie, imens man sidder ved deres side.   Man kan sige hvad man vil om Kardashian-familien. Man kan elske dem eller man kan hade dem. Anyways, jeg er selv ret imponeret og glad over at have laest denne bog. Den er inddelt i forskellige kategorier: Body, heart, mind og soul.   Samtidig med at vi laerer Khloe Kardashian bedre at kende, sa far vi indblik i hendes privatliv: aegteskab, kamp med vaegten, at vaere i spotlight og hendes tanker om sig selv.   Jeg synes, at sproget og skrivestilen gor, at det bliver nemt at relatere til. Desuden er der et fint budskab med denne bog: Man skal elske sig selv og saette pris pa sin krop, og hvad man har. Det handler ikke om tallet pa vaegten, men snarere om at man foler sig godt tilpas i sin krop og at man foler sig sund, sa man kan udnytte livets potentiale.   Hvis man nogensinde har fikseret pa sin vaegt, haft det surt med sin krop eller haft en spiseforstyrrelse, sa er det rart at laese Strong Looks Better Naked, for man er bestemt ikke alene. Det handler om at acceptere sig selv for den man er, og det viser Khloe Kardashian med denne bog. Der er personlighed og hjerte bag de skrevne ord, for det er hendes aegte erfaringer, som hun deler med andre - os som ogsa har haft disse frustrationer.   Blog ~ Facebook ~ Instagram ~ Youtube ~ Spotify
1afac102557abd3f656b2368dd0e20ce	critical	** spoiler alert **   As someone who works with children who have experienced different forms of trauma and abuse, it was interesting hearing Angelou's internal dialogue of the abuse she endured. I did feel the book dragged at some parts though.
2422f9c416bbd72965f222f6cf462cb4	non-critical	I went into this book with high hopes, having been a fan of Dratch's comedy work. However, this book seemed to be 250 pages of someone complaining about their awesome life, with only sprinkled bits of thankfulness and joy - not too mention about a dozen more name drops than felt comfortable.
66abfadbe5a15f5e4ff82067775d4d25	very critical	"This book certainly deserves the label ""classic,"" for two major reasons. First, Wolf effectively threw into question the idea within anthropology and elsewhere that cultures, especially non-Western cultures, are fragmented and static or were fragmented and static before contact with Western ""civilization."" Secondly, his work represents one of the best anthropological contributions to structural Marxism (Althusser, for example). However, to do so he simply reduces global cultural relations and processes into ""modes of production"" rather than enhancing both anthropology and political economy by melding cultural aspects more effectively with political economy. For example, Gramsci, Raymond Williams and others are only given brief mention in order for Wolf to argue (p. 425) that ""thought [and therefore culture:] is mediated by the prevailing mode of production."" I do not find this economic determinism persuasive: ideology and culture cannot simply be reduced to veneers covering particular modes of production. Rather, in addition to Gramscian literature one would do well to look at literature on Foucauldian governmentality such as Apter's The Pan-African Nation: Oil and the Spectacle of Culture in Nigeria (see below), which brings a much more dynamic and yet realistic view of exploitation through the last 400 years, from mercantile through capitalist ""modes of production,"" of Nigerian history."
8c230aafaa2ee7d6575103af61a53b7e	neutral	I enjoyed the topic of this book, but I found some of the quotes to be challenging to read. I would have preferred Modern English rather than English of the 19th century. Overall, I really liked the book and I would recommend it to others interested in reading history.
b250c6a3c0b156b12423ab06e633046b	very non-critical	Fun and often poignant read.   Fun and often poignant read.   fascinating read about life on the edge of professional football. great read. I hope nate keeps at the writing gig. he's got talent and a unique voice.
2789abab0391d25499e3d5d2a284d168	very critical	I enjoy reading biographies. But, most of them end up being from various forms of entertainment. The ones that come immediately to mind are Walt Disney, Will Eisner, Fritz Lang, The Beatles. So, when I picked this up 6 months ago, I took a departure from my comfort zone.   I have heard a lot of complaints about biographies being a little tedious in the details presented. This is necessary in my mind. Biographies are an examination of a life. What are the influences and motivations? What are the departures? This biography goes through in detail of John Quincy Adams grew up. Without knowing the demands of his youth, a person would not understand the demands he put on himself later on in life. This is a man whose influences are not only his own equally famous father, but also the people he traveled with, the demands on his education both his mother and father demanded of him, the travels he started taking as a young child as secretary to his father. He was there to listen to the debates over the writing of the Constitution. Federalism v Republicanism would be a defining factor in his entire life. He would depart from Jefferson on his views of democracy, while continuing to respect him as an intellectual and one of the founders of the country John Quincy Adams would serve his entire life.   By the time Adams achieved his term as President, most of his education was complete. But, this was not the height of his public service. Indeed, he was not ready for the change in politics taking place in the United States. Already at this time his beliefs on freedom and the morality of slavery in the land of the free were being challenged -- at this point more as an internal conflict. This would become his driving motivation in his post-Presidency career, as the only President to go on and serve as a state Senator.   This is where he realized his role as a great civil servant. Continually challenging the Southern slave holder control of the senate. He would defend a free woman in court, who had killed her children when imprisoned and sold to the south. The moral question of eternal servitude or death, she saw no choice. Adams found her choice above reproach. His complete turn came during the now famous Amistad case. His argument for their release and return to their natural homes turned the then packed southern dominated Supreme Court, as they couldn't deny the points he brought forth. While still not identifying as an Abolitionist, he had turned from the passive belief that slavery would silently pass from this country to knowing it would only be solved by the shedding of blood. This prophecy would come true 17 years after his death.   This biography illuminates the growth and change of this country, while attempting to try to stay true to the founding precepts. Often, even during his life, the leaders and actions failed to do this. Yet, he never lost faith. To the end, suffering a stroke marking the end of his life on the Senate floor, he served the country he saw his father and friends found. He didn't do it for glory or fame. He did so out of duty for the greater good even when it challenged his deepest held beliefs. This country needs more people like him.
a22ed2c4f2fa6780eafcf130492f684d	very non-critical	Kate Morton is one of my favourite Australian authors, and has sold more than 10 million copies of her books, quite an accomplishment. I've enjoyed all of them and The Lake House is her latest standalone historical fiction novel.   In the 1930s, Alice's younger brother Theo disappears during a Midsummer's Eve party at their estate, and is never seen again. The family leave Loeanneth (the lake house of the title) and never return. Alice grows up to become a crime writer, and seventy years later, Detective Sadie Sparrow stumbles across the cold case.   The story unfolds from multiple points of view, as we hear from Sadie, Alice and Alice's mother Eleanor. The result is a rich tapestry of family, regret, guilt, love, grief and the weaving together of secrets to form an intriguing mystery.   The Edevane family house Loeanneth is a character in of itself, magical and bustling with life, and then atmospheric, overgrown and abandoned after the tragic disappearance of little Theo. Morton's description of the house shut up and sealed for decades reminded me of the Paris apartment that lay untouched for 70 years.   Morton has clearly had some fun in selecting the character names for The Lake House, Alice from Alice in Wonderland and Peter (Alice's assistant) from Peter Pan are both stories about lost children, and therefore fitting character names for this mystery about a missing child.   Alice was my favourite character by far though, an elderly writer, reclusive, aloof and set in her ways, she was an absolute joy to read.   The past and the present come together beautifully in The Lake House, and my only niggle was that the story was tied up way too neatly at the end in a coincidence that was a little too convenient for this reader to swallow. Some readers will love the reveal, but loyal fans who've read all of Morton's books will recognise that the magic that made me gasp in The Forgotten Garden and The Shifting Fog is absent at the end of The Lake House.   Still highly recommended and I can't wait to read whatever she writes next. Full review here: http://www.carpelibrum.net/2015/10/re...
0fa73796451928f12f04ea37027f5eda	neutral	This makes for a good weekend read.   Despite the plot jumping around a lot, it is an easy read.   I would have liked to see the author go into more depth around her character descriptions. It was hard to fully comprehend who these characters were on the details we were given.   Th ending also seemed to just stop, leaving me with many questions.   But for any one interested in ghost stories, of the non-scary kind, it's worth reading and judging for yourself.
e6049e098969316ab85099ab91c12e67	critical	"Maybe it's unfair to review a book that one didn't properly finish. But The Kommandant's Girl is a fail on so many levels that after reading more than half and then skimming the remainder, I feel the need to warn people from investing in it.   Despite the pedestrian (at best) prose, the book starts promisingly enough, providing an unusual glimpse into the Krakow ghetto shortly after the Nazi occupation of Poland. But the emotions that the narrator, a Jew passing as a Catholic Pole, succumbs to regarding her boss, a Nazi official, were simply unbelievable for me, and the writer did nothing to enable me to understand her character's point of view. The only way I could suspend my disbelief was to view the narrator as being so loathsome that I couldn't bear to spend any more time with her.   When I'm involved in a satisfying book I make all sorts of excuses to sneak in another few pages--while waiting for my computer to restart at work, say, or while stirring pasta on the stove. With The Kommandant's Girl, I was making excuses not to read the book (""How about I mow the lawn instead?""). I hate negating someone else's labor and vision, but I also hate wasting time reading unworthy verbiage. It's amazing to me that pap such as this gets published when so many far more creative, stimulating, or just plain enjoyable manuscripts don't."
f32584b52e6939d8a0da6de271ca96e7	very critical	Somehow, though there's hardly a page that goes by that doesn't have stuttering as the focus, our young hero is so much more than his challenge. A reader is given a chance to feel like she knows him. Like she knows him better than his parents do... their role is very minor, but at the same time they're loving; it's weird....   Anyway, I was not surprised to see that Vawter was inspired by his own childhood. Even though I didn't get all the cultural references, the period in history came alive for me. (Summer of '59.) And so does the disability... I wonder if any young readers will become inspired to become speech pathologists.   Some of the characters were a bit over-the-top, but from the perspective of an 11 yo, that's kinda true... Victor is focused on the key traits of his comrades on this adventure because he's just a kid. But he's learning. He's learning that Mam isn't just a devoted nursemaid/ housekeeper, that Mr. Spiro isn't just a guru, that Mrs. Worthington, Ara T., his parents, his friend Rat... they all have lives beyond their interactions with the 'Substitute Paperboy.' That's a hard lesson to learn, and I'm sure I'm not the only adult who is still trying master it.   The book is short, with exciting bits, and some of the themes are told heavy-handedly. I suppose Vawter wanted to make sure this is accessible to reluctant readers. But it's more than that. I think, even though it's not perfect, it does have universal appeal, and I also hope that the author has another good book for me to read.
c914ec85580e702e067f64848aa8c5a5	non-critical	Long underrated by Greek scholars, this work has recently been studied more, and rightfully so. A novel rich with intertext and allusion, while also parodying other novels of its genre. Highly recommend (and if you can read it in Greek, all the better!)
551b8f32bfd2f575e29b015b0c6b61e7	very critical	"Dude. This thing is EPIC. Lawrence Freedman does not play. He begins the book with an account of Chimpanzee warfare and pretty much runs the gauntlet of western (and some eastern but not much) theories, philosophies, methodologies etc. of strategy.   I honestly didn't know what to expect when I began the book. I assumed it would be all about military strategy. And for the first third of the book it pretty much was. Beginning with the Achilles and Odysseus in The Iliad, then to the Bible (snore), then to Sun Tzu and Machiavelli, and to the foundational military ideas of Baron Henri de Jomini and Carl von Clausewitz. None of which was a surprise.   But then the book shifts gears and focuses on left wing revolutionary strategy including Marx, Gramsci, Lennon and the to Che Guevara and then Tolstoy and on and on. And that actually was a surprise. I did not expect that.   But then he busted out with the right wing and corporate strategy of Peter Drucker and Alfred P. Sloan (of NPR underwriter fame) and Henry Ford. In fact the section on Ford blew my mind. It was great fun. Totally unexpected.   But the he keeps going. Covering thinkers such as Thomas Kuhn (what a frickin genius) and Karl Popper (another frickin genius) all the way to Kahneman,Tversky and later, Talib. All the way to to the modern use of game theory in behavioral economics.   Wow. Any way. He just goes on, and on, and on, and on (in the good way). No one will accuse Freedman of lacking breadth and depth.   After all that, it may sound odd to hear that I wish I could give this one a 3.5   The book is an amazing accomplishment. Freedman set out to cover every important contribution to [western] strategic theory. That is not a trivial task. This book is clearly the life's work of a very bright and dedicated scholar/historian and that alone deserves respect and honorable mention.   He gave fair balance between left, right and center politics. he gave even treatment of military, revolutionary, business and scientific methodologies. He rendered charming little biographies of characters as disperate as Henry Ford and Alan Ginsburg (yes Ginsy is prominently featured in a book about strategy).   So why 4 (3.5) stars?   The book needed to be trimmed. It wasn't tight.   It also lacked a central theme, metaphor, orientation or central anything that could provide a through-line to help the text feel less like a ""baggy compendium"" or encyclopedia.   I almost said text book, but most textbooks have central, orienting ""big ideas"" lacing them together.   Another reason I'm bagging on the book a bit is because it's long and therefore it's a significant investment of time and energy to read this thing. I feel like long texts have to be held to a higher standard. they really have to justify their length.   I just read Andrew Solomon's Far From The Tree. An equally long, potentially equally disparate text, made very cohesive thanks to a strong central metaphor and an even stronger narrative voice. It's a terrible comparison in some respects, but I feel it's apt in this one particular sense.   This book is excellent. Monumental in some respects. But probably unfinishable if you're not a theory/history dork for the reasons cited.   So four stars it is.   ."
f0a45a7a17e1377ce2092fba42b52edc	very non-critical	couldn't find the funny parts.
360dcbbe3aa1836be41a148ebf7b00e4	non-critical	I enjoyed book 2 as much as book 1 although it does bug me when people fight over misunderstandings. This is the book about Uncle Tony, who I loved in book 1. The events of book 1 aren't all that important to this book, but book 1 does introduce most of the supporting characters for this book. This book also provides some backstory for the next novel.
3a08831a972de7004fbbcddccfe0f913	very critical	"Walt Disney spent much of the war making both propaganda films and training films for the armed forces. The art included in this was just gorgeous, from storyboards to shots from the films. I also loved how various ships/battalions/groups requested and received personalized Disney insignias. ""It's difficult for us today to full appreciate how it felt for a serviceman or woman to have their unit represented by a Disney-designed insignia. For the generation that fought WW2, Disney character images possessed an iconic heft that has no analog in contemporary animation. A Donald Duck insignia boosted morale, not just because it reminded soldiers of home, but also because it signified the work they were doing was important enough to be acknowledged by Walt Disney."" I also enjoyed the story of Walt and Roald Dahl working on Gremlins, which ultimately went nowhere. I found the book best suited for browsing rather than straight reading - I was interested in the facts, but all together, it was a little dry. Better to dip in and out."
ae5c6128827790174aa66c3431c42e1a	neutral	"A wooden horse journeys across Washington State, passing through many hands over 100 years. I remember having this book read to me in class when I was in elementary school, so it was fun to read it to my own class. The book can be a little boring, but the chapters are short and it was easy to get through one a day. There was a very diverse range of people and experiences going on in this book, which I appreciated, and I would ask my class questions like, ""Who knows what 'bilingual is'? What was going on in the 1930s? What war do you think they're talking about in this chapter?"""
92b43b52a98bb3ef517adb50285b9c07	very non-critical	I should have read a different version. This version consists each and every chapter like the points you need to read for exam
5b2a6f7d2da7e347d6aa93961275278a	neutral	_ lry'` brhym nSr llh yujbrny `n Tyb khTr n mnH mubd`th tlk lkhms njwm !! :))   kyf y`ysh SHb lqDyh Hml hmh wHlmh w Hubh `ly ktfh sy'r ly m l nhy@ ,   lm y`tmd `ly lshkhS wl tSwyrhm bqdr m `tmd `ly lfkr@ wGrsh fy lqry' bnjH bhr !!   nh mn tlk lnw` mn lrwyt lty l tml mn tkrr qry'th ..   .
016b2d7a51f23dd6b6453da48fdfd236	neutral	This was a a great read. A bit slow to start IMO, but worth hanging in for.If you read and enjoyed either of Jeanette Walls' books (The Glass Castle and Half Broke Horses), you will love this one.
abb675b274f3dbad97e0f72d08d836e3	very non-critical	3,5
46b28f290cfdfbfc16b1eb64c305df22	non-critical	A truly lovely, uplifting read. I still miss Russell Baker on Sundays.
03f5fc6dddb825f51c6626e33e7b1752	non-critical	It's a nice book. Pepin talks about his life and how it has revolved around food. I learned a lot about how food was developed for chain restaurants and the recipes were pretty good.
6d8710eb0e62435f65b2b8e90b9e73e5	non-critical	I listened to this book on audiobook and it was okay but definitely not a favorite. It included some very common tropes which I generally enjoy but didn't really love in this book.   *Spoilers below*   Essentially, it's a book about a girl who is captured by a brutish highlander who everyone believes to be a heartless killer, but it turns out that he's really a good guy underneath it all and she ends up falling in love with him. It's the classic girl captured by guy, girl wrestles with unwanted feelings for guy, guy provides justification for why he's such a bad guy and girl gives into feelings for guy.   My problem with the story was that there were some characters I really didn't care for (like Angus). I also don't like books with obscenities in them and some characters seemed unable to say anything without adding in a few choice words (Angus again). The sex scenes were also a bit more graphic than I generally enjoy reading.   In spite of those things, I enjoyed the book for what it was but I don't think I will be continuing with the trilogy.
a03789db4d2d814bf00eb5ea059439c6	neutral	So far, I'm loving this book. I agree with some who have complained of certain sections that get bogged down with stats and granular detail. On the other hand, this is a comprehensive academic work so -- get over it. Learn to skim. Whatever. I have learned more about FDR and ER than I thought possible, on a very human basis. And I'm only half through. Great reading.
34364a5e238809285b01bb54f645efd4	critical	"This book was quite similar to The Thirteenth Tale, in that it had a very gothic feel to it, has a mystery that is unresolved until the last chapter, and is written in flashbacks.   I found the contemporary sections of the book to be less interesting than the flashbacks, and I was often impatient to get back to the ""real"" story.   I liked the descriptions of servanthood in the early 20th century. The effects of war on those who've been there are quite well-drawn; in addition, I liked how the author showed how those who'd been left behind were often confused and frightened by the soldiers' shell-shock.   I felt the mystery could have been revealed much sooner; as it was, I was VERY impatient by the time I got to it, as it is literally in the last ten pages of the book. And then I thought it was quite a small secret to have had such a tremendous build up. ""Big deal."" That's what I thought.   I'd have been far more interested hearing the story of the narrator's unusual life. For a woman to have been a lady's maid, then to have worked as a war nurse, put herself through college, and become an archaeologist and professor? Now THAT'S a story."
a8d5a8aba87e253a00442040cd450c1a	non-critical	When Ella Burton takes a job as a cleaner at The Palace Theatre in Swansea she falls in love with the place and it doesn't take her long to fall in love with the Manager Anthony. She is in her element when he promotes her to wardrobe dresser.   But tragedy strikes and Ella and her mother are left with no money, and Ella does not hear from Anthony who has left take a position in Yorkshire, so she marries the man her father had chosen for her even though she does not love him.   Jolly is a good husband to Ella. He leaves his job and buys The Palace and Anthony comes back to work for him. They fall on hard times though and it is a struggle, then Ella loses Jolly and finds she is again left with no money and 6 children. She does some brain storming and comes with an idea to save The Palace.   This was an okay story, there were parts of it I thought not so good but overall an okay read.
49f38e583c98be2e6a2c7f622a7e9489	neutral	Ci sono libri che ti fanno venir voglia di scrivere: ti ispirano, ti forniscono un sacco di insegnamenti, ti aprono il cuore in maniera tale che vuoi ad ogni costo mettere su carta o sul monitor tutta quella nuova vita che in seguito a tale lettura ti pulsa maggiormente dentro. Sono libri bellissimi e zeppi di spunti non solo narrativi ma esistenziali. A me fanno quest'effetto i libri di Baricco, ad esempio.   Poi ci sono libri che ti fanno passare la voglia di scrivere, perche sono troppo, troppo, troppo belli e senti che niente e nessuno potra mai raggiungere quella perfezione non tanto della trama, ma della descrizione di ogni sfumatura delle emozioni. La gang dei sogni mi ha fatto quest'effetto, la tentazione di posare per sempre penna e tastiera e anche, forse, la paura che non avrei mai piu letto nulla del genere, la tentazione ancora piu pericolosa di smettere di leggere perche erano anni che non trovavo qualcosa di tanto meraviglioso e non potevo aspettare anni per trovarlo ancora, ora che avevo riassaporato il gusto misterioso di non riuscirsi a staccare dalla pagina e insieme di desiderare che il libro non finisse mai.   Dal punto di vista formale e incredibile il modo in cui Di Fulvio si muove tra presente e passato, luoghi e personaggi, senza mai far sentire smarrito il lettore. I suoi caratteri sono cosi ben approfonditi che se anche non ci fossero indicazioni spaziali e temporali a contestualizzare i salti li riconosceresti comunque, i protagonisti della storia, da come agiscono e come parlano, gia dalle prime righe di ogni capitolo. E non avresti neppure problemi a distinguere il Christmas bambino da quello adulto: non ti sembra di leggere, ma di averlo davanti, a rappresentare, con la storia della sua vita, la storia di ogni vita umana possibile. Non credo mi sia mai capitato un tale intreccio narrativo apparentemente disordinato eppure scevro da qualunque disordine di comprensione. Non c'e alcuna difficolta nell'orientarsi nei fatti e nei luoghi, tutto pare semplicissimo quando la sua costruzione deve essere stata elaboratissima. Credo sia questo, il pregio degli scrittori davvero grandi: fare apparire facile, quasi alla portata di tutti, cio che invece e talmente difficile da essere alla portata creativa solo di pochi eletti.   Dal punto di vista contenutistico, ci troviamo davanti ad una delle piu poetiche storie mai raccontate, senza che ci sia, apparentemente, nessuna pretesa poetica. La poesia non e nell'uso di parole astruse o di musicalita raffinate, la poesia e nella capacita di far trasparire ogni sentimento da poche secche parole, che dicono molto piu di mille auliche descrizioni. Perche i sentimenti qui sono riportati alla realta umana, sono anzi immersi in una realta durissima che e quella dell'America degli immigrati, delle gang, della nascita della radio, del razzismo, della prostituzione, della criminalita organizzata divisa per gruppi. Non ci sono immense dichiarazioni sdolcinate: si cono cicatrici, e quelle cicatrici sono la dichiarazione piu grande. Ci sono parole volgari che volgari non sono mai, persone incapaci di mostrare cio che provano se non con i pugni sul tavolo e le parolacce - una cosa in cui mi ritrovo moltissimo.   Ed e una storia d'amore, anche se d'amore non si parla insistentemente. E immagino che siano cosi, le grandi storie d'amore: quelle che non hanno bisogno di dirti che sono storie d'amore perche lo capisci da te, quelle che l'amore alla fine non lo buttano violentemente in scena ma te lo fanno filtrare tra le righe finche capisci che in fondo tutta la storia, tutte le storie parlano d'amore.   Dell'amore di Cetta per suo figlio, la sua luce in una vita di violenza e miseria non vissuta pero mai nell'autocommiserazione ma in una forza interiore che e capacita di accettare imperterrita tutto cio che le accade; dell'amore di Sal, congelato nel suo senso di colpa per la morte del suo migliore amico, nella sua convinzione di non essere capace di far sesso in modo normale, nella sua paura che qualsiasi attaccamento lo indebolisca - cosa che infatti succede; dell'amore di Christmas per Ruth, trovata da bambino in una pozza di sangue quand'e ancora bambina anche lei, un amore che sopravvive per tutta la vita e che pure non ha nulla di idealizzato ne di melenso; dell'amore di Ruth per Christmas, represso a causa del trauma dello stupro e della paura che questo le piantera dentro, spingendola sino al tentativo di togliersi la vita; e poi dell'amore collettivo, della comunita nera che aiuta Christmas a costruire la radio clandestina, delle prostitute che lui ringrazia, facendo finalmente pace col passato di sua madre, persino dei gangsters che a modo loro imparano a rispettarlo, apparizioni importanti come quelle di qualche cantante noto.   Un ultimo plauso alla contestualizzazione storica, che indovinavamo accurata anche senza leggere i ringraziamenti dell'autore a fine libro: si capisce subito che non e fantasia, che sono riproduzioni fedeli del gergo di quell'epoca e di quella gente, uno spaccato di quegli anni ancora cosi vividi nelle nostre fantasie cinematografiche ma forse mai raccontati con tanto realismo e tanta precisione. Perche e anche un romanzo storico, a volerla dire tutta.   Ma benche io insegni la catalogazione dei generi letterari, non me la sento di ridurre questo libro ad un genere solo. Mi sento piuttosto di dire che e un grande libro, e che il genere glielo darete voi.   Se proprio devo catalogarlo, io lo catalogo come il libro che mi ha fatto crescere il cuore di tre taglie, come al Grinch, perche in fondo anche in questo libro c'e Christmas.
1f910aad3d9b811afff7a29e4563f324	critical	"From the opening scene I knew I was in for an exhilarating read--no sweet Austenesque romance here: ""By the time Will Darcy realized his mistake, it was already far too late. He stood hidden in the shade of an ancient oak tree, fingers gripping the rough bark as he watched the girl peel off her dress."" We watch the unknown woman as she disrobes and takes a skinny dip in a pond, the scene captured through Darcy's reactions as he remains frozen in place, hypnotized by what he sees. It is an emotional scene captured in kinetic language that drags the reader right into the heart of the story.   The setting for this re-visioning of the Pride and Prejudice story is South Carolina just after World War II. The Bennets own a large cotton farm, and Darcy's friend Charles Bingley has just bought a nearby property. All the usual characters are assembled, though some (especially Jane and Elizabeth Bennet's younger sisters) pass through leaving little trace. While all the familiar plot points are checked, however, Beau North has done a thorough job of rethinking who the characters might be in 1940s USA; so there are many surprises and revelations as the main plot unwinds.   Darcy and Elizabeth become attached much sooner in this version, and it requires a major plot twist to keep them apart till the end. Social issues are touched on (which I appreciate because it grounds the characters in time and space) and some of those issues play a crucial role in the lives of certain peripheral characters. Mr. and Mrs. Bennet are not as detached or as silly, respectively, as they are in the original. There is more passion (though only a little explicit sex) and more acting out than was possible in a story set in the early nineteenth century, which has the effect of magnifying the characters while not for the most part violating their essential natures. The recently ended war casts a long shadow over the action.   One major difference from the original pleased me less than it would most readers: the story is told from multiple points of view, so we have considerable exposure to the inner lives of several characters. Many readers like to hear Darcy's thoughts, but I tend to prefer him to be more of a mystery; and even noncentral characters get their chance to explain themselves.   I was very impressed by the energy and depth of this adaptation, and by the vigorous prose of the author. Beau North has created a gripping world and populated it with real people. The southeastern setting was richly realized (though I had a bit of trouble from time to time with the slang) and the manners felt era-appropriate. Altogether a very satisfying entry in the Austenesque category!"
b1da20774bc06e7cf47dd4d2dc8a8a62	neutral	This book had an incredibly slow start. I only picked this book up as part of a reading challenge, I picked it by its cover. It was not the normal style of novel I read, so that could be part of my distaste. If you like Victorian style novels, it might be enjoyable, however, I couldn't get passed the constant author intrusions and the amount of words used to describe a simple moment.
4de5af2793781301f39afd2545f33a5b	critical	Okay. I gave this book one star and I wish I could give it like negative five or something. Seriously.   I got this book out of the library on a whim - I mean hey, a biography, a Jewish teenage girl, AFTER the war? it looked good. But I was sorely disappointed . It was very harsh, and graphic, in its descriptions of what the Jews had to suffer in the camps, both hunger, sickness, and assault. Then even the girl's story, of going to school, and then living with a Swedish family, did not click with me. The girl is not an interesting character at all - she's very one dimensional, with hardly any explanation of her feelings or actions. Then there's the issue of her like seven and counting boyfriends. She gets uncomfortably intimate with several of them, but can't seem to satisfactorily sort out her actual feelings with each of them. It's very frustrating to read - even the ending doesn't seem right . . . she goes away to America, leaving behind the most persistent and deserving suitor, plus the wonderful Swedish family who have become all she cares about and I just really didn't like this book. Please, do yourself a favor and avoid this book.
09e22592bcda38f1894edc4b7277a9ca	neutral	"Several of the cover blurbs referred to this novel as ""evocative of Outlander, "" and that's true in that here again the heroine is torn beween two eras. But this is a more philosophical novel, concerning the themes of love, loss, guilt, and forgiveness.   I wouldn't say that I found the ending satisfying (given that I love my happily-ever-afters), but given the structure of the plot, any other resolution wouldn't have rung as true."
5c68169c1d59d0db15b011ae1278f35f	critical	I learned that Richard Armitage can do wonderful things with his voice when he has a mind to (I listened to the Naxox audiobook version of the story). Georgette Heyer's writing is just simply fun! Her descriptions are full of historical detail, both of scenery, movement and language, but really it's the perfect thing to listen to while walking to work in the morning. And Armitage has a wonderful sense of humor! Fotherby and young Tom, not to mention Sylvester's precocious nephew, just make me laugh out loud (even if I'm walking down the street while I'm listening).
b8e494a1c6e6213b265a470ea97f2ade	non-critical	"One of the easiest yet hardest books I ever read lately. Reason I say that is to start it is no problem, but when you get to the scenes where this young lady loses her hands, I had to close the book. I cried, I prayed, I didn't want to go no further, but felt I had to if not for the sake of this young woman who took the time and effort to write all about it. My heart went out to her and I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this book to all out here. Especially the ""sistahs"" out there who have a heart. And when you do read it, say a prayer and thank the Lord for your life in spite of any hardships you may have at present. You may check out what she's doing at her website http://mariatufoundation.com/ It took me a couple of hours, but I'll never forget it."
0a97feb78ed167ec6df19c6d2be7a05f	non-critical	Started out better than it finished. I could have done without the romantic subplot between Kestrel and Sally Stokes. As sidekicks, they work, as love interests, they did not. Ross was good with dialogue and lower class English dialects, enough so that I was surprised to learn she was an American. Sad to read she died of cancer only a few years after becaming a published author.
81262226efe7ac4da266a0b07f7bceed	non-critical	This was a pretty fun read, and surprisingly well written (I say, admitting I didn't expect much from Madison, which was my own fault). She's funny, smart, and well-spoken, and definitely has an interesting story to tell. I really admired her long-term motivation to succeed, even if her path was a little seedy. I used to love Girls Next Door so it's very interesting to hear the story behind the show and how controlling and emotionally abusive/manipulative Hef was to his girls. Not a must-read but a good one for a long drive or a day at the beach.
8cbdcee8b8a0065ef47363b38cd9435e	very non-critical	4.5 stars
cdb2ba16e805deda4db1f6d75bd74d60	very non-critical	Loved it!
4266a380f491e8a0aa8655dd9a937945	non-critical	Wow, it was really sad reading this for the first time. Of course, I've seen the movie by Jonathan Demme that is essentially a live reading of this, and I've seen The Killing Fields, the movie Gray had a role in that is the basis of this monologue. Of course, Gray went on to drown himself later and it made for a very melancholy re-engagement with this book, which is a very funny and wise and self-lacerating take on the meaning of all things and nothing.
563a5b503bdf9f4eda279947d91d02b4	very critical	"Review originally posted at http://fictionvixen.com/review-the-ge...   Blurb:   ""An imprisoned heart finds escape in forbidden love. ""   No pride. No privacy. No hope.   Academic John Gilliam thought being caught embracing another man was the worst that could happen. Until he agrees to ""treatment"" at an asylum, where a vicious attack leaves him shaken and afraid.   But having all means of writing or reading taken from him... ""That"" is a serious threat to his sanity. Then a moment of kindness from an asylum attendant begins to restore his dignity.   Sam Tully feels sorry for the patient everyone calls ""the professor,"" but with a back injury that cost him his job on the docks-and without the education that would have bettered his position-he tries to keep his head down, and a tight lid on his attraction to men.   As John prays for freedom, he grows closer to the gentle, innately intelligent Tully. In spite of themselves, forbidden attraction leads to touches, kisses, and more. But there's something other than curative treatments going on at the asylum. When John and Tully uncover a heinous conspiracy, their very lives are in danger.   Warning: Contains heinous crimes and frightening treatments-oh, and some sweet and loving sexy times between two healthy, not-crazy men.   As you can tell from the above blurb this is not a feel good, happy romance. By any stretch of the imagination. John is a patient in an asylum trying to ""cure"" himself of his perverse thoughts and deviant behavior. In other words he was caught in a compromising position with another man by his father. Tully is one of the attendants at the asylum and takes pity on John's circumstances and offers a bit of tenderness and compassion.   The reader is introduced to John after he's already been hospitalized for quite a while and has fallen into a depression thinking he is never going to escape the hell he finds himself in. He's already been moved from one asylum after being sexually assaulted and now finds himself stuck in a world of cold baths, straight jackets and barren rooms. As an academic the worst part of his stay is having no mental stimulation and his pens, paper and books taken away from him. Tully offers to bring him these things on his off time and the two slowly develop a friendship. Their romance moves slowly, as it should since it almost completely takes place behind the walls of such a dark, terrible place. Every single time John and Tully finally find some way to connect I was afraid of what would happen if they were found out. Their romance and forming tenderness for each other was sweet and is more about feeling a sense of connection with another person than sex.   Tully is a big brute of a man who hurt his back while working on the docks and found work as an attendant in the hospital. He's not well-educated and doesn't have refined manners, but he's kind and gentle and only wants to help the residents where he works. He suffers from the same affliction as John, but is careful not to let his desire for the male form show. The more he gets to know John, the more he thinks that there is no reason for him to be in the hospital. In fact, he starts to think that their attractions aren't really wrong at all. His doubt quickly turns to curiosity over the odd behavior of a few of the other employees in the hospital which all leads to this couple uncovering a dangerous secret.   I think the saddest part of this book was that the reader can easily imagine these things taking place. The authors obviously did a very good job researching and I found myself closing my eyes and getting that tight feeling in my chest every time I thought of these men being put through such painful, terrible ""treatments'. It makes me sick to think these things might have actually happened.   Like I said above, this is not a happy romance. It's very dark and sad and I had no small amount of anxiety while reading. I wasn't even sure how John and Tully could possibly end up together. Their HEA is hard-won, but seemed a little too easy after the overwhelming sense of bleakness throughout the rest of the book. Maybe if it were a little longer instead of jumping into the future two years.   Not my favorite from this duo, but still a well written historical. Final Grade- C+/B-   Favorite Quote:   In the most unlikely of places, John had discovered a kindred spirit and more moments of happiness than he ever would have imagined."
2ab0ca96d76c446acbe795b3bca0205c	non-critical	Great book & funny, but I could've done without so much name dropping on every page..
44aaf5944d1c9d3a1af4a455364de2f8	very non-critical	Amazing.
80e0f940a9b7175cbb322cef8f06a383	non-critical	An excellent narrative account of the regicides but adds little to our existing knowledge and rarely moves beyond narrative into analysis
f45613f330ef6074ce930bf67f153914	neutral	We are now 9 books into the Whyborne & Griffin series and the books are still getting better and better. There are times when you can feel that a series should come to a conclusion, because the same things happen again and again. That is not the case with the WHyborne & Griffin series. There is so much life left in these books, I don't want to imagine an ending. EVER.   One of the reasons for that is that Jordan L. Hawk manages to add amazing twists and turns in every book that have far-reaching consequences for the story, the characters and how they see the world. If I look back at book one and what has happened since for these characters I have come to love, it is mind boggling. The game has changed again and again, yet all the parts readers love are still there. The twists and turns keep the story fresh and readers on their toes. Nothing is or stay long as it seems and it is so much fun to theorize about what will happen next.   The heart of the series are the wonderful characters we have come to love and that is one aspect that never changes, even as they or our perception of them does not stay the same.   There are three couples at the center of things: Whyborne and Griffin, Christine and Iskander as well as Miss. Parkhurst and Persephone (the newest couple).   Whyborne and Griffin, as main characters of this series, have experienced so much horror and pain that it is incredible to see their bond as strong as ever. The two men, now husbands in everything but law, have such a deep connection that NOTHING can rip them appart. Their affection and love is pure and indestructible, even after everything that has been revealed about the two men and the difficult choices they had to make.   Christine and Iskander's love has been a wonderful addition since book four. In the beginning I did not know if Iskander was there to stay, but I am glad he did, because Christine deserves someone like him and it makes me glad to see her happy. Even though their relatinship is very solid and beautiful and may be ready for the next step, there are still new things that can be explored about their past - especially with Iskander.   My perception of Miss Parkhurst changed the most over the course of the books. She was a tiny side character with a crush for Whyborne in the beginning, but after the wonderful F/F novella Undertow, it is impossible for me not to see her courageous heart and loyalty. Her connection with Whyborne's sister Persephone not only pushes the boundaries of society, but also breaks the boundaries between species. Persephone may look like a monster with razor sharp teeth, tentacles and orca skin, but while not quite human, she is a person with a strong heart filled with love. She is a true warrior, but her affection for Miss Parkhurst make her feel more 'human'. She really sees Maggie in a way her brother never did.   There are so many balls in the air going into this 9th book that in most series I would doubt the author was capable of juggling them all. But Jordan L. Hawk has earned my trust by never dropping a single one. We have the masters coming soon, with limited information abut who or what they are beyond their god-like powers and their ill-intent. We have the Maelstrom as rebellious entity connected to Whyborne and his sister and the entire town, We have the Fideles trying to prepare the world for the masters, we have the Endicotts who see Percival and Persephone as monsters and humans as collateral damage, We have the cult-like librarians, the Ketoi in their underwater kingdom and the mother of shadows looking after her children in her dark cave.   All of it, everything that has happened, is important for this book, especially as Whyborne and his friends prepare for the masters and the end of the world they might bring. Fighting these god-like creatures from the outside won't be easy and they can't do it alone. As powerful as Percival Whyborne has gotten from his first stumbling spells to being able to tap into the maelstrom for powerful sorcery, he never feels overpowered. All things considered, his knowledge about the unnatural world seems very limited in comparison to some of the more experienced people he meets on his journey. This fight is too big to fight alone or even with just his inner circle of friends, courageous as they might be.   I loved seeing so many threads come together in this book. The author has woven them together artfully to form something new and beautiful. If you love this series, you know you CAN NOT MISS this book (and truthfully, I hope you did not miss the wonderful F/F novella Undertow, either). The Whyborne & Griffin series is my favorite ongoing book series by one of my top 5 favorite authors and this latest entry is pure perfection for me. A MUST BUY! <3
e8d4107810e9d12a33e71452a09b9a7b	very non-critical	1940s
94d8f74b953b3bd9cf1765d00e2a762a	very non-critical	Beautifully written and wonderfully melancholic.
07a38f563e9f451dacff06fde27a7906	non-critical	This book was really good. I learned some new things about Tori that I didn't know and learned the truth about things I thought I knew. I've always like her. I think the book is good at accurately portraying her. She points out things that aren't so flattering and her description of her and Dean's relationship is amazing and they are beyond a doubt, soulmates. I recommend this book to both fans or Tori's and those that don't like her. It is a very insightful read.
cdfaee1e68d1aadbec69acf782d9c791	critical	This historical novel promised to be right up my alley, but while it is an interesting book, it wasn't a page turner. It certainly succeeds in vividly describing suffocating harem life, though the portrayal is so relentlessly negative I found myself questioning it . The sources consulted by the author are all by Westerners. While women of that time and place were confined and oppressed, I found myself wondering whether their situation was uniformly so bad, or if it was the view of the few Westerners who observed it.   The plot revolves around treacherous harem politics, certainly full of tension but the tension sometimes fades in pages of dialog. There are two points of view: the kidnapped Helen's and that of the dwarf Microphilus. I'm at a loss as to why Helen's point of view is rendered in the third person, while Microphilus speaks to us in first person. He becomes the more interesting character by far, reminiscent of Tyrion Lannister from Game of Thrones with his world-weariness and his impossible love for Helen.   It would have been interesting to know if there are any Moroccan sources in translation that discuss Helen Gloag's story, and if so, how they saw her.   For comparison, I recommend Sofia by Ann Chamberlin, about an Italian woman, roughly contemporary with Helen Goag, who was kidnapped and rose to power in the Ottoman Sultan's harem.
e08fc400a55f5769fa83eb88b6b9baac	very non-critical	This book took me a few tries to get into but once it got going it was actually a good story. I vacillated between loving the main character and wanting to slap her for not getting a job.
74c2b6665231dfeb7169cec8bd85c9ef	critical	Zoe Saadia continues to impress with her historical novels. From the first chapter, Ms. Saadia puts you right into the Tepanec Capital and springs you into the action of the novel. I had a moment's pause, worrying that the delicious characters from the first book were gone, only to be thrilled that not only are they there but even more brilliant characters have been added. Rich in history, the novel lets you feel, smell and live this ancient time while thrilling you with a tangled political story, full of intrigue and action. The weapons and battles are authentic, the characters strong, vivid and believable and the action leaves you ducking obsidian swords. Thank you for continuing the series and I look forward to the next book which is already in my kindle.
b2c68a8eee370978d1bbd0672b406ad7	non-critical	Very much the Victorian mystery. I felt that a major part of the book was repetition but the ending was a surprise. Not who I expected at all.
02c0c5ebc7f03f11cef793eab2d6c4bb	non-critical	I am soooo obsessed with this book. It was amazing and I am so glad that I read it.
3738d5e3a17be1831c8b5725f198bddd	very non-critical	Yorkshire - 1815   Fiona Amberley lives with her grandmother after the deaths of her parents four years ago. Fiona isn't fond of Christmas. Her real love is archeology. She has recently discovered some Roman ruins under the trees in the apple orchard at her grandmother's home, Cloudbridge Castle. Fiona loves her grandmother very much but she knows that her time looking for these treasures is limited. Her grandmother is gravely ill and not expected to live much longer. When her grandmother passes away, the property will go to her arrogant Uncle Seymour who is opposed to any digging on the grounds. Fiona is frustrated because she believes that a vast number of artifacts are buried there that will give great insight as to how we have changed over the centuries.   Fiona's cousin, Madeleine, is always chastising Fiona for getting herself dirty by digging and tells her that she will never find a husband that way. But Fiona doesn't want a husband. In fact, several years ago, she invented a fiancee she calls Captain Knightley, whom she says went away to fight in the war. Another reason for her fantasy fiancee is that she does not want her grandmother to worry about what will happen to her when she's gone. The pressure from the family to finally meet her fiancee makes Fiona add yet another lie and says her fiancee has returned and will be at the Castle within a week to attend Madeleine's Christmas Ball. So, between trying to find as many artifacts as she can and worrying how she will produce a fiancee, Fiona is in a tizzy.   Percival Carmichael, the seventh Duke of Alfriston, is riding in his coach just as a large branch has fallen in the road. In his possession, he has the jewels of his family that he is taking to his home. On her way to her dig site, Fiona sees the branch and hears the approaching coach. Yelling to get the coach to stop before there is an accident, Percival and the driver think she is a female highwayman. Playing along with their assumption, Fiona declares that she is called the Scarlet Demon. The driver flees but Percival cannot run. He was injured in the war and has a wooden leg. Fiona takes advantage of the situation, grabbing the jewels and taking Percival as her prisoner. Her goal is to make him pose as her fiancee for a few days and then promises to let him go and return the jewels to him.   Thus begins an adventure that brings Percival and Fiona together. Fiona is a very strong personality but, unfortunately, Percival is a bit of a wimp. I had hoped to see a stronger character in him. The story is a good one and there is lots of humor. I enjoyed it immensely and know other readers will as well - by Zeus!!   Copy provided by the publisher via NetGalley
659264892e4b576f8f232cacb3a77676	non-critical	such an interesting book. very much worth my time and it got me back into history. so many interesting facts
3555bda5473149fc4ec6cb9061189fca	non-critical	Such a deep read. I was exhausted when I finished as if I had been holding my breath through all of the journeys made toward freedom for both of the main characters. The author's notes regarding her reason and research for writing this book were great! I listened to this book and it was a great audible book!
799410aa09689540a73208d71f6aed8b	neutral	qr@ fy ktb : ls`wdy@ syr@ dwl@ wmjtm` l`bdl`zyz lkhDr   bkhtSr shdyd .. w`l~ `ks m f`lh lktb fy ktbh mn twthyq mfSl jdan `n wq` lHl ls`wdy tHdth lktb `n kl m ymkn 'n yjdhb lhtmm fym yt`lq blmjtm` wldwl@ km hw `nwn ktbh mn 'ym lmlk `bdl`zyz wHt~ 'ym lmlk `bdllh .. lHdyth lmfSl shml jwnb lm 'kn tkhyl 'n lktb ldyh qw@ fy ltwthyq fyh Ht~ nh dhkr b`D lnkt lty trsl fy ljwl Hwl mwDy` m`yn@ , wmntdyt lntrnt fy nhy@ lts`ynt wdhkr tqryban 'kthr mn 250 shkhSy@ mtnw`@ Twl hdhh lsnwt wqtbs jz mn mqlt `dyd@ lt`br `n wq` lHl wtHdyth `n lsysy@ , lqtSd , lmjtm` , ltyrt ldyny@ , ltyrt lfkry@ , l`lm , ltnmy@ .. mrs lktb qdran mtwznan mn lmnTqy@ wlHyd fy tnwlh llmwDw`t .. Hynm qr't ktb styfn lkrw zmn lSHw@ '`jbt bh wb`d qr@ hdh lktb ktshft 'n ktb styfn hw fSl fy hdh lktb lmwsw`y ldhy j fy 880 SfH@ wy`dl thlth@ ktb .. lhdh stTy` n qwl b'n lktb lm yd` shyy'an ymkn ktbth l wwD`h fy lktb .. b`D l'jz knt Gyr mhm@ blnsb@ wtjwzth sry`an l'nh knt tHtwy `l~ mjrd srd `dy lwqy'` Gyr dht 'hmy@ mqrn@ bl'Hdth l'khr~ ..   mlHwZty lmhm@ lty l 'r~ sbban wjyhan l`dm tTrq lktb lh hw 'n `bdl`zyz lkhDr 'yDan Hwl lhrwb mn lt`rD lltjrb@ lshy`y@ fy lmshrk@ lsysy@ wlm`rD@ lkhrjy@ wHt~ `l~ lS`yd ljtm`y km f`l styfn lkrw fkyf ystTy` hw'l ktb@ kl hdh lkm mn lm`lwmt dwn ltTrq llmwDw` lshy`y fy lmmlk@ .. fym ykhS `bdl`zyz lkhDr `tqd n hdh nb` mn `dm mtb`th llsh'n lshy`y wtkhSSh fyh rbm nZran lHl@ lqTy`@ lty knt `l~ 'shdh byn lshy`@ fy lmnTq@ lshrqy@ wbqy@ mnTq lmmlk@ wsysy@ ltmyyz lTy'fy lwDH@ wlty 'khrt fy ndmj lshy`@ fy lwTn .. lkn lktb lm yshr l~ dhlk SrH@ bl ql b'n hdhh ltjrb@ tHtj l~ ktb@ 'khr~ w'tmn~ 'n yqwm bf`l dhlk Hqan n kn ldyh m yqwm bktbth mn wjh@ nZr shkhS `sh kl hdhh ltjrb@ lthry@ fy hdhh lHqb@ lmlyy'@ bl'Hdth .. khSwSan wn ltjrb@ lshy`y@ wjdt mn ktb `nh 'mthl Hmz@ lHsn w`dl llbd wfw'd brhym wlsyd `ly bqr l`wmy blDf@ l~ ktbt trykhy@ llmslm wakhryn Hwl lmnTq@ mm l y`jz lktb 'n ykhrj bktbt tt`lq bhdh ljnb
e7ede757192535c860ec00826386f1e9	neutral	It was my first Dickens, it was not my last. It was summer in Chicago and I was surrounded by lovely albeit unruly children. Oh dear, it was a struggle at times, watching three kids while my wife and their mother were in the city. Still I finished the novel over a long afternoon without drugging my charges.   It is a story of sacrifice, maybe of redemption. I felt for everyone, zealots and drunkards alike. The concluding scaffold scene engendered tears, it has to be admitted. Is there a better novel about the French Revolution, its aspirations and its contradictions?
83a75ed7e3bf580731a0fd268bf46a57	non-critical	This book is meticulously researched, it merits five stars in that respect. It is everything you could possibly want to know about this painting and then some. And then some more. And then a bunch MORE. Probably 80% of it is not about the actual painting, but the life stories of its owners and general history of their time, any artist influenced by it or Van Eyck in general, anyone who bought a postcard of it at the National Gallery, oh wait, I exaggerate, but at times it seemed like that. If you really feel the need to know that the Duke of Burgundy hung it in the upstairs left hallway of Pockenpooken Manor in 1741, or whatever, I made that up, by all means, read away, you will be fascinated. Otherwise, just go with the Wikipedia entry. It contains DETAIL PHOTOS, which this book did not, a curious omission.
ce6391e7bff2ca206ab72a57070da30e	very non-critical	What a beautifully written story!
8f024861f140580e6e005984de8d7ecd	non-critical	A friend let me borrow this book with a glowing recommendation, and I am glad I took it on. I loved the book. I vaguely recall watching The Thirteenth Warrior movie back in the day. Reading the inspiration for it almost makes me want to revisit the film. Almost. Honestly, the book was so good that I would rather leave well enough alone and remember the text inspired movie in my own head as I recall the tale. This is a top recommendation from me, so you folks get to it!
07e39ffa1fc210b986a22f85f24d64ae	non-critical	Just read the section on Mexicans for research.
8217f20cf5dc32ff6c5542dd89753f6f	non-critical	I'm still not sure what all the fuss is about. Maybe I would have enjoyed it more reading it, rather than listening. The audio was just so long! My friends tell me the next one is much better so I may give it a try.
6e91bfad65da9bf4a19a6cbe9c8b936c	neutral	ytmyz lktb bnql Hy@ lmsyH bslwb rwy'y shyq b`yd `n lsrd..mn khll qS@ lmsyH ymknk 'n t`rf bbsT@ n stkhdm lshry`@ 'w lnmws ltHqyq marb shkhSy@ lys jdyd `l~ lbshry@..dy'm ytklmwn bsm llh qbl 'n yZlmw wyqtlw wy`ythw fy l'rD fsd wmn y`trD fhw y`trD `l~ shry`@ llh.. fqd qutl yhwdh shbyh lmsyH bsm lshry`@ ..
74880fb6d08ba911e1c634dce7adc6f6	non-critical	Love this book. Love it. Love it. Love it.   The book itself is beautiful, and the pages are filled with beautiful words. Three characters(I loved them for their differences) with three stories, and how they all interconnect. I found myself gasping at certain moments, relieved at others, and by the end the book left me with a happy warm feeling. I don't think I'll ever forget this book, and I'm so glad I read it.
5e7caa1fd827dbcde324d4889c302582	very non-critical	"From the jacket, ""The remarkable story of Helen Keller and Annie Sullivan has captured the hearts and imaginations of children - and adults - for more than a century. Now comes a gorgeous picture book, with excepts from Annie's own letters, that provides the perfect introduction to this brilliant student and her extraordinary teacher."""
cc497db6f2ac3475d47fd178a399e6a8	very critical	Heartbreaking but hopeful....... I was lucky enough to win this book on First Reads, but I would gladly pay to purchase it. It is about the Israeli/Palestinian 'conflict' and told from the perspective of a Palestinian. From the opening, heart-wrenching chapter, I was hooked. It demanded to be read, and I complied, carrying it in my purse to steal moments to read, staying up late into the night knowing that I would be sleep deprived the next day, but not caring because I needed to 'read that next chapter'. It is about Ichmad, a brilliant boy living in Palestine during the war. It is about his family, ripped to pieces and struggling to survive, as so many are during war. These people jumped off the page and into my life. I cared about them, cheered for them, wept with/for them. Read this book, you won't be disappointed!
d09f9702bdaee0170beafae691af620f	very critical	"The Chalice of Blood is the first book I have read in the Sister Fidelma series and there are so many that came before! It won't be my last. I like the way Tremayne writes the character of Sister Fidelma. Some Goodreads reviewers seem very annoyed or put off by her, but I kept thinking about the TV series ""Bones"". Sister Fidelma is like Bones, logical and focused while she is putting the puzzle pieces of the mystery together. When she is annoyed by something or someone, she has very good reason for it.   The story developed very slowly, but about 2/3 into it, things really started to happen and I was very engaged and could not put it down. Did I ever enjoy this book!   Within the structure of a mystery novel, it describes the history of books and their treasured status when they were so hard to come by and painstakingly produced. The story surrounds the work of Celsus, The True Word, a book that no longer exists, except as excerpts in Origen's volume refuting Celsus' premise that Christians are ridiculous. (You can tell by the subtle twinkle in Fidelma's eye that she maybe thinks that Celsus was right.) This ""heretical"" book and so many others were systematically destroyed by the Church. The time period of The Chalice of Blood shows the 7th century transition of the Catholic church with its acceptance of local customs, to the Roman influence and extremism which completely redefined the Church. Discourse and debate were squelched, and it is staggering the amount of wisdom and thought that has been suppressed. Books that are gone forever.   I feel so fortunate to have such effortless and inexhaustible access to writers and their words. I am always very interested to find and read ""banned books"". I made a conscious decision to encourage my son to read whatever he wanted and when he asked to read Papillon when he was in the fourth grade, I let him and told him to come to me if he had any questions. Boy did he have questions! ""Mom, what's an anus?...Oh so that's where he hid his money!""   I can see how conservative Catholics may read this book and be put off by the centrist perspective as it pertains to the historical influence of the Catholic church. But the book may broaden the mind and make one question the politics of how things were decided and defined as the church went forward, and ponder how different things would be if another direction had been chosen. I think if you like the new pope, Pope Francis, you will probably like this book."
3288df32b52e62efb206de4eb7a2001e	neutral	Hyvin kirjoitettu ja vahva tarina.
d9b8926807fe53bb82ba254959d66909	neutral	Too long, and a little repetitive. Still, fabulous characters and fascinating dilemmas.
8d25a4a17e5a62d7d01a5fb7cd746382	non-critical	I loved the characters (both past and present) as well as the imagery of France and Italy. A very good read.
13acb7ebc4c86197fd90569849f8790b	neutral	This book was a great read for my flight home from my sister. I especially enjoyed the descriptions of Paris in 1919.
019847bf3a6b40ad5eb7c339c5ecba33	non-critical	I learned a lot of tidbits about Steve Jobs I never knew. I can't say I loved the illustrations but I did learn quite a bit.
50188b09e221b4e59d28e20cb7bf4b53	neutral	Nicely written   This book takes you into a time of horrible crimes against people who were Jews or not perfect in the eyes of Germany.. It was written with heartfelt desire for you to witnesses these crimes against humanity... I enjoyed the story as it played out..A very good read.
fa22dfb0bed5b49c8a731551aa133216	very critical	"This book was amazingly well-written. I thought the story-telling was masterfully done, the main character was a great role model for girls everywhere, and all of the characters seemed like people to me. And yet... Although it had good characters, and great writing, and certainly wrings the heart, it was lacking something for me. I finished it and went, ""My God, that was horrifyingly sad. Poor... everyone!"" And then i went on with my day just the same, aside from feeling emotionally wiped-out. As good as it was, I would have liked it to leave me thinking. Everything that it had to say - and it said a lot of good things, about the Germans being people too, and about the power of words - it said pretty straightforwardly. There were no untied thoughts at the end for me to fiddle around with and think about. I never thought I would complain about this, but I felt like it all tied up too neatly. I would have loved this book six or seven years ago, back when I could spend all evening breaking my heart over Sirius Black and James Potter bullying poor Severus Snape, but at this point I demand a little bit more from my books, and although a lot of people want to say that this book doesn't deserve the YA rating, for me it definitely does. This book does a spectacular job of making people feel - definitely five stars on that count. Six if i had them - and the writing is wonderfully jagged and the structure (and narrator) thoughtful and well-chosen - they get five stars too - but I wanted my ideas hidden deeper, where I could dig them out, so as a purely personal preference, this book only gets three stars, although it probably deserves five, if only I were less exacting from my literature."
e545c0cf71ef4d4ba84d6f78da020e0e	non-critical	3.5 Stars. I enjoyed this entire series, learning more of medieval Scotland and William Wallace. This was my least favorite of the three, but I still enjoyed it.   Rated M - steamy romance, language
afa3aaa1fdc9f0b015e22aa4c7336837	critical	"As a product of the ""Two Coreys"" era, I was drawn to this book. I'll admit that my interest was purely for entertainment value. I was surprised to actually find a halfway decent memoir. Feldman writes about his horrible parents, on set experiences (The Goonies included!!!), drugs, molestation, more drugs, and more. Tough topics aren't glossed over in this book and he doesn't try to hide the names of others involved. It was quick read even with the dark subject matter. Overall, I was surprised by this book - I liked it for more than just the shock value."
e81a95373df7e1f91b3c985177d9db49	very non-critical	3 1/2. Nice little inspirational historical fiction, centered on village life.
83c6d0b681daca44bf3e4b6013a7b90c	neutral	LAS HORAS DISTANTES
a66160409eccda9ec7b7352e57633c9a	very non-critical	After being deserted by an unfaithful mother, Richard doesn't trust women easily. But his future is safe as he has an understanding with faithful Leticia, and he plans to propose to her soon.   Elizabeth is an illegitimate daughter of the Duke of Pemberton, but has been raised as his legitimate daughter - but because of her parentage, she has been abused by the Duchess. So when charming Tristan pays her attention, she easily falls to his charms and is caught kissing him at a house party. Her father, the Duke, demands that Richard (the titled elder brother) marry his daughter.   So neither one is excited about marrying the other, and they both definitely have trust issues, but it was a fun ride watching them work it all out and learn to trust each other. I liked this book so much that I immediately started reading the second book in this series.   Content: Clean   Source: Amazon.com
b1aad28b706c3c30fcd3168c714aa101	critical	I don't usually recommend the audio over the printed version of a book, but an exception must be made in this case. The full power of this memoir is expressed through Johnny Depp's amazing range of character and through Keith Richards' warmth and humor. For example, the inevitable breakup with Anita Pallenberg after decades of mutually self destructive behavior is amazingly touching, a fact that the printed word could not possibly convey. There is more than just rock band gossip here. The roots of the band, their amazing musicianship, their reverence for blues of all kinds and how they could adapt the sound, not to mention their continued fascination after almost 50 years. Here is a musician truly in love with his profession who is not afraid to present himself warts and all, who comes out the other side as remarkably kind, brilliant and generous. The reading is so fluid that I'd reach the end of a disc surprised that so much time had elapsed. Not since Jim Dale's recordings of the Harry Potter books have I enjoyed an audio book so much.
0428358f6cabfb3113457d84949d8fb3	neutral	Mail-order bride Rebecca Ramsey arrives in Cottonwood Springs, New Mexico only to find that her groom, Jesse Cole, has been killed. US Marshal, Seth Billings, made a promise to Jesse to look after Rebecca. Rebecca has no money and no reason to return to her home in Maryland, so the offer of a job as housekeeper and cook for the marshal is just what she needs. As Rebecca begins to fall for the gentle marshal she senses that he is holding a secret from her. Will Seth open his heart up enough to share the secret his holding? And what will Rebecca do when she learns the truth behind Jesse's death?   I loved reading this book. I got home late Friday evening and was already over halfway with the book and before I knew it, it was 1 am and not only was the book finished, but I had to be up early to get ready to head to my Mary Kay Career Conference. The characters are very relaxing. I loved how both Seth and Rebecca depended on their faith. When Seth's secret is shared, Rebecca doesn't react the way that Seth thought. But she still needed time to process her thoughts.   I look forward to reading more set in the little town of Cottonwood Springs. At least I hope that there are more.   This book is due out in May 2012.
0bf4bd492cae7e9795a026087d9444b8	very non-critical	167 - 2017
e9816f6e80ad317e403159aa38580b47	critical	"Ok, my nan gave me this book to pass to my godmother. However I thought I might read it before passing it on.   This type of book didn't appeal to me at first but, I shocked myself as I read the first couple of pages I was hooked and struggled to put it down as it was so good.   Ok for some of you are probably wondering who Dame Vera Lynn is like I did, Well she used to sing to the army and this is an extrodinary autobiography. The story takes us through the changing popular music scene in Britain in the 20th Century, the war years and her difficult tour of the Far East, the busy decades following, and her gradual ""retirement"".   I have now relaised after reading this book how interesting it is to read the book, I am going to find more books like this to read."
87214e97199eec88699c80070a833303	neutral	"I enjoyed this book. It tells history in a pleasant-to-read way. The only shortcoming is that it became too long. The map that gave America its name was the Waldseemuller (with an umlaut over the o) map that was published 1520-ish. The author could have stopped the narrative, there. This book provoked me to read ""The Travels of Sir John Mandeville"" and led me to reassess the value of the world map we use today. It has other things for other readers. Enjoy!"
2f45629d988a0dd0636f70409e188f11	very non-critical	Amusing memoir. Bourdain gives his take on the reality of working in a commercial kitchen, and it aint what you see on the food network.   Brutal hours, pain management and environments so anti-pc that they dont even try. Better love it if you want to be in the back.
d7fa8dd1965f1c5069d20cb894ab0dc7	very non-critical	For the second time around, I still manage to fall in love with this classic. :)
fd446ed0449feb95819b00f98d164cca	non-critical	Interesting, but repetitive in spots and dragged a bit in others. But, a quick read.
2aab8a58668f49ef4b2c31440a580dd6	very non-critical	A wonderful book, with breathtaking visual images.
cc77cbc21a451d16b403987a4484feb9	neutral	Part autobiography and part advice book. It's a fun read! Don't expect a hard business book with concrete steps on how to launch a business. It's rather motivational and shows the author's determination to succeed.
b42615691d4aecb6bbc919e4e7d280db	very non-critical	The first of the Assassin's Creed series. I am fascinated with the cloak and dagger games played out in the name of religion.   I enjoyed reading this book and intend to make my way through the rest of the series. The history behind the Order of the Assassins has me intrigued to want to read on.
ddbb3ce9b43a9ed23d3a7d6d920f5e69	critical	Although interesting in that the Underground Railroad took a physical form, I felt like I was removed from the story the whole time. I never quite knew what Cora was thinking..lord anyone for that matter. Now that may be Colson Whitehead's style, but it's certainly not my favourite to read. I don't profess to be a masochist, but I wanted to understand what they were feeling and I didn't get that from this book.
661eeee36e5268ac9e71439db6a9019d	neutral	khwTr ktbh lsb`y blG@ ry'`@, Hkm wt'mlt , knt 'fkr kyf tkhtSr lHy@ lsTwr bhdh lshkl lmHrD `l~ lt'ml , qr'th sbq fy mrHl@ mkhtlf@ mn `mry wlm ykn lh t'thyr kbyr `lyW, wfy ftr@ qryb@ 'rslt ly Sdyq@ rsl@ knt mqtbs@ mn lktb l'mr lmHrD `l~ nfD lGbr `nh wl`wd@ lsTwrh fkrt b`d lnth mnh t'kdt b'n lkl mrHl@ mn `mr lnsn lktb lmnsb@ lh wrbm tZlm ktb dh m Sdfnh fy mrHlth lmnsb@ stmt`t bsTwrh, wfkrt kthyr b`d akhr SfHth.
fca9b6f93892671a5f642663332b23d7	very non-critical	Perfect summer reading. Fun subject matter, good storytelling and interesting characters. Enjoyed it he latest addition to the Pink Carnation series.
71cf902eda8e1d66bb0e9579ffcc6668	neutral	Este libro es impresionante. Extraordinario. Magistralmente escrito. Un thriller historico escrito como las capas de una cebolla. Hay mucho mas de lo que es aparente a la vista. Nosotros, como los contemporaneos de Rody Macrae somos manipulados por la inteligencia del protagonista y del autor. El autor es un verdadero genio. No puedo imaginarme que novela le gano a esta el premio Man Booker. Me quito el sombrero ante este escoces. !Que cosas!
f4d66518c63085947a34d4284017541d	very critical	This was a quick and easy read, and a return for me to this genre after quite a long break (for which I blame The Promestheus Deception).   Based in Berlin in the run-up to WW2, the protagonist is an English journalist with a German ex-wife and son, who is approached by the Soviets to write some pro-Nazi pieces. This attracts the attention of the German and British security services.   The characters were likeable, the story moved along well, and it educated me to the extent of propaganda against the Jews long before war was declared.   It wasn't mind-blowing, but I want to read more in the series, so that's good enough for me!
9224c6f8c0988a00964f01cb54c697be	non-critical	Laugh-out- loud hilarious and witty while also being perceptive and thoughtful. I loved it.
5f235fb051339b73a356291d98831586	critical	** spoiler alert **   I wanted to love this book and say it's amazing and all of that, but the story is just too unbelievable on so many levels. The beginning was interesting, as I'd never read a book about slavery going all the way back to the kidnapping of Africans. After that, the story strayed way too much from every other account from that period I've ever read. I mean she was taught to read, her husband managed to find her multiple times all over the new world, and then her long lost daughter finds her on the streets of London about twenty years after they were separated in Nova Scotia. This is my second Lawrence Hill book and I haven't loved either.
4ed8b5f801b3d1cd672e77da460ef623	non-critical	The book Nick S. recommends reading above any other. Not sure when I will ever get to it, but here it is on my ginormous to-read list for when me and my to-read list get trapped on a desert island.
66e438ccd41dc9388d64264da480fb8f	non-critical	Amazing and interesting facts, left me wanting to get all the other books and buy a magazine subscription.
2bf698944eda395c541abf8461c2c8e5	non-critical	"Review of audiobook version of this exciting Regency romance novel narrated by Emma Newman   I am posting this audiobook review using the format that Audible recommends:   Overall: 5 stars   Performance: 5 stars   Story: 5 stars   Q. If you were to make a film of this book, what would the tag line be?   A. A beautiful aristocrat must wed by her 25th birthday in order to inherit a fortune under the terms of her father's will. With the deadline only days away, in desperation, she makes a mad marriage bargain with an impoverished officer dying of wounds from the Battle of Waterloo, but her presumed immediate widowhood becomes instead a marriage in fact when her convenient husband inconveniently recovers.   Q. What was one of the most memorable moments of The Bargain?   A. I enjoyed the entire course of this highly entertaining ""marriage of convenience"" plot. The heroine is strong and dynamic, and the hero is intelligent, compassionate, and both physically and ethically strong.   Q. What does Emma Newman bring to the story that you wouldn't experience if you just read the book?   A. For a novel to work well as an audiobook, two factors are essential: (1) It must be exceptionally well written in order to thrive beneath the intense scrutiny of being read out loud at a quarter of the speed it would take a reader to read the book silently to herself. The Bargain definitely passes that test. (2) The narrator must be a very good performer, able to convincingly portray every kind of character, from old to young, male or female, and often different nationalities. Ms. Newman is a fine performer able to deliver these dramatic necessities really well.   Q. Where does The Bargain rank among all the audiobooks you've listened to so far?   A. I listen to such a wide variety of audiobooks across so many different genres, it would be difficult for me to attempt to make that kind of ranking because I would be comparing not just apples to oranges, but bananas and peaches and pears.   Q. Any additional comments?   A. I was delighted to discover this recording, which offers me the opportunity to enjoy one of my favorite books by one of my favorite authors in the form of an excellent audiobook."
2e767c82f00983b0bdaf840b70932633	non-critical	When I bought this $1.99 special of the day, I had no idea who Alan Cummings was; now I do! This was an enlightening tale of Alan's upbringing in a house, notice I don't say home, with an abusive, hard drinking father who made Alan's life miserable. It only gets darker from there as the father manipulates him and his brother emotional after they are too big to beat. The brothers hold steady in holding their father accountable for his actions. Fortunately, their resilience and tenacity helps them deal with most of the aftershocks and on to productive lives.
c614777fa2fd38a43462d58ed3cbd383	non-critical	"I love the Boss' music, but I may have enjoyed this book even more. Springsteen is a surprisingly creative writer, and though some things are over-romanticized or glossed over, mostly it's just a really interesting look at his life. The focus on his personal relationships instead of the typical ""here's how I wrote this song"" was great (though there's some of the latter in there too. The stuff about he and his dad's relationship was really powerful - his chapter about his dad's passing and his children mourning was probably the best stuff in the book. Listening to it read on audiobook by Springsteeb himself made the whole experience even better - read it that way if you can."
c68ca834e642291dfe5d6e076e26f4bc	very non-critical	I'm currently re-reading and so far enjoying it.
7129f24fc8faf8acce55b6b13f5410ba	non-critical	Ok! This book wasn't boring, the writing was fine. Although the story was obviously predictable, the characters were okay and kind of carried the story. Not much to say about this one, but it did have me curious enough to buy the next book (maybe)
70a1dec6a2d46fcee43318bafdaa7e22	very non-critical	unreadable
b4b838e817124251125c2c2d7725ea8c	very non-critical	As a Braves fan, I enjoyed reminiscing with Chipper.
17d69b07b429159274af9bb89ab64224	very non-critical	This is one of the first chapter books I ever read, and I must say it is still one of my absolute favorites!
006310453cd07b5f9fbc6292c47279bc	non-critical	I liked this WWII history book and I hope someone makes a film version of it.
1086279fb4fa1335fd26d7d67fbd2263	very non-critical	More for reference than just reading.
84e89a014dcc578d5317243cad84dcb0	critical	"Another rating I'm torn over, so I feel obliged to provide explanation.   3.5 stars is my feeling, but if I have to choose between 3 and 4 I'm leaning towards 3.   The book is an excellent collection of interesting facts, research, and a comprehensive history across the major sciences. Mild humor and random trivia are spliced in along the way. I think it's a worthwhile read for just about anyone - despite my rating - just because I believe (as the author) we owe it to ourselves to have at least a basic understanding of our history and progress. And the book does an excellent job of achieving this across every category while keeping it relatively interesting and easy to understand at a high level.   But, I wasn't just interested in a relentless barrage of facts; I also wanted to see Bryson's factual storytelling and wit, as is typical in his adventures. Alas, outside of the initial introduction, very little is said or explained about his journey cataloging/researching and all the people he interviewed. The book is quite literally just a constant bombardment of facts and history as he jumps from science to science. ""Ch10, explain entire history of this science. Ch11, explain entire history of this other science. Ch12, explain entire history of another science...."" etc., with some longer segments dedicated to specific events, concepts, or people.   This ultimately resulted in it dragging on painfully at a couple of points, despite my general interest in the sciences and history. There's only so much I can read in lengthy tunnel visioning segments about notable Geographers before my eyes glaze over.   I also can't stand when a question is posed and the available answer is not provided. It's ironic, the book begins with Bryson discussing his insatiable curiosity and how he sought answers to ""why X?"" and ""why Y?""... only for him to then not answer them! Several times through the book specific questions were posed, but then not answered. I had to stop reading and Google it to satisfy my own provoked curiosity. Arg!   The end result is 3.5 stars to me. I still mostly enjoyed the book, and it's an impressive collection of facts and history, but it has its flaws... and it didn't at all feel like the type of fact-based storytelling you might expect from Bryson, or really much different from an actual school textbook.   Alas, my two cents."
88e99be5a84fa4c736bc01eac7e8a221	very non-critical	Love the Bridgerton novels!
b48cc44402b434218ad207ea34d1416e	critical	3.5 stars   Phew, Phillipa Gregory is finally back on form with this third book in The Cousins War series. Taking a leap back in time from the previous books we follow the life of Jaquetta, the Duchess of Bedford and mother of Elizabeth Woodville, our previous heroine.   Thankfully this book is everything it's predecessor was not, lively, well paced and refusing to go over the same old ground. Personally I'd have preferred this to be the first in the series as it would give us a better understanding of the characters and background of the other books, but hey ho, I guess it gives it a pulp-fiction type vibe.   I found myself liking Jacquetta. Okay, some of the stuff she did made no sense, but it's refreshing to see a strong female lead in a historical novel. With Margaret of Anjou she kicked some serious ass, of course the rest of the time she was a baby machine, but she seemed quite happy being a Mum of TWELVE, or was it eleven?   The whole magic thing was a bit tedious at times, I wonder whether it had any actual historical basis. Having said that, mysticism and faith must have been a huge part of Medieval life, and it did add an extra dimension to the book. Although I hasten to add this element was tackled in a much more realistic way than in The White Queen.   Overall it was a good read and I'll be checking out the next in the series at some point over the year.
fdc8950d78528e63aa386e35dc99de83	very non-critical	Richard was a major influence in me becoming an entrepreneur.
7c0392ba1ec207530cdebe4dad88194b	neutral	Piacevole romanzo di ambiente storico, legato all'incendio del Bazar della Charite a Parigi, dove mori la duchessa d'Alencon. Quella che era stata fidanzata a Ludwig..
ebd4b02c86dae5f1be1cccd80fd23cfc	neutral	"""My theory is that the best, worst, happiest, saddest, scariest, and most memorable moments are all connected. Those are the important times, good and bad. The rest is just filler.""   A heartfelt, well-paced novel that was hard to put down! I was somewhat disappointed/relieved to discover that this book wasn't really ""inspired by a true story,"" just a true idea, so this book was almost entirely a work of fiction. But what a great story it was! I loved Ernest, Maisie, and Fahn and the depth to their characters. I loved that there was a question of which one was Gracie (and solving that mystery was one reason I kept reading). I loved Madame Flora and learning of the happenings at the Tenderloin, surprisingly written with grace and modesty. I loved the altering past and present, and although everything tied together a little too perfectly to seem real, I still enjoyed the ending."
f53c188f9d1a3f826e401a365ee18119	non-critical	I have just been on an expedition to the Amazon rainforest for 3 weeks so wanted a book about the rainforest. This was a truly gripping book and I loved reading about the jungle as I was there and on my return. It is truly incredible to think that this is a true story, and the messages in the epilogue and note from author are inspiring. The book is well written and is great for people with a sense of adventure. I couldn't put it down- I read more than 3/4 of it in one day on the plane on the way back. I would definitely recommend this book, especially to anyone interested in the rainforest or travel.
1977fd1865905e128e126b2ce6260862	non-critical	Don't change a thing, Amy Stewart. :)   I'm not sure that I want you to make a series out of this, but your novel is pitch perfect. Such a feat of writer's craft, turning a few newspaper clippings into a novel of suspense, family secrets, feminism, crime-fighting and yearning.
3e86782b6d230a515c19c4cb5686a184	neutral	I loved the way this book flowed...the language was familiar and southern, and remembering all of the Texas places that I've heard about and visited made me smile. Calpurnia is a young lady rebelling against her assigned role as a girl and developing a love for science and inquiry. What I loved most of all is how the author wove in bits and pieces of science vocabulary and concepts and made it all palatable. I began to agree with Calpurnia that girls can be scientists too.
ed98d5921a1973c609dcbf9864299240	very non-critical	Using the laws of physics (e.g., conservation of momentum) as analytical tools leads to several conclusions:   There were at least two shooters (probably three, maybe four). One shot, probably two, came from behind the wooden fence on the grassy knoll. Three weapons most likely were used, at least one of which was a weapon like a .220 Swift. The killing shot came from the front, as did the shot in the throat. Calibrating sound analysis, film analysis, and ballistic analysis make these judgments firm.
515c1957e97f13da42360226b44c3cb6	very non-critical	I thought the 20 year gap would be too much, but it's really well done. I really enjoyed it.
3eec233def93fe2c6081392f721708c1	very critical	As you would expect with any novel that is set at this time in history, the subject matter is not remotely pleasant but it is a book that I feel makes compelling reading.   Hanna is 15 years old. She is Latvian, and also Jewish. Her dream is to be a dancer. Unfortunately, the Nazis arrive in her hometown and everything changes.   For anyone who doesn't know much about what happened to the Jews during this period in time, this novel makes a fascinating starting point. Seeing events through the eyes of Hanna means we are given some awareness of the wider issues, while those around her still try to protect her from the true horrors of what is taking place.   For those readers who do have some knowledge of this period in time, you read with grim determination. You know this is going to make for unsettling reading but you feel bound to continue. With this novel I felt that the character of Hanna is so well-portrayed that you want to see out her story.   For me, the most powerful scenes in the novel are when Hanna and those around her are at their most desperate. We witness people at their lowest, and the factual way Hanna observes these events made them - for me - more meaningful.   I would probably have rated this higher, but for the ending. It makes sense in terms of the story, but I don't think it fits with what we were shown of the character of Uldis earlier in the novel.   I read this because it is on the 2016 CILIP Carnegie Long-list, and I would not be surprised to see this make it to the next stage.
6f591388036919cb8a8b134287d3e5c5	very critical	"Late in the novella, Matty criticizes her story, saying ""it is too didactic....there is too much message."" William defends the story, saying that his impression was ""one of thickening mystery"" (161). My impression is that Byatt justified this didactic tale with the mystery unfolding in the Alabaster lives. (I don't need to comment on the significance of that surname, do I? Or on William's surname 'Adamson'? I won't. It'll get spoiler-y.) The only problem is that the mystery doesn't begin to assert itself until page 53, and it's pretty obvious by page 82, leaving the reader with about 100 pages of waiting for the obvious to finally play itself out. The mystery never really thickened.   That's not to say I didn't enjoy some of the ideas bandied about: intelligence versus instinct (and, from there, intelligent design versus chance); the supposed differences (and the exposed similarities) between civilization and the primitive/uncharted/""smutched""; the analogous societies of insects and mankind. I'm a fan of the didactic. I just wish either the plot or the characters (preferably both) had a bit more substance. William, our supposedly ambitious protagonist, constantly relies on Matty to rattle him out of his mopey inertia. Matty (a less gothic Jane Eyre) is, by the way, the only really interesting character. Actually, I'll retract that. Harald Alabaster is a character of interest, but his theological arguments are so painfully underwhelming. He exists to be intelligently contradicted. The reader is supposed to pity him and to know better. I prefer Byatt's more subtle work in the Frederica quartet, where her agenda was less blatant."
5b11a1679abc36fd478ea2f43731d450	neutral	This book will surprise you at how good it is. Despite its seemingly simple plot, the story is rich with complexity and humanity.   While I would have liked to known more about the girl's history, her story - and the focus of the novel - was on her day-to-day survival and quest for freedom. It dominated her focus, so it's understandable why it dominated the pages of the book, which I turned with rapt attention.   Pick this one up, most definitely.
f81355bdeeb36fccf07ef3f946d0eb7e	neutral	'jml mfy lktb hw lG@ lktb w mfrdth Hyth wD` m`ny kl lmfrdt lty qd ykwn mn lS`b `l~ 'y qry' 'n yfhmh .
4033bf8ddade4e412bd0485ba431f03f	very non-critical	Fantastic read that is easily visualized with its great character development. Author's note to reader rounds out the whole emotion of the book and gives appreciation to what is written.
e08360801fc2d42546a96cb66ce204ae	neutral	Annabelle Ashton, the daughter of the Earl of Havercroft has recently caused quite a scandal by running away with a servant to elope to Gretna Green. The Earl who was financially suffering after some bad investments needed his daughter to marry into money. Now that she is disgraced after being caught he is forced to settle her to his arch nemesis Bernard Mason's son Reggie. The Earl has always shunned Mason because he earned his money through coal instead of being titled to it. Mason shunned the Earl, since the Earl shunned him. These two have a long history together.   A Matter of Class is another marriage of convenience theme, which is one of my favorites. I was worried about this books since in comes in at just under 200 pages. I shouldn't have worried. Balogh has outdone herself with this little gem. It is a perfect example of the right way to do a short novel.   A Matter of Class is told from two different perspectives, present time and then past time. The two are told in alternating chapters until they converge to present time with a very clever twist to the ending. The characters are fully developed. There is a lot of interaction, not just between Annabelle and Reggie, but also both sets of parents. Some of this leads to comedic relief between the Earl and Bernard Mason. This story has excellent pacing. When you want to squeeze in a good story and can't devote a lot of time, definitely pick this one up. It's a must read!
5171b6ce5f081fb988dfcdf9cda90349	non-critical	This book brought the old goldfields era to life very authentically.
cae7f5cd6bbe14072ccfac73da2d9c2d	very critical	I read this book aloud to my daughter at breakfast one chapter at a time, sometimes less when we were late for school. It is a story told by Annabelle, a twelve year old girl growing up in the Pennsylvania countryside after WWI. It is lesson in bullying, family ties, friendship and loyalty. I cried several times. There is much heartbreak and sadness. Annabelle is a strong well grounded character and an excellent example for young girls everywhere. The writing is beautiful. There are great descriptions of the flowers and trees. There are 27 chapters. Reading one chapter at a time and talking about it made the story very rich. We won't soon forget this lovely young girl.
fea5e84ddd851d49889c3aefaaa42ae8	very non-critical	Wonderful, unique life, smartly and decorously told.
3028f98046a834cb7a6c2728db7c8f54	non-critical	Good, but you must have patience to get thru the slower parts.
ed3dc8ca4e393c55c919ad2e7d7e1ec2	critical	"2 1/2 stars rounded up   Written in a dual narrative style, ""The Daughters of Red Hill Hall"" is set in the present day AND in 1838.   I love a good historical novel - and the promise of one written in a dual-narrative style, which is one of my favorites, held great appeal.   We meet two girls in 1838. They both reside at Red Hill Hall, a handsome family manor in Dorset. Rebecca Winton, is the daughter of the house, the other, Sarah Cooper, is the daughter of the housekeeper. When her mother dies, Sarah is welcomed into the family as a 'sister' of sorts and a best friend and companion to Rebecca. The girls are very close. That is until they grow up and there is a man involved...   I love it when a novel tells the stories of a historic building.   Skip ahead to the present where we meet archivist Gemma. She works in a museum cataloguing the exhibits. After she discovers the duelling pistols she also works at Red Hill Hall during her free time, organizing their historical documents. She is anxious to discover the history of the pistols and the family that once lived at the Hall. Gemma has a best friend named Natalie.... and a boyfriend named Ben.   Needless to say, the historical story and the present day story are almost mirror images of each other. Jealousy and psychotic vindictiveness play a large role is both narratives. The so called best friends try to sabotage the lives of the women they had previously been so fond of. A premise which seemed unrealistic to me...   Though the descriptive passages were very well executed, what I thought would be suspenseful could be best described as predictable and somewhat formulaic. I wasn't a huge fan of either protagonist. Both Gemma and Rebecca seemed rather weak and ineffectual. So much so that I couldn't really 'root' for them.   The novel contained an annoying repetition of the 'word' erm. I looked it up online and the urban dictionary says that erm is a word used commonly to fill awkward space in conversations. Well all I can say is that there must have been a LOT of awkward conversations in this novel! Example sentence: ""Erm, yes. I would like that. But would you mind if I, erm, if I brought someone else along as well?""   In short, I liked and enjoyed the story line. The plot itself held a lot of potential, but the promised 'twists' ended up being predictable outcomes. The characters were just a bit to wishy-washy for my taste. The setting was wonderful. The writing was satisfactory, but what let it down was the scenes that contained dialogue. Most conversations seemed contrived and stilted.   With a promising premise, ""The Daughters of Red Hill Hall"" just didn't live up to my expectations. I imagine that there are many who would like the story and the writing, but sadly this just wasn't to my taste."
582b1dea6698361065b14712daa8f3a8	very non-critical	I really enjoyed reading this book. I loved the characters. I look forward to reading more books by Christina Yother. I was given a copy of the book to read and review.
d26e90dff45d9e0c43b6eb62c332dfd1	critical	Let me start off by saying that I received this book as an ARC Goodreads Giveaway.   Aptowicz's biography proved to be a delightful read. In Dr. Mutter's Marvels she examines the life of Thomas Dent Mutter, a brilliant plastic surgeon in 1800's Philadelphia. Besides innovating the Mutter flap that would be used for over a hundred years after his death he also was among the first to successfully use anesthesia during surgery. Most importantly for his patients he understood the concept of cleanliness and practiced sterilization protocols long before Koch postulated his germ theory.   It is evident that Aptowicz did an abundance of research for this book. In some portions it reads more as a biography of Jefferson Medical College's Faculty of '41, including such prominent doctors as Dr. Joseph Pancoast, Dr. Charles Meigs, and Dr. John Kearsley Mitchell. But sometimes in order to put someone's life into perspective you need to see them in the light of both their friends and adversaries.   I've read some reviews on here and I recognize the frustration some academics and historians had with how Aptowicz deals with references. Typically if one were to use notes pages they would also have in text citations that refer the reader from their place within the prose to the corresponding notes at the back of the book. Alternatively one could do as Mary Roach has done and include the notes right there on the page. I found this approach aided in my understanding of the subject matter and allowed me to enjoy her book even more.
5a79a1c4f4b55c23a6d146f64c7fb9c2	critical	Wonderful story, seemed like a lovely tale at first, but darker tale there with the Nazis and the treatment of the islanders and Jews. Worth reading
e9ab68a4e43f225017f1772081772059	non-critical	A must read for all citizens of the US   No matter your politics, this book is an eye opening call to action in the post 11-8 world we now live in.
a42c6268400247d2d131a84ac52cfcf2	neutral	SlHtny hdhh lrwy@ m` qlby l~ Hd kbyr, w m` 'ny l 'mlk shj`@ kfy@ l'njw bnfsy mn jHym 'fkry w 'fkr lakhryn, l 'nny tqdmt khTwt fy Tryq nftHy `l~ lkhlS mn kl qywd lmnTq w llmnTq.
f4e3934a026eb51704dc04f737dbb883	very non-critical	Such an inspiring book!! What an amazing Christ-like woman and family. I would love to discuss this book with friends, and study her devotional books together.
3881817e1c0dbc234315a3de5c5bf194	neutral	This was a compelling read and taught me many things about the repression of women in China. An excellent read
8f347d7a210fb92d57e7e8ecbe0f8958	very non-critical	Hell Racism, my old friend, I hope I never see you again.
b69a39c773cbed7c072cbec854934de3	critical	I listen to audio books while I walk my dog, I kept doing another lap to listen to this book. I loved this story of Phil Knight and the development of Nike. It is an amazing story. I have to say so many CEO/owners have their hands in several pots in case one falls. Phil Knight gave his life, his money, his dedication to grow the Blue Ribbon company.   I am not a big reader of autobiography books, but I recommend this one. A great story you never knew about Nike.
75190ec691a0a2937fe80e536832a097	critical	I am going to confess that I only have a limited knowledge of Scotland in this period and I do not feel The Black Douglases is a very good introductory text. I found the politics, shifting alliances, and on-again, off-again conflicts very confusing to follow. Clearly this is a very interesting and exceptional family in Scottish history, but I wish I had read a more accessible text.
4452c8e78ecc0058041f410a91c26850	non-critical	I was equally fascinated by the journeys of Sophie and Liv. The narration of each was distinct and the stories were moving. Ms. Moyes manages to write about romance in a way that is not cheesy or terribly unbelievable. I found this to be a delightful read.   Full review at:   http://theinsomniacbibliophile.blogsp...
2e315c7b7ac1f87021702637365579e2	critical	Perfect quick read for a lazy afternoon-i sped thru it. It was pretty good but not one i would revisit. Its aimed at young adults so the plot and the writing reflects that. Its not on apar with fingersmith but i liked it nonetheless.   It tell the story of a teenager victorian girl who gets incarcerated in an asylum for the insane. she's perfectly sane and the book chronicles who she meets inside and her escape attempts whislt trying to unravel the mystery of who in her family put her here. The heroine is a little modern-wants to be a Doctor, is a lesbian- nothing wrong with any of this but she never questions it herself which for me seems odd for victorian times?
9ce0e55701c21b823da2e9af8f0698f0	very non-critical	This book is awesome. A lot of what he covers still applies today. Its amazing how far we've come yet how far we have to go.
3af0160bcacf8cdd23dfec1a6c8e7763	non-critical	Wonderfully written first-hand account of an educated young city woman who got married and moved with her assessor husband to various rural, rustic locations in the west. In the very early half of the 20th century, they lived in Telluride and Fairplay, Colorado, as well as mining towns in Canada and Idaho. An unusual perspective on those mining towns where many people, and especially women, were illiterate or spoke a foreign language. Along will tales of a new bride attempting to cook under primitive conditions to tales of Old West scoundrels, this book is a happy little page-turner.
4da61682a89fcb50147eb3100a7b4ca8	neutral	Portrait of the Hunt family, excellent story of the young H.L. nursing at mommy's breast at age 7 all the way through his John Birch Society days in cold-war-era Dallas, and beyond - to his goofy progeny (well, Lamar and Carolyn turned out OK). Find it in a used book store and read it.
9f40fcdb1ede611f451e3bb63d69274c	very critical	With the help of a ghostwriter Calamity Jane once published an autobiography of sorts which she sold in later years to support herself. However much truth this thin booklet may have held, it did not include any background on her formative years. Calamity Jane, How the West Began, by Bryan Ney, is the author's attempt to speculate upon the relatively unknown earlier years of this well-known historical figure. This is Jane's story, from when she was a young girl, doing her best to help raise her little sister, Lana. With a father who gambled and a mother who turned to prostitution, she did the best she could with the life she was given. Presented as a spirited tomboy with a compassionate heart, this intriguing story of a young Martha Jane Canary will be well-received by history buffs. Recommended for home and school libraries, Calamity Jane, How the West Began has earned the Literary Classics Seal of Approval.
5ef033f83824ccc523bfdc08d91527e8	non-critical	She's led quite a life and it was a pretty fascinating read.
cbbed25edf6c5ceb7d737ee2b4920fe3	neutral	I knew it took me awhile to read this because I just COULD NOT get into it but I was surprised to see it's taken two full months! It was so slooow. There were SO MANY characters I found it confusing & even found the flow chart that explained the family tree confusing. That said, I'm not 100% sure I don't want to finish out the trilogy. I don't think I've ever felt this strange at the end of a book. I did really like Frank's character:)
7bf3edd109210da77500ae379da263f8	very critical	"Human language is a fascinating subject. We don't appreciate how complex language speaking skills are until we try to learn a new language as adults. It's one thing that children can do better than adults. Brain studies suggest that human brains are uniquely programmed to use language, and children's brains are uniquely adept at learning languages. This adeptness is lost as we age.   The Story of Human Language by John McWhorter is a collection of thirty-six lectures on the history and study of human languages. It includes some discussion of the tools used by linguists. However, I see that there's a whole separate set of lectures on ""Understanding Linguistics: The Science of Language."" I haven't listened to this other set of lectures so I'm not sure how they differ. Presumably these lectures (Story of Human Language) has more focus on history and less emphasis on the technical aspects of linguistics.   Some things I've learned that I find interesting:   1. Differences in languages can be used much like gene technology to track prehistoric movements of humans. Changes in languages occur more quickly than changes in human genes, so whereas genes may be used to indicate humans migrations over a span of 100,000 years, language can indicate movements over the past 10,000 years.   2. Ninety-nine percent of the words in the Oxford Dictionary of the English Language are from sources other than Old-English. However, Sixty-five percent of the commonly used words are part of the one percent that comes from Old-English.   3. The most complex and difficult languages are spoken in areas that are isolated from exposure to other languages. In other words, primitive peoples sometimes have very complex languages. Languages can become complex when everybody who speaks the language learned it as a child.   4. More widely spoken languages that need to be learned by adult speakers of other languages tend to become simplified over time.   5. Languages tend to either (1) have prefixes and case endings, or (2) be tonal. They seldom have both. (But there are exceptions.)   6. The majority of the world's languages do not have definite and indefinite articles (i.e. a, an, the). Speakers of European languages can't believe it to be possible to speak without them.   7. The majority of the world's population (including much of Europe) speak a different dialect (i.e. local vernacular) of their language at home than what is taught in their schools or used in official government business. This phenomenon is called diglossia. Americans are unique in having relatively little diglossia.   8. We can thank the influence of the invading Norsemen of the 9th century for the fact that English is the only European language that doesn't have gender markers for inanimate objects. (Thank you, Norsemen.) Other invaders who didn't learn Old English well were probably responsible for the simplified verb conjugations in English. (Thank you other invaders.)   9. Non-phonetic English word spellings are a remnant of an earlier time when they were phonetic. Unfortunately, word spellings change more slowly than the spoken language. The development of printing has essentially fossilized spelling conventions. (Thank goodness for computerized spell-check.)"
eea00b0e57087016f9c63d3771ac992a	very non-critical	Was enjoyable but skipped repetitive parts. Over all a good classic. Weird ending.
33eda2c96a3a82d12e7ca6e8a1bff8f9	non-critical	An easy to read book about the American reconstruction period following the Civil War. From 1865-1877 the tumultuous period where we tried to rebuild our country after being torn apart by war. Excellent starter book for beginners learning about this period.
bfd385a650ea9df48e1f68e8cc20210e	very non-critical	My first venture into the world of Crispin. I enjoyed writing him from the very first.
46c6cda38ade3764ba4fea019ac7fa6c	non-critical	To be honest, I didn't really like this book. To be fair I'll give it a 2.5. I don't know if it's the writing style or just the lack of a storyline. But I just couldn't get into it.
6d8fc24f40e560345fe5eb253de37dc9	very critical	"I reviewed this for www.luxuryreading.com   This is my first book by Marina Fiorato and The Venetian Bargain simply blew me away with its poetic, fluid and immensely descriptive language. It was easy to see the beautiful architecture, flora and clothing all around the characters in both Venice and Constantinople. I was absolutely drawn in by the passages dealing with the symptoms and effects of the plague as well as the intricacies of the various treatments and cures given to the sufferers. Seeing the differences between the old, often comical treatments used by the traditional doctors and the more ""modern"" methods Annibale and Feyra utilized was fascinating. It is clear to me that a lot of research was done to give the reader a clear picture of what a plague sufferer experiences and what does and doesn't work as treatment.   The characters were wonderful as well. Feyra is such an intelligent, feisty character and it was remarkable seeing her maneuver in a country that did not understand her value. Annibale was harder to warm to, being standoffish and rude in an attempt to keep from having to care for anyone else when no one has truly cared for him, but seeing his transformation as Feyra's light and love changed him made me love him a little bit myself. And the Sultan, who uses such a diabolical instrument as germ warfare to weaken his enemy and make them a prime target for his continued evil machinations, has quite the sinister effect on the whole story even as he plays such a minor part overall. All the characters, whether major or minor players, are well developed and fit nicely into the overall story.   The Islamic concept of Mizan - the balance of all things - provides the framework around the story. From the balance between science and faith, mind and body, give and take, a balance is needed before a calm can be found. And balanced is exactly what The Venetian Bargain is - a highly entertaining, well executed historical novel that deals with a situation in history not often discussed. I am now thoroughly excited to read more by Marina Fiorato."
624d96decb2cafa2037cc83e13bf337e	neutral	I was previously unfamiliar with Irma Joubert's work. When I read the synopsis of 'The Crooked Path' however, I knew that I had to get my hands on this book. It just sounded so intriguing.   I was utterly captivated with this story from the second I snuggled in to read. The writing was superb, descriptive and strong. The character development was spot-on and grew the further I delved into the story. Perhaps my favorite part was the journey. Many books make the destination the end-game, the theme of the story. 'The Crooked Path' however, gifts the reader with the path, the travels, the lessons, the wanderings. For this reason, I read in bliss from beginning to end and was saddened when I turned the last page. A simply wonderful story. I will most definitely be reading more from this author.
c9d23b94f21003e6da85e4ed0cc5734c	neutral	Uma autentica saga epica! Atraves de sucessivas geracoes de duas das familias mais antigas de Roma, Pinario e Poticio, o autor Steven Saylor transportou-me magistralmente pelos primeiros 1000 anos da historia da capital de um dos maiores imperios de todos os tempos, Roma.   Desde a sua criacao pelos irmaos Romulo e Remo ate a morte de Julio Cesar, a obra passa por alguns dos mais marcantes momentos do Imperio Romano, numa impressionante licao de historia romanceada.   Apesar de apreciar mais a serie Roma Sub Rosa de Saylor, li este livro com o maior deleite, absorvida pelas personagens e pela forma como o autor conseguiu interligar ficcao, lenda e factos historicos, que mostram um trabalho de pesquisa digno de registo.   Espero ler em breve o segundo, Imperio, tendo ficado a saber recentemente que o autor esta a preparar um terceiro livro que de continuidade aos dois que ja existem.
9faa0b6450d4a329864d3e2ce64b0ac2	very non-critical	If you saw the movie it takes anecdotes from the book and fleshes out both the action and the secondary characters to create a more fluid story line. Susanna's story however is more interesting when she explains it herself, what it felt like to consider embracing madness, or what she was told was madness once upon a time when really everyone had sort of lost their minds.
d5ccc03c0382c798dfc21f2bedcbd5fc	very non-critical	*RC provided via Netgalley in exchange of an honest review!*   Simply unputdownable!   A beautiful and emotional story that yet again demonstrates that love is never what or who you expect.   Read my review on The Book Voucher!
c77162ac29a0c6a4f1d750688e87ef76	non-critical	I liked the premise of this story. That said, it took me forever to read. Why, I ask myself. I found myself looking for the grammarical errors which there were a lot, along with typos. For me the story needed to be tighter, not necessarily 100 pages but at least 50 and I think it would have been a strong novel. I would certainly read Justin Go again.
f0d3ad22433bab5d8128783f36b46def	very critical	This book does an excellent job of showing how the development of language (alphabets, words, reading, and writing) and advances that made wider accessibility to literacy available have paralleled the course of major events in human history.   I have two major complaints with this book.   This first is that Bernstein, at times throughout the book, comes off as an egotistical ultra-literate who is far and away above and beyond all the rest of us little people (the very thing he ostensibly says is an issue in the thesis of this book). You can literally hear him talking down to you as a reader.   The second is that Berstein subtly interjects - at least in the beginning - his subjective opinions (which I disagree with) into what he expressly states is an objective history.   I also completely disagree with his premise in the forward in which he states that humanity is more literate now than ever before and that has kept the dystopian society that George Orwell portrayed in 1984 from ever developing.   The reality is that we are, more than ever, in the grips of dystopia that Orwell presaged and the world is in a second iteration of the Middle Ages, where literacy was almost non-existent and power and control was centralized in a very small and elite group of people at the top of a very elaborate hierarchy.   But I still recommend reading the book as a big-picture history. A lot of this I knew in bits and pieces from my reading over the years, but this book pulled it all together in a chronological and historical context.
3342bfa29b74585f3e08544961037cbe	critical	Narrated by Dylan Baker   25 hrs and 10 mins   Publisher's Summary   From the author of the best-selling biographies of Benjamin Franklin and Albert Einstein, this is the exclusive biography of Steve Jobs.   Based on more than 40 interviews with Jobs conducted over two years--as well as interviews with more than a hundred family members, friends, adversaries, competitors, and colleagues--Walter Isaacson has written a riveting story of the roller-coaster life and searingly intense personality of a creative entrepreneur whose passion for perfection and ferocious drive revolutionized six industries: personal computers, animated movies, music, phones, tablet computing, and digital publishing.   At a time when America is seeking ways to sustain its innovative edge, and when societies around the world are trying to build digital-age economies, Jobs stands as the ultimate icon of inventiveness and applied imagination. He knew that the best way to create value in the 21st century was to connect creativity with technology. He built a company where leaps of the imagination were combined with remarkable feats of engineering.   Although Jobs cooperated with this book, he asked for no control over what was written nor even the right to read it before it was published. He put nothing off-limits. He encouraged the people he knew to speak honestly. And Jobs speaks candidly, sometimes brutally so, about the people he worked with and competed against. His friends, foes, and colleagues provide an unvarnished view of the passions, perfectionism, obsessions, artistry, devilry, and compulsion for control that shaped his approach to business and the innovative products that resulted.   Driven by demons, Jobs could drive those around him to fury and despair. But his personality and products were interrelated, just as Apple's hardware and software tended to be, as if part of an integrated system. His tale is instructive and cautionary, filled with lessons about innovation, character, leadership, and values.
a6be6d8fbbb947554e74e1de25a7ccec	very critical	Two stars is probably a bit harsh, but this one just wasn't for me and since I've read (and enjoyed) several other of Michelle Moran's book I was more than a bit disappointed. My main complaint would be that this book was just to short; 270-odd pages is hardly enough to describe a life as colourful as Mata Hari's. I never had the feeling I got to know the main character and what little there was didn't make me care about her. Some of the events in her life didn't seem to add up, which on the one hand makes sense given how many stories there are about her, but then again something written in first person present tense should surely be free of any ambiguity since the narrator would know what actually happened. We will never really know the true story of Mata Hari's life given the many fanciful and contradictory tales created by herself, the press and her family, but that surely gives an author the opportunity to spin a great story and fill in the gaps. This is not what happened here.
58e5ea55ade6055e9defd3dde7b948ca	very non-critical	It was shaping up to be just as good as any of his other books, but of course it ends suddenly mid-book b/c the author died. I'd avoided reading this book for a long time after finishing the rest of the Aubrey-Maturin canon, because I didn't want it to end! So, now nothing for it but to start them all over, eh?
9872815580fbf25061b2d62a2ed8f48e	neutral	A poignant look into the life of a determined young lady, persistent in her journey for freedom for her family. This redefines what it means to be free. Hard to give the topic of slavery a 4 star, but at the same time, the story deserves to be heard.
ce331144f49985cb2a5b6f5df29da4a6	very non-critical	My review : http://utahmomslife.blogspot.com/2014...
4ca393ac6fa9e85e21f41c42f0b8bbf1	very non-critical	lovely!   my first lisa kleypass novel...
8e7d4d6f780225910e4c6ba63b066d18	very critical	This is a wonderful little middle grade historical fiction novel. Based on true facts found by the author of a 10 year old boy convicted falsely for manslaughter and imprisoned with grown men back in 1885. The author does a wonderful job of conveying this overwhelming and harsh world from the point of view of this uneducated, naive, and impoverished little boy. A boy who finds jail preferable to real life because he gets to eat regularly and reading lessons, a place where he makes friends and is given responsibilities. A place where some men are dangerous but others are more kindly then his father ever was. I loved it. The story comes out carefully, the author being quite aware of what Jake does and doesn't know about his situation. I was impressed by this skill of writing - choosing what to include and what not to include. That said, there is a part of me that kind of wishes it had been told in the 3rd person, though, just because I would have liked to have read what the other characters around him were feeling and how their take on the situation was. A great read for kids as young as 8 and on up.
b9d9403508c6d328769a4419b0457bea	non-critical	This story was amazing. Just the story of ally and Delaney is breath taking. I have read it 5 times over the years. The very first romance novel I read. Every body I let borrow it loved it to. Two orphans who love each other.... Beautiful!!!!
939b087ce922fa16fbdd5036902b2aaa	very non-critical	Cora Kensington and her father try desperately to divert the journalist that have hounded all of them on the grand tour of Europe.   Since arriving in Italy they have managed to avoid the ever present journalist. Her father hired a public relations man to cope with the journalist. Even though she has spent more time with her father she is still at odds with him. She wonders if he will ever truly see her as his daughter the way he is with his other children.   This book has all the action, mystery, suspense and romance that the other books in this series had along with the perfect building up to the finale. I was not disappointed, a little shocked and surprised at the true colors of a couple of the characters. But that made a for a good twist to the story. So I suggest you read the series to find out what was so surprising about the characters.   Who will Cora choose to marry, If she marries at all?   I highly recommend this book.   I rated this book a 5 out of 5.   Disclosure: I received a free copy of this book from David C. Cook/Litfuse Publicity Group for review. I was in no way compensated for this review. This review is my honest opinion.
61a1af26bc3f6329b48f1bbbfd19bbde	non-critical	A fascinating account of a mysterious and, sadly, disappearing culture. The only thing that I didn't really enjoy about this book was the fact that it seemed kind of jumbled and thrown together. The more autobiographical chapters did not mesh well with the strictly anthropological information. I suppose that's part of the issue when combining two such contrasting writing styles, but it all could have benefitted from a strict re-edit, or perhaps been separated into two different works.
8ae9e1553a74bebda1c64f4f14e06910	very non-critical	One of the best books i've ever read. I loved every word of it and would recommend it to anyone. Soo glad i waited to watch the movie until after i read the book, because it was so much better than the movie.
07c0cdb1b58e57d87ae6dc7ae6dac711	non-critical	I love this series it catches you from the moment that you read the first few lines.   I can't wait to read book three when it finally comes out
7d7b1435e2b9406e96a7ecd1f8fdbabd	very non-critical	Small,sweet book with some food for thought.pun intended. FA
a62f78e2b4525179f89c1ae9e88f1550	very non-critical	"With This Ring?   A Novella Collection of Proposals Gone Awry   By Karen Witemeyer, Mary Connealy,   Regina Jennings, and Melissa Jagears   Fans of these four authors can find an enjoyable escape within the pages of these four novellas.   First up is Karen Witemeyer with The Husband Maneuver. Marietta Hawkins has had high hopes for Daniel Barrett these last three years. But when she overhears his plans she knows she needs to take action to get a proposal out of him. And if she has to resort to deception and manipulation to get him to promise to say ""I do"" she'll do it.   The second offering is from Regina Jennings with Her Dearly Unintended. Katie Ellen has forever captured Josiah Huckabee's heart. Only problem she sees him as little better than an annoyance. But when a heavy rain traps them at her farm with stranger they play the perfectly wedded couple (who seem intent on killing each other). But Josiah is determined to keep Katie Ellen safe from this stranger who is acting mighty suspicious to their eyes.   Get ready for some eye rolling as Josiah and Katie Ellen attempt to pull off the act of playing newlyweds.   Mary Connealy fans will enjoy seeing Big John Conroy find and fight love in the Runaway Bride. Carrie Halsey is determined to escape the man who is getting her hand in marriage to pay her father's gambling debts. To keep Carrie safe Big John needs to call on the Regulators to back him up and they are more than willing to help him out. And maybe give him a nudge in the romance department.   The final offering is Engaging the Competition from Melissa Jagears. Harrison Gray has always felt that he has had something to prove to Charlotte Andrews. Scholarly speaking he's always excelled but when it came to shooting Charlotte was the champion. And riding and roping she held her own. So when he glasses get broken he needs help and Charlotte is his not quite willing teacher's aid.   But two weeks in the same building just might help them clear up the grudges and hurts from the past. But with Charlotte promised to another is a schoolhouse romance a possibility?   This is a cute story collection that will entertain the reader, perfect for a afternoon with nothing to do as one can easily read one within a few hours.   I was provided a copy of this book by the publisher and Melissa Jagears in exchange for my honest review."
1d8d240c141fdb3183f88a079c3e24a0	non-critical	One of the best non-fiction books I have read for a while. Very afeecting and extremly well written
33ddb345c1a81d56c3b2562c8e3af2e7	critical	While I acknowledge that this book might not be for everyone, I thought it was incredibly funny. Every time I thought a story had to be too farfetched to be real, there was a picture to back it up. The bonus is that I also gained a new appreciation for what it is like to live with a mental affliction - whether depression, anxiety or self-harming (this author has them all). Totally enjoyed this one!
e933b2e5aa46c4e0458eb512de93fe27	neutral	Wulf's book is well-researched and, as one reviewer pointed out, she manages to make 18th century botany mania into an intriguing story even for non-horticultural types--here are history, politics, adventurous travel, intrigues, economics, quibbles, betrayals, and glorious estates.   As a person who loves history and horticulture, I found it a worthwhile read.
cf4ed53dca840d1f3c3363602181d8c0	neutral	ljmyl fy lktb shrHh wtfSylh ljmyl@ jd bslwb tSwyry jmyl mbsT ystTy` y qry' n ytb` lsrd dwn n yshr` blmll .   lkhrj lfny wltSymym lmmyz llktb tmkn y qry' mhm kn mstwh l`qly n ystw`b lm`lwmt lnh mSmm@ bshkl trtby jmyl wshrH mbsT wmSwr ts`d `ly trsykh lm`lwmt wtj`lh fy mrtbh lmrj` lmhm@ fy y mktb@ khS@ w `m@
0e60266672a423a26bb80a341ec861ef	neutral	This non-fiction text profiles twenty six women from eight different countries that fought against Nazi policy and occupation. They were women from all different walks of life that felt they needed to be involved in the rescue, resistance, sabotage and espionage movements during WWII. There were women like Irena Sendler, Sophie Scholl, Corrie ten Boom and Magda Trocme that I knew, but many whose stories I had never heard before.   Kathryn Atwood has created a non fiction text that both adolescents and adults could easily enjoy. At the end of each profile, Atwood provides further information about how readers can find out more about each individual woman. Many photos accompany the text and help readers put a face to the name. The one sticky issue that I have is sometimes the translations or quotes from the women taken from other sources of information made the writing awkward.   Thanks to my mother for donating this book to my classroom library.
fb9b5f84c938a0cbbfc940c35632b7b7	non-critical	Interesting story of two boys who having lost their parents and live witheir grandparents. Life changes with WWII and the atomic bombs. It follows the careers, life and loves. I learned about theNoh theater and Sumo. The characterization is wonderful and rich. I felt like I have traveled to Japan.
6cbc77611fa022e4ae7fd3c6cc69500a	neutral	I got this book from Book browse for a honest review. I enjoyed it. It is a blend of my two favorite genres-historical fiction and memoir. I also enjoyed reading about New York City. I am a small town person. I have never been to New York City. I have always been fascinated by it but also scared of it. I thought Lillian was very brave to walk in New York city alone at night. I also thought she was brave when she ran into her 3 would be muggers. I think book clubs, older career women and people who love New York city would enjoy this book.
99ea26e6ff4328c06ed602faee19a383	neutral	I thought the writing style was too flowery and used too many words to say something so simple. He tried using metaphors but I thought maybe a metaphor or two put together was good, but a string of 10 or so is just too much - especially when there were any sexual situations in the book.   I only made it to about 200 pages before I started to skim because I was getting lost in all his flowery ramblings and missing the point of any kind of plot.   It's just a boring book. Nothing much happens. And I kept forgetting the year the story was supposed to be told because some of the language seemed laced with too much sarcasm and improper slang to be from that time era.   With extra time being very precious, I just couldn't justify wasting it on this book anymore.
8e6d607933d3e9aedab8ec0d12c1b8bb	very non-critical	For a more detailed review, please check out my review below:   Debra's Book Cafe   Debs :-)
c3a243c42b61beab4c432532d5e2744f	non-critical	Forgeries, stolen plates, certain papers, long lost lover....lies and secrets.   This is the first book I've read from Madeline Hunter so I don't know her writing style, this was good but not super great. For a man that loves to collect erotica his sex with Bride is lacking. They have a connection but he is to forward and she is to help back in guilt and fear. After he spends time with her in her homeland of Scotland he goes back to London and gets together with his married mistress who by the way isn't happy unless she spends tons of pounds on her, him with someone else after meeting his future love sets me off but I finished with this story. I've read other 'rake' romances but they didn't feel able to be with another. For me this was basically a mystery about stolen money plates, a missing man Bride fell for, how the two missing things are together, a romance with lies , and how they solved the case. Even if Bride might be charged and Ewan McLean Earl of Lyndale will have to hold up is job as an Earl and a seat in the government even if he has to lose the one women who did the unthinkable, claimed his heart and soul.
5ed0b94816785f5c62953aca55c9123d	critical	"Another book about Tudor England during the time ""Bloody Mary"" reigned. This book was a tad more romance than historical fiction but still a decent book. Of all the books I have read about this time period, I had never heard the rumor that Queen Mary may have burned her father's bones (Henry VIII) and he may not be buried where he is supposed to be buried anymore. Hmmmmm........interesting! This book also gives a picture of what prison would have been like during this time and it is heart-breaking to read that children were jailed along with their parents and lived like wild animals. I didn't like Frances, the Queen's lady in this book at all - what a vindictive woman!"
52dd0dc9d8b1c75d56bbfaf0e694b8f3	non-critical	"I loved the interaction between Thea and Dalton and bought into their growing attraction to each other. I am generally leery of the ""you-have-to-be-responsible-for-me-because-you-ruined-me"" plot because I often find the heroine in those situations to be annoying. However, I found the interactions between Thea and Dalton to be genuine.   The reason why it didn't get a 5 stars was because the conclusion to the ""mystery"" of Dalton's pursuit to be a little bit weak. Since the event influenced Dalton a lot, this weak resolution impacted my grade."
6a3c0d8fcf91b489184322c9103be8f5	non-critical	Not like the movie I grew up on, but more like the Victor Hugo I expect. Prince charming did not get the girl in the end like the movie. It was more complete tragity depicting the worst of human behaviors. Not a single winner.   It's a great clastic which should be read and not watched.
53c3d312960ac0d2b4e5fff54be258d9	neutral	This is truly one of the best books I've read with World War II as the setting. The main characters, Emmy and Julia, who were sisters, were so engaging that you feel like you are with them through their journey in WWII England. The author made the sisters and their circumstances so believable that it made reading this book an adventure. I highly recommend this book!
f3d0a8a4910712a3ad0fe6b768415ccc	non-critical	This book is now my favorite of all the books I have read. It is so beautifully written and I devoured every single word. It is the kind of book that you want to savor but at the same time you cannot stop reading. The character relationships were amazing and I loved how the story was narrated by death and it was very unique. I cried so much while reading this book, I honestly cried the most I have ever cried in my life at the ending. It was absolutely perfect and I would recommend it to EVERYONE who likes a good story.
c79b5cc7d600f6111633ad22b57c822f	critical	"When I saw this tag line from the publisher, I felt I wanted to read this book: ""My father's wife died. My mother said we should drive down to his place and see what might be in it for us.""   So begins this remarkable novel by Amy Bloom, whose critically acclaimed Away was called ""a literary triumph"" (The New York Times). Lucky Us is a brilliantly written, deeply moving, fantastically funny novel of love, heartbreak, and luck.   Lucky Us is the story of Eva and Iris, teenage half sisters. They meet at the funeral of Iris's mother when Eva's mother brings her to the home of both girls' father where Eva is unceremoniously dumped and abandoned. Having only known her father on weekends Eva is happy to be able to see more of her dad - until Iris clues her in to their father's weaknesses - the worst being that he steals money from Iris.   Iris is the pretty one, the talented one, who enters all contests to win the monetary prize. She'll work odd jobs too. Eva has always had to 'make do'. She is the one who takes care of the details for Iris - sewing her costumes, cleaning up after her sister, doing whatever needs to be done. Iris squirrels away her money and in two years has amassed enough for the girls to leave home and head to Hollywood where Iris plans on being a star. Through the good fortune of encountering supportive folks, Iris does become a star albeit only a rising one. Until she falls into a relationship with another woman that comes to the public's attention. Virtually ostracized from Hollywood, the two half-sisters take up with a variety of characters until they end up on Long Island.   As I read this story I wasn't sure what to think. I enjoyed the characterization of the sisters and their exploits held my interest. However, I think by the end of the book I was still waiting for the story to start. To me, this was merely a recounting of events that was not coherent in a story-telling manner. In short, I was disappointed in this book. That's not to say that others won't find it charming. It is merely my opinion.   Ms. Bloom's writing style is reminiscent of that of Alice Hoffman and readers who like Ms. Hoffman's books would like this one."
a31ce6521f871074a4b84ca0fd2c657a	neutral	rHm@ llh `ly hdh lrjl ldhy 'jd whw ytHdth `n nfsh 'n ytHdth `n nfwsn jmy`
ccffe04151e96cc19f7d0657d5e3f217	neutral	The author was writing to please Henry Kissinger, not me. The prose was to dense for me to get even an ounce of pleasure from the read. One of my book club pals - independent of me - ran a page through an on line tool that evaluates readability - it's called a Fogg test. He says the page he tested scored 22, which means, the text was appropriate for someone that's completed grade 22.   I quit halfway through.
e7a02f9b94f5cdc9ba2544093b02b0fe	very non-critical	Good book.
82abf50f7491e9084d06c4f6474ff1a1	very critical	After much thought, I've decided to rate this book with 4 stars. Compared to all books, I would probably give it 3 stars. In a category of only memoirs, I would give it 5 stars. I got this book in a grab bag from a used book store and I was reluctant to read it for 2 reasons: 1. I hate memoirs (snooze city). 2. I hate books about religion/religious lifestyles. That being said, this book was fantastic! I don't know how Rhonda Janzen did it, but I was absolutely entertained throughout this entire book. And she did not manage to annoy me (not even once) with talk of religion. I loved her humor - very deadpan...blunt...dry...excellent! I actually loved learning about the Mennonite lifestyle - especially the chapter about the embarrassing foods that she had to take to school for lunch. It absolutely cracked me up. Rhoda's mother was hilarious - loved her (and her lard sandwiches!!). Her viewpoints were priceless. I was even amused by the frequent bashing of Nick - the husband who left her for Bob on gay.com. The bitterness shines through when it comes to Nick, but her amusing prose was hilarious to me. Rhoda manages to take bad situations and infuse them with humor and hope. She's such a good sport. She even took the pee bag in stride. Seriously, I loved this book (and am still shocked by that fact). I highly recommend it in the memoir category. Just be prepared for some crude humor.
2baa4f1f100add873dbb10c1db85e062	non-critical	What fun! Amelia Peabody is officially one of my top cozy mystery series, if not 'the' top! I could just picture her rolling her eyes and using her parasol to get her points across. I can't wait to get my hands on the audiobook!
806d28f6156c5952fc8e16df2c7dcf95	non-critical	God this book was dull. Not to mention confusing. I had to read it for a report, and it was an excruciatingly painful experience.
ccaa717b06e91113ea70205a6a370d6a	very non-critical	"""The Hangover"" in 1840's Scotland--Brilliant!"
b1f893235d742a4093f0a3ef8b16b395	neutral	1st Recorded Reading: October 12, 2005   Once again Brother Cadfael goes wandering forth from the Abbey, involving himself in at least two murders and one set of sweet young lovers in and around Shrewsbury. In fact, he is the sole finder of the first body, and once again, it never occurs to anyone to wonder if the finder of the body is not the killer. But of course, Brother Cadfael is pure of heart, and would never do such a thing (one hopes). I found this one to be one of the more interesting books in the series, as there are something like four or five separate plot threads that intertwine to form one dandy mystery book.   It is now October of 1142, and the Empress Matilda is under siege in the castle at Oxford by her cousin and opponent in the Civil War for the English Crown, King Stephen. Just before the siege ring closed, the Empress had managed to send out a man, one Renuad Bourchier, with money and jewels and a letter for her closest supporter, Brian FitzCount; but his horse was found stayed near the road, with a blood-stained saddle and empty saddlebags. Closer to home, one Richard Ludel, hereditary tenant of the manor of Eaton, has died finally of wounds that he incurred while fighting in the Battle of Lincoln for King Stephen, in February 1141. His heir is ten-year-0ld Richard Ludel, who was placed by his father at the Abbey for his education until he should come of age. The boy's grandmother, Dame Dionysia, would much rather have the boy home at the manor, so that she can arrange a marriage with the daughter of a nearby landowner, but Abbot Radulfus is firm in his right to keep the boy at the Abbey. The boy is quite aware of his grandmother's designs, and would much rather be at the Abbey being educated with the other boys than be married to a woman who he regards as quite old (at least eighteen).   Dame Dionysia enlists the aid of Cuthred, a holy hermit who has just arrived in the neighborhood (along with his servant, a young personable man named Hyacinth), to try to get the boy back to the manor. Meanwhile, one Drogo Bosiet, a lord from Northhamptonshire, has arrived at the Abbey; he is in search of a villien of his who had attacked his steward and then run away. Bosiet, a hard cruel man, means to have the hide of his villein, and will stop at nothing to find him.   In short order, a dead body is found in the forest (by Brother Cadfael), and the young Richard disappears; and it falls to Brother Cadfael to be the one to find out what has happened, and to resolve all of the mysteries that center on Eyton Forest in a satisfactory manner. In doing so even he is conscious of having absented himself without leave quite too often from the Abbey, and he pledges at the end of the book to bide dutifully within the bounds of the Abbey during the coming winter.   Again, I very much enjoyed this book, and loved how all the different threads finally came together, thanks to Brother Cadfael, who remains one of my favorite solvers of mysteries (at least now, while I am re-reading the books in the series).
d22eb9fbd973bfa806c9f6f8766610b2	very non-critical	"The Underground Railroad by Colson Whitehead   Recently short-listed for the National Book Award for Fiction, The Underground Railroad is the story of Cora and her dream of freedom, a foundational American aspiration that endures in spite of everything America herself does to undermine it. From the institutionalized barbarism of slave-catchers and regulators, overseers and masters, to the more subtle though no less daunting challenges posed by dissension among the oppressed and indifference among the free, this is one woman's odyssey of hope and fear, the dangerous seduction of motion juxtaposed with the lure of stasis.   Whitehead's genius here is in creating a tale of real historical, sociological, and political import that never descends into polemic. Rather, The Underground Railroad moves like its namesake and more than that the cause of racial justice in America--at times hurtling towards apparent success, at others stopped cold, perhaps forever. There's no denying the strength of character escaping slavery demands of Cora (and must have demanded of everyone subjected to it). But Whitehead takes us deep into all of the people who orbit Cora, exposing the secret costs slavery exacted of them and America as a whole. Costs America pays to this day.   In The Underground Railroad, there are no pointless ""villains."" Characters that might, in a different writer's hands, so easily become two-dimensional are given their dues. From rich whites bred to and utterly corrupted by their ""mastery,"" to the economically disadvantaged slave catchers that draw identity from hunting and tormenting other human beings, to the current and former slaves convinced out of fear, selfishness, or any number of other motivations to betray the people they might so easily have become there are no antagonists stripped of their humanity.   Through this vast cast of characters, Cora must make her way, trusting only in her overwhelming desire to be free. Trusting in a destination she can never be sure of, a destination (in a dramatic masterstroke) readers can never be sure of until the book's final pages.   http://www.thenervousbreakdown.com/kb..."
ed06946003b7488c294b09ae55311717	non-critical	"Incredibly moving. I read it very slowly and found myself completely buried in its cruel and inexplicable beauty. Nothing else to add.   ""They may have been few in number, but they offer sufficient proof that everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of the human freedoms -- to choose one's attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one's own way."" -Viktor E. Frankl"
3d9eb20fe1b0f98790ceaa97cf9eb1ef	very non-critical	review to come
9243afef291b4841db19e7ff6cdbe793	very non-critical	Insightful. Insightful. Insightful.
3a054d36a0794a51ac7ec99437782624	very non-critical	All time favorite:)
6805537905e5a7f960da940a53f120e9	critical	"I begged for a review copy of this novel knowing nothing about but that it was Kate Forsyth's newest. Forsyth wrote one of my 2013 top ten reads,   Bitter Greens   , and I will basically read anything she writes. My blind devotion was well rewarded with this one!   Set in the early 19th century, this novel follows Dortchen Wild, neighbor of the Grimm brothers -- yes, those Grimm brothers. One of a handful of daughters of a cruel apothecary, Dortchen has had feelings for Wilhelm Grimm, but a relationship between them seems impossible: Wilhelm is poor and seems more interested in her older sister, and her father is ruthlessly controlling of her and her time. Still, Dortchen maintains contact with the Grimm family, eventually becoming a crucial source for Wilhelm and Jakob as they assemble their volumes of German folk tales.   Although I expected this novel to be more about the fairy tales -- perhaps even some retellings of Grimm's most well known stories -- this is actually a novel about how the stories were gathered, and most importantly, who told the stories to Wilhelm and Jakob.   In her opening note, Forsyth points out that the Grimm brothers were collecting their tales as young men at the same time of Byron and Austen -- not musty old men from the Dark Ages, as many (like me!) might imagine. Even more, the interest in gathering these stories came out of a desire to preserve rural German culture in the face of Napoleon's relentless conquest and rule. It was this political background that made this story most fascinating and illuminating, and the narrative is flavored by the terror of occupation and the cruel realities of war.   Dortchen and Wilhelm's relationship is slow to grow, made more complicated by some terrible abuse Dortchen suffers. Here is where Forsyth's skill shows, for she makes the tribulations suffered by Dortchen both grimly realistic and reminiscent of the trials of a fairy tale heroine, mythical and mundane in equal part. I didn't know whether to wallow in the unfairness of life or hope for magic beans to liberate her, but I needn't have worried as Dortchen is an immensely capable heroine. Her story left me teary and a bit breathless.   Fairy tale retellings are very trendy, and I appreciate this ""behind the scenes"" kind of story that makes those familiar stories richer and more intriguing. Those who like a knockout heroine who doesn't wait to be rescued will love this one as Dortchen has neither a Prince Charming nor Fairy Godmother to rescue her. This is a nice brick of a novel that reads very quickly and is wildly engrossing -- the kind of historical fiction that will send you down Wiki rabbit holes and stick in your mind for quite a while."
de6776c2723c09da7b9d39f29c700eab	very non-critical	"Okay, now I'm really anxious for Royd's book (   Lord of the Privateers   )!   December? Sigh...   A Buccaneer at Heart gives us Robert and Aileen's story--along with phase 2 of the ""figure out what's going on in Freetown"" mission. The danger is bumped up--they (and we) learn a bit more about who's involved in the plot, meet some of the truly scary dudes who are responsible for kidnapping dozens of English men, women, and children from the settlement and its environs, and actually witness a group of older children being taken by the ""pied piper"" of slavers. (That part was hard to read. When those poor kids realized they'd been had, and that they weren't going to be sending money back to their families after all...Aileen and I were together in our heartbreak.)   Robert and Aileen were fantastic--great together, and just as great when they were driving each other slightly crazy before they got smart and joined forces. If ever there were two people more made for each other, I don't know who they would be...it was easy to forget that they really hadn't known each other all that long. Their compatibility and the adrenaline rush of their quest made their connection feel totally natural.   I was practically bouncing in my seat by the end, when we finally see Caleb--I read his book (   The Daredevil Snared   ) first, so it's been great seeing all the pieces fitting together at last. I didn't realize exactly how he ended up getting involved in the quest, though--I'm sure it must have been in his book, but maybe I was too occupied getting caught up on the background of the mission at the time?--and all I can say is, good for you, youngest Frobisher! I am beyond excited to see that all of the brothers (and, I'm sure, their significant others) are going to take part in the big rescue.   Is it December yet?   A Buccaneer at Heart is the second book in the series, and really works best not read as a standalone. I'm not one to say you have to start at the beginning (I'm actually glad I started with #3) but this is definitely one series for which one book is not enough.   Rating: 4 stars / A-   I received a complimentary copy in exchange for an honest review."
210232bd12aca3b00e9800a050c7a1e0	non-critical	I have read this once and also listened to it on audiobook. There is so much information, you can read it twice and still not absorb everything. The audio version is fantastic. I will probably listen to it again.
afcbe31482f403a7dd5716b0e2df35e9	neutral	Check out my blog to see Reviews of Book and Movies, and check out some Recipes!   I was intrigued by this book and was very interested in learning more about Daphne Park.   This book is great if you are needing to something such as write a reference paper, but as for an enjoyable read, it is quite dry.   There was a lot of excellent work into research into Daphne's life and to how she become the Spy that made such an impact, both for women's rights and for Britain.   However, it wasn't the easiest book to read, it was painfully dry and slow at some parts, but still a valuable resource is you are wanting to know more about Daphne Park.   Solid 3 stars for me.
7ef507cb607b3d6bce026643a2af451c	neutral	syr@ mlhm@ t`lmn lt`ysh m` m ySybn mn nkbt mzmnh!
34dd23ed458cdfd709bdbcf5834da3d4	neutral	A moving and emotional story of separated Jewish twins in New York, reunited in their 30's. Given that I'm Jewish, born in New York in th 60's and have two adopted cousins, it may have resonated more with me than it might with some random other person. 4 of 5.
db36e0134f169b93c6c0a0d586ed57df	neutral	Noioso
64c718058f112ab679ee6572b4942fa7	non-critical	Story was okay for me, it might have been because I listened to the audio book but at times I found it hard to keep the characters straight. That said I loved the location and the descriptions of the people and places in Provence.
58852f856ebfd311dc2e94cbfa294b45	critical	A horribly written and researched book that contains some very general information on the 20s and almost nothing about flappers themselves. Nearly half of the book is devoted to thin biographical sketches of famous individuals from the beginning of the century, and most of these have little to do with the alleged topic of the book, unless people such as H. L. Mencken and John Scopes were somehow involved in flapper subculture in some mysterious way the author is keeping secret. Ten minutes with the Wikipedia pages for Flapper, F. Scott Fitzgerald, silent films, and prohibition will give you more content than this text. That would be more research than the author appears to have done.
aecfe4b34cf85d15a99d756290799e9d	non-critical	I hadn't read this book until I was married. It is one of my husband's favorite books. I loved it. I loved the fact how he was able to deflect suspicion by portraying a fop. Humorous and very entertaining.
22a9672fb7492db2c3f1789697e0fcbf	very non-critical	I loved the straight from the hip attitude. I would have loved to have Lily as my granny.
593636aa1e4239c01193a5efa2bf89d1	very non-critical	not impressed.
0209c7c14ee592b93a6ee76179eec49d	very non-critical	Imagine Billie Holiday played by Pam Grier from Foxy Brown. That's Billie Holiday.
fe9901a8a16f6ec4c02d999152b79582	neutral	What an amazing read.....I could not put this down. It was so different from the first two. I loved the rawness of it, the realness of it. Ugh. I'm speechless. This trilogy left a mark on my heart. I could not make myself finish the last several pages last night because part of me did not want it to end. There were parts I did not love but they are not even worth mentioning. Bravo Paullina. Gasp, sigh and sniffle and smile.
9fe0517a1a26238a902674b234358475	neutral	This is the kind of book writers hope they can compose and hope they have the opportunity to compose. The language used is lush and vivid but never too graphic, encapsulating the horrifying effects of war in an elegant, sophisticated way. It is well and gorgeously crafted and was a pleasure to listen to. The narrator, Zach Appelman, performs each character with such intimacy and subtlety that he should also be applauded.
578e65e5878ee4f00e0713d7d4c76a25	very non-critical	25 page long romance that spans four years, lol, but i love her writing, so I just had to read it
282fbf90ea5936241d1944564f96a96a	very non-critical	3.5 stars. C'mon, Connie, give me the All Clear.   This is the second Willis I've read. As with the first one, it took me several scores of pages to get into the novel, to get used to her characterization and jumping from person and plot to person and plot. I feel for the characters (even if I see the stock characters repeat themselves in her novels), and I'm eager to read the second half of the book.
00aaf64268b7a42adcbea505ca972396	neutral	This book is a historical fiction that takes place in Dejima, the tiny artificial island separated by a bridge from Nagasaki, where the Japanese allowed the Dutch to establish a trading outpost. The book made me tremendously curious about the history of the interaction between Japan and European countries before Commodore Perry forced the opening of Japan in 1853. I'll go out on a limb and say that if you enjoyed the historical fiction aspect of Shogun, then you'll like this book. (This book skips the tragic love story.) The characters were very believable, and the story line was great. There were lots of twists and turns to the plot. All in all, a very enjoyable book.
fd64b8ec70db54c15c5f5d7779bf8b1a	non-critical	3.5   This book focuses on Alexander's childhood and adolescence. There is a lot of emphasis on his relationships with his mom and dad. It felt very Freudian. The writing was good, sometimes unclear. This one felt true to the time period and characters although sometimes I felt a little distant from them.
c36cfcf96f645334c1e97c69026b20d1	non-critical	I just LOVED it! I've read it in portugese and the tradution was also so good!   The story makes you want to read and read non stoping and I'm not spoiling but the final is simply amazing.   I hardly reccomend it!
b397406b15810129abc28c8342ddc837	very non-critical	Had to stop reading at the rape scene.
11dd330836915c80cb221aa599ce2cc9	very non-critical	I thought this was fiction.
5ca1fd0b8de96f0da4e4c2e5eb2072e2	very critical	Appreciating cartoons of foreign cultures is no easy task. Now that I'm not in a constant struggle of using English I call my second language day in and day out, I find being culturally literate is my next hurdle, though so much more fun. This is really where the rubber meets the road - being sufficiently fluent so that I can enjoy another slice of humanity otherwise unavailable to me. This next hurdle, understanding, appreciating, and enjoying pop culture, is as head-scratching, dictionary-flipping, and googling, as it is fun and enjoyable. Especially cartoons. The very form of art that requires the same treatment of a gossamer. Not exactly compatible with language learning, I must say.   But Bob Mankoff did an amazing job from narrating his own journey as a cartoonist and a human to explaining the mechanism of humor with humor to giving a tour of this cartoon business at the New Yorker. I thought he really had a knack in writing that helped overcoming a certain glass wall when appreciating cartoons. I've seen some reviews saying that he came across as arrogant and self-absorbed and whatnot, but that never really has been news flash, so here's a chill pill for you.   It was such a delight to read this book. Highly recommended for some light-hearted and informing reading.
603639fb65d11383bdc9787c26ba1771	non-critical	An interesting story, but the main plot was rather throwaway, it was more of a platform for the intriguing characters Peck created.
c63ef8d4ccb5dfc93acdc79bd9d31942	non-critical	Great book. True story. This sheriff still runs the tent city in Arizona. Story of his life.
416050e26c8368c95ff787fa0303e032	neutral	I did like the book. I liked the history and atmosphere and the sense of place. I guess I liked the plot and was intrigued by the idea of the modern heroine inheriting the memories of her ancestor, Sophia. I just wasn't too taken by either heroine. They weren't all that interesting, personality wise. and neither were the main love interests. I had the same reaction to the plot development late in the book that most readers had. It was clumsily and, it seems,cynically done to provide the opportunity for a sequel. I loved the romantic ending, however telegraphed it was and however fantastical it was. Why 4 stars? darned it I know. Will I read the sequel. You bet.
a47951670136755da13a99a7bb742fdc	neutral	Este livro marca-nos realmente, e lindo, lindo, lindo!!!!   O facto de a morte ser a narradora da historia e invulgar mas nao deixa de ser interessante, pois vai-nos pondo a par de todos os acontecimentos, ao mesmo tempo em que nos prepara para o que esta para vir.   A linguagem usada e simples e deliciosa, uma escrita fluida que se consegue saborear inteiramente.   Aborda a tematica da Segunda Guerra que, embora seja ja um tema muito gasto, neste livro esta descrito de uma forma tao leve e serena que nos consegue prender...   A meio do livro vi o filme e achei-o igualmente bom, mas sem duvida que o livro esta muito mais recheado de pequenos pormenores e detalhes que filme algum conseguiria abrangir.   Ja tenho uma saudade enorme de Liesel, a nossa pequena ladra de livros.   Este e sem duvida um livro a ler por toda a gente, independentemente da idade.
d4d6f8e2ad4a6760b32ccf24ea2c2e2e	critical	can't stop thinking about this book!   the many different ways that he stared death in the face... the stark look at humanity at the most base level... the fact that he was able to survive all that he did. it all blows my mind. i knew the horrors, have visited a concentration camp (Dachau), but this still changed me. it is such important reading for everyone, i think, and i'm just so glad i finally did get around to it.   i've never thought this about any book before, but how can you rate this anything but five stars? It's such a powerful book that it's almost funny to me that anybody would rate it any less.   one of the things in particular that's staying with me: when the first large group was lined up in the ghetto -- the leaders he admired and kids that he had laughed at in his childhood.. everyone in his community that he was so familiar with suddenly being at this same level, awaiting the terrifying unknown.
37377a5ad07778a2219f46a14cc67392	neutral	"The last part of the book was so sad! I'm sitting here after reading it with tears in my eyes. It was interesting reading about the feet binding and how life was back then. I know it was just a work of fiction but I hope that Snow Flower and Lily are finally together and have resolved their differences and have become ""old sames"" again.   Highly recommended but when you get near the end of the book make sure you have tissues nearby!"
1bf1a61f946f2c355db189fd22caa6d0	neutral	Pravda ridko buvaie radisnoiu... mabut', na te vona i pravda?
c332faa43faf8aa95dd9aa2ab83c1c4e	non-critical	All Carly fans will like this book. I was pleasantly surprised by her ability to write. I never got bored and she did cover her marriage with JT, but her childhood growing up in the Simon family was more fascinating.
afe98681e58bfc62dc1504ccbcee065d	neutral	Realmente es un 4,5 ya que aunque me gusto muchisimo el libro no llega a estar a la altura de los anteriores de la saga.   Mi Resena:   http://angel-elixir.blogspot.com.es/2...
2b841a687039681bce5b3e7dd5b8cde3	neutral	"I have to admit, I didn't expect this book to be anything like it was. That said, the first third of the book was barely interesting except for the sweet friendship between Jane and Helen.   The meeting and subsequent relationship of Jane and Mr. Rochester was when it started to get good. I was filled at complete dismay, however, when Mr. Rochester and Jane were about to get married at about page 300. I feel like she was quite justified in leaving, and I realize that she had feelings for him, but I really dislike that she came back to him in the end. It doesn't really help that he was worse for the wear, because she didn't know that he was when she ran back to him.   This might be my biggest criticism of the book. The entire entertaining bit of the story revolves around her relationship between Mr. Rochester who is incredibly possessive of her. Yet, she just can't quit him and I don't understand. She seems on the face, especially given her childhood, to be strong enough to realize that she doesn't deserve the kind of treatment she receives from either Rochester or St. John. In fact, she seems to welcome it. I just don't understand.   There are moments of brilliance in this book when Jane does stand up for herself. Nearly all of those moments seem to be undone later in the book. That said, it was much more entertaining than I usually ascribe so-called ""literature."" It is definitely worth reading at least once."
beb636969ebea6fd2ffbbbf5d57de034	neutral	Kitapta kisaltmalardan sonra gelen ekler tamamen hatali ve eger takilinirsa okuma deneyimini bozuyor. TDK'nun, HU'nun (Hacettepe Universitesi) gibi...
d3ab80456885d0b280276d2d0bf85558	neutral	An interesting book, the small details of a search for information about one individual's fate during the Second World War could seem tedious at first. However, I then started thinking about how this kind of situation would have me personally engrossed in a hunt for answers. The personal aspect of history fascinates me and the slowly unfolding, yet scant, detail of Dora's life brings that period of history into focus.   I feel that I would have been even more engrossed in the novel had I been more familiar with Paris. however, having only visited once, I wasn't as able to conjure the imagery that the author so eloquently described in terms of locations.
312a01f77760011084299b69a2b03a4e	non-critical	A wonderful read. Lady Day was strong, vulnerable, funny and a very smart person. She had a big heart and an enormous gift. It was a tragic day the day she died. But through her singing and through these words she lives on without the vulnerability. A truly amazing person!
550cb679744e2d7bdbc48c18d5b29a40	very non-critical	Don't know what I wasted a day on this.
6bda3ba04f9b26e18f43203be79b4b5b	very critical	"Frost provides a clearly written overview of life for children in England, Scotland, and Wales during the Victorian period. Attempting to move beyond the two major stereotypes of Victorian childhood - oppressed, abused children, or innocent children ensconced in a loving, if conservative and patriarchal, family - Frost acknowledges that both have roots in historical fact, but urges her readers to delve more deeply in the nuances and details of children's lives. While the Victorians didn't ""invent"" childhood, they did carry on innovations, especially from the 18th century, even while simultaneously retaining many older views about childhood (10). Still, Frost argues, ""the Victorian era was crucial to the development of modern childhood. The amount of attention to children's needs, the range and number of reforms, and the many parliamentary acts to increase the legal rights of children all point to the significance of the nineteenth century in improving children's status. In other words, even if the ideas or impulses were not new, their implementation and reach were innovative and had far-reaching effects"" (10).   In her introduction, Frost outlines the different social identities that made significant differences in the lives of children in the period: what generation they grew up in (early, mid or late Victorian); where they grew up (town or countryside; nation); what class they belonged to; and what sex they were. Frost is careful to recognize how these differences influenced the ways that children were treated and conceptualized in the four subject-based chapters that follow, focusing on families, on schooling, on work, and on play. The final three chapters discuss larger institutional forces: religious and patriotic/imperial groups for children; workhouses and jails; and child-saving movements and institutions.   Focusing on children younger than 14, Frost draws on primary resources, particularly autobiographies, although she also relies on a few major secondary sources written by previous historians, primarily Eric Hopkins (Childhood Transformed: Working-Class Children in Nineteenth-Century England), Pamela Horn (The Victorian Town Child), and Thomas Jordan (Victorian Childhood: Themes and Variations, which I tried to read first but couldn't stomach because of its ahistorical, judgment-laden approach to the material). Rather than analyzing ideologies of or discourses about childhood, Frost's work draws focuses upon the actual child in history, and includes many quotations from autobiographies, particularly those written in the latter part of the period. She is wary of our own tendency to impose current-day ideas about childhood on the past, and warns us to ""keep in mind that myths about childhood exert a powerful pull on the contemporary imagination. In other words, one should not read current expectations of childhood into a different context"" (5). She is careful to contextualize differences between Victorian views of children and current-day ones, as well as to point out the roots of current-day approaches to childhood in Victorian innovations."
4402d6f773b852148f15ff31f785e32d	non-critical	Manages to wrap the history of the battle in a great story about the men involved, kept my attention for the whole book. I would have liked more background information but it is very focused on the battle.
7fa369b8a1ea2c7c355ff8d98cf76ae8	non-critical	I met the author at the Mudgee Reader Festival in August 2016 and thought she was fascinating. It took me this long to finally read one of her books, it will certainly not be the last. A clever re-telling of the Rapunzel fairytale, I really enjoyed it.
8b1994cbcf802336a781b34493701b67	critical	"I've been wanting to read a Kristy Cambron book for a long time now. I actually first heard about this one when I filled out a survey to help choose the cover. When I read the blurb I was hooked. Like everybody, I've always found Illusionists mysterious and mystical. I loved how that feeling translated into the book. There was constantly an air of mystery to Wren, and it was fun to watch it unravel around her as she grew as a character   It's very clear in the writing and romance and plot that Kristy Cambron knew exactly what she was doing while writing this. The world built around this story is vibrant and feels so real. I haven't read a lot of stories about Houdini, but I've wanted too for a long time. I also liked how there was always something the characters knew that we didn't, the last of their secrets not revealed until the very last pages.   And also THAT ROMANCE THOUGH. I literally highlighted one of the kisses because it was perfection (oh, does this make me weird?? ;) ) the romance is slow, but expected. There's that tension there, which build up the chemistry and lays the groundwork for actual romance. So when the romance actually does happen, it doesn't feel ista-love-y, and it's because we all saw it coming and shipped it.   My only complaint is that plot twists weren't like ""OH WHAT I DIDN'T SEE THAT COMING, OMG OMG OMG"" to me. They happened, and I was like ""oh"". I didn't see them coming, but they didn't really wow me either. There was also the time jumps. If I was paying a lot of attention, sure I noticed them. But I do a lot of my reading while I'm supposed to be paying attention to normal things like people (ew), so I didn't always noticed them and I kept getting confused.   All in all, it was a really fun mystery with a gorgeous romance and twists abound!   CONTENT GUIDE -   Sexual - kissing, mentions a need for a chaperone, an implied affair   Violence - abuse, shooting, kidnapping   Cussing - none   Imbibing - illegal drinking"
7ec8e231f28a501c02d0df86a37ee14b	critical	"I'm very torn on my opinion of this book. On the one hand, I felt at first that she was a little harsh toward the media view of the blind. However, after thinking that I watched ""Shrek"" and the three blind mice were exactly what she was saying. Her descriptions of a movie theater inspired me in my work with the blind student I work with and I feel made me better at my job. On the other hand she was a little pity-party-ish. Actually jealous of Helen Keller because she had Annie Sullivan? My view of the blind, however, is very different from her's. I was raised by a father who is legally blind, and I work with a blind student now. I don't see all that the blind can't do. I see all that the blind CAN do because I was raised by a man who didn't let his eyesight stop him from doing anything, except for driving a vehicle. I also am approaching these things from the point of view of society in 2010. She was not and that is probably the biggest difference. A blind child now, even one who can see a little bit, is taught braille. She was not taught it as a child. And, ""Shrek"" aside, the blind are portrayed more positively in today's movies and on television. So again, a little torn. Some of this book was brilliantly descriptive, and a real eye-opener. Some of it bored me and seemed a little too much like a pity party."
055dcbe47b9a3fdcecda33e83ef49667	neutral	y llh `l~ ljml!   Hqyq@, '`tbr nfsy mHZwZan llGy@ kwny qr't hdhh lrwy@ lty qblth - wk`d@ ktby lmfDl@ - `n Tryq lSdf@ lbHt@   'rb` Hkyt, 'rb` masin, l'rb` 'frd   rtbTw m`, bmSyrhm, bsjl Hythm, bdqy'q 'Hdthh, bfrnkw, wnZmh, `n Tryq ltqdyrt llhy@, lttrk fyhm, b`d dhlk, 'thr kbyr, m blmwt, 'w hlk akhr   rwy@ '`dh mn ltHf lqlyl@ lty qblth mw'khr, SGyr@, lknh kfyl@ bthr@ l`jb wldhsh@   rwy@ mn nw`y lmfDl, 'db lsjwn, wl tkhlw kdhlk, wk`d@ dhk lnw` mn l'db, l ykhlw fyh lHdyth `n lwTn wlsh`b wlfshsty@ wlTGyn wldyn wGyrh   rwy@ lTyf@, wHlw@, wtstHq, blTb`, lqr@
6433d513cabc5b3ad003701ba3257f7c	critical	"I have to admit, The Rose of Winslow Street was a little slow in the beginning for me and I almost stopped reading it thinking that I would try again at a later date. But then the story started picking up and I really enjoyed it!   Libby Sawyer has spent her entire life not being ""good enough"" for anyone around her. People look down on her because she is illiterate. She always believed that she would be a spinster and would never be able to have a family of her own. Because who would want to ""burden"" themselves with her disability?!   And then Michael comes into her life. Can I just tell you right now how much I LOVE him?! He is such an amazing man and is just who Libby needs in her corner and more importantly, in her life. He is there to lift her up and give her strength when her family is tearing her down. He is there to help her look beyond what other people see on the outside, to really see how special and amazing she is. He helps her to realize that it does not matter if she cannot read or write because she is exactly the person God created her to be... perfectly and beautifully made. *sigh*   The one thing that I did not like was the way she was treated by her father, brother and sister-in-law. They all seemed to have a big issue with the fact that she was illiterate and would make little comments to her that really got on my nerves! In my opinion her father was a pain in the rearend, her brother was a toad and her sister-in-law was a little weasel that I wanted to strangle from the beginning of the book! Of course in the end Libby forgave them for the way they treated her but it would have been really nice for them to actually admit the way they treated her was wrong and to actually APOLOGIZE for it!! But alas, they didn't.   Thank goodness Michael more than made up for their ill treatment towards her! Have I mentioned that he is amazing?! *sigh* I think everyone needs someone like Michael in their corner as well as in their life!! :o)"
9c907375686e41e6926b737cbcc308cf	neutral	Confirmed bachelor Anthony Malory is spellbound when he meets Roslynn Chadwick for the first time he saw her. The beautiful Scottish heiress is looking for a quick marriage to protect her from her nasty cousin who wants her inheritance. Tony convinces Roslynn that he will help her find a husband among London's eligible bachelors. But Tony's plan is to discredit each man Roslynn asks him about and make Roslynn his mistress. Roslynn is fascinated with Tony, but knows the handsome rogue is not husband material. Yet she is drawn to Tony over all of the single men she meets in London...and time is running out.   I first read this book 20 years ago and remember thoroughly enjoying it. This time around I was a little miffed at Roslynn's stubborn attitude against Tony. I had a hard time with her not believing him at every turn. I liked Tony, but felt the whole book could have been wrapped up quickly if he and Roslynn had actually talked about their misunderstandings. The highlight of the book is Tony's conversations with his brother, James, and nephew, Jeremy. Priceless. My rating: 4 Stars.
760afaa2523406fc3d173383cbfbed2a	neutral	"Angel Sister is set in 1936 in the little town of Rosey Corner, Kentucky, where Kate Merritt is the middle child in a family of three daughters. Gabhart's skillful writing puts the reader in the midst of this community and its characters--we know the people, and we feel the heat of a Kentucky summer.   Kate is the responsible sister who feels it's up to her to keep her family together. The task she takes onto her fourteen-year-old shoulders is a daunting one. Her father is sliding into alcoholism and her mother is trying desperately to keep food on the table. Kate's sisters are no help--the older one is a prima donna and the younger girl is just, well, too young. Throw in a couple of disagreeable grandfathers and you can see what Kate faces daily.   One day, on her way to visit one of her grandfathers, Kate is stopped by the sight of a little girl alone and crying on the steps of Kate's grandfather's church. How Lorena Birdsong's arrival affects the Merritt family and the community of Rosey Corner is the catalyst for this all-consuming story.   Gabhart does a masterful job of weaving plot lines together as Angel Sister rolls to a suspenseful conclusion.   This book is on my ""keeper"" shelf for re-reading. I loved the characters and will want to visit Rosey Corner again."
af72a8dbc19be71567f8dcde6473a54f	critical	"At the age of 53, Michael Gates Gill is thrust out of his comfortable life. Working at a high level in an advertising firm for all of his working life, he struggles to identify who he is. He is a father, but he seems to feel that he struggles with this role, due to the amount of time and energy put into his career over the years, and now his children have grown up in the blink of an eye. He gets another shock when he is diagnosed with a rare brain tumour, that will require surgery at some time, just not immediately. It is be chance that he stops into a Starbucks store one day, and is offered a job serving in Starbucks store. This is the turning point in his life. He learns much from the experience. He sees a side to life that he hadn't appreciated before. He grows to feel much more proud of his work and his accomplishments there than he ever did in advertising. He learns to appreciate people in a different way, not just were theyhad come from in their background, but what they are achieving now. He feels acceptance from his coworkers, and his family, for the first time. Many of the things he learns at Starbucks may seem like ideals of acceptance of diversity etc, that we all aspire to, but here he is faced with dealing with it in everyday life, at the age of 63. Through tellng of his new work life, he is reminded of many different moments in his ""previous life"", and of the important people he has met (there is a bit of name dropping), and the things that he learnt from people earlier on in life, but didn't really appreciate until now. It really boils down to a reminder to respect all people regardless of background, colour, race, appreance etc, something that some people could do with a good reminding of at times!"
3158e3f185a2af905873cbea82e66e9d	neutral	So far it's really good - just taking my time with it. There are some really powerful things in here, especially if you've lost someone recently (or maybe even not-so-recently, I would think). It's sitting next to my bed and it's the kind of book you could pick up on occasion and put back down for a while.
a60521876b3a3aefa1010f8ec6c97c76	very non-critical	It starts out as any old Suetonius biography. We learn about the buildings he completed and a few other nice things. Then all of a sudden, the tone dramatically changes and the debauchery commences...   I don't know what's best; ordering entire legions to collect sea-shells or wanting to make his favourite horse a consul?
5000ee31f30cb61720b3692476d5eb3b	non-critical	"This was one of the better ""Dear America"" books. It was wonderful. I liked reading about immigration in the early 1900's and reading about Jewish culture was interesting. This particular story was beautiful - I felt choked up several times while I was reading. This series is so fun, entertaining, and educational."
586e1edbadd261c13d475c5f10683c49	neutral	I don't know anything about Jhumpa Lahiri, while I've been meaning to read one of her books, I just haven't gotten around to it. That being said, I wasn't expecting her eloquence in the subject of learning and communicating in another language. She expresses not only the reasons in wanting to learn, but also fears as an author communicating in another language.   This book grabbed me. I completely empathized in a lot of moments that she had while speaking. Namely, my heart went out to her putting a voice to the crushing emotion one feels when you speak the language to a native speaker, only to have them reply back in English. I can't recommend this book enough for people who have learned and practice speaking in a foreign tongue.
0f12201546d51f8d2c88ed19629bef66	very non-critical	"ACTUAL RATING: 4. 39 (I'm doing two digits now! Hooray!)   THIS IS ACTUALLY COOL.   Thoughts:   * Jem? Jem Carstairs? Oh sorry, wrong book.   * I like Scout. Goodness, she'll be a good best friend. *mentally adds that to the ""Fictional Best Friends list""*   * Atticus. That guy knows how to argue!   * There were some characters that I hated at first but started loving/ liking at the end. (Aunt Alexa, Miss Caroline) Character Development, you're doing it right, Harper Lee.   * Miss Maudie is very cool.   * Remember that time when Scout ran to Atticus when he was talking to the group of men? Well, I was like:   BEFORE: No, No! Scout, don't go there! AFTER: Yay! Yay for Scout because you went there!   * This book is about racism but the racism part only started more than half way in the book. I don't really know if that's a good thing or a bad thing. I also like that the racism part wasn't in your face, as my sister said.   * At the end where Scout and Jem were walking home and they were attacked, I was going to predict who it was when I couldn't because I couldn't stop reading! I was surprised to see it was Boo Radley!(who saved them) Woah, there!   * Who wasn't expecting Tom Robinson to die? Me.   * I'm not really good with slow books and this book is kinda slow. There were times that I needed to dragg and force myself so I can finish this book. (And I really hated forcing myself to read because reading is a hobby, not a chore.)   * THERE WERE SEVERAL QUOTES IN THIS BOOK. IT WAS COOL. I FOUND SOME OF THEM AND SOME MOST I SEARCHED IN GOODREADS (I'll list them down below!)   That's it! Oh, you're waiting for the quotes? Here they are!   ""People in their right minds never take pride in their talents.""   ""Things are never as bad as they seem.""   ""That's what I thought, too,"" he said at last, ""when I was your age. If   there's just one kind of folks, why can't they get along with each other? If they're all alike, why do they go out their way to despise each other?""   ""You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view... Until you climb inside of his skin and walk around in it."""
227576925b24927f09ecedbfdcca5388	neutral	I first became aware of this book when the author was interviewed by Sam Seder on the Majority Report podcast (www.majority.fm).   This is a very dense book that requires the reader to be engaged for every word of every sentence. It is essentially a history of the human society as viewed through the lens of economics. Not theoretical economics, but the actual economics practiced by societies throughout history. By understanding the meaning and role of debt throughout history, the author is able to provide the context that explains the economic issues we are experiencing today and will likely experience in the future.   If you are not interested in history or understanding the reasons for the economic conditions we live in now and are likely to see in the future, don't bother with this book. However, I highly recommend it for anyone else.
6a3db0f2440578c6e0897138499e42c6	non-critical	What a beautifully tragic story. The writing was fantastic. I typically do not like books with a lot of details. I like being able to fill in gaps myself. This novel was simple and untethered by unimportant details. The author wrote beautifully, and the things he chose not to say or share had a huge impact.
e1322aa6b959453263aec03a8a7baba9	very non-critical	There's a lot of Scotch being consumed. What's not to like?
461ecd59b6013767549bebf3b1259cb1	non-critical	Such a great book and a peek inside history. The time was different but the hopes and dreams will always be a part of what makes people who they are. The book has some great photographs as an added bonus.
3702291d1ab5b9f1ad3e3a452590122b	non-critical	Basically, Donald Trump is awesome. He repeats a couple stories from another book I read, but mainly the advice is fresh, new, inspiring and invigorating. Props to him for the great encouragement.
6a4ec3d502bd6c9c4017bc5d8883fb31	very non-critical	So many eye roll moments in this book.
5c5ce3246c951693928636c8bb7753e1	very non-critical	Wow. I checked this out from the library, read it cover to cover and am going to go buy my own copy anyway.
0c597654d270f9da5cdcb7e810bfe443	non-critical	Interesting account of Britain and Germany ... Easily accessible/readable ... Geographically naive, which adds to the charm ... Not overly long ... Excellent snapshot ...
41fe3c0fe01748eb99448d3e1ce95c90	critical	"Reviewed by Jen & Janell   Janell: This is the third in a historical m/m series. I read the first one and enjoyed it. I did not read the second book because, after seeing the characters set up and knowing that their relationship leaned toward BDSM, I figured it wasn't for me. This book picks up after the events of the second, and I didn't feel lost at all. You might have trouble keeping all the characters straight if you started with this book, but you could get by.   Jen: When I picked up this book, I had no idea it was the third story in a trilogy. But even if I did, I might have picked it up anyway, because it features one of my very favorite tropes: a historical where one person is much lower than the other in social station. Here, the romance is doubly forbidden, because it involves a m/m pairing in the 1800s -and because it involves a lord and his valet. Yum.   Janell: Okay. This story rules. The end.   Lord Richard Vane, second son of a marquess, is the anchor for all of his friends. He is impeccable, he follows all the rules, and he solves all of their problems. Well, actually, he has his valet Cyprian solve a lot of those problems. We learned of Cyprian's skills previously: he's the best valet in London, and all of Richard's friends want to hire him.   Jen: Cyprian is a valet, but he's really been so much more. He's a fixer; whatever goes awry in Richard's life, Cyprian quietly corrects. He has become completely indispensable. And he has become the object of his master's desire. It's a pull that goes both ways, but until now, neither man has acknowledged the attraction. Cyprian could never make a move on someone so high above him; and Richard would never force his attentions on what could be an unwilling servant.   Janell: For four years, Cyprian has been in Richard's bedroom every morning and night, dressing him, undressing him, being ever so proper. If Richard said one word, Cyprian would act. But Cyprian is terrified to make a move, because he couldn't bear it if Richard said no.   Events force Cyprian and Richard to confront their attraction early on. Richard, moral paragon that he is, refuses to sleep with a servant.   ""If my touch becomes repellent to you, if you have needs that I cannot meet, or I have wants that you find abhorrent, yet I pay your salary, what will you do? What when I lose my temper with you, and you may not hit back?""   His argument makes sense, but it's so sad and frustrating for Cyprian, who doesn't care. After being rejected too many times, Cyprian finally realizes that he needs to look out for himself, and he leaves.   I'm going to take a detour here to mention Cyprian's hair -- it's bright red. Richard digs it so much that he orders him to powder it white every day so he won't be tempted to touch it. I loved that small plot thread. Cyprian thinks his hair is abhorrent to Richard, and he apologizes when it's not powdered. Richard finally admits how much he loves it, and Cyprian can hardly believe it until Richard tells him over and over. So sweet.   There is so much longing in this story. But there's also some comic relief: upon hearing about Richard's interest in a valet, his friend says, ""We all know you set your requirements for a lover impossibly high; I am amazed you deign to f*** below a baronetcy.""   Conversely, when Richard fantasizes about being just ""plain Mr. Vane,"" Cyprian responds: ""My dear sir. The great Cyprian does not condescend to valet a mere mister.""   The character journeys are perfect. Richard has to stop making decisions for Cyprian and assuming that he knows best. Cyprian has to stand up for himself. They have to call each other by their first names. By the end, Cyprian is once again doing illegal things to solve problems, and Richard is cheering him on, and they are madly in love and they respect each other. Happy sigh.   Jen: So here's the thing: I really liked parts of the book. The sexual tension is fantastic and the payoff is very satisfying. I also liked the class issue and the nature of a gay man's struggle in such a dangerous time. But I really felt the lack from not having read the previous books. It didn't interfere with the romance in any way. But the broader plot... the extended character list... the history... yeah, I felt it. I also Hated (with a capital H) the way Richard called Cyprian ""Mr. Fox."" There is nothing sexy about that whatsoever.   I felt like there were times the story dragged a little, especially at the beginning. And I felt like there were times Cyprian was too hard on Richard for saying the wrong things for the right reasons.   That being said, I did enjoy the book. It was sexy and I believed in the relationship between the two heroes. But I feel like I would have liked it much more had I read the two books that came before it.   Jen's Rating: B   Janell's Rating: A   ARC provided by the publisher   Review originally posted on Red Hot Books"
ed15ec116a781ba16831d9a4424af785	non-critical	For some reason I found this extremely disappointing compared to The Red Necklace.
f2c38081959f3bcb04e0de70518031cc	critical	September Sky American Journey bk 3 by John A Heldt Review   Can two time travelers solve the mystery and save a relative from the gallows???   When unemployed San Francisco reporter Chuck Townsend and his college-dropout son, Justin, take a cruise to Mexico in 2016, each hopes to rebuild a relationship after years of estrangement. But they find more than common ground aboard the ship. They meet a mysterious lecturer who touts the possibilities of time travel. Within days, Chuck and Justin find themselves in 1900, riding a train to Texas, intent on preventing a distant uncle from being hanged for a crime he did not commit. Their quick trip to Galveston, however, becomes long and complicated when they wrangle with business rivals and fall for two beautiful librarians on the eve of a hurricane that will destroy the city. Filled with humor, history, romance, and heartbreak, SEPTEMBER SKY follows two directionless souls on the adventure of a lifetime as they try to make peace with the past, find a new purpose, and grapple with the knowledge of things to come.   What did I like? My second love is time travel and I have fallen in love with this series and have now read all five books. I loved the concept of the books and each of the players in all the books. The thought and the research that it took to write each of the books but to be able to pull them all together is incredible.   What will you like? The facts of the books for anyone that is a history buff will put you into the series and the emotional depth to each will pull all the strings to your heart. Filled with humor, romance, intrigue, mystery, and history will have you till the last page. You can see the comprehensive and full-scale research but take it a step further into the details of each movement of their journeys from the clothes, paperwork and time frames. What an incredible trip it would be for anyone to experience. With the descriptive descriptions, I felt each step and held my breath for every heartfelt mistake they made while they were there.
a09c3b634a54914d7557513bd8180321	very critical	"2   This shall officially be the first book I mark DNF, I forced myself to make it past the halfway mark in case it miraculously recovered and delivered on the ""if you love The Great Gatsby, you'll want to read the Flappers series"" promise. Sadly, this was not the case for me.   The Roaring Twenties was certainly a fascinating time in America and I really enjoy reading about the speakeasy culture that blossomed during the prohibition. Vixen is the first installment of the Flappers series set during the 1920's in Chicago and that's probably my favorite aspect of the book. However, even given this lively background the descriptions and scenarios that make up the plot often felt oversimplified and predictable. The story is told from the point of view of three 17-year-old girls: Gloria, Clara and Lorraine. They each come off as different versions of shallow, sniveling socialites. Gloria is from a wealthy family, at the top of her class, President of the Honor Society and engaged to Sebastian (someone she claims is as close to Chicago aristocracy as one can get). None of this matters to Gloria though because she has discovered the allure of the flapper lifestyle and is willing to risk everything for it. Clara is staying with Gloria, her cousin, in the guise of helping with wedding preparations when in reality she is hiding out after escaping her shady past as a well-known flapper in New York. She is desperate to re-invent herself in Chicago. Lorraine is a conniving social climber and the jealous best friend of Gloria. Tired of watching Gloria turn her nose up at everything Lorraine wants, Lorraine soon finds herself in a position to get the upper hand at last. The plot teeters on the secrets these girls keep from one another.   The writing is easy to read and I found myself most interested in the twenties slang tossed around such as ""barney-mugging"" and ""Ish Kabibble"". Nevertheless, the plot was boring and vapid. I just couldn't bring myself to care about any of the characters and their seemingly trivial pursuits. After one too many exasperated sighs and a TBR that grows by the day, I'm moving on to greener pastures."
abcd641561a4ad0c28a4964ff159e473	neutral	fy lbdy@, lm 'kn '`tqd 'n shyy' khdh ymkn 'n yHdth fy bld mtHDr w 'stGrb hml lmdrs@ fy lnZr llskhry@ bl w l`td ljsdy! .. w hdh yrj`n l~ q`d@ 'nh yjb trby@ 'bny'n w t`lymhm 'db lkhtlf fl yskhr 'Hd mn shkhS mkhtlf `nh fy lshkl 'w l`rq w ldyn 'w lfkr.
934ee197ae01917412d2ad2a3776010e	neutral	Harikulade bir eser
359d769aa64cb07a125f6d8e38ad4506	very critical	Sobering, touching.   Great insight to the horrors of the WWI battlefields and bravery of the ANZAC nurses and troops. Previously I had not understood the cultural and political importance of ANZAC day. Brings the period alive.
e543061e9898dfebac8d373a415e9369	neutral	This book was well written, a heart breaking story for me. Yet I enjoyed it. What an awful time for children to being grown up in. How cruel Hitler's was not only to the millions he had murdered, but to the Youth of Germany then, brainwashing them and taking away their childhood to turn them into evil dark children. Those who resisted were punished.. I had a hard time with reading about the Hitlers Youth army. Anthony Doerr you wrote a wonderful book. Excellent author. Thank you. (less)
150999b9562979e5f7de4e0a1eb28ac1	non-critical	A compendium of John Muir adventures, I was surprised that they were all so short and he kept having them despite advancing age. All are Muir's own stories written by him. Most; however could be shorter despite their brevity, if one is only looking for adventure. If one is studying Muir, I would guess that these stories might make a good start.
a26e564c33b2001d6f42e9616c710bba	neutral	A Rapariga que Roubava Livros e uma historia inesquecivel. Cada personagem e mais memoravel do que a outra, mas o ponto mais precioso de todos, onde o autor prima, e nas relacoes interpessoais.   A Morte e a narradora, o que causa arrepios ocasionais ao leitor, mas tambem nos transmite uma sensacao de pequenez que vem a calhar em certas epocas da historia. Quando nos consideramos maiores e super-poderosos, vem a morte dizer que nos observa de cima. Que nos acolhe no ultimo momento, sem se impressionar com os homens e com as suas vilezas.   A Morte, que em 1943 diz ter estado em toda a parte, gracas ao Furer, narra-nos aqui a historia de Liesel Meminger e das vezes em que as duas se cruzaram. A pequena orfa da rua Himmel (Ceu), nos suburbios de Munique, fora acolhida pelo acordeonista Hans Hubberman e a sua mulher com a estrutura de um roupeiro, Rosa Hubberman.   Tantas vezes lemos sobre a II Guerra Mundial, sempre da perspectiva dos aliados, das vitimas arrastadas para um conflito acicatado pela ambicao doentia de Hitler, ou da perspectiva dos judeus estilhacados pela sua loucura. Aqui temos um romance que nos mostra os alemaes perante o Furer, palidos, tremulos, receosos, de boca amordacada e membros agrilhoados. Nada de se rebelarem, nada de terem pena, nada de se permitirem ser humanos, nada de desobedecer. Liesel nao entende bem o que se passa, so sabe que ha fogueiras de livros proibidos, fome, pessoas a serem arrebatadas aos seus lares e aprisionadas na farda da Alemanha nazi. Fanaticos - tambem os ha -, que so atendem os clientes se estes erguerem a mao e bramirem Heil Hitler.   Esta e uma historia de coracoes humanos que sao obrigados a silenciarem-se pela loucura geral. E uma visao unica da guerra, pela perspectiva alema, que nos mostra relances de caridade e gentileza. Cada interveniente na vida de Liesel e enternecedor, pessoas vibrantes e cheias de personalidade; o papa, de cigarro ao canto dos labios e olhos cor de prata, a mama a chamar nomes a toda a gente - especialmente aos que ama - o seu amigo Rudy, de cabelos cor de limao, a pedir-lhe um beijo. Max e os seus desenhos, a sua saudade e a sua angustia face a familia judaica que lhe foi arrebatada. As noites no abrigo antiaereo e uma mencao ao dia de Julho em que a Operacao Gomorrah arrasou 45 mil vidas em Hamburgo, onde eu propria estive. Tanta dor, tanta perda... e tao real. Eu diria ate, tao recente. E a Morte, como testemunha-mor, a expor os eventos de forma inesquecivel, arrebatadora, unica. Um livro sem igual, que quebrou o meu jejum literario de 2014. Vejam tambem o filme, o casting e perfeito.
7d642e481b78da45cce1c8ee497a3215	very non-critical	Update Complete!
bc9fae04700720a1fb564cebb78b4533	neutral	This was a lovely book. It was quietly captivating, reserved in its elegance while still telling a moving story. I enjoyed the subtlety of Griet's changes and of the narrative itself. While I finished it quickly, I didn't ever feel compelled to keep reading it, and that might be why I can't quite give it five stars. Lovely and well-written, but I doubt I will reread it.
15aeef1e694dc5bedae687276cb2b0e6	very non-critical	Yes, another WWII, Nazi Germany book. However, the voice, and the way the story is told is different, and refreshing. The narrator is Death, and the point of view is that of a young girl that he observes throughout the war.
c88d7dcadd83ddb91df66f2e3ac9150d	non-critical	The beginning was such a drag.. The rest of it was 'just okay', nothing that hasn't been written or explored before. However I thoroughly enjoyed the portrayal of LuLing's character.
15b16ebafd31d5c2b02ca2218b2b47d0	neutral	lyst bltrykh lmhm
02c43830dae0a1c5cd369a6086f36eb6	neutral	rwy@ ry'`h f`l mn lbdy@ Ht~ khr klm@ fyh.tHtj trkyz 'Hyn lm`rf@ mn lmtHdth f~ b`D lmwqf l'n lktb y`tmd `l~ fhm lqr~ wtrkyzh wtkhylh llmwqf fl ySrH 'Hyn bsm lmtHdth qbl lklm.Gny@ blSwr wllwHt wlt~ tm wSfh bbr`h Ht~ n lktb lm ykhT~ f~ wSf Tby`h bld b`yd@ mthl blGry wSrby wlbwsn@ wlhrsk.lshkhS lkl mnhm yq` mHdd l ykhtlT bshkhSy@ khr~ wl ttdkhl ltfSyl l `ndm yt`md lktb dhlk wykwn lsbb Zhr Hynh.rwy@ mmt`h
4fcf7d20aba7938bb96aea6cdf7b3b3d	neutral	I received a free copy from the publishers via Edelweiss.   Looking for Jack Kerouac begins with Paul finding Kerouac's book, On The Road, and finding an instant connection with it. It becomes his favourite book. After high school, when life doesn't turn out as planned, Paul finds himself in a place in his life he doesn't really want to be. When he meets the charismatic and opinionated Duke who is also a lover of Kerouac's work, Paul finds himself on a road-trip to St. Petersburg, Florida to look for Jack Kerouac. Paul finds much more than Jack Kerouac though, he finds himself.   Looking for Jack Kerouac is a great coming of age, YA historical realistic fiction. One of my favourite things that I enjoyed about Looking for Jack Kerouac is that it had some great and memorable characters (my favourite was Ginny).   The reason that this is getting 3 stars instead of 4 is because I found it difficult to connect with Paul (the protagonist), but others may have no problem especially if they are dealing with some difficult choices and not knowing what to do with their life.   The writing is easy to read and captures your attention from the beginning. It's also only a small book so you fly through it.   I would recommend to fans of realistic fiction and coming of age novels because Looking for Jack Kerouac is a great one. I would also recommend if you're a fan of the 60s because Looking for Jack Kerouac definitely has a genuine 60s feel to it.
36aa642036d36b2b78c28dfe705b1ea5	neutral	I've finally finished reading Essie's Roses and all I can say is - wow, what an amazing read. What a well-written, completely believable and insightful book.   Essie's Roses is a 'fictional' novel, yet it encompasses the same importance of message, and will certainly remind readers of their intrinsic knowledge of right versus wrong with the same quiet strength of conviction that Harriet Beecher Stowe provided to her readers when she wrote Uncle Tom's Cabin.   Additionally though, this book is so much more than just that. Essie's Roses is the beautifully poignant tale of two girls; one white, the other colored - who grow up together (but still separate) during the mid-1800s. This is the story of their heartfelt and true love for one another. An accounting showing how they are each able to overcome the odds of the lives they have been born into. For even though slavery (the subjugation of an entire race due only to the 'infraction' of being born a different color) was commonly accepted as 'right' during our country's younger years; Essie's Roses will force the reader to look even further beyond that misconception - in order to acknowledge that there are many additional forms of slavery; and that they each stem from cruelty, coupled with a complete and utter disregard for the pricelessness of another human's soul.   In Essie's Roses, the reader will begin his/her literary journey with a very poignant show of love - as a young colored girl named, Essie Mae seeks to save the life of her (white) best-friend, Evie Winthrop. Essie Mae also understands that to be caught would result in the loss of her own life, but she cannot - no, more importantly will not; leave her best friend to suffer alone.   From here, Essie's Roses continues - providing the reader with a brief glimpse into the lives of the mothers who birthed these two girls, before the story again moves forward and focuses on each one of the two very different, yet very similar, lives of Essie Mae and Evie.   While I could provide the potential reader with additional information about this amazing and riveting novel - I choose not to. The power of the words and the story found within Essie's Roses needs to be discovered by the reader for her/himself.   In summary, Michelle Muriel has penned a wonderfully moving work of fiction - and one that will leave no reader with a dry eye. I fully expect to see Essie's Roses on the silver screen someday, but until then I will simply look forward to reading future works by this author. Five Stars (and then add some more)!
d771e9c1a3747b340dcfffdddbf4df14	critical	"This book is important.   Carter traces the problem of ""whiteness"" to a disembodied and enlightenment form of an ideal Jesus who looks much like a western, white, male thinker. He then argues, using incredible Patristic and Black scholarship for a new beginning of theological thought that is revealed in actions of God through Israel and in the incarnation of Jesus, a poor Jew. This is a theology that celebrates difference because each difference in humanity is incarnated by the risen Christ."
bbeedfba4dd49c060371a789452bfd92	neutral	I cannot believe that I waited so long to read this, it's really good (and I totally need to re-read The Other Boleyn Girl again!!!).   I truly like how Philippa Gregory brings these stories to life, and I do consider myself a fan of her writing.   And about this book...?   I loved them all. Anne, Jane and Catherine! Poor women. All afraid of that pig-monster (Henry VIII) and obviously I think all of them were good people, if only they wouldn't have lived with him as a King... They might have had a nice life.   Also- I liked reading about Anne of Cleves, such an interesting woman, along with Catherine Parr, the only two that survived and could be said that these two did have a nice life or ending (at least not on the scaffold.)   Can't wait for the next book that Gregory's going to release about her, the sixth wife and queen, Catherine Parr.
b860aea9d88b1b27ff8830d0dfc86a83	non-critical	** spoiler alert **   I really enjoyed this book! I loved the fact that there were no stolen jewels or hidden important documents to find, or other spy nonsense that seems to be the trend in every other regency book right now. I also loved the fact that the hero and heroine were together so much throughout the book! No pining away for each other, they actually spent most of their time together!   I would have given this book 5 stars, but I was a little disappointed in the ending, in that the hero didn't ever say those most important three little words, I love you! Who is he, Chuck Bass? Maybe I'm being old fashioned, and maybe the author was trying to prove something, or maybe the character didn't change as much as we thought he did, or didn't care about the heroine as much as we thought he did, if he couldn't break down his guard enough to say those words!
1b11d39b0aff59c091fab8a0f5eb0286	non-critical	Astounding. Amazing. Turning tragedy into this wondrously magical memoir, as funny as it is poignant, is nothing short of magnificent. A humbling, awe-inspiring read that I cannot recommend highly enough.
c9cb8ddc70c7ea11bb14b9a89f9b6be6	very non-critical	I really found this book hard to finish, since they have left Scotland and have been having their adventures in America, my interest has been lost I am afraid.
d66a820fb5d87c7650cf1eec368dffc5	neutral	"A RIVER TO CROSS reminds me of a John Wayne Western. Seriously, except I don't picture Jake as looking like John Wayne. Not really sure which actor I'd pick to play him. In any case, this would make a great movie.   Elizabeth Evans' brother is murdered and she is kidnapped - all in the first few pages. Talk about the action starting off with a bang! Texas Ranger Jake Nelson rides in to rescue Elizabeth. Getting out of Mexico alive proves to be a challenge - and puts Elizabeth and Jake into closer contact with each other than either finds comfortable. Elizabeth swore never to love an Army man again; Jake's fiance broke his heart and he's not looking for more pain. But Elizabeth and Jake can't stop the attraction between them. Problem is, General Manuel Diego wants them both dead and he's not letting a little thing like international borders and politics stand in his way.   Yvonne Harris has a writing style and voice evocative of the Westerns I grew up reading, such as Louis L'Amour . Though Ms. Harris' novels are definitely romances, the Old West settings and characters are in keeping with the action and no-nonsense thinking of the time period. Elizabeth is a woman who doesn't let a daunting challenge keep her from anything - including riding a horse for the first time in her life...for days on end! Jake is serious, career-minded and looking to get in & out of Mexico without getting caught by the authorities. Yet he's also considerate of Elizabeth and her lack of riding skills. He's not without fault, even so he's fully hero material. So John Wayne!   While A RIVER TO CROSS is a Christian novel, published by Bethany House, it's perfect for anyone who loves Western romance, not just Christian readers or those who like ""clean"" fiction. Elizabeth and Jake are both Christian and their faith does play a role in their actions. Still, there's no preaching in this novel and it can be enjoyed by believers and nonbelievers."
90e7196b3d37f41f3ce2c2c3abb42b08	neutral	I'm no expert in this period of history, I have an understanding of the cultures and countries involved and as such I enjoyed this book very much. I have read an earlier book by this author 'The Celtic Empire' which I thought was a well written and presented account of the Celtic people. This led me to purchase this book and I will more than likely buy his latest account of the Celts titled 'Celt & Roman'.   In this book the author covers the Celts during the period of the time when Greece and Rome were the dominate players in the ancient world. Its an enjoyable read and I learnt a few things on the journey. The book covers their social background and inter-action with other people along with their military campaigns against the Greeks and Romans and their occassional mercenary role in the ancient armies. The author does not go into excessive detail but certainly provides the facts as he knows them and tells a good story in the process.
f7377e8ba83961ac53125d5b53ca04bc	non-critical	*3.5 stars*   Great friends! If the heroine wouldn't have been such a martyr, the book would have been great. Review to come...
f56b3345d33205f9f62e9bcb95642613	critical	Iddo had spent his adult years living in Babylon and eagerly anticipating the return to his home in Jerusalem. When the king announced that any family could return if they wished he began preparations. He was unprepared for how many of his family would choose to stay. Only his grandson, Zechariah, was willing to join him and his wife, Dinah, as they headed back to their homeland. When they arrived, they found the local people unwilling to share their land. What began as an exciting journey, quickly became full of lessons in patience and faith.   I'm not usually fond of Biblical fiction. But decided to give the book a chance. The story was a bit slow in places. Several of the characters were so frustrating at times that I wanted to give them a good shake. But I also learned a lot about the culture and experiences of what happened. There were several things that I felt really opened up my understanding of the story. It also sent me back to the Bible to read the story again. So that was a win. It's not a light fiction book to be read for fun. But if you are willing to really spend some time, it can be an enriching read.   I received this book free of charge from Bethany House in exchange for my honest review.
c946b0e544bb1371767a1fc3119bb34d	very non-critical	London
b4c4e1bae55e8300194b0f404a0a4f81	very non-critical	"Again, I wish in vain for half stars. This would be a three and a half. This is the sequel to Dreams of Joy by Lisa See. I ""listened"" in reverse order. This book chronicles two sisters that flee Shanghai to Los Angeles, both in arranged marriages. It focuses on life in LA Chinatown from the 1930's through the 1950's. I found that most interesting. I haven't been to LA's Chinatown in a long while. Not much remains today, except there are plans afoot to build a Walmart there. A decent, engaging historical fiction. It ends with a hook for the sequel."
c380c4e10f6ca4b838891d3dd2972e70	neutral	I liked this a lot. It is very successful in showing the reader what is going on in the mind of a person with an eating disorder. Plus, the celebrity stories are fun.
c94c4d10ca007f1d51e5e7ddf73c93e9	non-critical	I loved this book. The back-and-forth between the principals was amazing. I laughed out loud a lot. I am so glad I read this book.
2f4311c9fec71227f1c79336db21cf54	non-critical	Wonderful children's story,
cf2cf0629c23841b3b121c5bf2dcba2e	non-critical	What can I say - it was great. Love the authenticity and the storylines in the Thoenes' books. Interesting accounts of the lepers' lives - something I'd not considered in much detail before now.
adc7a6d0d30378416eee2e8ac49b34d4	neutral	"An entertaining, informative popular history account of the frequently tortured relationship between two leading political figures. The decision to focus more intensely on Nixon's point of view is justifiable but one result is that the portrait of Eisenhower at times verges on caricature.   The voice artist on the audio book-- Arthur Morey-- is simply outstanding. He offers just the right amount of inflection to distinguish between characters. His pacing and (there must be a better phrase) ""flatness-to-emotion ration"" is just perfect."
08c0cacf106e9a3090afef7be2ed1f4c	very non-critical	Sounds like a really good take on European immigrant communities
2b7e1a6a10f14b8548e92fdd5fce1d7e	non-critical	This is what historical fiction should be! Funny, vraisemblable, and feminist!
adbb9c5fdbb4ed734f718a04485291f7	critical	"Madeline is one of those characters that you route for from the beginning. ""Sweet On You,"" is an introduction to Havig's new sleuthing series about a young girl who has just started to realize that she wants more from life. Being the mayor's daughter definitely isn't dull, but Madeline wonders what her life would be like if she didn't have to constantly struggle against the idea that young ladies are only good at raising children and overseeing the servants. At the same time she doesn't understand the suffrage movement, and fails to understand why women want to vote. As the mayor's daughter, she has had enough politics in her life. Her natural ability to notice details that most miss, gives her purpose but also gets her into a few tricky situations.   I am so excited about this series. I feel like we get to watch Madeline grow up, and this book was a great beginning. This book is everything you would expect from a mystery set in America's past. I loved the style and rich vocabulary. The characters are so endearing. This will be a fun read that stretches your thinking muscles.   I received this book free from the author as part of her advance read team. I thank her for her generousity. In exchange, I was simply asked to write an honest review, and post it. The opinions I have expressed are my own. I am disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission's 16 CFR, Part 255 ""Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising"""
c14da388da573b53d2c03ced2b4cf898	very critical	There were times I thought about not finishing this book. An academic survey of a topic can be done in a tone that is dry or relatable. This was on the dry side. In addition, her focus on Dolly Parton et. al., could have been good if done well. But the way it was presented in this book made me not care very much.   That said, the latter half of the book was great. What started out as jumble of extra words trying to convey an idea turned out to be a really important survey of class in America. The author could have and should have spent far less time with extraneous information presented in the first half of the book and far more time explaining how black people are the most marginalized of all. She glossed over those important details. Even with this oversight, I have to say, there were some great insights in this book about how American's developed and maintained social class and what the impact of those classes have been on the American people. Definitely worth the read.
fb19067fabe854d25af379950dde6844	neutral	"Mit is mondhatnek? Egyreszt nagyon orulok, hogy nem ez az utolso Ambrozy baro konyv. Masreszt ... micsoda egy befejezes, vagy inkabb be-nem-fejezes ez kerlekalasan? Hajteposen, beleoszulosen fantasztikus ambrozybaros/boszormenyigyulais.   B.Gy. minden egyes konyve elvarazsol es ez alol jelen regeny sem kivetel. Mar az elso oldalakon magaba szippant es ott vagyok en is 1900-ban, Budapesten. Latom magam elott az utcakat, a tereket, a hidakat, az embereket, erzem az illatokat, athat a varos minden reszenek sajatos hangulata (a sotet es a fenyes) es persze sodor magaval a regeny lendulete elore, elore, elore a vart-felt vegkifejletig.   Igy a harmadik kotet vegere viszont feladtam a hiabavalo probalkozast arra, hogy megkedveljem Milit (tudom, hogy ezzel kissebsegben vagyok). Ez a karakter-tipus nem igazan vonzott eddig sem semmilyen konyvben, legyen az szepirodalom, fantasy, young adult vagy krimi. Sajnos nem igazan tudok mit kezdeni ezzel a durrbele, hebrencs, megyek-a-magam(nem tul okos)-feje-utan tipussal, aki nincs igazan tekintettel senkire es semmire & legtobb esetben csak ront a dolgokon.   Emma, a maga csendes, megfontolt modjan 1000szer erot sugarzobb, okosabb es vonzobb szemelyiseg, pedig -lassuk be- B.Gy. Varazslo Ur nem bant valami kesztyus kezzel vele. Jelen helyzetben o sokkal inkabb illik Ambrozy barohoz, mint a huga.   A sokkolo ""cliffhanger"" ellenere ugy dontottem, nem fogok gorcsosen arulo jelek utan kutatni es ezt vagy azt belemagyarazni kulonbozo sorokba/jelenetekbe, amelyek egyik vagy masik lany fele billentenek a merleget. Hiabavalo is lenne, mert Boszormenyi Gyula olyan mesterien szovi a szalakat es keveri a kartyat, hogy a kovetkezo reszben barmelyik elofordulhat, vagy akar egyik se, mert szinre lep egy harmadik. :)   Barhogy is lesz, mindket lanynak szoritok, hogy boldogok legyenek es nem vagyok meggyozodve, hogy a Baro jelenlegi sziv/lelkiallapotaban barmelyikojuket boldogga tenne, vagy, hogy o boldog lenne mellettuk. Emma az, aki szerintem el tudna viselni, illetve hatni tudna ra, ha nem valtozik semmi, de boldog nem lenne mellette.   Milivel halalra hergelik egymast, ami egy vonzalomhoz lehet alap, de egy tartos, boldog szerelmi kapcsolathoz biztos nem. Szoval en barmelyik lany helyeben kikosaraznam.   Egyetlen dologban remenykedem: hogy csak Husvetig kell varni a kovetkezo regenyre - nem egy evet."
d49077888f359e60beba594299e9f6fe	very critical	"War makes a victim of everyone it touches, even those yet unborn.   An intricate part of the Nazi doctrine is the progression, improvement, and protection of the Arian race. Blonde hair and blue eyes were the trademarks of this supposedly superior race and they went to extreme measures to perpetrate this goal. Likewise, the Final Solution and the extermination of all Jews, Gypsies, homosexuals, and all people with mental or physical defects was also part of this doctrine.   The concept of this book fascinated me and I had expected a strong and sweeping story that could and would rival Mila 18 by Leon Uris or one of the many other gripping stories of World War II. But this hope was soon ended as I read this story. To label it obnubilate would be too kind. The background of Petra Jorgensen is spurious at best and as the plan agreed upon by Petra and Hans Kurman was not well thought out, that could be attributed to their extreme youth. The timeline indicated in the book is askew as are the historical facts. It seems that the author didn't bother to look at a map of Germany and see that Berlin is landlocked, thus impossible to wave to a vessel departing to the United States. The land distance between Berlin and Munich is 363 miles, but in the story, the characters travel between these two cities as if they were in close proximity to each other.   The author took special pains to speak of the ""allies"" entering Berlin and avoided to mention Russians. The differences between these two, though technically allies, is so great as to make this part of the story laughable.   What could have been never materialized so with a heavy heart I award it with just two stars..... more for effort than achievement. I can't, in good conscientious recommend it to anyone."
fa9bc84f3ad382f1e5d786b3ac5cbdef	neutral	Basico si tu interes por los juegos va mas alla de tirar dados. Y si tienes tiempo para sus mas de 500 paginas y todas las obras citadas que acabaras leyendo o releyendo.   Menos mal que yo ya tenia la mitad del trabajo hecho.
2d9a0620e3947c9ec6b5ed6169c61ac2	non-critical	I loved this book from the very start it just captured me and would not let me go even at the end there was another twist and turn. I love books that are series and you get to continue your journey with the characters you so love.
23c78159b7606cb8afa83e137a7b7aac	very non-critical	I must have been one of the few people that didn't see the end coming. I howled when I finished it.
e4429b5e80ba41d020fce205168f2cb5	non-critical	this was an interesting narrative, but im personally not a fan of nonfiction, so it was a little difficult to read
e949f69060fa22a2d8561415d9cb33ac	very non-critical	This one struck home since it is about an Indian-American man in his 30s, married, getting cancer and coming to terms with dying. I couldn't help but think about what that would be like, dying, but also being the spouse left behind.
84c957d81393700201c95bce739a7658	very non-critical	"One of my favorite lines in this is the perfect way to sum up this short little Novelette - ""Sounds like a trunk full of bullshit. Whatever your daddy might think, I'm no gold-digger, baby, I am the Gold"". June is a spunky character trying to rise above a very sorrid past and this book gives you all the great dirt behind June West and her budding romance with the dashing JD. I am loving the little snips we are getting to the point where it gonna be and all shut down day when i get the book."
348996c79c9bc9fb25d2a2fea8eadb03	non-critical	"Well... What can I say about this one? My mother always said, ""If you can't say anything nice, don't say anything at all."" If I made it a habit to listen to all of my mother's advice, I wouldn't have anything to say about bad books! With that being said, this one was rotten. I was highly disappointed. It wasn't a book, it was a novella-- and a poorly developed one at that. It took too long to get to the point of the book (which I still am unclear of). That's not entirely true... I do know the point, but it took 58 of the 59 pages to reach it. I feel like I wasted valuable reading time on this book. Seriously. No character development. Mediocre plot. Uninteresting characters. I thought it was going to be something like a Pride and Prejudice spin off, but it wasn't. It might be able to pass as a small scene from the book, but that's it.   This was a free e-book from the Sony e-reader store. If you had to buy this book, don't waste your time. You'll be angry with yourself.   Note: According to Amazon, the free book was only a snippet of the actual novel. The full book is 300+ pages. I still don't think it would be any good. The 59 pages that I read were horrible. Don't be fooled by the 4 star reviews on Amazon. Those people are delusional."
942e5eca7aecb8be051a85bbe61600b4	neutral	I loved this book - it's James McBride's story of growing up one of twelve poor mixed-race children, along with the story of his mother, who grew up Jewish in the South and then abandoned her life there. Although there's a lot that isn't in the book, you don't miss it - what you get is a beautiful story, beautifully told. And his mother's voice comes across loud and clear - you feel like you know them both by the end. Moving in the best way, it's also one of those rare memoirs that manages to illustrate its culture and times without ever overtly trying to, instead merely telling a great story.
d37fc147a6c586f2fa1f6b1bf6316033	non-critical	Audience: Adult (Clean)   Genre: Regency Romance   Length: 191 pgs   Rating: *****+ (Cuz it's only funny once, rating a book a million stars. Besides, I don't want Sarah's head to get TOO big.)   Pros: I've mentioned this before. I love all of Sarah's books and I really do. She has a way with words and a way with romance that I truly enjoy. You may never understand the depth of my love for Sarah's books. That being said, this one is special. Issues are dealt with in others of Sarah's books, but for some reason this one had a special depth. Maybe I just connected with this one best out of all the others. Maybe it's because in the discussion on forgiveness, I felt like I got a little peek in the writer's soul and connecting like that is always a fantastic thing.   He said/She said: I don't want to spoil this part of the story, so I'm just going to tell you there's a very sweet story about forgiveness and mistakes that I bawled over on page 52. Go now and read it.   I said go.   Read this review and more at http://raneesclark.blogspot.com/p/rev...
0928c95b7cc88646ca6fdac4407ae724	non-critical	One of the greatest books I have ever read. It was beautifully written and Sayuri is a character you can really get close to. The book had so many unexpected twists and turns that I couldn't put it down. It also has the perfect blend of wonderful and tragic moments mixed into one amazing novel. I'm very happy that I decided to read Memoirs of a Geisha!
1e36ee89b94105b44afd8b230b71715c	non-critical	I enjoyed this a lot -- as evidenced by the fact I stayed up most of the night reading it. When I read Through a Glass Darkly, I could just tell that Koen had this fantastic backstory put together for the older characters. This book is some of that backstory. While TaGD focuses on Barbara Devane, this prequel is about her grandparents.
b747793a39aef9926b748f0c52d0d34f	very non-critical	Join Charles for a year on the road visiting his 12 favorite places in America.
247f589348d8003cc7f09d516fc24755	neutral	A romp through Depression era circuses. The characters are lively, clear and almost believable.   The story was predictable and might have had a few more shades of gray for me.   Still, Gruen kept my attention and propelled me through. The end was a little too neat, but overall a fun ride through the big top!
15c40167c98cd5dea3c51d2cd10ca46a	critical	A retelling of the story of Jesus Christ, in the perspective of his best friend growing up (who is conveniently never mentioned in the Gospels), all in modern day language. It made me laugh quite a bit, particularly for some of the meta references and nods to the Bible. A little slow in the middle, but worth sticking to.
07d87614a0502bc94f31b3163f6a3663	non-critical	One of my favorite fairytales happens to be Beauty and the Beast. The whole looking past imperfections and finding your true love as it is what is on the inside that counts, not what the person looks like. With the new movie out as well, all spotlight has been on the Beauty and the Beast movie and theme. In Beauty of the Beast, we meet Isabella aka Belle who lives with her dad and her evil stepsisters. Her father is getting sick, and her two stepsisters are bleeding her father dry. In Beauty of the Beast, Belle is the epitome of intelligent and sweet and has captured the attention of the Viscount whom of course she can't stand. When an opportunity to run away comes up, Belle goes along with her father, and during the journey her father is ill. They stumble upon a Castle where the forgotten Prince Adam lives. When Adam was a boy, there was a riot and his family murdered, and Adam scarred for life. Thus begins the twist of the tale of Beauty and the Beast as we read the interactions between Belle and Adam through their ups and downs.   The Beauty of the Beast is the perfect read for those who love renditions of Fairytales and whose hearts are captured with the tale of Beauty and the Beast.
c1027556502ac988c03204c331774d0b	very non-critical	20 November 2015: $0.00 FREE on Kindle
6af94b95bdd1baf6e3b1c7d5b893f17e	neutral	Definitely a compelling read, though I'm now inclined to go find the 9/11 report to get a little fuller picture of what was happening on the ground and in the planes. (This book deals entirely with the experience of air traffic controllers)
56ee0defd7797902d3bcac9c432a91e4	neutral	I loved learning about the ancestors of the beloved MacKenzies. It was a slow read for me since I assumed I knew the future of the characters. It was a lovely story. Sad but what could be expected of the retelling of the horror that was Culloden. I would recommend this book.
18352bc38391381acf40f44878bb8e37	non-critical	The second Cheryl Reavis book read this week and it is funny that many of the elements that I liked in the other book, I didn't think worked in this one. I had a difficult time connecting emotionally to either the hero or the heroine. Both were fairly closed off, in terms of their emotions and much of the book was based on their inner thoughts. The amount of misunderstanding and miscommunications in the book, some based on a literal lack of knowledge of the other's language, was an interesting idea, but seemed disruptive to the narrative. The idea of a women who is in a tight spot, marrying her dead sister's husband and having to try and forge a future with him seemed interesting, but the lack of emotional depth and the choppiness of the narrative left me feeling little investment in the outcome. For a romance novel, there wasn't much romance here and the historical details were not as compelling as the previous title, so I just didn't enjoy it as much. I'll definitely read more of this author's work though, she has an interesting approach to writing romance.
caf1ca6c0e1a224a8b19f6a1864bf349	very critical	Whoa.   This book was all kinds of intense.   And evocative.   Seeing the horrors of Auschwitz through the eyes of those who survived it and those who managed to escape to tell the world of the horrors is a hard read. But a read that's worth every emotion. Not only so we can never forget, but so we can remember bravery and courage of those who lived through it.   I thoroughly enjoyed this book. It's incredibly written and an incredible story. I admit, I had to stop half way through and read a lighter story. I had recently read several WWII novels in a row (no joke - I think it was four) and had to take a breath from the atrocious (words still aren't enough) actions of the Nazis. No matter how many times I read the history, I cannot comprehend the actions of humanity. Anyway...   The research is amazing and there's so many facts. Like how many of the Jewish German population refused to see what was happening (until it was too late), the actions and a vivid look at Auschwitz, how so many people didn't believe what was happening and how many people fought back in the actual camps.   As I mentioned, while these stories are hard reads, I won't stop reading them. The courage that emerged from this era is a hauntingly beautiful. Joel C. Rosenberg has several other types of novels and I look forward to reading more of his work.   Do you read a lot of stories about WWII?   Originally posted at http://booksandbeverages.org/2015/07/...
b4874280b3ddf5387ec28abd829ec604	neutral	Hedges is a particularly effective analyst. This is an outstanding look at the forces behind decisions to go to war, whether public ornot.
ff5953cfa1e5f0852b4de96b2367132d	very critical	It was an incredible book. The way she presented the realities of rape within society was creative and thought provoking. You could literally feel her frustration towards the whole system. I would recommend this book to anyone because it truly is an eye opener.
3ae6dcedbccbf202f99207f25fc56dc5	critical	This book wasn't quite what I expected, I was expecting a more general history of the Leningrad military offensive, but the book turned out to be an extensively-researched recounting of the horrors of war faced by the inhabitants of Leningrad in 1941-1942, with a particular focus on starvation. While on the one hand so much of it was beyond belief, on the other hand, when surrounded with so much death, the rules of society and humanity that once existed simply goes out the window, and horrors such as this take sway. I received this book from NetGalley in exchange for my honest review.
b5bf9af7322f17f41e9e9e24a6e3b990	neutral	This is a campaign history written by a veteran of 5th Bn Black Watch who later became the secretary of the Highland Division Association. Direct personal accounts, both from the author and other veterans, are used to tell the story of the 51st Highland Division in a very personal way. This book offers some new perspectives on the battles of the 51st, especially those in the final months of the war in which the author was personally involved.   The book starts with some background on the author's family and his early life. His link to the Highland Division starts with his father's WW1 service. When war comes he is still too young to be involved, but at the earliest opportunity he volunteers for service in the hope that he can join the 51st Highland Division. However the ways of the Army don't work out as he would have preferred, and he ends up in a replacement company of the Tyneside Scottish (a Black Watch battalion) and spends the first few weeks after D-Day in Normandy waiting to be assigned as a replacement. Eventually though he is assigned to a rifle company and blooded.   After the breakout his battalion is broken up and he is assigned to the 5th Black Watch. Shortly afterwards he is wounded and spends time recovering and then working his way through the replacement system to re-join his company in the Autumn. All the period when he is out of the line he uses other veterans stories to tell what happened to the Division (and indeed also for context around his personal accounts too).   Whether you have an interest in the Highland Division, in the infantry experience in the Second World War or the campaigns it is well worth reading.
a894a5e526d9475b7d6121523f6ac26d	very critical	"Do you have any thoughts about anything? Well that's a religion, and you are a disciple.   Homo Deus was disappointing because it is, in my view, a polite polemic for moral relativism. Perhaps the author would disagree, or qualify this. I state as much because of the following: humanism, even as defined by Mr. Harari, is repeatedly and consciously referred to as a ""religion.""   Certainly something is getting lost in the translation. But Harari makes careful and repeated explications of what he means by ""humanism"", which he divides into three neat packages. The central thesis of this book is a hodgepodge of mixed metaphors, weird piffle, and aggressive casuistry. By saying that ""we worship the dollar"" by succumbing to modernity, we are engaged in a political and social system that is religious by its very nature. I cannot concede this to be true. Our modern value of human life and free choice does not involve any recourse to absolutism or dogma. Yet he repeatedly compares it to such systems, thereby caricaturing it. He wrongly states that science can never have anything meaningful to say about human values, or what we ought to value. Sam Harris would disagree, and I find him much more thoughtful, considerate, and articulate (see his TED talk on this question, or The Moral Landscape: How Science Can Determine Human Values).   Harari seems erudite, provocative, and has a knack for an easy flowing narrative linking history with predictions about the future. His education in History likely explains the strength of this work: an enjoyable and casual romp through interesting periods for our species (I have not read Sapiens: A Brief History of Humankind at the time of this writing). When he extends himself into cognitive science, psychology, linguistics, artificial intelligence, social and economic systems, and predictions about all of the above, there are some fun possibilities but it is far too unfocused.   A book with this much breadth risks shallowness. Yes we are greedy, obsessed with the material, our businesses are in pursuit of perpetual growth, and we are ceding human tasks to the silicon chip and robotics at an alarming rate. I am not convinced by the logical endgame he proposes: that we will lose our relevance, unless we are among the lucky few who get upgraded to ""superhumans"" by the latest genomic rewrite. Perhaps a more focused work could convince me of it.   There is an interesting chapter toward the end of the work, entitled ""The Great Decoupling."" In it, Harari predicts we are likely to value the improvement of our wealthy/healthy citizens as opposed to curing and educating our unwashed masses. Since this is already happening, I cannot but agree.   Also, drinking game: every time Harari mentions fMRIs. Far too often."
