853	1	There are moments of life that we never forget, which brighten and brighten as time steals away.
837	0	I once thought it would take a miracle to improve my circumstances. Now, I believe it will take something far more powerful, if such a thing exists.
281	0	Being with you never felt wrong. It's the one thing I did right. You're the one thing I did right.
576	0	"I'm a big man, sugar. When I come down on a woman, I want soft, not a bundle of sticks that I might break."" - Logan"
209	0	As if you were on fire from within.The moon lives in the lining of your skin.
610	0	"Nuclear deterrence will remain a vital aspect of security. or Nuclear deterrence will have a smaller role in future security.Sources are split in their assessment of the importance of nuclear weapons and the validity of traditional nuclear deterrence in the 2001 - 2015 period. On the one hand are those who see nuclear weapons as decreasingly effective tools in deterring war. On the other are those experts who concede that nuclear weapons may have a different role than at the height of the Cold War, but who argue that they remain the ultimate deterrent, with considerable effect on the actions of even rogue states.Many experts who state a moral opposition to nuclear weapons have translated this into forecasts of a globalized world in which nuclear deterrence no longer makes sense. With greater economic interdependence, this argument runs, even the so-called ""rogue states"" will be reconciled to the international order, renouncing or reducing their overt or covert nuclear arsenals."
933	0	I was chubby in high school. I used to go to my information technology class, and I would type really fast to get the lesson done quick because the teacher had a little acoustic guitar, and there was a girl I had a crush on in the class. I would take the guitar and pretend to be some great singer-songwriter, serenade her with joke songs.
726	1	A smile is the light in the window that others say that there is care, and sharing person inside.
48	0	When I despair, I remember that all through history the way of truth and love have always won. There have been tyrants and murderers, and for a time, they can seem invincible, but in the end, they always fall. Think of it--always.
986	0	Larsson was an active and lifelong feminist, partly for personal reasons but also because he saw that ending gender slavery was as crucial to next-stage evolution as ending race slavery was to the last stage. It's a noble fight, not least because the various fundamentalisms threatening Western democracy are united in their urgent need to re-cage women's sexuality.
338	0	In the moment when I truly understand my enemy, understand him well enough to defeat him, then in that very moment I also love him. I think it’s impossible to really understand somebody, what they want, what they believe, and not love them the way they love themselves. And then, in that very moment when I love them.... I destroy them.
582	0	That's how it was on Irving Circle and how I was raised: You made the best out of what was within reach, which meant friendships engineered by parents and by the happenstance of housing. I stayed with it because we both had queenly older sisters who rarely condescended to play with us, because Shelley was adopted and I was not, because Shelley had Clue and Life, and I did not
156	0	I loved her against reason, against promise, against peace, against hope, against happiness, against all discouragement that could be.
693	0	I almost wish I hadn't met him. How am I supposed to go back to my old life, my days stretching out before me with unending and brutal sameness? How am I supposed to go back to being The Girl Who Reads?
863	0	Even humanity's lack of concern for its rampant overpopulation problem now made a terrible kind of sense. What difference did it make if our planet was capable of supporting all seven billion of us in the long term when a far greater threat to our numbers was waiting in the wings? And despite the overwhelming odds, humanity had done what was necessary to ensure its own survival. It filled me with a strange new sense of pride in my own species. We weren't a bunch of primitive monkeys teetering on the brink of self-destruction after all‚Äîthis appeared ti be an altogether different kind of destruction we were teetering on the brink of.
791	1	She never had much in this life, but with the simplest things, she made her corner of the world as beautiful as any king's palace. We may lack riches, but the greatest fortune is what lies in our hearts.
573	2	The key for having success is totally rejecting thoughts that try to sow doubts into your conscience
242	2	A purpose of human life, no matter who is controlling it, is to love whoever is around to be loved.
993	1	Woody Allen is really the ultimate. I love that he believed in himself enough to do what he did. And I have that same feeling - that there's nobody that looks like me in movies, nobody would cast me as a romantic lead, but I want to do it and I feel confident that I can.
789	1	That challenge you have right now...it's not a wall
981	0	One of the things Ford Prefect had always found hardest to understand about humans was their habit of continually stating and repeating the very very obvious, as in It's a nice day, or You're very tall, or Oh dear you seem to have fallen down a thirty-foot well, are you alright? At first Ford had formed a theory to account for this strange behaviour. If human beings don't keep exercising their lips, he thought, their mouths probably seize up. After a few months' consideration and observation he abandoned this theory in favour of a new one. If they don't keep on exercising their lips, he thought, their brains start working. After a while he abandoned this one as well as being obstructively cynical.
499	0	Proceed with caution when you befriend a writer, for if you fall out of their good graces they have the delightful capability of doing any number of dastardly things to you upon the written page.
108	0	Man may have discovered fire, but women discovered how to play with it.
768	0	Celebrating faith over reason is merely a way of denying what is, in favor of embracing any whim that strikes your fancy.
840	1	Religion  if in heavenly truths attired  Needs only to be seen to be admired.
932	0	"I [Lorna Craig] would say that teaching a girl that her salvation depends on her having sexual relations with a married man is inherently destructive."" Such relationships, Craig argues bitterly, should be considered ""a crime, not a religion."
301	0	You know it's never fifty-fifty in a marriage. It's always seventy-thirty, or sixty-forty. Someone falls in love first. Someone puts someone else up on a pedestal. Someone works very hard to keep things rolling smoothly; someone else sails along for the ride.
387	0	It is neither poor handling nor the weather that turns the pages of a book a fine sepia. It is the reader's imagination.
491	0	[J√ºrgen Habermas' obituary to friend and philosopher, Richard Rorty]One small autobiographical piece by Rorty bears the title 'Wild Orchids and Trotsky.' In it, Rorty describes how as a youth he ambled around the blooming hillside in north-west New Jersey, and breathed in the stunning odour of the orchids. Around the same time he discovered a fascinating book at the home of his leftist parents, defending Leon Trotsky against Stalin. This was the origin of the vision that the young Rorty took with him to college: philosophy is there to reconcile the celestial beauty of orchids with Trotsky's dream of justice on earth. Nothing is sacred to Rorty the ironist. Asked at the end of his life about the 'holy', the strict atheist answered with words reminiscent of the young Hegel: 'My sense of the holy is bound up with the hope that some day my remote descendants will live in a global civilization in which love is pretty much the only law.
919	0	The devil is the god of this world and he has blinded our eyes.
50	1	One is loved because one is loved. No reason is needed for loving.
217	1	You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection
888	0	Thinking about spaghetti that boils eternally but is never done is a sad, sad thing.
74	0	We loved with a love that was more than love.
126	0	If you like her, if she makes you happy, and if you feel like you know her---then don't let her go.
566	1	"Arrogance and Conceit are the mother and father of a closed mind.Charles Jennings, ""Journey of the Chosen""."
263	0	Time was passing like a hand waving from a train I wanted to be on. I hope you never have to think about anything as much as I think about you.
718	0	To illustrate the nature of this theandric reciprocity, Thomas invokes, as an example, the physical touch of Jesus‚Äôs hand: ‚Äúhe wrought divine things humanly, as when he healed the leper with a touch.‚Äù The touch of a human being is not in itself miraculous, and even in Jesus this human action is not humanly healing. The miraculous fact of the healing power of this human touch, rather, as Reginald Garrigou-Lagrange puts it, ‚Äúproceeds from God as the principal cause and from Christ‚Äôs human nature as the instrumental cause.‚Äù Jesus works divine things humanly. More ultimately, Jesus wills the divine will of salvation humanly. And so he wills theandrically in the sense that what he wills has an ‚Äúinfinite value‚Äù that ‚Äúderives from the divine suppositum that is the agent which operates‚Äù. The deifying effects of the Incarnation are thus contingent on the theandric fact of the interpenetrating unity of divine-human operations.
597	0	That's Doctor Smart-ass. I didn't spend eight years in insult college to be called Mister.
670	1	...[Y]ou know very well the truth of what I [say]... I have incurred a great deal of bitter hostility; and this is what will bring about my destruction, if anything does... the slander and jealousy of a very large section of the people. They have been fatal to a great many other innocent men, and I suppose will continue to be so; there is no likelihood that they will stop at me. But perhaps someone will say 'Do you feel no compunction, Socrates, at having followed a line of action which puts you in danger of the death-penalty?' I might fairly reply to him 'You are mistaken, my friend, if you think that a man who is worth anything ought to spend his time weighing up the prospects of life and death. He has only one thing to consider in performing any action; that is, whether he is acting rightly or wrongly, like a good man or a bad one...['] The truth of the matter is this, gentlemen. Where a man has once taken up his stand, either because it seems best to him or in obedience to his orders, there I believe he is bound to remain and face the danger, taking no account of death or anything else before dishonour.
310	1	Love is . . . Being happy for the other person when they are happy, Being sad for the person when they are sad, Being together in good times, And being together in bad times.LOVE IS THE SOURCE OF STRENGTH.Love is . . . Being honest with yourself at all times, Being honest with the other person at all times, Telling, listening, respecting the truth, And never pretending.LOVE IS THE SOURCE OF REALITY.Love is . . . An understanding so complete that you feel as if you are a part of the other person, Accepting the other person just the way they are, And not trying to change them to be something else.LOVE IS THE SOURCE OF UNITY.Love is . . . The freedom to pursue your own desires while sharing your experiences with the other person, The growth of one individual alongside of and together with the growth of another individual. LOVE IS THE SOURCE OF SUCCESS.Love is . . . The excitement of planning things together, The excitement of doing things together.LOVE IS THE SOURCE OF THE FUTURE.Love is . . . The fury of the storm, The calm in the rainbow.LOVE IS THE SOURCE OF PASSION.Love is . . . Giving and taking in a daily situation, Being patient with each other's needs and desires.LOVE IS THE SOURCE OF SHARING.Love is . . . Knowing that the other person will always be with you regardless of what happens, Missing the other person when they are away but remaining near in heart at all times.LOVE IS THE SOURCE OF SECURITY.LOVE IS . . . THE SOURCE OF LIFE!
804	0	A career in showbiz is like a distance run. You have to have patience and pace yourself.
878	0	Capitalism is just a front lined big word people use to hide their ignorance in their sophisticated clothing. People have a full spectrum of words to snub their part of the problem to console that they are not the cause of a callous situation, so they cannot be a part of the solution.
849	0	I was a teacher for a long time. I taught at a community college: voice, theory, humanities. And nowadays, music education is a dying thing. Funding is being cut more and more and more.
581	0	My guess is that the Jonathan would be as out of place in England or Kazakhstan, the native ground of its ancestors, as I would be in Russia, the native ground of my own. The arrow of natural history won‚Äôt be reversed: by now the Jonathan‚Äôs as much an American as I am.
865	1	Set backs and failures are the major motivations in life.Some are so painful that don't kill maybe that's why they make me strong, immune and a reason to fight with myself.
448	1	Don't disparage ignorance. If it weren't for ignorance we wouldn't have anything to learn.
485	0	Curiosity is the art of creativity.
419	0	In a state of pseudo-death you restore your substance.
148	2	If I can stop one heart from breaking, I shall not live in vain.
557	0	the safest place to keep your secrets is to keep them in your mind with a locked tongue
324	0	For my part, I prefer my heart to be broken. It is so lovely, dawn-kaleidoscopic within the crack.
38	0	A lady's imagination is very rapid; it jumps from admiration to love, from love to matrimony in a moment.
587	0	The thing I miss most from home, is having a home.
439	0	If there is any religion that could respond to the needs of modern science, it would be Buddhism.
410	1	Even the strongest, most well-built team will, at times, be met with adversity.¬† What makes us great is not that we should anticipate less adversity the stronger that we become, but rather that in anticipation of adversity we become stronger.‚Äù¬† -Michael Joling
53	0	I would die for you. But I won't live for you.
600	0	The great thing about American women is their energy and the way they love to dress. French women don't really dress; they are too conservative, as it's always a question of money. In America, women are powerful and strong, determined. If they want to be an object, they choose to be in control.
688	0	Jiu Jitsu is the vehicle. Not the road.
880	1	If the spirit of wonder & curiosity stays alive in us, then surely we will always have new questions, and always expand our creativity in response?
717	0	Chivalry is a poor substitute for justice  if one cannot have both. Chivalry is something like the icing on cake  sweet  but not nourishing.
244	1	The reason it hurts so much to separate is because our souls are connected. Maybe they always have been and will be. Maybe we've lived a thousand lives before this one and in each of them we've found each other. And maybe each time, we've been forced apart for the same reasons. That means that this goodbye is both a goodbye for the past ten thousand years and a prelude to what will come.
132	0	Do you think I'm pretty?I think you're beautifulBeautiful?You are so beautiful, it hurts sometimes.
563	0	She was made up of more, too. She was the books she read in the library. She was the flower in the brown bowl. Part of her life was made from the tree growing rankly in the yard. She was the bitter quarrels she had with her brother whom she loved dearly. she was Katie's secret, despairing weeping. She was the shame of her father staggering home drunk.She was all of these things and of something more that did not come from the Rommelys nor the Nolans, the reading, the observing, the living from day to day. It was something that had been born into her and her only - the something different from anyone else in the two families. It was what God or whatever is His equivalent puts into each soul that is given life - the one different thing such as that which makes no two fingerprints on the face of the earth alike.
220	0	She leaned down and looked at his lifeless face and Leisel kissed her best friend, Rudy Steiner, soft and true on his lips. He tasted dusty and sweet. He tasted like regret in the shadows of trees and in the glow of the anarchist's suit collection. She kissed him long and soft, and when she pulled herself away, she touched his mouth with her fingers...She did not say goodbye. She was incapable, and after a few more minutes at his side, she was able to tear herself from the ground. It amazes me what humans can do, even when streams are flowing down their faces and they stagger on...
96	0	They didn’t agree on much. In fact, they didn’t agree on anything. They fought all the time and challenged each other ever day. But despite their differences, they had one important thing in common. They were crazy about each other.
809	1	If you are reading this, you are still alive, and, therefore, the story is not over. Something else could happen.
83	0	I have decided to stick to love...Hate is too great a burden to bear.
697	0	He began to read at haphazard. He entered upon each system with a little thrill of excitement, expecting to find in each some guide by which he could rule his conduct; he felt himself like a traveller in unknown countries and as he pushed forward the enterprise fascinated him; he read emotionally, as other men read pure literature, and his heart leaped as he discovered in noble words what himself had obscurely felt.
307	0	"I sought to hear the voice of God and climbed the topmost steeple, but God declared: ""Go down again - I dwell among the people."
957	1	Living the life you want is your ultimate responsibility
145	1	It is good to love many things, for therein lies the true strength, and whosoever loves much performs much, and can accomplish much, and what is done in love is well done.
1000	0	My children are magical creatures and I love them to death.
416	0	This is not one of your fictions where people bleed ink.
549	2	To completely understand me you must first accept that I am not you.
5	2	Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.
705	0	I believe that, in this country, the press exerts a greater and a more pernicious influence than the church did in its worst period. We are not a religious people, but we are a nation of politicians.
708	1	Be careful not to let the things that you don't have to blindfold you from noticing the all the blessings in your life.
144	1	Let there be spaces in your togetherness, And let the winds of the heavens dance between you. Love one another but make not a bond of love: Let it rather be a moving sea between the shores of your souls. Fill each other's cup but drink not from one cup. Give one another of your bread but eat not from the same loaf. Sing and dance together and be joyous, but let each one of you be alone, Even as the strings of a lute are alone though they quiver with the same music. Give your hearts, but not into each other's keeping. For only the hand of Life can contain your hearts. And stand together, yet not too near together: For the pillars of the temple stand apart, And the oak tree and the cypress grow not in each other's shadow.
270	0	From childhood's hour I have not been. As others were, I have not seen. As others saw, I could not awaken. My heart to joy at the same tone. And all I loved, I loved alone.
927	0	Interesting, I thought, how quickly history becomes stories rather than reality; one step already from the truth.
480	0	Only once in the historical record has a jump on the San Andreas exceeded the jump of 1906. In 1857, near Tejon Pass outside Los Angeles, the two sides shifted thirty feet.
285	1	This is where it all begins. Everything starts here, today.
890	0	"If he's the person i think he is, he'll handle it just right"" Tarah had said. ""If not, your better off without him."
952	0	When people are least sure  they are often most dogmatic.
295	0	Watch out for intellect,because it knows so much it knows nothingand leaves you hanging upside down,mouthing knowledge as your heartfalls out of your mouth.
951	1	Things happen to us in unpredictable ways, but the effect that that has on the kind of people who we become actually is not only open to chance - we can influence it in pretty profound ways.
14	0	Have you ever been in love? Horrible isn't it? It makes you so vulnerable. It opens your chest and it opens up your heart and it means that someone can get inside you and mess you up.
706	0	Everything that is going to kill you is extremely appetizing.
516	0	Life's but a walking shadow, a poor player,That struts and frets his hour upon the stage,And then is heard no more. It is a taleTold by an idiot, full of sound and fury,Signifying nothing.
752	0	Evangeline's obliviousness was a reason to like her rather than not: I liked least those schoolfellows whose awareness of me invariably caused misery.
357	0	She would be quiet at first. Then she would say a word about something small, something she had noticed, and then another word, and another, each one flung out like a little piece of sand, one from this direction, another form behind, more and more, until his looks, his character, his soul would have eroded away . . . I was afraid that some unseen speck of truth would fly into my eye, blur what I was seeing and transform him from the divine man I thought he was into someone quite mundane, mortally wounded with tiresome habits and irritating imperfections.
122	0	It was love at first sight, at last sight, at ever and ever sight.
622	0	When it comes to love, compassion, and other feelings of the heart, I am rich.
910	0	With my love I homeI paid for lustDigresses like some,Only, if she understood,Her curse was my unfulfilled thirst.
896	1	Awakening self-compassion is often the greatest challenge people face on the spiritual path.
984	0	His thumb went back and forth over the satin, as if he were rubbing her hip as he had when they‚Äôd been together, and he moved his leg over so that it was on top of the skirting.It wasn‚Äôt the same, though. There was no body underneath, and the fabric smelled like lemons, not her skin. And he was, after all, alone in this room that was not theirs.‚ÄúGod, I miss you,‚Äù he said in a voice that cracked. ‚ÄúEvery night. Every day‚Ä¶
473	0	Oh, Vasu. People always talk; you have to learn to ignore them.
478	0	Knowing there's one thing I still haven't told you: I now believe, by the way, that miracles can happen.
864	0	Life is hell. You don't need a heart. All that is needed is to give into the dark.The heart is only required in the unreachable heaven.
956	1	We have not yet learned that we are more powerful on our knees than behind the most powerful weapons that can be developed.
296	0	"We're staying together,"" he promised. ""You're not getting away from me. Never again."
730	1	Please hear me, you are not alone on this planet hurtling through space, solitude is an illusion, come let me help you, rise up, walk forward, walk tall, walk straight, let nothing stop you.
379	0	How lovely are the portals of the night  When stars come out to watch the daylight die.
642	0	One of the major difficulties Trillian experienced in her relationship with Zaphod was learning to distinguish between him pretending to be stupid just to get people off their guard, pretending to be stupid because he couldn't be bothered to think and wanted someone else to do it for him, pretending to be outrageously stupid to hide the fact that he actually didn‚Äôt understand what was going on, and really being genuinely stupid. He was renowned for being amazingly clever and quite clearly was so‚Äîbut not all the time, which obviously worried him, hence, the act. He preferred people to be puzzled rather than contemptuous.
754	0	Truly, we do live on a 'water planet.' For us, water is that critical issue that we need. It's the most precious substance on the planet, and it links us to pretty much every environmental issue, including climate change, that we're facing.
59	0	The only thing worse than a boy who hates you: a boy that loves you.
799	1	The eyes witness what is carved on the surface, but the hearts are witness to something much deeper.
372	1	A day is a span of time no one is wealthy enough to waste.
272	0	"People have forgotten this truth,"" the fox said. ""But you mustn’t forget it. You become responsible forever for what you’ve tamed. You’re responsible for your rose."
975	2	Hold a retrospective approach in your spirit to figure out your loopholes and try to forge out for filling them for a lucrative self growth
170	1	We waste time looking for the perfect lover, instead of creating the perfect love.
240	0	I'm on Aslan's side even if there isn't any Aslan to lead it. I'm going to live as like a Narnian as I can even if there isn't any Narnia.
208	1	Letting go doesn't mean that you don't care about someone anymore. It's just realizing that the only person you really have control over is yourself.
359	0	"Anything good on the trucks?""""Some beautiful lake salmon, fresh asparagus, and new potatoes.""""New enough their skin is peeling?""""Yes.""""I know what we're going to do today!"" Lou felt the excitement surge. This was why she loved cooking: getting amazing fresh ingredients and making something extraordinary. Luella's traditional French menu didn't leave much room for creativity, so the daily special had become Lou's canvas, where she was limited only by her imagination and whims.""We'll keep it a simple spring dinner. Roast the potatoes in butter, salt, and pepper. Maybe some thyme or tarragon, too. We'll top the salmon fillets with hollandaise and roast the asparagus."
875	0	Wise men argue causes  and fools decide them.
601	0	The echo of a platitude.
510	0	If you need to scream, find a safe place, then scream.
435	0	I come from an interracial family: My father is from Nigeria, and so he is African-American, and my mother is American and white, so I rarely see skin color. It's never an issue for me.
586	1	You don't just luck into things ... you build step by step  whether it's friendships or opportunities.
35	0	"Dumbledore watched her fly away, and as her silvery glow faded he turned back to Snape, and his eyes were full of tears.""After all this time?""""Always,"" said Snape."
635	1	If one suffers we all suffer. Togetherness is strength. Courage.
434	0	That‚Äôs the thing about the collapse of civilization, Blake. It never happens according to plan ‚Äì there‚Äôs no slavering horde of zombies. No actinic flash of thermonuclear war. No Earth-shuddering asteroid. The end comes in unforeseen ways; the stock market collapses, and then the banks, and then there is no food in the supermarkets, or the communications system goes down completely and inevitably, and previously amiable co-workers find themselves wrestling over the last remaining cookie that someone brought in before all the madness began.
312	2	sometimes you don't need a goal in life, you don't need to know the big picture. you just need to know what you're going to do next!
702	0	You ask me if I do not think that men are strange beings - I do indeed, I have often thought so - and I think too that the mode of bringing them up is strange, they are not half sufficiently guarded from temptation - Girls are protected as if they were something very frail and silly indeed while boys are turned loose on the world as if they - of all beings in existence, were the wisest and the least liable to be led astray.
476	1	Life in the wild, as I‚Äôm observing, is about survival as much as pleasure.
332	0	In a perfect world, you could fuck people without giving them a piece of your heart. And every glittering kiss and every touch of flesh is another shard of heart you’ll never see again.
474	0	Taking care of children has nothing to do with politics. I think perhaps with time, instead of there being a politicization of humanitarian aid, there will be a humanization of politics.
616	0	We are a bed business, and a coffee-room business. We are not a general dining business, nor do we wish it. In consequence, when diners drop in, we know what to give 'em as will keep 'em away another time.
8	2	It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.
422	0	Sooner or later everyone is defeated by their desires.
267	1	Trust your heart if the seas catch fire, live by love though the stars walk backward.
57	0	You are my best friend as well as my lover, and I do not know which side of you I enjoy the most. I treasure each side, just as I have treasured our life together.
385	0	If it weren't for acid, you might not have an IPod, and you definitely would not have some of the best music in your IPod.
184	0	Love is an untamed force. When we try to control it, it destroys us. When we try to imprison it, it enslaves us. When we try to understand it, it leaves us feeling lost and confused.
392	0	You're not drunk if you can lie on the floor without holding on.
872	1	Life is like the flappy bird game. There's no pause nor another chance to live after dying and there could be endless obstacles. After all, it is just a matter of patience and perseverance to get a higher score.
201	1	A DEFINITION NOT FOUND IN THE DICTIONARY Not leaving: an act of trust and love,often deciphered by children
101	0	"To douchebags!"" he said, gesturing to Brad. ""And to girls that break your heart,"" he bowed his head to me. His eyes lost focus. ""And to the absolute fucking horror of losing your best friend because you were stupid enough to fall in love with her."
60	0	So, I love you because the entire universe conspired to help me find you.
495	1	As the Universe brings your desires towards you, sometimes you must take the path it lays out for you so that you can be in the right place to receive it.
895	0	He loved books, those undemanding but faithful friends.
147	0	"There was a clatter as the basilisk fangs cascaded out of Hermione's arms. Running at Ron, she flung them around his neck and kissed him full on the mouth. Ron threw away the fangs and broomstick he was holding and responded with such enthusiasm that he lifted Hermione off her feet. ""Is this the moment?"" Harry asked weakly, and when nothing happened except that Ron and Hermione gripped each other still more firmly and swayed on the spot, he raised his voice. ""OI! There's a war going on here!"" Ron and Hermione broke apart, their arms still around each other. ""I know, mate,"" said Ron, who looked as though he had recently been hit on the back of the head with a Bludger, ""so it's now or never, isn't it?"" ""Never mind that, what about the Horcrux?"" Harry shouted. ""D'you think you could just --- just hold it in, until we've got the diadem?"" ""Yeah --- right --- sorry ---"" said Ron, and he and Hermione set about gathering up fangs, both pink in the face."
686	1	To die to our neighbors means to stop judging them, to stop evaluating them, and thus to become free to be compassionate. Compassion can never coexist with judgment because judgment creates the distance, the distinction, which prevents us from really being with the other.
397	0	Every guy liked to think that his demons were meaner and crazier than anybody else's.
894	0	Having children is like having a bowling alley installed in your brain.
317	2	The only calibration that counts is how much heart people invest, how much they ignore their fears of being hurt or caught out or humiliated. And the only thing people regret is that they didn't live boldly enough, that they didn't invest enough heart, didn't love enough. Nothing else really counts at all.
177	0	Never close your lips to those whom you have already opened your heart.
181	2	Find what you love and let it kill you.
835	1	Reflect onto the world what you want them to see. Let your heart help them figure out the rest of who you truly are.
767	0	Alcohol let's us go on a journey. It's like paying for a ride. It maybe a ride to nowhere, but at least we get to go on that ride that we paid for. And no journey is the same. We wake up next day, usually with memory loss, usually with regret at something we did or said. But we know, we got our money's worth.
20	2	You may not be her first, her last, or her only. She loved before she may love again. But if she loves you now, what else matters? She's not perfect—you aren't either, and the two of you may never be perfect together but if she can make you laugh, cause you to think twice, and admit to being human and making mistakes, hold onto her and give her the most you can. She may not be thinking about you every second of the day, but she will give you a part of her that she knows you can break—her heart. So don't hurt her, don't change her, don't analyze and don't expect more than she can give. Smile when she makes you happy, let her know when she makes you mad, and miss her when she's not there.
807	0	I was so mad, I reached into the drawer for her fake sushi eraser and put it in my pocket. Serves her right for being such a big, fat, Eggo-scarfing liar.
69	1	The best love is the kind that awakens the soul and makes us reach for more, that plants a fire in our hearts and brings peace to our minds. And that's what you've given me. That's what I'd hoped to give you forever
796	1	If you always want to have whatever you want any time you want it with no delays, and denial of self, you would end up ruining your life.
454	2	When it comes to loving D/ s relationships, the three little words mostly likely to have a significant , positive, and lasting impact on your partner‚Äôs well-being is probably ‚ÄúI love you.‚Äù Once we venture beyond that simple three-word endearment, however, the competition gets much stiffer. If I had to predict a winner in the four little words category, I‚Äôd choose ‚ÄúI believe in you.‚Äù When a Dominant believes in his submissive, she eventually grows to believe in herself. That sort of empowerment is priceless beyond measure, and almost always bears sweet fruit.
232	1	I like flaws. I think they make things interesting.
617	0	The love of power is either due to low or overly high self-esteem.
54	0	In vain have I struggled. It will not do. My feelings will not be repressed. You must allow me to tell you how ardently I admire and love you.
247	0	You know how they say you only hurt the ones you love? Well, it works both ways.
914	0	It wasn't night, it was simply darkness, with me in the middle hoping all the while that time was carrying on flowing, that something would crop up, me all alone in the middle, with my veins and my muscles dissolving rapidly into nothingness, me made of molecules of flesh and thought, dispersing in a cloud (a process of expansion as sudden as that of the room, a nebula of bedroom and me, between limits that grew dimmer by the moment).
710	0	The journalist must strive to find out what is going on and tell it, not neuter the truth in the name of equal time.
815	0	The sole purpose of knowledge is to create hunger for experience.
24	0	Love is like the wind, you can't see it but you can feel it.
337	0	Spending time with you showed me what I’ve been missing in my life.
571	1	I don't think your missing pieces ever go inside you again once they go missing.
812	1	We don't know all the answers. If we knew all the answers we'd be bored, wouldn't we? We keep looking, searching, trying to get more knowledge.
482	0	It is the hour when from the boughs The nightingale's high note is heard  It is the hour when lovers' vows Seem sweet in every whisper'd word.
114	1	If he’s not calling you, it’s because you are not on his mind. If he creates expectations for you, and then doesn’t follow through on little things, he will do same for big things. Be aware of this and realize that he’s okay with disappointing you. Don’t be with someone who doesn’t do what they say they’re going to do. If he’s choosing not to make a simple effort that would put you at ease and bring harmony to a recurring fight, then he doesn’t respect your feelings and needs. “Busy” is another word for “asshole.” “Asshole” is another word for the guy you’re dating. You deserve a fcking phone call.
169	0	Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love.
763	0	For the duration of his erection: To a horny man, all women are the most beautiful woman in the world.
363	1	That doesn't mean that I would destroy those works, or that I'm not proud of having come out the other side. Our past art makes our present art as much as our past life makes us who we are now. In the end, if the art stands up, that's what matters.
698	2	Stop holding-on to the wrong people. Let them go on their own way; if not for you, then for them.
731	2	True happiness consists in making others happy.
544	0	I don't ever want to be famous. I never want to live that life. I genuinely hate the fact that I would be stopped for a picture or an autograph all the time.
26	2	If you can make a woman laugh, you can make her do anything.
290	0	I want to be in a relationship where you telling me you love me is just a ceremonious validation of what you already show me.
198	0	Tonight I can write the saddest linesI loved her, and sometimes she loved me too.
12	0	I love you without knowing how, or when, or from where. I love you simply, without problems or pride: I love you in this way because I do not know any other way of loving but this, in which there is no I or you, so intimate that your hand upon my chest is my hand, so intimate that when I fall asleep your eyes close.
989	0	it is hard not to count the hoursi have left with you.it is hard to be here now--knowing everything between uswill come to an end.
629	0	Phoebe Marks was a person who never lost her individuality. Silent and self-contained, she seemed to hold herself within herself, and take no colour from the outer world.
234	0	I'm oxygen and he's dying to breathe.
735	0	dealing with any man means dealing with multiple personalities.
656	2	When Jesus said to 'love your neighbor as yourself,' I don't think He meant judgmentally; but that is exactly how we treat our own souls, so it bleeds out to others. Folks who thrive in God's grace give grace easily, but the self-critical person becomes others-critical. We 'love' people the way we 'love' ourselves, and if we are not good enough, then no one is.
243	1	It is easy to love people in memory the hard thing is to love them when they are there in front of you.
277	0	Ever has it been that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation.
78	0	I heard what you said. I’m not the silly romantic you think. I don’t want the heavens or the shooting stars. I don’t want gemstones or gold. I have those things already. I want…a steady hand. A kind soul. I want to fall asleep, and wake, knowing my heart is safe. I want to love, and be loved.
917	0	who does not know the evils of war cannot appreciate its benefits
699	0	"He who chooses to be his own god will have no God to save him."" ~ Dr. MaryAnn Diorio"
445	1	You don't have to be beautiful to have a beautiful life.
595	0	She was not filled up with the sight of him, the way she had seen her sisters fill up, like silk balloons, like wineskins. Instead, he seemed to land heavily within her, like a black stone falling.
68	0	Nobody has ever measured, not even poets, how much the heart can hold.
90	1	No relationship is perfect, ever. There are always some ways you have to bend, to compromise, to give something up in order to gain something greater...The love we have for each other is bigger than these small differences. And that's the key. It's like a big pie chart, and the love in a relationship has to be the biggest piece. Love can make up for a lot.
394	0	That was the hard thing about grief, and the grieving. They spoke another language, and the words we knew always fell short of what we wanted them to say.
155	0	One love, one heart, one destiny.
674	0	You are in no man's land. Which never moves, which never changes, which never grows older, but remains forever, icy and silent.
418	1	I view magic as simply the realization of unrecognized potential.
300	1	To lose balance sometimes for love is part of living a balancedlife.
727	0	"Bella,leave the aggressive stuff to me."" My heart quirks in my chest. I may not like this guy but that sounded so hot. ""Um..."" Focus,focus. ""What?"
200	2	Happiness [is] only real when shared
511	0	They tell each other what they are thinking. But there is no reason to believe anything they say.
40	1	Just when you think it can't get any worse, it can. And just when you think it can't get any better, it can.
207	1	Art and love are the same thing: It’s the process of seeing yourself in things that are not you.
531	0	Nearly everyone wants as least one outstanding meal a day.
944	1	"I'm going to tell you something important. Grown-ups don't look like grown-ups on the inside either. Outside, they're big and thoughtless and they always know what they're doing. Inside, they look just like they always have. Like they did when they were your age. The truth is, there aren't any grown-ups. Not one, in the whole wide world."" ... I wonderes if that was true: if they were all really children wrapped in adult bodies, like children's books hidden in the middle of dull, long adult books, the kind with no pictures or conversations."
447	0	You can't hold someone whoWants to leaveYou can't clutch a memoryAs if it were todayYou can't take an insultClose to heartYou can't grasp for gloryFrom your chairYou can't seize lifeThinking only of lossAnd you can't grab a laser pointer dotOn the wallNo matter how much you tryThese hard-earned truths I give to you
483	0	The most important thing for me was to never, ever, ever deny it. But I didn't really have the courage to talk about it. I was thinking, The people who need to know I'm gay know.
526	0	The suffering was shaping her perception about life, her values, priorities, goals and dreams.
769	0	Someone who normally moved so slowly, this time, for once, was long gone.
636	2	How can you love art, beauty, poetry, and hate life? That's like saying you love the ocean but hate water.
268	0	The love of learning, the sequestered nooks,And all the sweet serenity of books
371	2	Reject anything advice, which does not lead to your personal progress.
916	0	Those words make a mockery of our battle. Our fight showed me the power of the human will and the possibilities held by the future
679	0	Criticism in good faith is good. When it's targeted solely to destruction, I'm not interested.
838	0	Here's a rule I recommend. Never practice two vices at once.
968	1	A dragon is a confusion at the heart of things, a law unto himself. He embraces good, evil, and indifference; in his own nature he makes them indivisible and absolute. He knows who he is. Surely you see that... Put it this way. Dragons all love life's finer things- music, art, treasure- the works of the spirit; yet in their personal habits they're foul and bestial- they burn down cathedrals, for instance, and eat maidens- and they see in their whimsical activities no faintest contradiction... Dragons never grow, never change... Believe me, nothing in this world is more despicable than a dragon. They're a walking- or flying- condemnation of all we stand for, all we pray for our children, nay, for ourselves. We struggle to improve ourselves, we tortuously balance on the delicate line between our duties to society and our duties within- our duties to God and our own nature.
560	1	Synchronicity is the soul's reminder of authorship.
843	0	I‚Äôm alone with the ghost of the swamp, somewhere near the weeping willows.
569	0	Real terror is a crippling experience. You sweat so much that your skin goes all wrinkly like when you've been in the bath all afternoon. And then the scent of your sweat changes. It smells like cat pee, no doubt from the adrenalin. However hard you wash, it won't come off. It smothers you, as your muscles become frozen with acid and your mind paralysed by despair.
294	0	You’ll get over it…” It’s the clichés that cause the trouble. To lose someone you love is to alter your life for ever. You don’t get over it because ‘it” is the person you loved. The pain stops, there are new people, but the gap never closes. How could it? The particularness of someone who mattered enough to grieve over is not made anodyne by death. This hole in my heart is in the shape of you and no-one else can fit it. Why would I want them to?
879	0	"Five common traits of good writers: (1) They have something to say. (2) They read widely and have done so since childhood. (3) They possess what Isaac Asimov calls a ""capacity for clear thought,"" able to go from point to point in an orderly sequence, an A to Z approach. (4) They're geniuses at putting their emotions into words. (5) They possess an insatiable curiosity, constantly asking Why and How."
110	1	What I need is the dandelion in the spring. The bright yellow that means rebirth instead of destruction. The promise that life can go on, no matter how bad our losses. That it can be good again.
149	1	When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace.
100	0	Love is so short, forgetting is so long.
382	0	I'm ready for another adventure now, take me far away please!Ok one more... But then you have to read to me!
346	2	More smiling, less worrying. More compassion, less judgment. More blessed, less stressed. More love, less hate.
135	1	Love does not begin and end the way we seem to think it does. Love is a battle, love is a war; love is a growing up.
545	1	Entrepreneurs, let‚Äôs begin to turn our desire and design into reward.
245	0	Love can change a person the way a parent can change a baby- awkwardly, and often with a great deal of mess.
136	0	A woman's heart should be so hidden in God that a man has to seek Him just to find her.
591	0	The poem is the point at which our strength gave out.
159	2	It's not the face, but the expressions on it. It's not the voice, but what you say. It's not how you look in that body, but the thing you do with it. You are beautiful.
460	1	Christmas has a dark side. It‚Äôs painful for those of us who lost loved ones during the holidays. What puts it back into sparkling perspective is knowing that Christ was born so that we might all be reunited again. That‚Äôs the real sparkle in Christmas.
369	0	Sometimes you‚Äôre 23 and standing in the kitchen of your house making breakfast and brewing coffee and listening to music that for some reason is really getting to your heart. You‚Äôre just standing there thinking about going to work and picking up your dry cleaning. And also more exciting things like books you‚Äôre reading and trips you plan on taking and relationships that are springing into existence. Or fading from your memory, which is far less exciting. And suddenly you just don‚Äôt feel at home in your skin or in your house and you just want home but ‚ÄúMom‚Äôs‚Äù probably wouldn‚Äôt feel like home anymore either. There used to be the comfort of a number in your phone and ears that listened every day and arms that were never for anyone else. But just to calm you down when you started feeling trapped in a five-minute period where nostalgia is too much and thoughts of this person you are feel foreign. When you realize that you‚Äôll never be this young again but this is the first time you‚Äôve ever been this old. When you can‚Äôt remember how you got from sixteen to here and all the same feel like sixteen is just as much of a stranger to you now. The song is over. The coffee‚Äôs done. You‚Äôre going to breath in and out. You‚Äôre going to be fine in about five minutes.
839	0	To hell, allegiance! Vows, to the blackest devil!Conscience and grace, to the profoundest pit!I dare damnation
885	1	By prayer we couple the powers of heaven to our helplessness  the powers which can capture strongholds and make the impossible possible.
367	0	History does seem to repeat itself hence it's mindboggling to still hear the 'avoid all negative people' speeches from, of all people, supposedly important spiritual teachers. Ironically, their congregations would probably be the ones hiding their faces from the accuracies of truth speakers like Christ. Now, Christ was the complete opposite of negative, however the danger is that truth is often misunderstood as negativity by those who are constantly taught to only seek flattery.
406	0	End strength' - the total number of government employees you can have at the end of the year. That's a separate exercise and requires independent energy, independent effort with the Congress to get the ceiling of your government employees raised.
947	0	Science, its imperfections notwithstanding, is the sword in the stone that humanity finally pulled. The question it poses, of universal and orderly materialism, is the most important that can be asked in philosophy and religion.
426	1	There is no love that is not self-love
928	0	I am an optimist and when I am too sure of something or someone, well, of course it turns out that I am wrong .. at other situations, I imagine the worst and needless to say, I am again wrong
912	2	Our journey without judgment can begin today.
866	2	People waste life by wasting time.
942	0	The difficulty of living alone is that any mess he makes he is forced to clean up himself.No, the real difficulty of living alone is that no one cares if you are upset.
51	2	When we love, we always strive to become better than we are. When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.
344	0	Even more, I had never meant to love him. One thing I truly knew - knew it in the pit of my stomach, in the center of my bones, knew it from the crown of my head to the soles of my feet, knew it deep in my empty chest - was how love gave someone the power to break you
187	1	Things we lose have a way of coming back to us in the end, if not always in the way we expect.
816	1	In recent decades we have emphasized the value of teaching people 'tolerance.' Tolerance is not only inadequate, it is a negative concept which only alienates society further. Learning to tolerate absolves people of the responsibility of learning to understand different people, accept and appreciate their differences, and progress towards respecting them for who and what they are. It is only when we build acceptance between people that we will rid ourselves of the scourge of prejudice and liberate ourselves from violence.
785	0	Anyone who regards poetry as an entertainment, as a 'read,' commits an anthropological crime, in the first place against himself.
530	0	They are not long, the days of wine and roses:Out of a misty dreamOur path emerges for awhile, then closesWithin a dream.
185	2	The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends.
643	0	"When I got to the States and started going to an American high school, which I did for an extremely short time, I thought everyone around me was insane, the way they talked about their parents. I thought the parents were insane too, the way they handled their kids, like every request they made was a bargain they weren't sure would be kept. That little whiny tone at the end of every statement: ""Be home by ten, okay?"
479	0	O  call back yesterday  bid time return.
339	0	sex is the consolation you have when you can't have love
255	0	Yes, I was infatuated with you: I am still. No one has ever heightened such a keen capacity of physical sensation in me. I cut you out because I couldn't stand being a passing fancy. Before I give my body, I must give my thoughts, my mind, my dreams. And you weren't having any of those.
818	1	Conscious of not being able to separate myself from my time, I have decided to become part of it.
286	0	to love life, to love it evenwhen you have no stomach for itand everything you've held dearcrumbles like burnt paper in your hands,your throat filled with the silt of it.When grief sits with you, its tropical heatthickening the air, heavy as watermore fit for gills than lungs;when grief weights you like your own fleshonly more of it, an obesity of grief,you think, How can a body withstand this?Then you hold life like a facebetween your palms, a plain face,no charming smile, no violet eyes,and you say, yes, I will take youI will love you, again.
678	0	sing so loud that the musicdrowns out the sounds ofthe naysayers.one day they‚Äôll be singingyour song.
778	0	The serious reader in the age of technology is a rebel by definition: a protester without a placard, a Luddite without hammer or bludgeon. She reads on planes to picket the antiseptic nature of modern travel, on commuter trains to insist on individualism in the midst of the herd, in hotel rooms to boycott the circumstances that separate her from her usual sources of comfort and stimulation, during office breaks to escape from the banal conversation of office mates, and at home to revolt against the pervasive and mind-deadening irrelevance of television.
830	0	The popular notion that ghosts are likely to be seen in a graveyard is not borne out by psychical research... A haunting ghost usually haunts a place that a person lived in or frequented while alive... Only a gravedigger's ghost would be likely to haunt a graveyard.
551	1	Ultimately, you are defined by your kindness, compassion, passion, and choice.
876	0	Denial and minimizing is often seen in genuine PTSD and, hence, should be a target of detection and measurement.
825	0	. . . in no instance has a system in regard to religion been ever established, but for the purpose, as well as with the effect of its being made an instrument of intimidation, corruption, and delusion, for the support of depredation and oppression in the hands of governments.
983	0	The War on Drugs employs millions - politicians, bureaucrats, policemen, and now the military - that probably couldn't find a place for their dubious talents in a free market, unless they were to sell pencils from a tin cup on street corners.
180	1	Life, he realize, was much like a song. In the beginning there is mystery, in the end there is confirmation, but it's in the middle where all the emotion resides to make the whole thing worthwhile.
750	1	When you love someone all your saved up wishes start coming out.
227	0	There is only one page left to write on. I will fill it with words of only one syllable. I love. I have loved. I will love.
929	0	The finding of the Valley is paramount for your kind. Survival for your race‚Ä¶even survival for the human race‚Ä¶depends on it. This quest is more important than you can ever understand. It will affect every living thing in this world for millennia to come. Do not waver from the search, no matter how difficult it may be.
1	1	I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.
634	2	I think we need to do some deep soul searching about what's important in our lives and renew our spirit and our spiritual thinking, whether it's through faith-based religion or just through loving nature or helping your fellow man.
358	0	The naked man who lay splayed out on his face beside the swimming pool might have been dead.
258	1	I guess that’s just part of loving people: You have to give things up. Sometimes you even have to give them up.
224	0	It is the time you have wasted for your rose that makes your rose so important.
494	1	Complexity looks at simplicity and laughs at it for being too simple. But this is stupidity. Which is more valuable? The drop of pure rose oil or the cologne that mixes that one drop with many other things in order to make it affordable enough? It takes 60,000 roses to make a single ounce of rose oil. In simplicity there is value, there is meaning. Complexity is what happens when value and meaning are watered down. Don't play games with pure-hearted people; they don't need your rubbish. And don‚Äôt try to water them down so you can afford them.
538	1	I've found a formula for avoiding these exaggerated fears of age you take care of every day - let the calendar take care of the years.
411	0	Shit rolls downhill. Bureaucracy rolls faster.
696	0	We assume that anything that is new to us is new to human society as a whole, and that if we don‚Äôt see it reflected in history textbooks and in recent memory then it cannot have existed for long.
70	1	There are two basic motivating forces: fear and love. When we are afraid, we pull back from life. When we are in love, we open to all that life has to offer with passion, excitement, and acceptance. We need to learn to love ourselves first, in all our glory and our imperfections. If we cannot love ourselves, we cannot fully open to our ability to love others or our potential to create. Evolution and all hopes for a better world rest in the fearlessness and open-hearted vision of people who embrace life.
973	1	The storm you face is your teacher. The experience you gain is your lesson. The life you make from it all is your blessing. Always remember, the teacher teaches a lesson that becomes a blessing. Embrace the storm and watch your life change as you utilize the lesson. Your better days lie ahead...just hold on!
907	0	Once again was it proved that the designs of Providence are impenetrable and that the sinner, climbing out of the pit of his filthiness, may feel himself touched by grace.
7	1	Only once in your life, I truly believe, you find someone who can completely turn your world around. You tell them things that you’ve never shared with another soul and they absorb everything you say and actually want to hear more. You share hopes for the future, dreams that will never come true, goals that were never achieved and the many disappointments life has thrown at you. When something wonderful happens, you can’t wait to tell them about it, knowing they will share in your excitement. They are not embarrassed to cry with you when you are hurting or laugh with you when you make a fool of yourself. Never do they hurt your feelings or make you feel like you are not good enough, but rather they build you up and show you the things about yourself that make you special and even beautiful. There is never any pressure, jealousy or competition but only a quiet calmness when they are around. You can be yourself and not worry about what they will think of you because they love you for who you are. The things that seem insignificant to most people such as a note, song or walk become invaluable treasures kept safe in your heart to cherish forever. Memories of your childhood come back and are so clear and vivid it’s like being young again. Colours seem brighter and more brilliant. Laughter seems part of daily life where before it was infrequent or didn’t exist at all. A phone call or two during the day helps to get you through a long day’s work and always brings a smile to your face. In their presence, there’s no need for continuous conversation, but you find you’re quite content in just having them nearby. Things that never interested you before become fascinating because you know they are important to this person who is so special to you. You think of this person on every occasion and in everything you do. Simple things bring them to mind like a pale blue sky, gentle wind or even a storm cloud on the horizon. You open your heart knowing that there’s a chance it may be broken one day and in opening your heart, you experience a love and joy that you never dreamed possible. You find that being vulnerable is the only way to allow your heart to feel true pleasure that’s so real it scares you. You find strength in knowing you have a true friend and possibly a soul mate who will remain loyal to the end. Life seems completely different, exciting and worthwhile. Your only hope and security is in knowing that they are a part of your life.
661	0	Management must manage!
667	1	If you feel irritated or threatened by others' beliefs,it's a sign that you're experiencing crisis of confidence.
56	0	You are, and always have been, my dream.
701	1	Once I make a decision, I stick to it.
381	2	Don't be concerned with other women's beauty. Only admire God's amazing work and wish them well., this earth was made to bite us in half and grind us to bone, but we were made to be kind.
351	1	But love is always new. Regardless of whether we love once, twice, or a dozen times in our life, we always face a brand-new situation. Love can consign us to hell or to paradise, but it always takes us somewhere. We simply have to accept it, because it is what nourishes our existence. If we reject it, we die of hunger, because we lack the courage to stretch out a hand and pluck the fruit from the branches of the tree of life. We have to take love where we find it, even if that means hours, days, weeks of disappointment and sadness.The moment we begin to seek love, love begins to seek us. And to save us.
632	0	The black-white rift stands at the very center of American history. It is the great challenge to which all our deepest aspirations to freedom must rise. If we forget that--if we forget the great stain of slavery that stands at the heart of our country, our history, our experiment--we forget who we are, and we make the great rift deeper and wider.
63	1	Never love anyone who treats you like you're ordinary.
216	0	I loved you like a man loves a woman he never touches, only writes to, keeps little photographs of.
535	0	Intelligent Design is a remarkably uncreative theory that abandons the search for understanding at the very point where it is most needed. If Intelligent Design is really a science, then the burden is on its scientists to discover the mechanisms used by the Intelligent Designer. (80)
183	1	"Love is a temporary madness, it erupts like volcanoes and then subsides. And when it subsides, you have to make a decision. You have to work out whether your roots have so entwined together that it is inconceivable that you should ever part. Because this is what love is. Love is not breathlessness, it is not excitement, it is not the promulgation of promises of eternal passion, it is not the desire to mate every second minute of the day, it is not lying awake at night imagining that he is kissing every cranny of your body. No, don't blush, I am telling you some truths. That is just being ""in love"", which any fool can do. Love itself is what is left over when being in love has burned away, and this is both an art and a fortunate accident."
488	0	"It's crazy isn't it?"" She shook her head. ""You have to believe it, but you hate it. I don't have to believe it, and I think it's beautiful."" She shook her head again. ""It's crazy."
654	0	That sign of old age  extolling the past at the expense of the present.
743	1	Q. Surely it is easier to be objective about other people than about oneself?A. No, it is more difficult. If you become objective to yourself you can see other people objectively, but not before, because before that it will all be coloured by your own views, attitudes, tastes, by what you like and what you dislike. To be objective you must be free from it all. You can become objective to yourself in the state of self-consciousness: this is the first experience of coming into contact with the real object.
361	0	The power of the brand is not in the name but what has been invested in that name over the years.
877	0	Sports and entertainment are the only places where inner-city kids see themselves being able to succeed. Their intellectual development is something they don't relate to.
140	0	"What's this?"" he demanded, looking from Clary to his companions, as if they might know what she was doing there.""It's a girl,"" Jace said,recovering his composure. ""Surely you've seen girls before, Alec. Your sister Isabelle is one."
709	1	Faster is fatal, slower is safe.
452	2	Never stop moving, or you'll stop moving. I go to dance class every morning, and it's just good to stay strong; I like being healthy.
76	1	This is a good sign, having a broken heart. It means we have tried for something.
146	0	I love you also means I love you more than anyone loves you, or has loved you, or will love you, and also, I love you in a way that no one loves you, or has loved you, or will love you, and also, I love you in a way that I love no one else, and never have loved anyone else, and never will love anyone else.
420	0	Of course it was beautiful; but there was something more than beauty in it, something more stingingly splendid which had made beauty its handmaiden.
700	0	In the end, we serve, the Saviour, who saved us from death to life.
707	0	I tried to hang myself with a bungee cord. I kept almost dying.
125	0	My dear,Find what you love and let it kill you.Let it drain you of your all. Let it cling onto your back and weigh you down into eventual nothingness.Let it kill you and let it devour your remains.For all things will kill you, both slowly and fastly, but it’s much better to be killed by a lover.~ Falsely yours
16	2	This life is what you make it. No matter what, you're going to mess up sometimes, it's a universal truth. But the good part is you get to decide how you're going to mess it up. Girls will be your friends - they'll act like it anyway. But just remember, some come, some go. The ones that stay with you through everything - they're your true best friends. Don't let go of them. Also remember, sisters make the best friends in the world. As for lovers, well, they'll come and go too. And baby, I hate to say it, most of them - actually pretty much all of them are going to break your heart, but you can't give up because if you give up, you'll never find your soulmate. You'll never find that half who makes you whole and that goes for everything. Just because you fail once, doesn't mean you're gonna fail at everything. Keep trying, hold on, and always, always, always believe in yourself, because if you don't, then who will, sweetie? So keep your head high, keep your chin up, and most importantly, keep smiling, because life's a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.
884	0	Don't be afraid of poetry.
475	0	The city was new again, and newly dangerous, and I would walk the streets quickly, eyes averted from those of passersby, like a spy in the employ of lust and happiness, carrying the secret deep within me but always on the tip of my tongue.
631	2	I am a part of all I have read.
413	0	"And now here I was in McDonald's again for the first time since my earlier fracas. I vowed to behave myself, but McDonald's is just too much for me. I ordered a chicken sandwich and a Diet Coke.'Do you want fries with that?' the young man serving me asked.I hesitated for a moment, and in a pained but patient tone said: 'No. That's why I didn't ask for fries, you see.''We're just told to ask like,' he said.'When I want fries, generally I say something like, ""I would like some fries, too, please."" That's the system I use.''We're just told to ask like,' he repeated.'Do you need to know the other things I don't want? It is quite a long list. In fact, it is everything you serve except for the two things I asked for.''We're just told to ask like,' he repeated yet again, but in a darker voice, and deposited my two items on a tray and urged me, without the least hint of sincerity, to have a nice day.I realized that I probably wasn't quite ready for McDonald's yet."
98	2	I think if I've learned anything about friendship, it's to hang in, stay connected, fight for them, and let them fight for you. Don't walk away, don't be distracted, don't be too busy or tired, don't take them for granted. Friends are part of the glue that holds life and faith together. Powerful stuff.
974	1	The greatest thing that gives me peace about time is knowing that I get to make choices about what I do with it. I also find it amazing that when there is something I really want to do, I find the time for it.
395	0	Never depend on a single income. Make Investments to create a second source.‚Äù - Warren Buffet
498	1	Are you full of the Holy Spirit? Then you will be full of mercy, kindness and love.
128	0	If pain must come, may it come quickly. Because I have a life to live, and I need to live it in the best way possible. If he has to make a choice, may he make it now. Then I will either wait for him or forget him.
143	2	I was smiling yesterday,I am smiling today and I will smile tomorrow.Simply because life is too short to cry for anything.
152	0	The greater the love, the greater the tragedy when it's over.
870	1	What you have with Maria, whether it lasts just through today and a part of tomorrow, or whether it lasts for a long life is the most important thing that can happen to a human being. There will always be people who say it does not exist because they cannot have it. But I tell you it is true and that you have it and that you are lucky even if you die tomorrow.
210	1	The beginning of love is the will to let those we love be perfectly themselves, the resolution not to twist them to fit our own image. If in loving them we do not love what they are, but only their potential likeness to ourselves, then we do not love them: we only love the reflection of ourselves we find in them
614	1	Endurance is nobler than strength, and patience than beauty.
308	2	You think because he doesn't love you that you are worthless. You think that because he doesn't want you anymore that he is right -- that his judgement and opinion of you are correct. If he throws you out, then you are garbage. You think he belongs to you because you want to belong to him. Don't. It's a bad word, 'belong.' Especially when you put it with somebody you love. Love shouldn't be like that. Did you ever see the way the clouds love a mountain? They circle all around it; sometimes you can't even see the mountain for the clouds. But you know what? You go up top and what do you see? His head. The clouds never cover the head. His head pokes through, beacuse the clouds let him; they don't wrap him up. They let him keep his head up high, free, with nothing to hide him or bind him. You can't own a human being. You can't lose what you don't own. Suppose you did own him. Could you really love somebody who was absolutely nobody without you? You really want somebody like that? Somebody who falls apart when you walk out the door? You don't, do you? And neither does he. You're turning over your whole life to him. Your whole life, girl. And if it means so little to you that you can just give it away, hand it to him, then why should it mean any more to him? He can't value you more than you value yourself.
455	1	For a human being, nothing comes naturally,' said Grumman. 'We have to learn everything we do.
62	1	Where there is love there is life.
109	1	And, in the endThe love you takeis equal to the love you make.
528	0	Everybody knows that the dice are loadedEverybody rolls with their fingers crossedEverybody knows the war is overEverybody knows the good guys lostEverybody knows the fight was fixedThe poor stay poor, the rich get richThat's how it goesEverybody knows
319	0	Sometimes when I'm alone, I take the pearl from where it lives in my pocket and try to remember the boy with the bread, the strong arms that warded off nightmares on the train, the kisses in the arena.
496	0	Knowledge is your treasure. How well you spend and invest it will define your wisdom.
826	0	Hey, hey wait... wait... try again.... It works does it?? (What?? YOu are asking a question did you?? I'm talking about the problem which you had and something didn't work as well as far as I can see... So I will wait... wait... try now!)
167	0	It isn't possible to love and part. You will wish that it was. You can transmute love, ignore it, muddle it, but you can never pull it out of you. I know by experience that the poets are right: love is eternal.
378	2	The best defense is great offense. . .We fight through our mistakes and failures by maximizing our forward motion.
423	0	But at the time, a mark of how far down the rabbit hole I had fallen, I saw it as just another tragedy I needed to stuff in the growing box in the back of my head. Shut the top and move on.
908	0	I couldn't resist him, his eyes were like yours, his hair was exactly the shade of brown.He's just not as tall, but I couldn't tell, it was dark and I was lying down.
196	1	Sometimes it's a form of love just to talk to somebody that you have nothing in common with and still be fascinated by their presence.
925	1	"I used to believe authenticity could be achieved solely by describing, in our own words, one's own fragment of experience. This was of course predicated on the complete intellectual and aesthetic independence of the ""I"". One eventually realizes such intellectual isolationism promotes style, ego, awards. But not change."
949	0	You don‚Äôt approve?‚Äù Joan asked, picking up on Delphine‚Äôs tone. ‚ÄúTheir stories were for themselves, not the Mirrors.‚Äù‚ÄúWhat do you mean?‚Äù said Bea.‚ÄúCertainly sometimes a good little character would find a lamp, and would not be so corrupted by the strangely endless possibilities of three wishes that they ended up causing more harm than they ever imagined. Those stories fostered belief, they were retold, certainly; but they were few and far between. Most of the genie‚Äôs tales showed the characters exactly who they really were, not when they were despised and degraded, not when they‚Äôd reached the gutter and been given licence to look at the stars. No, the genies showed them who they were when they were invincible. The characters, they try to forget stories like that.
655	1	Both in thought and in feeling, even though time be real, to realise the unimportance of time is the gate of wisdom.
871	1	Scientists and philosophers tend to treat knowledge, imagination and love as if they were all very separate parts of human nature. But when it comes to children, all three are deeply entwined. Children learn the truth by imagining all the ways the world could be, and testing those possibilities.
782	0	If I could somehow know the future, then now should not be like this time.
540	0	If everything else were still the same, he'd have felt Zee's absence like a gaping hole. But if he could continue to reconfigure his entire life, there would be no missing place where Zee had been.
653	0	My main objective is to prepare candidates for professional baseball; however, the majority of our graduates will go home as much better qualified amateurs.
52	0	We love the things we love for what they are.
322	0	"I'm about to make a wild, extreme and severe relationship rule: the word busy is a load of crap and is most often used by assholes. The word ""busy"" is the relationship Weapon of Mass Destruction. It seems like a good excuse, but in fact in every silo you uncover, all you're going to find is a man who didn't care enough to call. Remember men are never to busy to get what they want."
131	0	I love you. Remember. They cannot take it
955	0	I was very sorry to hear about your losses. Your brother was a terrible traitor, I know, but if we start killing men at weddings they'll be more frightened of marriage than they are presently. (Olenna Tyrell to Sansa Stark
269	0	If someone were to harm my family or a friend or somebody I love, I would eat them. I might end up in jail for 500 years, but I would eat them.
734	0	In every relationship, you can always see the ego of the other, but you cannot see your own ‚Äì and the other one goes on seeing your ego.
279	0	Absence diminishes small loves and increases great ones, as the wind blows out the candle and fans the bonfire.
613	0	The beauty in the genome is of course that it's so small. The human genome is only on the order of a gigabyte of data...which is a tiny little database. If you take the entire living biosphere, that's the assemblage of 20 million species or so that constitute all the living creatures on the planet, and you have a genome for every species the total is still about one petabyte, that's a million gigabytes - that's still very small compared with Google or the Wikipedia and it's a database that you can easily put in a small room, easily transmit from one place to another. And somehow mother nature manages to create this incredible biosphere, to create this incredibly rich environment of animals and plants with this amazingly small amount of data.
477	0	Strategy is not really a solo sport ‚Äì even if you're the CEO.
197	1	"How do you spell 'love'?"" - Piglet""You don't spell it...you feel it."" - Pooh"
179	1	The most painful thing is losing yourself in the process of loving someone too much, and forgetting that you are special too.
327	0	I was always hungry for love. Just once, I wanted to know what it was like to get my fill of it -- to be fed so much love I couldn't take any more. Just once.
202	0	One day you will kiss a man you can't breathe without, and find that breath is of little consequence.
641	0	If you'd combat bigotry, use honest language and call things out for what they really are.
402	2	Of all the thoughts that hover in your mind, the one you deliberately choose and act upon - changes your LIFE!
961	1	Our real blessings often appear to us in the shape of pains, losses and disappointments; but let us have patience and we soon shall see them in proper figures.
292	1	The power of a glance has been so much abused in love stories, that it has come to be disbelieved in. Few people dare now to say that two beings have fallen in love because they have looked at each other. Yet it is in this way that love begins, and in this way only.
758	0	Making Money online is not the easiest, That's why my business grows daily with people who need my service. I will help you understand in a simple way how to cut out all the middle men and increase daily business in less than 1 hour per day.
649	0	Truth can remain silent. Lies must be spoken.
453	0	Inexperienced in the course of world affairs and incapable of being prepared for all the chances that happen in it, I ask myself only 'Can you also will that your maxim should become a universal law?' Where you cannot it is to be rejected...
80	0	The more I know of the world, the more I am convinced that I shall never see a man whom I can really love. I require so much!
456	1	One person's crazyness is another person's reality
194	1	You can't measure the mutual affection of two human beings by the number of words they exchange.
886	1	Long has black powder been in the hands of dwarves alone. Alas, winds ever change and nothing remains the same forever.Lord Arrlo Salkeld
659	0	You have a freckle,‚Äù he murmured. ‚ÄúRight‚Äù ‚Äì he leaned down and dropped a light kiss near the inside of her elbow ‚Äì ‚Äúhere.‚Äù ‚ÄúYou‚Äôve seen it before,‚Äù she said softly. It wasn‚Äôt in an immodest spot; she had plenty of frocks with short sleeves. He chuckled. ‚ÄúBut I‚Äôve never given it it‚Äôs proper due.‚Äù ‚ÄúReally.‚Äù ‚ÄúMmm-hmm.‚Äù He lifted her arm, twisting it just a bit so that he could pretend to be studying her freckle. ‚ÄúIt is clearly the most delightful beauty mark in all of England.‚Äù A marvelous sense of warmth and contentment melted through her. Even as her body burned for his, she could not stop herself from encouraging his teasing conversation. ‚ÄúOnly England?‚Äù ‚ÄúWell, I haven‚Äôt traveled very extensively abroad‚Ä¶‚Äù ‚ÄúOh, really?‚Äù ‚ÄúAnd you know‚Ä¶‚Äù His voice dropped to a husky growl. ‚ÄúThere may be other freckles right here in this room. You could have one here.‚Äù He dipped a finger under the bodice of her nightgown, then moved his other hand to her hip. ‚ÄúOr here.‚Äù ‚ÄúI might,‚Äù she agreed. ‚ÄúThe back of your knee,‚Äù he said, the words hot against her ear. ‚ÄúYou could have one there.‚Äù She nodded. She wasn‚Äôt sure she was still capable of speech. ‚ÄúOne of your toes,‚Äù he suggested. ‚ÄúOr your back.‚Äù ‚ÄúYou should probably check,‚Äù she managed to get out. He took a deep, shuddering breath.
536	0	Does anyone here speak English? Or even Ancient Greek?‚Äî A very lost Marcus Brody
64	2	Promise YourselfTo be so strong that nothingcan disturb your peace of mind.To talk health, happiness, and prosperityto every person you meet.To make all your friends feelthat there is something in themTo look at the sunny side of everythingand make your optimism come true.To think only the best, to work only for the best,and to expect only the best.To be just as enthusiastic about the success of othersas you are about your own.To forget the mistakes of the pastand press on to the greater achievements of the future.To wear a cheerful countenance at all timesand give every living creature you meet a smile.To give so much time to the improvement of yourselfthat you have no time to criticize others.To be too large for worry, too noble for anger, too strong for fear,and too happy to permit the presence of trouble.To think well of yourself and to proclaim this fact to the world,not in loud words but great deeds.To live in faith that the whole world is on your sideso long as you are true to the best that is in you.
44	1	The one you love and the one who loves you are never, ever the same person.
305	0	The things we love destroy us every time, lad. Remember that.
854	0	I try not to read the stuff online because it's so hurtful and stuff. There was somebody that said I was messing up my genetics by dating my boyfriend because he's not black. It was an interesting thing to read.
841	0	Don‚Äôt neglect the importance of prayer in your Christian life.
360	0	Heisenberg's uncertainty relation measures the amount by which the complementary descriptions of the electron, or other fundamental entities, overlap. Position is very much a particle property - particles can be located precisely. Waves, on the other hand, have no precise location, but they do have momentum. The more you know about the wave aspect of reality, the less you know about the particle, and vice versa. Experiments designed to detect particles always detect particles; experiments designed to detect waves always detect waves. No experiment shows the electron behaving like a wave and a particle at the same time.
85	0	Above all, don't lie to yourself. The man who lies to himself and listens to his own lie comes to a point that he cannot distinguish the truth within him, or around him, and so loses all respect for himself and for others. And having no respect he ceases to love.
930	1	A man can stand almost anything except a succession of ordinary days.
283	0	How do I love thee? Let me count the ways.I love thee to the depth and breadth and heightMy soul can reach
811	1	The height of perfection is mediocrity.
922	0	You can't pray a lie--I found that out.
153	0	Hate the sin, love the sinner.
160	0	Well, nowIf little by little you stop loving meI shall stop loving youLittle by littleIf suddenly you forget meDo not look for meFor I shall already have forgotten youIf you think it long and mad the wind of banners that passes through my lifeAnd you decide to leave me at the shore of the heart where I have rootsRememberThat on that day, at that hour, I shall lift my armsAnd my roots will set off to seek another land
966	0	The killer whale's heart weighs one hundred kilosbut in other respects it is light.There is nothing more animal-likethan a clear conscienceon the third planet of the Sun.
386	0	Here they have no time for the fine gracesof poetry, unless it freely growsin deep compulsion, like water in the well,woven into the texture of the soilin a strong pattern.
82	0	He's more myself than I am. Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same.
189	0	I would like to be the air that inhabits you for a moment only. I would like to be that unnoticed and that necessary.
677	2	Don't rush to design your face to look beautiful, attractive and charming. Rather, be quicker to decorate your mind to appear as goal-oriented, passion-embedded and action-driven.
644	0	It is rooted deep in your bones
746	1	Health to the ocean means health for us.
771	1	Family is the people you love who love you back.
787	1	A misadventure is an act that has a safer, less self-detrimental, less interesting alternative. But you choose that act because you want to do something memorable and worthy of discussion.
438	1	No matter what your family happens to be like, it affects you, affects who you are. It matters.
141	1	Well, it seems to me that the best relationships - the ones that last - are frequently the ones that are rooted in friendship. You know, one day you look at the person and you see something more than you did the night before. Like a switch has been flicked somewhere. And the person who was just a friend is... suddenly the only person you can ever imagine yourself with.
335	1	Someday you're gonna look back on this moment of your life as such a sweet time of grieving. You'll see that you were in mourning and your heart was broken, but your life was changing...
373	1	A friend is one before whom I may think aloud.
313	1	We are who we are, be­cause of those we choose to love and be­cause of those who love us.
287	0	Without you in my arms, I feel an emptiness in my soul. I find myself searching the crowds for your face - I know it's an impossibility, but I cannot help myself.
777	0	But there is merit even in the mentally retarded legislator. He asks the questions that everyone is afraid to ask for fear of seeming simple.
212	1	Anyone who falls in love is searching for the missing pieces of themselves. So anyone who's in love gets sad when they think of their lover. It's like stepping back inside a room you have fond memories of, one you haven't seen in a long time.
738	2	"Each day is a brand new episode of your life. If nothing is changing, you're watching reruns. Mindset matters... If you want something different, DO something different. ""Same crap, different day"" doesn't describe the day; it describes your attitude towards it."
728	0	"You can LOBBY anyone. It is the great equalizer."" ‚Äì Chief of Staff Russell Jackson"
596	0	We must be focused on the goal that God has revealed to us
408	0	Death, so called, is a thing which makes men weep, And yet a third of life is passed in sleep.
254	1	One word frees us of all the weight and pain of life:That word is love.
776	2	You are guaranteed failure if you accept it. Victory is almost in your hands if you are willing to die for it. Success is already yours if God has ordained it.
123	1	Love doesn't just sit there, like a stone, it has to be made, like bread; remade all the time, made new.
116	0	"I have something I need to tell you,"" he says. I run my fingers along the tendons in his hands and look back at him. ""I might be in love with you."" He smiles a little. ""I'm waiting until I'm sure to tell you, though.""""That's sensible of you,"" I say, smiling too. ""We should find some paper so you can make a list or a chart or something.""I feel his laughter against my side, his nose sliding along my jaw, his lips pressing my ear.""Maybe I'm already sure,"" he says, ""and I just don't want to frighten you.""I laugh a little. ""Then you should know better.""""Fine,"" he says. ""Then I love you."
375	1	I'm not a big fan of inspiration. I'm too old to sit and wait for the muse to give me a little kiss... I write a lot, and I'm not afraid to make mistakes or to write badly. I can alsways fix something weak and dull. But I can't fix a blank page.
572	0	When the war ended in 1945, Robert Newton‚Äôs film career took off. And then he landed the part of Disney‚Äôs Long John Silver. ‚ÄúWhat accent do you want me to put on?‚Äù he asked Walt, in his natural thick West-country, ‚ÄòCornwall/Devon/Dorset‚Äô burr. Pointing at his face excitedly, ‚ÄúWhy, that one.‚Äù Disney replied. And THE OFFICIAL PIRATE ACCENT was born. Newton went on to do another Long John Silver film, then a 26 part television series. He died early, aged 50, from chronic alcoholism, just the way a pirate would want to go. But he left the legacy of ‚Äòthe‚Äô pirate accent ‚Äòtil the end of time. Every pirate ‚ÄòR‚Äô or ‚ÄòArrrgh‚Äô joke you ever heard, owes its very life to the combination of Robert Newton, R. L. Stevenson, and Walt Disney. -- Renaissance Festival Survival Guide
900	0	Science is good, is not God.
451	2	The quality that defines us as Americans is the courage to respond to being hit. The courage to root out and destroy the killers. And, most importantly, the courage to hold on to our values and protect our hard-won freedoms while doing it.
333	1	The human heart is a strange vessel. Love and hatred can exist side by side.
845	2	Often people that settle in life are those that only do what they can with what they have and where they are. Never settle for someone that didn't know your worth from the beginning, or build a life without God in it. Live beyond your low expectations.
589	1	Deep pain awakens the pleasure of wonder.
271	0	Come sleep with me: We won't make Love, Love will make us.
91	0	The heart was made to be broken.
4	1	A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you.
441	0	The greatest enemy of clear language is insincerity.
120	0	I don't trust people who don't love themselves and tell me, 'I love you.' ... There is an African saying which is: Be careful when a naked person offers you a shirt.
46	1	I no longer believed in the idea of soul mates, or love at first sight. But I was beginning to believe that a very few times in your life, if you were lucky, you might meet someone who was exactly right for you. Not because he was perfect, or because you were, but because your combined flaws were arranged in a way that allowed two separate beings to hinge together.
716	0	When was the last time someone ran their fingers through the knots of your soul?
946	0	I'm lucky I'm a comedian, 'cause otherwise my life would just be a series of undocumented low points.
672	1	We only know a person's intentions through awareness. The mind is easily influenced by the suggestions and emotions of others. We are either manipulated into serving others, or willingly surrendering to assist them. One is our choice, the other is theirs.Fear makes us slaves, while love sets us free to serve and surrender to a greater good.Discernment is needed for us to see which we are: slave, or servant?
675	0	She is the innocent stuff in the background of time.
650	0	Tensurrealism creates actual and non-compromised reality, jamboree, fervor, fascination, poetics of an active enthusiasm, interludium, lyrical practice, active happiness.
142	0	Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired.
820	2	None of us can be free of conflict and woe. Even the greatest men have had to accept disappointments as their daily bread. ... The art of living lies less in eliminating our troubles than in growing with them.
794	0	We can love anyone at a safe distance, but loving people in the thick of their mess takes the supernatural love of Jesus working in us.
430	0	Work is accomplished by those employees who have not yet reached their level of incompetence.
902	1	Clarity leads to attention and attention leads to results.
684	1	And because we have been given thought, will, and imagination, albeit on a human scale, we too have this power to create.
71	0	We fell in love, despite our differences, and once we did, something rare and beautiful was created. For me, love like that has only happened once, and that's why every minute we spent together has been seared in my memory. I'll never forget a single moment of it.
937	2	Love life. Live your life with joy so you may fill the world with joy. Let no one leave your presence without feeling the joy of life.
814	0	Later that afternoon, the girls sat on the porch, bored and worried. It was good that they didn't find any dead bats, but why didn't they? Was Tyler right - did the bats fly higher when it was windier? Was it because they could avoid the turbine easier when it was spinning faster? That didn't make sense.
819	0	Here in this place all souls resonate within a holy vibration.
792	0	It is indeed a matter of great difficulty to discover, and effectually to distinguish, the true motions of particular bodies from the apparent because the parts of that immovable space, in which those motions are performed, do by no means come under the observation of our senses.
958	0	How can you ricochet from a moment where you are on top of the world to one where you are crawling at rock bottom
293	0	True love is usually the most inconvenient kind.
214	0	I wasn't actually in love, but I felt a sort of tender curiosity.
331	0	If there is no love in the world, we will make a new world, and we will give it walls, and we will furnish it with soft, red interiors, from the inside out, and give it a knocker that resonates like a diamond falling to a jeweller's felt so that we should never hear it. Love me, because love doesn't exist, and I have tried everything that does.
889	2	Some people dream of success, others stay awake to achieve it.
603	2	Until you let go of that bitterness in your heart, it will find a comfortable place to destroy your dreams, your sight and most times, your sleep.
901	0	There are, in truth, no specialties in medicine, since to know fully many of the most important diseases a man must be familiar with their manifestations in many organs.
836	0	I think hope is the worst thing in the world. I really do. It makes a fool of you while it lasts. And then when it's gone, it's like there's nothing left of you at all . . . except what you can't be rid of.
88	1	They say a person needs just three things to be truly happy in this world: someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for.
652	0	Every time I think that I'm getting old  and gradually going to the grave  something else happens.
429	1	Too Big To Fail is nothing compared to Too Holy To Fall.
203	0	"Maybe...you'll fall in love with me all over again.""""Hell,"" I said, ""I love you enough now. What do you want to do? Ruin me?""""Yes. I want to ruin you.""""Good,"" I said. ""That's what I want too."
842	0	Friends don't leave friends behind to wash dishes for yetis!
543	0	I like to be loved by my children, and I quite like the 'Guardian' hating me. I like it when I read they want me to die painfully. Then I think I've really got under their skin. It's like annoying a teacher. Once they've shown signs of weakness, you really can go for them.
468	0	Win, lose or draw, you're all my cousins and I love you.
436	0	Empathy, he once had decided, must be limited to herbivores or anyhow omnivores who could depart from a meat diet. Because, ultimately, the empathic gift blurred the boundaries between hunter and victim, between the successful and the defeated.
940	0	We know your secret.And we won‚Äôt be made invisible.
278	1	Don't cry over someone who wouldn't cry over you.
625	1	And woman should stand beside man as the comrade of his soul, not the servant of his body.
282	0	I wonder how many people don't get the one they want, but end up with the one they're supposed to be with.
662	0	I felt like I was seeing Shannon through a new lens, undistracted by Jennifer's nuclear glow. I could see how pretty she really was, how kind her eyes were.
898	0	..here's the editor's prescription, writer: 1000 words daily until next checkup.
732	0	People just don't like me, and it's unfortunate, because I'm trying to get people to come down and visit New Zealand. I'm an ambassador for New Zealand... it's kind of sad.
844	2	Be your own hero. Be smart.
33	1	To love at all is to be vulnerable. Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable.
399	1	A bird does not fly because of the wind around it, but because of the strength within it.
130	2	If you love somebody, let them go, for if they return, they were always yours. If they don't, they never were.
127	2	How many slams in an old screen door? Depends how loud you shut it. How many slices in a bread? Depends how thin you cut it. How much good inside a day? Depends how good you live 'em. How much love inside a friend? Depends how much you give 'em.
342	0	If he loved with all the powers of his puny being, he couldn't love as much in eighty years as I could in a day.
442	0	The things that I've been longing for were nothing but dreams.
821	0	All your life should be seen and measured in the light of eternity.
765	0	When God forgives us and purifies us of our sin, He also forgets it. Forgiveness results in God dropping the charges against us.
81	0	Eleanor was right. She never looked nice. She looked like art, and art wasn't supposed to look nice; it was supposed to make you feel something.
788	2	I believe that the most important single thing, beyond discipline and creativity is daring to dare.
954	0	A wedding is such a girl thing.
154	1	Of all forms of caution, caution in love is perhaps the most fatal to true happiness.
507	0	The splendor of that moment, its transcendent glory and aliveness, haunted him. He could thrust it aside by day, but it poisoned his dreams by night, calling to him and pleading with him to unlock the chains he'd bound about it.
490	1	I am an American; free born and free bred, where I acknowledge no man as my superior, except for his own worth, or as my inferior, except for his own demerit.
943	0	True religion must raise to work at the bar and the bench, on the couch and on the streets, in the cottage of the poor man and in the penthouse of the entrepreneur, with the fisherman that is catching fish and with the students that are studying.
383	0	I can‚Äôt do small talk really, and that‚Äôs fine. I've got old friends and family that love me, thank God. I‚Äôm grateful for what a city gives you access to, but I do feel that I‚Äôm only here until I figure out how to get out again.
431	2	Don‚Äôt hide yourself from the world and don‚Äôt let the world hide himself from you!
607	0	There are all kinds of mix tapes. there is always a reason to make one.
465	0	But I'm not a saint yet. I'm an alcoholic. I'm a drug addict. I'm homosexual. I'm a genius.
345	0	I bet you could sometimes find all the mysteries of the universe in someone's hand.
852	1	I worked for a menial‚Äôs hire,Only to learn, dismayed,That any wage I had asked of Life,Life would have willingly paid.
764	0	Exactly when will you give up?When things will seem out of your hands ?When situations will seem out of your control?Will you try to control them? Or will you let go?Will you give up then? Or will you keep holding on?Don't tell me that I gave up
463	1	A flower falls, even though we love it; and a weed grows, even though we do not love it.
503	0	Gandhi is an example of a man who grew from being self-centered as he was learning to become a lawyer in England, to becoming more family- and social oriented in South-Africa, where he led a reformation of Indian rights, to becoming determined in helping his nation recover from British rule at which he succeeded in the end with the help of a great many people. At the end of his life Gandhi was increasingly focused on a larger picture, encasing the whole world in his vision of a peaceful future.
162	0	What Is Love? I have met in the streets a very poor young man who was in love. His hat was old, his coat worn, the water passed through his shoes and the stars through his soul
542	0	I can‚Äôt‚Äù‚Ä¶ ‚ÄúIt‚Äôs not possible‚Äù‚Ä¶ ‚ÄúI‚Äôm not good enough‚Äù... ~ These are lies the demons of your past use to scare away the possibilities of the present.
17	1	There is never a time or place for true love. It happens accidentally, in a heartbeat, in a single flashing, throbbing moment.
550	1	Any great love comes from intense suffering
999	0	The longer you live, the more mistakes you make. And the more sorrows you carry.
775	0	[Angels] crisscross the Old and New Testaments, being mentioned directly or indirectly nearly 300 times.
504	0	OUR SUCCESS IN THIS MORTAL LIFE IS JUDGED BY HOW MANY PEOPLE WE HAVE FOOLED THROUGHOUT.
882	0	You couldn't make up something that looked so right.
458	0	Let children alone... the education of habit is successful in so far as it enables the mother to let her children alone, not teasing them with perpetual commands and directions - a running fire of Do and Don‚Äôt ; but letting them go their own way and grow, having first secured that they will go the right way and grow to fruitful purpose.
945	0	Extending gratitude to another says, ‚ÄúI see what you‚Äôve done and I thank you for the energy you put forth.
626	0	"I'd rather have rabies than be in love.""""Why?""""Because at least you can get over rabies with some shots."
309	0	The bond forged between us was not one that could be broken by absence, distance, or time. And no matter how much more special or beautiful or brilliant or perfect than me he might be, he was as irreversibly altered as I was. As I would always belong to him, so would he always be mine.
848	0	The first thing I bought that was really stylish was in 1969 when I was eleven. I saved up for a black, grey and white tie-dye grandad vest. It was too big - they weren't catering for kids my age - and hung off me, but I loved it.
428	0	Whatever you just thought of, I‚Äôm not doing it.‚Äù Egg
264	0	Do not fall in love with people like me. I will take you to museums, and parks, and monuments, and kiss you in every beautiful place, so that you can never go back to them without tasting me like blood in your mouth.I will destroy you in the most beautiful way possible. And when I leave you will finally understand, why storms are named after people.
364	0	It's a fathers job to spoil his daughters shamelessly, it's their husbands job to tame them. Prince Zehava-The Dragon Prince
55	0	Perhaps all the dragons in our lives are princesses who are only waiting to see us act, just once, with beauty and courage. Perhaps everything that frightens us is, in its deepest essence, something helpless that wants our love.
157	0	I fell in love with her courage, her sincerity, and her flaming self respect. And it's these things I'd believe in, even if the whole world indulged in wild suspicions that she wasn't all she should be. I love her and it is the beginning of everything.
939	2	I do not know you, my friends, not individually, most of you, but this is the wonderful thing about the work of a preacher, he does not need to know his congregation. Do you know why? Because I know the most important thing about every single one of you, and that is that each of you is a vile sinner. I do not care who you are, because all have sinned and come short of the glory of God. I do not care what particular form your sin takes. There is a great deal of attention paid to that today. The preacher is not interested in that. I do not want a catalogue of your sins. I do not care what your sins are. They can be very respectable or they can be heinous, vile, foul, filthy. It does not matter, thank God. But what I have authority to tell you is this. Though you may be the vilest man or woman ever known, and though you may until this moment have lived your life in the gutters and the brothels of sin in every shape and form, I say this to you: be it known unto you that through this man, this Lord Jesus Christ, is preached unto you the forgiveness of sin. And by him all who believe, you included, are at this very moment justified entirely and completely from everything you have ever done‚Äî if you believe that this is the Lord Jesus Christ, the Son of God, and that he died there on the cross, for your sins and to bear your punishment. If you believe that, and thank him for it, and rely utterly only upon him and what he has done, I tell you, in the name of God, all your sins are blotted out completely, as if you had never sinned in your life, and his righteousness is put on you and God sees you perfect in his Son. That is the message of the cross, that is Christian preaching, that it is our Lord who saves us, by dying on the cross, and that nothing else can save us, but that that can save whosoever believeth in him.
689	0	People talk of rage as something fluid; it boils, flows, spills over, scalds. For her, it is not any of these things. Instead it is a vast, frozen sea, solid as rock, unthawable. She has never seen the sea, but she knows it wraps around three-quarters of the world. All her anger is that and more.
421	1	I do not want to grow for the sake of growth. Never will I be blinded by greed.
524	0	Oh. Well was this your first time painting a live model?‚ÄùShe nodded her head, with an almost guilty look on her face.‚ÄúWhat‚Äôs it like?‚Äù‚ÄúHard,‚Äù she replied.
755	1	If we define ourselves by each of the ever-changing feelings that cascade through us, how will we ever feel at home in our own bodies and minds?
398	1	"There are no buts,"" she said. ""Not about this. Not with me. I love you, Wilson, and I know that you love me. And if we're going to make it work between us, we're both going to have to give a little. I'm not asking you to believe. I'm asking you to it's acome with me to church. Marriage is about compromise; it's about doing something for the other person, even if you don't want to. Like I did with the wedding."
547	2	Understanding and truly accepting God's forgiveness is the incubator to a meaningful walk with Jesus. As we escape the dregs of compromise to walk in purity and obedience, we are free to grow on God's timetable if we ignore the lies of the unholy world. And only by avoiding faulty human logic can we give our lives over to the seeming risk of a God who is actually unable to be anything but faithful.
887	1	From age nine, my friends and I were on the streets, walking home, going to each other's houses, going to the store. I really wanted to write about that: the independence that's a little bit scary but also a really positive thing in a lot of ways.
723	1	Between where you stand today and where God needs you to be is a thousand lies, a thousand reasons to give up and an army of people willing to break down your spirit and motivation. You will be hurt. You will be labeled. You will be betrayed. You will get lost. You will make mistakes. You might even want to give up because a few people that say they stand for Christ appear to stand against you. Don't do it! God only gives you what he knows you can handle. So, guess what? If God knew that you could travel through hell and get to the other side then you must be one ---BADASS WOMAN!
487	0	the fundamental question Juvenile Court was designed to ask - What's the best way to deal with this individual kid? - is often lost in the process, replaced by a point system that opens the door, or locks it, depending on the qualities of the crime, not the child.
261	1	The heart has its reasons which reason knows not.
620	2	The point is, that the function of the novel seems to be changing; it has become an outpost of journalism; we read novels for information about areas of life we don‚Äôt know ‚Äî Nigeria, South Africa, the American army, a coal-mining village, coteries in Chelsea, etc. We read to find out what is going on. One novel in five hundred or a thousand has the quality a novel should have to make it a novel ‚Äî the quality of philosophy. I find that I read with the same kind of curiosity most novels, and a book of reportage. Most novels, if they are successful at all, are original in the sense that they report the existence of an area of society, a type of person, not yet admitted to the general literate consciousness. The novel has become a function of the fragmented society, the fragmented consciousness. Human beings are so divided, are becoming more and more divided, and more subdivided in themselves, reflecting the world, that they reach out desperately, not knowing they do it, for information about other groups inside their own country, let alone about groups in other countries. It is a blind grasping out for their own wholeness, and the novel-report is a means towards it.
539	1	Light always overcomes darkness.
514	0	I do this system called TRX. It was developed by a Navy SEAL and is basically a simple cord that you can wrap around something anywhere, anytime, and you use your body weight as resistance. We installed one in our home gym, but you can also attach it to a tree. It's very easy to travel with.
533	0	Little crimes breed big crimes. You smile at little crimes and then big crimes blow your head off.
158	0	If you gave someone your heart and they died, did they take it with them? Did you spend the rest of forever with a hole inside you that couldn't be filled?
559	0	The worst thing about being famous is the invasion of your privacy.
506	0	Why couldn't she have given him a sultry laugh as she'd seen women do in movies instead of giggling like some enchanted, mindless school girl?
368	0	I love cats because I enjoy my home; and little by little, they become its visible soul.
948	0	"Have you ever kissed anybody?"" he asked and took a sip.I smirked. ""There aren't a whole lot of opportunitiesin the digital world. I did practice on my hand once. It didn't do anything for me"".Justin coughed on the water he was swallowing and I slapped my hand over my mouth.""Did I just say that aloud?"" I mumbled.He was half coughing, half laughing. ""Yes, you did"", he managed to say."
574	0	If your prospect like your product, they'll tell 10 people. If they don't, they'll tell 1,000.
936	0	Life is tough, then you die.
77	0	Every heart sings a song, incomplete, until another heart whispers back. Those who wish to sing always find a song. At the touch of a lover, everyone becomes a poet.
715	1	If you Succeed you will LEAD, if you Failed you will become WISE.
648	1	Take from a man his freedom or his goods and you may have taken his innocence, almost his humanity, as well.
813	0	Nothing is more like a wise man than a fool who holds his tongue.
724	0	Art is essentially the affirmation, the blessing, and the deification of existence.
250	0	What she had realized was that love was that moment when your heart was about to burst.
21	1	I am nothing special, of this I am sure. I am a common man with common thoughts and I've led a common life. There are no monuments dedicated to me and my name will soon be forgotten, but I've loved another with all my heart and soul, and to me, this has always been enough..
745	0	Insurance business is about promises and trust. It is about delivering to the customer in times of need and if this cannot be imbibed in a professional neither him nor the industry will succeed.
251	0	I know we're fucked up, alright? I'm impulsive, and hot tempered, and you get under my skin like no one else. You act like you hate me one minute, and then need me the next. I never get anything right, and I don't deserve you...but I fucking love you, Abby. I love you more than I loved anyone or anything ever. When you're around, I don't need booze, or money, or the fighting, or the one-night stands...
95	0	For the two of us, home isn't a place. It is a person. And we are finally home.
104	0	What I want is to be needed. What I need is to be indispensable to somebody. Who I need is somebody that will eat up all my free time, my ego, my attention. Somebody addicted to me. A mutual addiction.
343	0	O Romeo, Romeo, wherefore art thou Romeo? Deny thy father refuse thy name, thou art thyself thou not a montegue, what is montegue? tis nor hand nor foot nor any other part belonging to a man What is in a name? That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet, So Romeo would were he not Romeo called retain such dear perfection to which he owes without that title, Romeo, Doth thy name! And for that name which is no part of thee, take all thyself.
252	1	Sorrow is how we learn to love. Your heart isn't breaking. It hurts because it's getting larger. The larger it gets, the more love it holds.
913	0	There is this question of otherness‚Ä¶.So just as it is blood alone that binds people to defend one another in the face of danger, on the spiritual plane one person will struggle to help another only if this person is not ‚Äòdifferent‚Äô, and if, quite aside from opinions and convictions, they share similar natures at the deepest level.
633	0	The poor eats with his eyes, the rich with his mouth.
192	0	I want to do with you what spring does with the cherry trees.
671	0	Something strange happens about dreams that Gloria has ‚Äì the real world seems to get mixed up into the dreams and the dreams seem all the more real ‚Äì with part of your mind you're aware of what‚Äôs going on around you, but part of your mind is drifting and things start to get mixed up. What I'm trying to say is that the human mind has developed a safety valve and dreaming is really the unconscious mind (me in this case) clearing up the debris it has otherwise been unable to cope with on the conscious level ‚Äì if this is so, then tonight‚Äôs dreams became like 'a horror show' in which Gloria and I were literally imprisoned. Gloria's Helper
43	2	He’s not perfect. You aren’t either, and the two of you will never be perfect. But if he can make you laugh at least once, causes you to think twice, and if he admits to being human and making mistakes, hold onto him and give him the most you can. He isn’t going to quote poetry, he’s not thinking about you every moment, but he will give you a part of him that he knows you could break. Don’t hurt him, don’t change him, and don’t expect for more than he can give. Don’t analyze. Smile when he makes you happy, yell when he makes you mad, and miss him when he’s not there. Love hard when there is love to be had. Because perfect guys don’t exist, but there’s always one guy that is perfect for you.
980	2	You ain't living unless your living high
683	0	An arena large as Europe Silent waiting the contest
860	1	We ascribe meanings because it is our nature to do so..We can no more see a thing without searching for a meaning than we can see a snag in a robe without pulling on the loose thread.
988	1	I do believe in soulmates and happy/successful marriages. No marriage can be happy 24x7 for 365 days. Both partners have to make the relationship work, is what I believe in.
93	0	I have a history of making decisions very quickly about men. I have always fallen in love fast and without measuring risks. I have a tendency not only to see the best in everyone, but to assume that everyone is emotionally capable of reaching his highest potential. I have fallen in love more times than I care to count with the highest potential of a man, rather than with the man himself, and I have hung on to the relationship for a long time (sometimes far too long) waiting for the man to ascend to his own greatness. Many times in romance I have been a victim of my own optimism.
459	0	"Where do babies come from? Don't bother asking adults. They lie like pigs. However, diligent independent research and hours of playground consultation have yielded fruitful, if tentative, results. There are several theories. Near as we can figure out, it has something to do with acting ridiculous in the dark. We believe it is similar to dogs when they act peculiar and ride each other. This is called ""making love"". Careful study of popular song lyrics, advertising catch-lines, TV sitcoms, movies, and T-Shirt inscriptions offers us significant clues as to its nature. Apparently it makes grown-ups insipid and insane. Some graffiti was once observed that said ""sex is good"". All available evidence, however, points to the contrary."
92	1	Love is always patient and kind. It is never jealous. Love is never boastful or conceited. It is never rude or selfish. It does not take offense and is not resentful. Love takes no pleasure in other people’s sins, but delights in the truth. It is always ready to excuse, to trust, to hope, and to endure whatever comes.
934	2	The road to success is through commitment, and through the strength to drive through that commitment when it gets hard. And it is gonna get hard and you're gonna wanna quit sometimes, but it'll be colored by who you are, and more who you want to be.
736	0	I would rather write 10,000 notes than a single letter of the alphabet.
370	0	I was running on the earth,Slashing primeval winds.I was running in the world,Riddled with darkness.
253	1	Friendship marks a life even more deeply than love. Love risks degenerating into obsession, friendship is never anything but sharing.
204	0	"Was it hard?"" I ask.Letting go?""Not as hard as holding on to something that wasn't real."
315	1	This is what we call love. When you are loved, you can do anything in creation. When you are loved, there's no need at all to understand what's happening, because everything happens within you.
611	0	We are laying the foundation for some new, monstrous civilization. Only now do I realize what price was paid for building the ancient civilizations. The Egyptian pyramids, the temples and Greek statues‚Äîwhat a hideous crime they were! How much blood must have poured on to the Roman roads, the bulwarks, and the city walls. Antiquity‚Äîthe tremendous concentration camp where the slave was branded on the forehead by his master, and crucified for trying to escape! Antiquity‚Äîthe conspiracy of the free men against the slaves!.... If the Germans win the war, what will the world know about us? They will erect huge buildings, highways, factories, soaring monuments. Our hands will be placed under every brick, and our backs will carry the steel rails and the slabs of concrete. They will kill off our families, our sick, our aged. They will murder our children.And we shall be forgotten, drowned out by the voices of the poets, the jurists, the philosophers, the priests. They will produce their own beauty, virtue, and truth. They will produce religion.
959	2	When you accept fallibility within yourself you become more perfect.
188	0	One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well.
266	0	Holding Eleanor's hand was like holding a butterfly. Or a heartbeat. Like holding something complete, and completely alive.
365	0	They can expect nothing but their labor for their pains.
873	1	Does god need our prayers? No. God doesn't need anything. A god in need is not a god indeed. So why do we pray? We pray out of a sense of gratitude. Prayer is a thank you. We feel better when we have offered our gratitude to the creator. Prayer is for our emotional and spiritual edification
637	2	Because travel was an area of my life where I felt most vital, I wanted to continue to invest in that, too. I had quit a full time job, drained my retirement account to invest in a long-held dream, and used the realization of that dream to enter a void with no guarantees. I didn‚Äôt want financial struggle to be the sole outgrowth of the risks I had taken. More than money, I had put my belief systems on the line.
221	0	If conversation was the lyrics, laughter was the music, making time spent together a melody that could be replayed over and over without getting stale.
257	1	It takes courage to love, but pain through love is the purifying fire which those who love generously know. We all know people who are so much afraid of pain that they shut themselves up like clams in a shell and, giving out nothing, receive nothing and therefore shrink until life is a mere living death.
115	0	Love is a fire. But whether it is going to warm your hearth or burn down your house, you can never tell.
467	2	To heal, you have to give yourself to the pain. You cannot avoid facing yourself your whole life.
325	0	The world was collapsing, and the only thing that really mattered to me was that she was alive.
66	2	Life will break you. Nobody can protect you from that, and living alone won't either, for solitude will also break you with its yearning. You have to love. You have to feel. It is the reason you are here on earth. You are here to risk your heart. You are here to be swallowed up. And when it happens that you are broken, or betrayed, or left, or hurt, or death brushes near, let yourself sit by an apple tree and listen to the apples falling all around you in heaps, wasting their sweetness. Tell yourself you tasted as many as you could.
995	0	Sometimes I wish I was in the movies...Not to be famous or nothing. I just wish I was made of light. Then nobody‚Äôd know me except for what they saw up on that screen. I‚Äôd just be light up on the silver screen, and not at all a man.
409	0	If you‚Äôd rather watch your kids grow up than see the face of your Savior today, you don‚Äôt grasp the beauty of God. If you worry about what would happen to your children if you were gone, you don‚Äôt understand the providence of God.
321	2	You have to kiss a lot of frogs before you find your prince
401	0	After climbing off his bike, I smacked his shoulder. ‚ÄúDid you forget I was with you? Are you trying to get me killed?‚Äù‚ÄúIt‚Äôs hard to forget you‚Äôre behind me when your thighs are squeezing the life out of me.‚Äù A smirk came with his next thought. ‚ÄúI couldn‚Äôt think of a better way to die, actually.‚Äù‚ÄúThere is something very wrong with you.
990	0	Most of us start out with a positive attitude and a plan to do our best.
328	1	To me, “FEARLESS” is not the absence of fear. It’s not being completely unafraid. To me, FEARLESS is having fears. FEARLESS is having doubts. Lots of them. To me, FEARLESS is living in spite of those things that scare you to death. FEARLESS is falling madly in love again, even though you’ve been hurt before. FEARLESS is walking into your freshmen year of high school at fifteen. FEARLESS is getting back up and fighting for what you want over and over again… even though every time you’ve tried before, you’ve lost. It’s FEARLESS to have faith that someday things will change. FEARLESS is having the courage to say goodbye to someone who only hurts you, even if you can’t breathe without them. I think it’s FEARLESS to fall for your best friend, even though he’s in love with someone else. And when someone apologizes to you enough times for things they’ll never stop doing, I think it’s FEARLESS to stop believing them. It’s FEARLESS to say “you’re NOT sorry”, and walk away. I think loving someone despite what people think is FEARLESS. I think allowing yourself to cry on the bathroom floor is FEARLESS. Letting go is FEARLESS. Then, moving on and being alright…That’sFEARLESS too. But no matter what love throws at you, you have to believe in it. You have to believe in love stories and prince charmings and happily ever after. That’s why I write these songs. Because I think love is FEARLESS.
905	0	...most systems end up by making imagined humility into a form of vanity, so they end up with vanity just the same.
11	2	It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.
28	0	We’re all a little weird. And life is a little weird. And when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours, we join up with them and fall into mutually satisfying weirdness—and call it love—true love.
598	2	Fight for change? Thirst for difference?Start talking what men avoid talking about.
964	2	This I choose to do. If there is a price, this I choose to pay. If it is my death, then I choose to die. Where this takes me, there I choose to go. I choose. This I choose to do.
213	0	I could not tell you if I loved you the first moment I saw you, or if it was the second or third or fourth. But I remember the first moment I looked at you walking toward me and realized that somehow the rest of the world seemed to vanish when I was with you.
931	2	Don‚Äôt savor temptations; don‚Äôt dwell on them or toy with them or replay them over and over in your mind. The more you think about a particular temptation, the more enticing it becomes.
323	1	About all you can do in life is be who you are. Some people will love you for you. Most will love you for what you can do for them, and some won't like you at all.
489	2	Nearly every moment of every day, we have the opportunity to give something to someone else - our time, our love, our resources.
757	1	Struggle strengthens the human bond and lightens the burden of the human condition.
618	0	The most urgent necessity is, not that the State should teach, but that it should allow education. All monopolies are detestable, but the worst of all is the monopoly of education.
772	1	You cannot know what light isif you have not experienced darkness.How could you know what happiness feels likeif you know not what it means to be sad?Right does not exist without wrongHate exists because there is love.You are either driven by fear or love.To love is not to fear.It is to be godly.
556	2	I‚Äôm where my heart is because that‚Äôs my home! And I believe that the best place to live is in somebody‚Äôs heart. I‚Äôm a firm believer in loving kindness and forgiveness. I feel so much lighter not to be carrying the weight of negative emotions.
753	2	I prefer to suffer than repent because I stand by my decision and capable enough top pay for it Or reap the beauty later.
446	0	Fate is being kind to me. Fate doesn't want me to be too famous too young.
106	0	My daddy said, that the first time you fall in love, it changes you forever and no matter how hard you try, that feeling just never goes away.
711	0	Moreover, environmental health at the local level has become narrowly focused, very much defined around regulations and the attendant regulatory debates.
248	0	Be with me always - take any form - drive me mad! only do not leave me in this abyss, where I cannot find you! Oh, God! it is unutterable! I can not live without my life! I can not live without my soul!
976	0	"So why does the world appear stable to you when you‚Äôre looking at it? Why doesn‚Äôt it appear as jerky and nauseating as the poorly filmed video? Here‚Äôs why: your internal model operates under the assumption that the world outside is stable. Your eyes are not like video cameras ‚Äì they simply venture out to find more details to feed into the internal model. They‚Äôre not like camera lenses that you‚Äôre seeing through; they‚Äôre gathering bits of data to feed the world inside your skull."" The Brain: The Story of You - David Eagleman"
733	0	I always have a positive reaction to Times Square - you've got so many people passing through here, so many cultures, and so many people merging into the central community of New York City. This is the hub of America.
119	0	If you remember me, then I don't care if everyone else forgets.
166	1	If she's amazing, she won't be easy. If she's easy, she won't be amazing. If she's worth it, you wont give up. If you give up, you're not worthy. ... Truth is, everybody is going to hurt you; you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for.
965	0	I am always locked in my design studio.
246	0	When I saw you I fell in love, and you smiled because you knew.
760	0	I would listen with growing outrage as hypocritical and obtuse American senators made all these demands of Iraqi legislators and yet themselves could not even pass budgets or appropriations bills, not to mention deal with tough challenges like the budget deficit, Social Security, and entitlement reforms. So many times I wanted to come right out of my chair at the witness table and scream, You guys have been in business for over two hundred years and can't pass routine legislation. How can you be so impatient with a bunch of parliamentarians who've been at it a year after four thousand years of dictatorship?
998	0	Hate is not a good counselor.
609	0	People who run environmental groups and things like that, who have to listen to all kinds of nonsense and keep their tempers, are very diplomatic and very inclusive.
823	0	I missed him so much that it felt like a physical pain in the area below my ribs. I opened my mouth to accommodate it. I put my hand to it. A hollow, aching, piercing place.
