852	3	I'm going to have to disagree with you. Honestly, I think this sub has a habit of hyping up James and Sirius when we don't know much about their intellect. All we really know is that they cast the Homunculus Charm (to create the Marauders Map), became Animagi along with Pettigrew, were sure they aced the DADA exam, and weren't studying in between exams. Honestly, unless Slughorn was just hyping Lily up, her talent seems a bit more impressive, although she doesn't have many actual achievements to back her.As for whether Hermione or James and Sirius were smarter, I think Hermione wins out. Even assuming that they weren't studying at all throughout their Hogwarts years and that they got top grades in all subjects (assertions with little to no canonical basis), Hermione's shown to learn insanely quick. IIRC, a week before they left for Hogwarts, they gathered their course books, but by the time they were on train, she was already months into the curriculum and practicing the Summoning Charm. And then a month or two after that, she learned fifth year-level material and was taking O.W.L practice tests. Not only that, but before her first year, she only had approximately 6 weeks to read her course books (since from CoS, we know students receive booklists for their corresponding year all at the same time), but by the time she met Harry and Ron on the train, she had them all memorized, along with tons of history books, and was casting simple spells on her first try (and they only learned their first charm in class on Halloween). I know that it's a bit counterintuitive to say that the girl who's always studying is a quicker learner than slackers who get similar scores, but I think people forget Hermione generally isn't focused on learning the basic material. It's frequently commented on in the books that when they're doing homework, Hermione takes piles of large books on the topic in areas they're not even touching on. Adding on the fact that she reads up on tons of subjects that the school doesn't cover (alchemy, dark magic, healing, protective enchantments, memory charms, etc.), it makes a lot of sense why she's constantly reading. The only time she's actually  studying the basic material is a few weeks before the exams, but, to me, that says more about her personality than her actual intellect. I used to be a slacker with top grades in every subject, but I knew one person who was always studying, and even though they got the same grades as me, it was obvious to me that they were much more naturally intelligent. Although that guy could have been a slacker and get the same grades, he was an anxious perfectionist, so his mindset led him to study much harder than the people who actually needed to study. The idea that slackers with top grades are always smarter than studiers with the same grades (even when the studier has better feats in terms of learning new material) is demonstrably false.
836	1	American transpostive lefties are fucking brain dead. i swear i always test lib left but these fuckers make me want to go full auth. stop giving kids fucking weird sex shit,
280	3	if you are into the kinds of experiments Samuel Beckett was into, like stretching the limits of writing literature without a plot, go for it. Just know upfront that you got to be super patient with this one. There is this fascinating commentary in the book on the nature of authority itself. The interrogator always impatiently presses for details about room layouts and known acquaintances of people under consideration. They are in a hurry whenever the servant becomes too sentimental or real. The interrogator is always twisting words, trying to make criminal connections between innocent people. The servant wants to talk about his dead wife and child.. but the cop wants seedy details about people associated with his employers.
575	2	You might get more discussion at r/books or r/bookdiscussion
208	1	Brittany Runs a Marathon on Amazon! Actually such a great movie
609	3	In an effort to combat spam, this submission has been moved to the moderation queue for review, as your comment karma score is below our threshold of 5 or your account is under 48 hours old.  This removal is automated and is only looking at your account age and your contributions through comments, not overall karma.  Each post will be reviewed in the moderation queue and approved if it meets subreddit rules.  Thank you for understanding.
932	3	The Christmas season offers little cheer for Eileen Dunlop, an unassuming yet disturbed young woman trapped between her role as her alcoholic father’s caretaker in a home whose squalor is the talk of the neighborhood and a day job as a secretary at the boys prison, filled with its own quotidian horrors. Consumed by resentment and self-loathing, Eileen tempers her dreary days with perverse fantasies and dreams of escaping to the big city. In the meantime, she fills her nights and weekends with shoplifting, stalking a buff prison guard named Randy, and cleaning up her increasingly deranged father’s messes. When the bright, beautiful, and cheery Rebecca Saint John arrives on the scene as the new counselor at the prison, Eileen is enchanted and proves unable to resist what appears at first to be a miraculously budding friendship. But her affection for Rebecca ultimately pulls her into complicity in a crime that surpasses her wildest imaginings.
725	1	This. I joined r/52book last year, and on the whole it was really great. But the completionist in me started pushing through books I didn't really want to, just to get "credit", and I was also flying through books when I didn't feel like reading.I don't want it to be like that. Trying to find my personal middle ground between goal setting and burning out.
47	3	I don't finish everything I read, and my ambition often gets ahead of my capacity. And I have lots of free time at the moment. Still, reading one book of about 200 pages a week isn't too difficult if you can afford to set aside at least two hours a day. Honestly, the hardest part is everything else.My generic advice for reading is:1. Some people only need to read one or two good books before they become a real human being, and the first task is to find those books.2. At least 20 pages a day for an hour a day is a realistic goal- I try for at least 40-60, but that's because I have lots of free time. As long as you're consistent, you're doing it right. Books are the most highly condensed form of experience, and even if you finish your preferred time in months, you're getting plenty. But the backlog never moves without consistency.3. You can't possibly read well if you're disorganized for the rest of your day. Diet, moderate exercise, good sleeping habits, organizing your time, not frittering away your soul on unnecessary or harmful attachments, these are the hard things. "Know thyself" really is the first axiom of wisdom, and the reading of many books is about nothing if not wisdom- many people of great ambitions do not read nearly as consistently, and they get along just fine.
985	3	You’re welcome. You’ll probably get more welcomed engagement on r/books, r/suggestmeabook, r/whattoreadwhen, or r/booksuggestions.
337	3	Even that great bastion of misogyny, Wikipedia, mentions this (see highlighted section).In her 2020 treatise on [domestic violence][link]*See What You Made Me Do*, Australian journalist Jess Hill described the syndrome as a "dubious pathology with no diagnostic criteria", and stated that it is "riddled with misogyny and founded on a lie"; she also noted that a 2008 [literature review][link] revealed that "most diagnoses \[of Stockholm syndrome\] are made by the media, not by psychologists or psychiatrists". In particular, Hill's analysis revealed that Stockholm authorities — under direct guidance from Bejerot — so badly mismanaged their response to the robbery that the hostages were at greater risk from the police than from their captors (hostage Kristin Enmark, who during the siege was granted a phone call with Swedish Prime Minister [Olof Palme][link], reported that Palme told her that the government would not negotiate with criminals, and that "you will have to content yourself that you will have died at your post"); as well, **she observed that not only was Bejerot's diagnosis of Enmark made without ever having spoken to her, it was in direct response to her public criticism of his actions during the siege**.
581	1	The fact that so many are replying to me unironically with the take that "leftists need to stop making problematic jokes that give the right ammunition" ummm you know what gives the right WAY MORE ammunition??? Wokescolds. Have fun trying to build a strong left when it's just a very small bookclub where no one can make jokes. How the fuck have we already forgotten the gamergate era??
155	2	I noticed other posters in /r/truelit were posting here, which is how I found this place. You guys have better taste in film than average (just starting to 'get into' film), and I like how this place is more like an old forum, where you can chat about anything and everything. It's made me more 'online' than I used to be though - before discovering this sub, there's a good chance I would never have known who West Elm Caleb was, for instance. Don't really like that part of it.
692	1	What an original post 😱!: [link]
862	2	Right, well Sylvia Plath isn't a philosopher, so I'd suggest asking somewhere like /r/AskLiteraryStudies/ or /r/askliterature or /r/sylviaplath or somewhere more like that.
790	1	You’re gonna hate me for saying this, but he did visit a pyramid.
572	1	For your readers advisory do you just stay up to date on booklists? I don't do it at all in my special library but sometimes when I sub in public I want to still be able to suggest some good stuff.
241	2	I see myself as a value-investor. For us technical analysis is more like astrology. Patterns only seem to work sometimes and if then because other people see the same patterns and read the same books. I don’t think highly of technical analysis to be frank so I don’t have any book recommendations for that unfortunately.
992	1	Love the 52book sub for that reason. And my tbr grows steadily, but next up on it is The Master - a book about Roger Federer. I'm a tennis player and this was my Christmas gift :D
788	1	Yep, it's never a bad idea to read through a sub's rules before posting:
980	1	Mine is **Inferno: A Memoir of Motherhood and Madness** by **Catherine Cho**.I added this 2 days ago to my tbr list and I can't remember where I got that from, I'm seriously getting old...In general, I follow the subs you listed as well. I love how r/52book fills my reddit with beautiful book covers. I like r/booksuggestions and r/suggestmeabook as well. I also shamelessly steal books from my goodreads friends or even their friends when they pop up in my feed. Sometimes I get books for my tbr from instagram but I don't use it that much.
498	2	I recall reading somewhere that Brown did a kind of scientific analysis of what "worked" in successful / best selling thriller novels, and incorporated that learning into the deliberately short chapters in The DaVinci Code. Other authors had touched on the ideas Brown also touched upon, but no one poured it all into one book and then supercharged the subject matter the way he did. The result was that The DaVinci Code became a word of mouth smash. Great literature it was not, but he succeeded in creating an entire subgenre of books after its success, as publishers looked high and low for the next DaVinci Code.
107	3	I think you'd be better off asking this question in either r/AskLiteraryStudies or r/TrueLit .
767	1	Idk I’ve been doing a 52 book challenge on r/52book for like 8ish years now. It’s mainly a way to make myself carve out time for reading. The first year was definitely a stretch and these days I don’t always make it to 52, sometimes more sometimes less, but it has been a great way to keep up a good habit.
839	1	I really enjoyed it as well! And my bookclub discussion about it was so good!
931	3	I do about 1-2 a week usually. So far I’ve read1. *Samurai* by Michael Wert (nonfiction)2. *The Souls of Black Folk* by WEB Dubois (nonfiction)3. *How Few Remain* by Harry Turtledove (fiction)4. *The Thousand Crimes of Ming Tsu* by Tom Lin (fiction)5. *Shadow Divers* by Robert Kurson (nonfiction)*Thousand Crimes* was a western and it was also really good, so probably my favorite fiction book this year.You should check out /r/52book, it’s a challenge to read at least 1 book a week for a year
300	3	I can’t speak to Herbal Academy (I’ve looked at it as well but haven’t signed up yet.) but, I’ve noticed every Western herbalism resource I’ve looked at, regardless of how dedicated they are to scientific evidence, ascribe to the ideas that “the whole is more than the sum of the parts” in terms of formulations, as well as an energetic system indicating or contraindicating certain herbs based on a person’s ‘constitution’. both were probably cribbed from TCM and Ayurvedic tradition at some point in relatively recent history. Neither idea seems to have any real scientific support but they are ubiquitous. Most resources I’ve seen also at least mention homeopathy in a more sympathetic light than I’m comfortable with.In spite of that, you can get science-based information on the plants that do act as pharmaceuticals from a variety of places. I have the exact same goal as you; I’ve been taking the Chestnut School course (it’s not rigorous but it’s done the job of introducing me to the herbalism world) and after spending 6 months taking it in that way I bought two books, AHG’s Botanical Safety Handbook (it’s expensive and huge) and Principles and Practice of Phytotherapy (not quite as expensive but still huge).  Both are good reviews of the literature although I think the second one has a positive bias towards the efficacy of herbs. but anyway, they gave me enough confidence to start actually making and taking basic herbal medicines, doing stuff with essential oils that won’t poison my cats, dogs, and so on.
386	2	I'm sorry, but have you seen Dominic Keating nowadays? He looks like my grandma. A few scenes with the original cast, nicely de-aged (Luke Skywalker in The Book of Boba Fett) would work; or a show that would pick up in the 2170s, thus allowing the original cast to be the age they are.
490	3	It's actually not common at all.In her 2019 treatise on [domestic violence][outside link] *See What You Made Me Do*, Australian journalist Jess Hill described the syndrome as a "dubious pathology with no diagnostic criteria", and stated that it is "riddled with misogyny and founded on a lie"; she also noted that a 2008 [literature review][link] revealed that "most diagnoses \[of Stockholm syndrome\] are made by the media, not by psychologists or psychiatrists."The syndrome is rare: according to data from the [FBI]([link], about 5% of hostage victims show evidence of Stockholm syndrome.[link]
918	3	No.  You're best off taking this to /r/AskLiteraryStudies.
49	4	This dark magic puts them at the heart of a battle of good versus evil and a fight for the soul of the family—and perhaps for all of the world. But the Graves family has a secret weapon in this battle: their love for one another.
216	1	Underrated book. It’s a shame Traviss did her damndest to completely derail the characters of GoO, although the other authors who picked them up I feel did a much better job respecting Nylund’s portrayal of the S3s.
887	3	Yes, however you are right, you should probably educate yourself because if you go in without the education that is for sure when your ignorance (not to be mean or anything, just stating that's how it is since you don't have the exposure) would detract from the progresses being made in spaces of activism, read up on the history (it will help you understand everything better including your racial identity) and anti-racism. There are a ton of booklists and recommendations that come up when you look for one or two on Goodreads and Amazon. If you want even, I'm pretty sure you could get the audio books for them.
73	2	Howdy captain Howdy,This is to solicit mod + community interest in aping another, un-"true", sub.  In r/bookclub there is an institution called "evergreen read", where anyone can declare and schedule a group read of a previously selected book at any time, without a vote or mod involvement. I instituted that institution when I was the active mod and still think it was a good idea.  And I think it is an even better idea here for the reasons set forth below.1. Works of permanent literary merit are of long term interest.2. Rereading is better than reading; true reading is rereading.3. By group reading (what Schiller called "gruppeweiderlesen") the tar out of a haphazardly selected subset of works of permanent merit, the truelit community will establish and nourish a growing shared reference.4. Subscribers come and go, our availability is now and then.  According to M. E., many current subscribers passionately resent having not been current subscribers when The Passion According to W.H. was groupread.5. An evergreen reread can be specialized: The organizer can announce: "this will focus on the last quarter of the book with reference to such-and-so an article in jstor".  Or: "this is specifically about common themes in The Passion and The Waves."  This can establish a venue for discussions that would be off puttingly specialized in a normal first read thru.6. I have the best words.7. Someone suggested reading Finnegans Wake.  There is no way to read it except repeatedly with people you've read it with before.
125	1	Not everything that is ever written or read has to be great literature, ffs. Breathtakingly wonderful writing, but so does quick fun escapism. Your taste in books is your own and no one needs or wants their choices policed by some pretentious bag of dicks on the internet. Get over yourself.
565	3	What unites such diverse academic fields as music composition, theory, musicology, cognition, literary studies, neuropsychology, economics, anatomy, genetics, bioinformatics, political science, geopolitics, pharmacology and anthropology? A terminological non-issue that respondents have been telling you for three years is easily resolved by opening a dictionary.
262	2	I thought Christopher wasn't a fan of the movies adaption, since they did change a couple of things. But yes, overall it was a good adaption that almost all fans of the books appreciated.
717	1	A good time to do it! Semi-related: a bookclub friend read all the *Dune* stuff -- meaning the ones by Frank Herbert (6) and the ones by his son, Brian, which was something insane like 25. More or less back-to-back (he had to slot in the club reads of course). I don't know how he did on it. I couldn't keep my reading that focused. I need some variety.
596	3	It looks like you're trying to start a conversation, but you haven't included much for users to respond to. Please make a new post and include your thoughts in the text portion of your post. For example: What did you like or dislike about the book? What did you think of the actions of the main character? etc. Please don't add random stuff as it is just going to get your post removed again.
669	1	Our post Mormon bookclub read “Zealot” last year! It made so much more sense to me than anything I had heard at church. We also read “sapiens” and “who wrote the Bible” Right around the same time and that was pretty much it for me! Highly recommend this trio of books!
309	1	This post is from r/TrueLit, a sub which proves the existence if there ever was one.
803	1	Interestingly enough, almost this exact question has come up before. The answers there may be of use. There are a few flippant comments, but most are helpful
877	3	In the Skin of a Jihadist: A Young Journalist Enters the Isis Recruit Network, by Anna Erelle** is an amazing story of a Muslim journalist who went undercover posing as a USA Muslim Girl to a member of IsIs. She was trying to gain information about how they were recruiting youth in order to help an organization that intervenes in deradicalizing youth. She was unknowingly being tapped by the NSA, and the information they gained from her was used to take out a high ranking member. It’s an amazing story.
848	1	You’re gonna be sent to r/booksuggestions or r/suggestmeabook or r/whattoreadwhen. Recommendations are only allowed in the sticky’d thread!
580	1	2021 was the year I tried audiobooks for the first time. But I just needed to have the physical copies too. It's a bad habit I'm trying to overcome. I have had some REALLY good reads this year. I rated them in tiers. (I regret putting the book "Shout" in good and not great) I hope this answers your question.
864	3	Welcome to /r/ExplainAFilmPlotBadly. In order to ensure that everyone has read the rules and mods can stop removing posts that break them, we are requiring additional approvals for new users before their posts will show up in the subreddit.
447	1	I never called her Maya Angelou that; just an over-rated (poor) author. *Jacobin* is Communist filth. My literature courses were quite useful. I'm not some ignorant redneck spouting opinions about which I know nothing. I sat through it. I also learned about medieval African trading states of Mali, Songhay and Ghana (they were conquered and corrupted, just like the Meso-American "empires") among other things. I consider myself well rounded. Now if you'll excuse me, I'm reading Churchill's "History of the English Speaking Peoples" and enjoying a fine *calvados*. Good day
484	2	I’ve done this, it seemed to work best if I split them up into small categorised bundles. Example “5 poetry books”, “6 books about feminism”, “7 mystery novels”. I had quite a few books to get rid of and they all went eventually. Another thing I did (in a big city) was to leave novels (2 or 3 at a time) on a ledge or wall near an apartment building or bus stop. They disappear very quickly.
418	1	😂😂😂 I am dying! I used to quote this movie all the time and no one would know what I was talking about lol!
147	1	Sure eventually destroying a multiverses. Is better than being several infinities stronger than destroying a 100 multiverses in a single attack. What are you smoking?Ye nice multiverses with no transcendence and just a bunch of planets not universes ;Lol, it just straight up doesn't.Proof? Scan?This is just blatantly wrong. (First of the three spoilers at the start go all possibilities literally everything else for showing they are not planet sized)
556	2	/r/BookDiscussion is a little quiet but does exist.
323	1	This is a children’s book and it’s self explanatory rules that you are looking for an exact match. “This” does in fact imply that it is that exact picture you must find in the bigger picture. There are multiple anteaters and you can’t just say any one of them counts because they are all anteaters. I’ve said in other comments as well that I’ve done tons of these books with my kids and that’s how it works. You may find something that looks incredibly similar but if you keep looking you find the exact picture. Every single time. My 5 year old was smart enough to notice it was not the same mongoose but I guess a bunch of Redditors weren’t.
37	1	First drafts are always bad, and sucky, don't describe the situations well and are shorter with the hard parts being somehow incomplete (unless you're a god of literature themselves). That's why I admire people who write their multi chapter works while posting it. I personally need to reread my fic several times, add the missing pieces and rewrite some of it before posting.Also, personally, I love writing scenes out of order! Sometimes an idea pops up in my head, but it would take x amount of words before I could implement it into my work, so instead I'll write it right away and then insert it into my wokr when the time comes. That way I write the complicated scenes when the inspiration hits, and other, lighter, easier scenes when it doesn't.
586	1	Happy Cake Day 🍰I'm reading a about Modernism and Google came up with this [this][link] from 7 years ago. Thanks kind stranger for the info.
438	1	THE HUNGER GAMES BEFORE THE MOVIE?
409	3	In Factfulness, Professor of International Health and global TED phenomenon Hans Rosling, together with his two long-time collaborators, Anna and Ola, offers a radical new explanation of why this happens. They reveal the ten instincts that distort our perspective—from our tendency to divide the world into two camps which are usually some version of us and them to the way people consume media to how we perceive progress.
52	3	An ordinary family man, geologist, and Mormon, Soren Johansson has always believed he’ll be reunited with his loved ones after death in an eternal hereafter. Then, he dies. Soren wakes to find himself cast by a God he has never heard of into a Hell whose dimensions he can barely grasp: a vast library he can only escape from by finding the book that contains the story of his life.
599	2	My great hope is that this obnoxious language shit will settle down as society becomes more open and stops terrorizing the queer community. I also think we’ll settle on more pleasant and natural expressions on over time. I’m very pleased with “they” as a gender neutral, way better than all the others.
687	3	If you are unclear about the removal reason you should ask in reply to the mod comment in your original post, or send a question to modmail.Here is the relevant section of rules regarding book lists, with the specific part bolded. No low quality book lists. To maintain quality, the list must encourage discussion. For linked lists the list itself must have descriptive paragraphs for each book. Users are also encouraged to submit their own unique lists as a self/text-post. **Original lists should have at least a paragraph explaining the reason for the list and include some further thoughts on at least a few of the books.** The poster must have actually read each book. Alternatively, there is /r/booklists.If you are still unclear about why your post was removed please reply here or use modmail.
879	3	This got touched on a little in [this recent discussion] [link], with some examples.
716	3	I'll list a some books in a few different categories that I think might fit what you're suggesting. None of these are very unique or obscure, as a lot of these are from advanced language arts classes I had in high school and college. They did give a good general base of knowledge and were all interesting reads at worst, and formative at best. That's also not to say I liked all of them - but I'll put my thoughts later. Some of these are in my personal library as well. **Nonfiction*** Philosophy/Politics   * *Apology* and *Phaedo* by Plato; both chronicle events towards the end of Socrates' life, and as far as philosophy can be funny, the *Apology* is    * *The Prince* by Machiavelli; I won't lie, I despise the principles in this book, but it explains (to me) a lot of why the world is the way that it is    * As far as Christian philosophy goes, I would recommend anything by C.S. Lewis (yes, the guy that wrote Narnia), especially *Mere Christianity* if you're looking into apologetics. I've also heard good things about *The Screwtape Letters* if you want something a bit more readable, though I haven't read that one personally. Dante's *Divine Comedy* is another option, if a bit tedious to get through. * Other   * *Into Thin Air* by Jon Krakauer; I cannot recommend this book enough. I've also read *Into the Wild* but I didn't find it quite as compelling as this one   * *In Cold Blood* by Truman Capote; a good read if you're at all interested in crime stories (side note: there is a fascinating conspiracy that Capote is actually the author of *To Kill a Mockingbird*)   * *On Writing* by Stephen King for some reason; not sure why this one stuck with me but it sure did    * *The Man Who Mistook His Wife for a Hat* by Oliver Sacks; saw it mentioned elsewhere in this thread too. Good book, humorous for what content it contains**Fiction*** Race relations/Black history   * *The Help* by Kathryn Stockett; fantastic movie and even better book   * *Beloved* by Toni Morrison; frankly any book by her is worth a read * Sociology?    * *Let the Great World Spin* by Colum McCann; probably up there with the best books I've ever read and probably #1 on this whole list   * *The Scarlet Letter* by Nathaniel Hawthorne   * *The Poisonwood Bible* by Barbara Kingsolver* Psychology    * *Room* by Emma Donoghue; gripping and chilling and in general an amazing read* Shakespeare   * I really liked *Othello* and *The Merchant of Venice*. *Hamlet* is a good read because you'll find similar plot structures in a lot of famous things (it gets contrasted with the Lion King a lot)So that's a brief list of reads that I found most memorable/helpful/worldview-refining.
243	1	No prob! [Benson’s quote](https://www.thedailybeast.com/buffy-the-vampire-slayer-cast-detail-joss-whedons-alleged-abusive-behavior-on-set) (which was misattributed to Carpenter) is from an interview from Evan Ross Katz’s new book.
131	2	I read them extensively for a wihle. Still read one sometimes.They can be useful for introducing you to certain concepts. These books basically take philosophy and psychology, and give them out in chunks that you can theoretically apply to your perosnal life.No self help book will change your life. But they can give you some insight on how to think about your life. There are problems in the genre. Some of the very well-known self-help books are trash. And many of them are full of advice that sounds reasonable, but can't really be applied. And most of them repeat themselves a lot and could have been much shorter.
562	1	Hey there, I'd recommend also asking this question in r/AskLiteraryStudies as Pop Culture is an established area of study within the discipline and has been so for some time now.
219	3	The Putin comment is weird. He's instituted jail sentences of 15 years and threatened to charge people with high treason, a crime we never charge people with *at all* here despite still having it on the books. That's not *less* severe than seizing funds donated to a protest war chest! Why would you even say something like that?That said, summary seizure in the civil-forfeiture spirit is definitely not the way to go; the correct approach would be to sue. Sadly, I doubt the city will have much to run with there -- they seem to have a pretty bad legal team, and most of the expense seems to be self-inflicted via a drawn-out response that involved a lot of police but no policing.
95	1	for some reason book places online cater exclusively to fiction readers, even truelit is like 99.999% fiction! If you're into reading history you're better off going on r/askhistorians and engaging with their discussion threads than you are going to book subreddits. Hell aaarrrbooks is actively hostile to non-fiction readers half the time LOL
808	3	**[Gilbert schema for Ulysses][link] This schema for the novel Ulysses was produced by its author, James Joyce, in November 1921 in order to help his friend, Valery Larbaud, prepare a public lecture on the novel, which Joyce was still writing at the time. The lecture took place on 7 December 1921 at the Maison des Amis des Livres bookshop and lending library, owned and run by Adrienne Monnier. The schema was shown to intimates of Joyce during the 1920s and was eventually published by Stuart Gilbert in 1930 in his book, James Joyce’s “Ulysses”: A Study. Gilbert’s typed copy of the schema is housed in the Harley K. Croessmann Collection of James Joyce at Southern Illinois University Carbondale.
82	3	It's a condition known in the medical literature as CRI, or Cranial Rectal Impaction. It can be treated by a procedure known as a *dictatorectomy*, perfected by French physicians in the late 1700's.
696	2	I meant she needs to do something like a bookclub and not rely on you for her social needs. She should not be attempting to make her happiness your responsibility.
306	1	Lol the r/TrueLit mods set the default sort on the most recent unpopular opinion thread to controversial, which is the only way to go!Otherwise, who cares if you get downvoted? It's all in good fun.
956	2	Requests can be made at /r/CHART_BOT
144	1	"Hey hun, I am sure you are being bombarded with requests and trying to filter out the creeps to find honest SDs who are actually interested in meeting a long term SB SD arrangement. I would love to grab a drink or a coffee to see if we match or connect. We can talk details but ideally I would like a FWB NSA girlfriend in [adjacent city] that we both are excited to see one another and have a blast. Nice dinners. Intimacy with smiles and giggles. And deep conversations about anything from talking about your future to chats about money. Give me a shot and let’s try to do something when I am in [adjacent city] on travel."
999	1	Ayy, 15f (almost 16, very excited for driving to be a thing.) and I also work. only twice a week though.
415	1	Happens at every customer service job, it’s definitely rude for them to lean over to look at you after that but like others said it might be to see if you seem mad. Has never bothered me tbh…, it’s usually fun and harmless to gossip a bit and it gets you through the day. I was a customer before working here too and as an anxious person I’m sort of appreciative bc now I know how to order correctly and what’s difficult, what’s not, etc. I cringe at myself thinking I’ve most likely been THAT customer before and probably will be again some other place. Customer service absolutely teaches you patience, how to disconnect or maintain certain emotions, and not to judge books by their covers, but most of us have to let off some stress or joke around to actually enjoy it. They should have been way more subtle/tactful about it and it will hopefully also teach em to be more careful lol, don’t let it get to you op can 99% guarantee you they were like “oh shit I said that over speaker!!!”
548	1	Joining r/52book helped me.  2020 was bad and even though I was unemployed I didn’t really read.  Then in 2021 joining 52 book and having a goal, seeing what other people were reading and suggesting lit a fire and I got to 52 last year.  Hope you join us.  One fave I recommend to everyone - Project Hail Mary.  It’s amaze!!
4	1	My recommendation to anyone in Florida is just never, ever buy one of these plans from a FL dealer since it will 100% of the time cost you about 100% more. And I have total disdain for Florida dealers who push their overpriced crap, often third party worthless warranties instead, on people, which is why I have such a strong opinion on it :).
704	1	I love the discussion post style bookclub. I'm new to Reddit and came from a discord/video call bookclub so this is totally different! You're not put on the spot, you can pick and choose what you respond to, word vomit a little without interrupting anyone. I certainly didn't appreciate it enough in school lol.
707	1	Oh my fucking god 😂😂
143	2	It would be a predictable upset. But you'd never know from looking at the bookies.
269	3	That's why /r/bookscirclejerk, /r/TrueLit, and /r/writingcirclejerk are the only tolerable literary subreddits.
926	1	Girl who do you think you are? If he choose to speak with somebody else about the movie it's nine of your business. He respected what you ask and not had a long conversation WITH YOU. He's a grown man and you really spoke yo him like he's a high school boy. Your definitely TA I can guarantee if he stop going to the movies with you all together you would swear it's an issue. You need to apologize that was so ignorant
479	1	Anyone that fucks over the douchebag Dex is good in my book.
284	3	I haven't read the book yet, but it's a really intense movie.
889	1	I'm gonna say for newreadersAvengers by BuisiekAvengers by BendisAvengers by Aaron
951	3	**[Zeugma (Commagene)][link] Zeugma (Greek: Ζεῦγμα) is an ancient Hellenistic era Greek and then Roman city of Commagene; located in modern Gaziantep Province, Turkey. It was named for the bridge of boats, or zeugma, that crossed the Euphrates river at that location. Zeugma Mosaic Museum contains mosaics from the site, and is one of the largest mosaic museums in the world.
294	1	Same man I'm always looking for the games, toys, movies, books, and random collectibles
950	3	Try asking in the weekly recommendation thread, in /r/suggestmeabook or in /r/whattoreadwhen. All the best.
13	1	what's titel? Does it work for non english books too? I usually look for italians manga or books
705	1	I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit
515	3	After a nuclear World War III has destroyed most of the globe, the few remaining survivors in southern Australia await the radioactive cloud that is heading their way and bringing certain death to everyone in its path. Among them is an American submarine captain struggling to resist the knowledge that his wife and children in the United States must be dead. Then a faint Morse code signal is picked up, transmitting from somewhere near Seattle, and Captain Towers must lead his submarine crew on a bleak tour of the ruined world in a desperate search for signs of life. On the Beach is a remarkably convincing portrait of how ordinary people might face the most unimaginable nightmare.
751	3	You should ask this on r/askliterarystudies, since it's been removed here.
356	3	You need to ask in more specialist subreddits, like /r/truelit /r/literature or /r/askphilosophy, as /r/books can't handle topics outside the mainstream
121	1	It seems to me that your dog "devours literature" lolokok ill see myself out :)
621	2	I've asked reddit how you guys keep track of books [here][link]Processed the input and built a tool - a better, cleaner way (compared to something like goodreads) to keep track of your books and make recommendations to your friends / followers.Read This Twice is not new, it's been around for a bit. It's a platform where we organize \~2000 leaders' book recommendations, and now you can create your own public profile, your own public/private reading lists with notes/comments/reviews.I'd love to get some feedback from people in here if this is something you'd potentially use. You can signup and try it out at [link].P. S. There's a few different layouts, sorting, etc. to organize your books, and here's my profile for reference: [link]Thank you!
909	3	r/booklists can be a choice.
895	3	Not something I've heard about or have got an impression of. The BBC does not only use RP speakers these days, but the newreaders they do use tend to eliminate anything that might be considered a regionalism but maintain their native phonemic realisation for the most part. It could well be possible that you heard a newsreader who wasn't even from the South of England, perhaps the Midlands, but didn't stand out as such due to the toned down nature of the regional accents the BBC allows. It's not uncommon for middle class speakers in the Midlands and even the North to sound little different from middle class southerners bar lacking some of the more pronounced features like the trap-bath split, extensive diphthong smoothing, and more extensive use of schwa. This is particularly true of the generation who grew up at a time when regional accents were frowned upon by the middle class to a greater degree.Historically, the geographic region where the trap-bath split is prevalent has already shrunk. It used to encompass much of the Midlands including Birmingham, but merged over time during the 20th century most likely due to the class association.
983	2	On the ontological nature of fiction, you may want to have a look at the answers to [this post from a few months back][link] - in particular u/spolia_opima 's reply, which is full of up-to-date goodies. And I second u/Dyingdyingdeath on Ryan - [her website][link] even has convenient pdfs and links.
472	3	I'll breakdown mine in a similar way.1. It's a lit review. It looks at many different studies and forms an overall conclusion. [link] here's the definition.2. You are more than welcome to look at the many sources from the second one and look through there. I don't understand what risks and records you want, it's a dog. Is there a difference in risk between a GSD and a Pit Breed?3. What studies? A temperament test is literally meant to find dogs' aggressive tendencies. Pit's bite force is actually pretty weak compared to other breeds. And what method would you use to even test it in something other than a controlled environment where you can test different stimuli?4. Because every single legitimate source of information that has studied the subject for many years has found that proper education and training are the best methods to prevent a bite. I.E. not just running up to a random dog, being able to recognize body language, socializing your dog and training it, etc.4. It's not meant to mention the breed it's pointing out WHO is most often to get bit and why. You understand that the subject has more to do than just the type of dog.By that same logic, give me a source that proves a Labrador isn't more dangerous than a Mini-Pinscher, or a Doberman to a Rottweiler.
477	1	Was this on r/books? Realizing the circle jerk nature of the place felt akin to being in an episode of the Twilight Zone. I unsubbed around last August and haven’t looked back. r/truelit is a bit slower, but a much better place for discussions IMO.
863	1	YTA. I had to go back and reread the ages because I thought for sure you were 17 given how silly the fight you started was. He was not talking to you he was talking to someone else on the phone. Stop acting like a child. The world does not revolve around you. If your boyfriend wants to talk about the movie with someone else he can. You just need to butt out of a conversation you were not involved or invited into. No one asked your opinion or involved you in any way so why exactly do you have a right to be mad here?
955	3	This is the first of three fascinating volumes in which Braudel, the renowned historian and celebrated author of The Mediterranean and the Mediterranean World, offers what is in effect an economic and social history of the world from the Middle Ages to the Industrial Revolution. Like everything he writes, it is new, stimulating and sparkles like champagne.Braudel's technique, it has been said, is that of a pointilliste. Myriads of separate details, sharp glimpses of reality experienced by real people, are seen miraculously to orchestrate themselves into broad rhythms that underlie and transcend the excitements and struggles of particular periods. Braudel sees the past as we see the present — only in a longer perspective and over a wider field.The perspective is that of the possible, of the actual material limitations to human life in any given time or place. It is the every¬day, the habitual — the obvious that is so obvious it has hitherto been neglected by historians — that Braudel claims for a new and vast and enriching province of history. Food and drink, dress and housing, demography and family structure, energy and technology, money and credit, and, above all, the growth of towns, that powerful agent of social and economic development, are described in all the richness and complexity of real life.[link]
295	2	I kind of get it. Obviously, the church (and most of its active members) would never sign off on the endowment ceremony being featured in this movie if they had any say in the matter so in that sense it is "disrespectful". On the other hand, if all religious organizations' "sacred beliefs" were always fully respected, all of humanity would be trapped in the darkest of dark ages. Some lack of respect is essential for even the Mormon church to function. How would else missionary work and baptisms for the dead be possible? Heck, lack of respect for religion made Mormonism possible in the first place.
729	3	Not sure about your book, but you might try skimming through the Weird West booklists on Goodreads: [link]
378	3	You may find what you want in r/TrueLit
641	2	I remember when he was on the Raiders, he had a bookclub or blog about his read list
753	2	I’m new to the 52book challenge and I’d love to make some friends. I like fantasy, sci-fi, and fiction. Currently finishing up Dune. I’d love some recommendations and discussions! [Goodreads][link]
58	2	I am interested in what happens with Benedict and Sophie in the book.
798	1	me when my wife asks me to join her bookclub
371	2	Also, much like Alan Moore Swamp Thing, Al Ewing Immortal Hulk is a great book.
271	3	The Maimed relates the story of a highly neurotic, socially inept bank clerk who is eventually impelled by his widowed landlady into servicing her sexual appetites. At the same time he must witness the steady physical and mental deterioration of his lifelong friend who is suffering from an unnamed disease. Part psychological farce, Ungar tells a dark, ironic tale of chaos overtaking one's meticulously ordered life.
974	3	Bakhtin is pretty much the founder of modern literary criticism so I came across him pretty early. I recommend you read a literary theory introduction (there are some pretty good ones by Terry Eagleton, which is my favourite, and Peter Barry) and check out their bibliographies. You could also lurk around /r/AskLiteraryStudies, they have threads about this all the time
169	3	My speculation (not fact):* Sony wants/wanted to use Holland in their Venomverse movies but due to whatever relationship they have with Disney, were not able to do so independently* Sony has not seriously considered bringing back Garfield. There may have been a suggestion thrown out in an email following NWHs success, but I sincerely doubt they ever intended the Venomverse to be the same universe as TASM from the start* Sony does not immediately intend to adapt any of the characters being used in Into the Spider-Verse until after those movies are completed. I wouldn't expect pre-production on a movie about any of them to start until 2024 at the earliest (meaning a possible 2026 release). I think this is especially true for Spider-Gwen who may be getting her own animated spin off.* I think Miles may be a point of contention between Disney and Sony and he won't be adapted until it is decided who will be the Spider-Man of the Venomverse.* I think a gulf is growing between what Sony wants to accomplish and the buy-in Disney is willing to have. I don't think Sony is going to abandon their plans so this leads to either a) Disney capitulating and Holland Spider-Man hopping back and forth between universes b) Sony casting (or a slim chance of bringing back Garfield) a new Spider-Man and having two sets of Spider-Man movies run in parallel or c) Sony recasts Spider-Man and ceases their relationship with Disney* I don't think Sony has decided the path forward yet. I don't think Morbius succeeding or failing will have an impact on the decision ultimately
239	1	Some use it like that but not really no. It’s meant to be cycled. Stew has like 3 or 4 phases if I remember correctly.
207	3	I would say you wouldn't be wrong IF you were well versed in the academic literature that this issue concerns and only IF you could explain why she has to an advantage despite the complete lack of research into being trans. A good paper on trans biology needs to at least state that there is not enough research to make too many conclusions. If it doesn't, then it's making assertions in a field that is very poorly documented and researched. You know, because of that whole no one cares about us or our well being thing
358	3	No clue why you're being downvoted. A friend of mine is a professional author and has met Sanderson, and while she mentions that he does have an exceptional work ethic, it's also widely known in the writing business that he has a huge team of beta readers and editors who provids the infrastructure for the pace of his work. I'm also writing my first novel, and if I could just spit out first drafts and have someone else polish them that would more than double my writing speed. But you have to build up to that level of success, no one starts there.
874	1	A big yes on this one! Quality, age appropriate historical fiction will do wonders in all these areas! Make sure they are interesting, not dry. There are booklists to help you on the web. Let him enjoy reading alone and together. You can include your kindergartener as well - older can read to the younger, vice versa as the younger gets older,  and you can read to both. Fun unit studies and comprehension activities can be built around them. You will look back at this precious family time with fondness and have built strong reading/writing skills in your children.
600	2	Their friends are the bookclub.
509	1	Imagine my surprise when (haven't completed the story yet, so most enemies don't go above 6) I was doing the bookclub quests and got to the part where you get ambushed. Had my bow out since I wasn't expecting it. Lvl 9 renegades, one boss one with a 2 hander. I have all inhibs with max stam and rest in HP. 2hits later I was dead. Yet he tanks 10 hits from my almost 450dmg electro sword. God bless chain electricity stuns though, cause fighting him in that tiny room was slightly difficult.
434	3	I've heard mixed answers to that question.  Apparently Joseph Smith was extremely anti-Christian because, well, they laughed the loudest at his nonsense.  In an attempt to be unique and separate from them I believe he taught they were not Christian.  As far as I could tell from living in Idaho for a few years, it depends who you ask.  But even those who insist on not considering their religion a sect of Christianity can't deny the fact that their book is an addition to the Bible.  Critics will say it's straight plagiarized and then tweaked over time to fit whatever the current prophet is saying.  That said, I honestly don't know exactly; but I have yet to meet anybody who names Mormonism specifically in a "major religious sects" list as we would Judaism, Islam, Christianity, Buddhism, Hinduism, Taoism, etc.
585	3	There are a few. /r/BookRecommendations or /r/booksuggestions are the basic ones, but /r/booklists could help you find a type of book and /r/bookclub (or /r/horrorbookclub or /r/Fantasy_Bookclub ) gives you a book with a built in discussion group and there's /r/bookexchange if you wanted to swap with someone and if you want to join a discussion you could pick one from /r/bookdiscussion
34	1	It helps me to just read junk. Sometimes instead of heady fiction or truelit stuff I just want to read some garbage! Page turners. Anything is better than nothing.
634	3	I agree, but I do have some thoughts on this plot hole (sorry in advance for the wall of text). I think that the Order's members magic (Tonks casting "Locomotor Trunk", etc) at the Dursley's House did actually register with the Trace and the Ministry did send additional owls telling Harry he had committed further crimes. However, by the time the Ministry would have sent these owl, Harry would have left Privet Drive well before they arrived. I mean, it did take some time for the ones the Ministry sent for the Patronus charm to show up at the Dursleys house (the owls only started arriving well after Harry had carried Dudley home with Mrs. Figg, and then got into a heated argument with the Uncle Vernon). Why then did Harry not receive these letters from the owls? Well shortly after he left the Dursleys, he arrived at Number 12 Grimmauld Place. While I'm not exactly sure how a secret keeper would affect how efficiently an owl can deliver a letter to the intended receiver, I don't think the letters would have gotten to Harry. After his trial while Harry is waiting for his fifth year letter to arrive listing what textbooks he would need for the upcoming year, the letter isn't delivered to him directly. It's Ron who brings it to him: [quote]The lateness of the letters arrival may simply be because Harry, Ron and Hermione were at a location with a secret keeper and they could not be delivered properly. Regardless, if the ministry had sent letters to Harry for magic the Order members did while collecting him from the Dursleys, I do not think these letters would have reached him. They would have not been delivered, or would have gone to Dumbledore (the secret keeper) or some other Order member living there at the time.So if the ministry did actually send letters to Harry about this magic, the next question would be why didn't the ministry bring it up at his trial? I'd suspect Dumbledore would have been able to clear it up easily. When Harry first cast the patronus charm, he was told in one of the letters he received from Mr. Weasley that Dumbledore was at the ministry talking to Fudge and dealing with the situation. Eventually Dumbledore was able to get his expulsion suspended until Harry went to his Hearing. So this shows that Dumbledore was actively involved in this case. So while Harry was waiting for his trial at Grimmauld place, I think Dumbledore could have easily presented evidence to the ministry via priori incantatem to show that Tonks or whoever had casted magic when collecting Harry, getting those charges dropped.I agree with OP this is a plot hole, but I think the Ministry did detect Tonks and others magic at the Dursley's house. They likely sent a letter to Harry with additional charges but he never received it (he was at Grimmauld Place) and Dumbledore cleared the situation up before it could be brought up at Harry's trial.
433	3	Have you considered trying one of the other book subs? I like r/TrueLit . It has nowhere near as many members as r/books, but I still find the discussions there more interesting. You could also try r/literature if you are looking for another option.
311	3	McGhee embarks on a deeply personal journey across the country from Maine to Mississippi to California, tallying what we lose when we buy into the zero-sum paradigm--the idea that progress for some of us must come at the expense of others. Along the way, she meets white people who confide in her about losing their homes, their dreams, and their shot at better jobs to the toxic mix of American racism and greed. This is the story of how public goods in this country--from parks and pools to functioning schools--have become private luxuries; of how unions collapsed, wages stagnated, and inequality increased; and of how this country, unique among the world's advanced economies, has thwarted universal healthcare.
701	3	You'll be better served at /r/askliterarystudies
475	1	wah wah pee pee poo poo i know what real literature is!!! i am so smart!!! i hope everyone sees how smart i sound when i make everyone look so stupid for writing their pitiful little novels!!! wah wah i shit my diaper extra hard writing this.
331	1	Well you see, u/hexagon33 though I understand your thinking…..as to why you no longer believe the entity that visited you was a demon disguising as the Archangel Michael…..but I wouldn’t let my guard down yet if I were you!You see, Angels typically work “behind the scenes”, meaning they do Gods work in a more “background approach”. They can disguise themselves as whoever they want….usually (according to numerous accounts I’ve read) they will look like a street walker, a homeless person…or just someone who you originally wouldn’t think of as an Angel …..unless you had a conversation with them.  It’s not back in Biblical times where men see burning bushes that speak the word of God.  We live in an age where chaos, pain, sickness, and depression are the norm.  So that homeless man or that Gothic teenager you see all alone looking like they need help….might just be an Angel in disguise.  You never know!  That’s why it’s always important to help those who need help if you can…..and learn not to judge a book just by it’s cover!
473	1	Lmao I felt it in the air this morning that I better log in to truelit
615	2	**Gil's All Fright Diner by A. Lee Martinez:** A funny, laidback supernatural/paranormal read placed in Tennessee, perfect for October.**Tales from the Gas Station, Vol. 1 by Jack Townsend:** A great combination of humor, paranormal and horror, this was greatly enjoyable. Mr Creepypasta was an excellent choice for narrating it.**We Are Never Meeting in Real Life. by Samantha Irby:** It was interesting, at times sad and at times funny, the narration by the author seemed long-winded, not my favourite.**This is Going to Hurt, Secret Diaries of a Junior Doctor by Adam Kay:** NHS cases recounted in wry, british humour (and why most healthcare systems have been collapsing the last few  years completely unprepared for a crisis)
7	4	In the dark forest at the end of the road, lies something buried. But, it is not what you think.
421	1	You should take over, read the books, do the YouTube and become the best god damn BBQ'er your house has ever seen
266	3	I enjoyed it as well, the first movie that got me back in the cinema since COVID started. Agree though that the end was pretty by the books. I thought the film might subvert it by having the killers not explain any of their motivation “let’s just kill her first”. That could have been funny. Still really liked it though.
56	3	A dramatically new understanding of human history, challenging our most fundamental assumptions about social evolution, from the development of agriculture and cities to the origins of the state, democracy, and inequality, and revealing new possibilities for human emancipation.
384	2	What did you think talent books were for
183	1	Darian has a terrible gas tank and has 0 chance of winning a decision (100% decision loss rate).My point is fuckin’ a stupid because neither fighter has had enough fights with high tier opponents for anyone to know, but I said it to show how fuckin’ brain dead bookies like you are fluffing up stupid shit to seem smart.Why even post here when everyone just tells you you’re wrong and to fuck off? 🤡😂
391	1	I think I misunderstood you lol. I'm a little high. I took this as you finding a book or something that talked about these kinds of relationship dynamics seriously. “It started out as two single people with an interest in this lifestyle. When we met we started learning about what our roles required.”We’re kinda new idk if we’re doing something wrong but it sometimes feels like it. Were both kinda submissive but she’s a switch
871	3	Please edit your post to hide those book spoilers. Thanks.
200	1	I have this book by these two guys who give shallower reviews about every episode than the thoughts I had while watching them, and they called The Outcast a failed gay allegory. My immediate reaction was just 😒
100	2	[link]It's so obvious you're not educated, it hurts.
59	3	They’ll be in r/truelit in no time.
494	1	I would appreciate a post in truelit about Ukrainian lit rn…
894	1	Married, no kids(childfree by choice), weirdo, child at heart, goofball to boot, lover of animals, sarcasm is something I'm fluent in, and gosh dang I love a good adventure
146	1	Are you colorblind? Or in a young adult fiction novel?
685	1	Let me know if you're interested and send me a message! Have a great day :)
396	3	Chosen by John Updike as a Today Show Book Club Pick. Already an award-winning writer, Packer now shares with us her debut, Drinking Coffee Elsewhere. Her impressive range and talent are abundantly evident: Packer dazzles with her command of language, surprising and delighting us with unexpected turns and indelible images, as she takes us into the lives of characters on the periphery, unsure of where they belong. We meet a Brownie troop of black girls who are confronted with a troop of white girls; a young man who goes with his father to the Million Man March and must decides where his allegiance lies; an international group of drifters in Japan, who are starving, unable to find work; a girl in a Baltimore ghetto who has dreams of the larger world she has seen only on the screens in the television store nearby, where the Lithuanian shopkeeper holds out hope for attaining his own American Dream.
893	1	100 percent agree. I see the same garbage from some people talking about NADPOD and I’m pretty sure I even saw it once in a conversation about her old podcast 8 bit bookclub. It’s gross.
316	3	With faith in the future melting like an overheated glacier even as contentment with the present evaporates, it’s high time for a sober reassessment of the past. Ten thousand years since turning from the ancient path our ancestors trod forever, it’s time for a scientifically-informed, multidisciplinary look at the effects of this fateful divergence. It’s time to ask what may be the most subversive question of all: Are modern humans, even the most fortunate among us, living significantly better lives than our pre-civilized ancestors? Taken as a whole, is civilization a net gain for individual human beings?
176	1	You are the biggest AH!  He is more than welcome to talk on the phone about anything he chooses. He was not speaking to you any longer about the movie. You were listening in on a conversation he was having with his friend.  Why do you sound like you are his mother and he is 12. You don't respect him, his ideas or his interests. I hope he leaves and finds someone who treats him with more respect!   I cannot express enough that YTA YTA YTA.
180	2	I understood how it works by the book, that doesn't mean I agree with it. There's a lot of procedural and ethical issues with how the military justice system works. Also, the civilian system allows someone the ability to have those things removed permanently and they are only collected after an arrest which only happens with probable cause whereas titling is essentially having to prove your innocence after the fact and it's never remover. It's unconstitutional horse shit.
834	1	There's dozens of us!Memento is such a uniquely amazing movie experience, I got a full adrenaline rush first time watching it. It's not a pefectly polished movie but it will never leave my top10 list.
766	1	r/whattoreadwhen is kinda slow, but could work as well
19	3	I love the philosophical/psychological perspective from Jordan Peterson as a non believer and how those stories resonate with his practice of psychology. I admire William Lane Craig as he is just a mighty wise man with perspectives such as the “Kalam cosmological argument” and the “moral argument” plus his teachings on the history of the evidence for “Jesus” the man who lived here on Earth. The Bible to me isn’t just a book full of wisdom, it’s a book of prophecy that has been proven from Isaiah as he spoke about the coming of Jesus but also the historical accounts of these books. Like Sodom and Gomorrah. Look that place up on YouTube, modern day Sodom and Gomorrah. It sends chills up your spine.
806	3	Check out r/heathenry wiki for Nordic booklists. Check out r/broomclosetwitch wiki for links to free PDF libraries and booklists.
68	1	The advice I received (which I post here often) is that your PhD may be a miserable experience. You may suffer greatly and graduate without any hope of a job, no matter what specific focus you end up with. That's the worst case scenario. Is it worth it to you? Do you love English literature so much that you would be willing to risk getting stuck in that position? My research was worth it to me, so I went. Up to you.
795	1	Join a club on meetup! Every time I have moved cities I have joined a bookclub and made new friends!
453	2	Finished Where You Come From by Saša Stanišić yesterday. I loved it. The things I've written about this book [outside link] still hold true. Granted I almost never read contemporary fiction but this is the best contemporary fiction I have read in years, maybe ever. I'm not entirely sure about the choose-your-own-adventure twist on the last 60 pages. To me, it didn't pack the same emotional punch as the previous 300 pages did. On the other hand it feels like a fitting ending to the novel, taking its playfulness, its mixing of memory and present, of fact and fiction, to the extreme.I very much recommend checking it out. So does *Travel Through Stories* in a recent [outside link] of the English translation by Damion Searls.
231	1	I like the angry embittered people who constantly continue posting on subs that they openly hate and get into mean uncharitable arguments with other posters constantly, and they delete their accounts, and always come back in instantly recognizable fashion under new usernames. Why do they stay around if they deem the place so damn toxic? I just don't get it. There's one on the truelit sub who just lives to interpret everything people post in the most offensive and put upon matter but she *won't leave* lmao. Goddamn, I can't imagine deleting an account, creating a new one, all to post on a place that I don't even like being a part of.
616	3	Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s):ELI5 is not for:Subjective or speculative replies - Only objective explanations are permitted here; your question is asking for speculation or subjective responses This would be better placed in a book subreddit like /r/AskLiteraryStudies or /r/BookDiscussion
53	1	Nah there wasn't.The boss health bar wasn't there either.Normally they would attack with the books and stuff.I actually beat her right afterwards, just re-loaded the game and everything was fine.
246	2	You're about to get dragged.[outside link][quote]
913	2	It was one of the only bookclub books I could get my hands on this month. And I was kind of middling going in, but I really ended up enjoying it.
709	2	Are all the parents going to work and add value to society, or will some just join a bookclub.
814	3	Morris's filter was, as Bossio says, his interpretation of trends. Because it was not a meta-analysis. So it's highly dependent on what Morris thinks and wants to use as sources.
23	3	Skills in the cognitive domain revolve around knowledge, comprehension, and [critical thinking][link] on a particular topic. Traditional education tends to emphasize the skills in this domain, particularly the lower-order objectives.There are six levels in the taxonomy, moving through the lowest order processes to the highest:Exhibit memory of learned materials by recalling facts, terms, basic concepts and answersKnowledge of specifics - terminology, specific factsKnowledge of ways and means of dealing with specifics - conventions, trends and sequences, classifications and categories, criteria, methodology
336	2	If amc hits $145, I'll buy their overpriced concessions popcorn and maybe even watch a movie.
570	1	There’s r/52book I spend most of my time over there lol I’m not aware of any prompts they have? Cause like the point/goal is to read a book a week. Some people pair 52 book challenge with an A-Z challenge or the PopSugar challenge. Never heard of it is a club. Usually just a challenge or that subreddit
811	2	There is a "standard urban" accent (think newreaders)  that both countries have that sound pretty much the same with some very subtle difference in vowels
481	3	[outside link] Lost in the Cedar Wood is the fifth studio album by British singer-songwriter Johnny Flynn, released on 14 May 2021 through Transgressive Records. The album is a collaboration between Flynn and British nature writer Robert Macfarlane.
113	3	Your arguments are weak. There’s barely a difference in data. It’s not severe at all, and we live among dogs, and they don’t. The percentage is negligible when context is considered. Again, you, of all issues in Turkey, leaning on this particular “issue” shows your position on the pyramid. You just want to bully the weak, just like how your leaders bullied you. There’s no one beneath you though, so now it's the dogs.
168	3	Gil is estranged from his aristocratic family, but when his mother enlists his help in freeing a cousin sold into slavery, Gil sets out to track her down. But it soon becomes apparent that more is at stake than the fate of one young woman. Grim sorceries are awakening in the land. Some speak in whispers of the return of the Aldrain, a race of widely feared, cruel yet beautiful demons. Now Gil and two old comrades are all that stand in the way of a prophecy whose fulfillment will drown an entire world in blood. But with heroes like these, the cure is likely to be worse than the disease.
762	1	There's a lot of subreddits for different genres! (though they have varying levels of activity). Here are a few: /r/fantasy /r/romancenovels /r/YAlit /r/DystopianBooks /r/HorrorLit /r/paranormalromance /r/urbanfantasy /r/GraphicNovelsThere's also some other subreddits that are geared towards discussing books (again, varying levels of activity):/r/BookDiscussion /r/CurrentlyReading /r/JustFinishedReading /r/TrueBooksFinally, there are subreddits devoted to specific series or authors, like /r/lotr or /r/KingKillerChronicle .(if none of those float your boat, check out a full list [here][link]
362	2	Really earning my TrueLit street cred this week by reading a big pseudo-academic history and analysis of The Simpsons called *Planet Simpson: How a cartoon masterpiece documented an era and defined a generation* by Chris Turner. Imagine if David Foster Wallace was obsessed with The Simpsons. More accessible than Wallace and less academic, of course, but clearly written by someone who enjoys that sort of writing. It’s sprawling and surprisingly intelligent.
697	1	I also told him that I think it would be a good idea for him to talk to a counselor or therapist at least once to get some advice on how to deal with someone who is so emotionally abusive and cruel. And besides, I just can't keep hearing about how awful she is every other day. It's too distressing and triggering for me.
730	3	Your post has been removed because while we know our members love books, this subreddit is for discussions about Kindles. We realize those discussions may end up including book talk, and there is a [sticked post to discuss this here][link].Alternatively, you may also be interested in r/books or r/bookdiscussion.---This is not an automated removal. If you feel this was removed in error, feel free to [message the moderators.][link]
543	2	Making jewelry, painting, listening to podcasts, audiobooks as well, adult coloring books, hiking, paddleboarding, board games, roadtrips, dinner parties, music( EDM to Indie to 80s rock)
25	3	A few months back someone in r/TrueLit made a lengthy post arguing that One Piece was heavily inspired by James Joyce's Ulysses, of all things. Now, I know next to nothing about Oda or One Piece, but most of those supposed parallels sound like generalizations. Yes, Luffy and Stephen Dedalus are afraid of water, but so are David Dunn, Jason Voorhees and the Wicked Witch of the West. Likewise, Paranoid characters and Danny plots aren't unique to Pynchon. I suppose it's possible that Oda has been influenced by these two writers, either directly or, more likely, through derivative works, but comparing them seems like a bit of a stretch. If anything, I would look at the adventure novel as a likely source of inspiration for all three of them. As Pynchon likes to note, the mind can make the unlikeliest connections seem plausible, especially if one likes both authors and thinks about them all the time.
289	3	Well, there is a strong genetic link to intelligence; assuming proper childhood nutrition, the current understanding is that \[50 - 80% of adult intelligence\]( [link] ) is determined by genetics, and only 20-50% by environment and education.  And intelligence is linked to criminality, with those with IQ around 80 or 90 being much more likely to commit impulse crimes.  In 2016, in response to general concerns about the [replicability of psychological research][link], behavioral geneticists [Robert Plomin][link].1. "All psychological traits show significant and substantial genetic influence."2. "No traits are 100% heritable."3. "Heritability is caused by many genes of small effect."4. "Phenotypic correlations between psychological traits show significant and substantial genetic mediation."5. "The heritability of intelligence increases throughout development."6. "Age-to-age stability is mainly due to genetics."7. "Most measures of the 'environment' show significant genetic influence."8. "Most associations between environmental measures and psychological traits are significantly mediated genetically."9. "Most environmental effects are not shared by children growing up in the same family."10. "Abnormal is normal.""
197	1	 In the porn industry and in erotic literature  it’s popular because it makes it easier , plot wise, for a couple to be together and have sex.No build up required , no reason etc. Pretty much the same for fantasy purposes , you come home from a hard days work and there’s someone hot, young and sexy waiting at home…. Who has managed,somehow , to get her head and shoulders stuck in a front loading clothes dryer  while only wearing her sheerest undies 😳
11	3	Most of the threads on the front page are recommendation threads, which are fine, and I reply to those when I have a good answer. Another good portion of the front page is for deals on books and the like. A very small minority of topics are reserved for actually discussing literature, or art in any capacity beyond the fannish, consumerist mode this sub encourages. Anything off the front page is dead, no one answers, no one cares.That leaves, for us, a very few threads where actual discussion happens. This space absolutely *is* monopolized by Sanderson and his fans, and that *is* annoying3. I have spent time attempting to foster better conversation, but it doesn't really matter, nothing sticks, it's just Sanderson all the way down. So I *now* mostly post on the truelit sub, and occasionally some here to see if it's back to how it was, and it never is because, oh look, another thread about how great Sanderson is.Go post on Cosmere, there you can just not have to deal with the likes of me, better for everyone.
988	1	unfortunately i'm reading  another book now but there is some subreddits such as /r/bookdiscussion and /r/books if you didn't find anyone to read your book with. discuss and write in Arabic so we can find other arab readers ;)
628	3	I'm sure you can find another subreddit to meet your needs if you don't like /r/books anymore. There are tons of book related subs and you could make your own [multireddit][link]  that gives you what you want.* /r/52book* /r/audiobooks[link]
233	3	People like your mother ignore whole categories because that rise to the top in those categories tend to be all the same. Those who dislike the promoted characteristics don't read the genre and the problem gets worse--the books more and more the same, leading to more readers fleeing the genre.Hadn't thought about it like this, but this is a great insight.  Speculative fiction produces that feeling you get when a puzzle is completed. It often includes other emotions.These are great example of emotions created by the books falling into those categories, but lots of books produce that sense of epiphany without being categorised as literary fiction, which is the problem. The point I'm trying to make is, when browsing literary fiction, all epiphany-inducing fantasy and sci-fi books get circumvented, adding to the first problem (the promoted characteristics you mentioned).
734	2	How much energy does it cost to ignore people? If you don't want to hear about the movie, then listen to something else, like music.And it IS unreasonable to expect him to not even talk about the movie/his interests with his friends (especially when you only asked him to not talk about it with you).
655	3	Thought in which sense? In terms of literature, he (along with Keats and some other English Romantic poets) certainly had a large impact, especially on the Transcendentalists. His influence on Hemingway is very clear. For the first half of his life, Coleridge was not only a firm abolitionist, but also openly advocated the idea of full equality of all races in all manners. This modern liberalism (in fact, Coleridge in the first half of his life can be classified as a radical in terms contemporary to his time) found in his lectures and poems definitely influenced American artists' thought in the late nineteenth century and it can be argued that this contributed to the increased demand for some form of racial equality among *fin de siècle* artistic circles in the US. It must be noted, however, that in the second half of his live, Coleridge grew increasingly conservative, began to justify racism and slavery, and even advocated a form of proto-social Darwinism based off of the Bible, something to which he had previously vehemently argued humans should not defer in the context of race. You will likely get a more comprehensive answer if you ask this question on r/askliterarystudies. I hope this helps! :D
242	2	Yup. For example 1984 and Handmaiden’s Tale are “literature” because the authors are respected, therefore they couldn’t possibly write Science-Fiction.
276	2	I'm reminded of the opening scene of Coming to America where the prince is disgusted with the hot, submissive princess that has been raised since childhood to be his perfect wife so he goes to America to seek an independent, American woman in... Queens.  It's a funny comedy even to this day but that particular narrative seemed amusing to me as the prince rejects his wealth and status to want to be a fast food worker at McDowells.   It's funny but we all know it's no true.  But such women above probably believe it.  When these women reach out and ask for advice, one would think they sincere are doing what men do: Asking for it "good and hard" for the criticism to improve and solve their problem.  Sort of like a "breakdown" and checking into rehab but instead, they really want "support" and enablement and hearing that the problem isn't themselves.  That's why I found it interesting that most self-help books for women were largely about telling them what they already believed anyway.  She's not 25 and asking this but rather 29 and one wonders if women "mature" faster than men, why does it take them so long to even bother to engage in basic self-examination that most men engage in by their early 20's?
77	3	Multiple states have laws on the books stating that hotdogs are sandwiches. Here’s an example:[links]
916	2	Posts asking users to list their favorite/the best book of a genre, style, etc that don't **include an answer and why in the body** will be assumed to be recommendation requests and removed. 'Should I read X book?' and 'What do I need to know before I read X' posts are not allowed unless you have made an effort to encourage discussion, otherwise you might be re-directed to the Weekly Recommendation Thread or [/r/suggestmeabook](https://www.reddit.com/r/suggestmeabook).
698	2	You probably haven't experienced discrimination based on anti-paganism or anti-atheism. Think it was the 90s or 00s that being non-conforming to religion actually became somewhat accepted without social or economic repercussion, in most places.
444	1	That’s fine. If we’re 5-2 that’s what I want. I guess if we’re 2-5 we can give the Bookies what they want.
594	1	I wish you luck on your reading journey!  My approach to the Horus Heresy has been piecemeal at best; I tend to just pick up whichever looks interesting, or whatever is included in the latest Humble Bundle.  I also have a notebook dedicated to keeping track of booklists like the one above!
67	2	This book is very divisive it seems. People either loved it or hated it. I'm a 37 year old male, and I went into it not knowing what it was about other than it was recommended a lot and that its a bit of a thriller. I was not expecting it to be a romance novel basically. That said, I did enjoy it, and I actually like the ending. I don't have any plans to read any of her other books though.
89	1	I find the Kings Speech miles better than the Social Network. That director can't make a movie without hamfisting the point down your throat.
393	4	No. We take to many short cuts and let to much slide buy.Irish water a sh1t show stank of corruption Children's hospital. Over priced and in the wrong place no parking.Fire trap apartments Banks cooking the books.Pyrite and mica in homes.Do you really want a nuclear power plant here?
154	3	r/truelit triggered by this article
673	1	That’s really no different than this little millionaire booklet I saw being talked about on Instagram 5-7 years ago. It had the millionaire mindset to get to a millionaire status and people were including it all over their booklists. It was $7 dollars so I bought one out of curiosity. Pretty much just a TLDR of one or two rich dad poor dad quotes mixed in with a you just need to sell a $20 product 50,000 times, or a $200 product 5,000 times, etc. So your dad had a joke but people do it all the time lol
417	1	Really anything by Terry Pratchett would fit the bill. Despite being in the same universe they are all stand alone books. Some of my faves are Small Gods, Going Postal, and Monstrous Regiment. Good Omens with Neil Gaimen.
299	3	Among the seminal texts of the 20th century, Nineteen Eighty-Four is a rare work that grows more haunting as its futuristic purgatory becomes more real. Published in 1949, the book offers political satirist George Orwell's nightmarish vision of a totalitarian, bureaucratic world and one poor stiff's attempt to find individuality. The brilliance of the novel is Orwell's prescience of modern life—the ubiquity of television, the distortion of the language—and his ability to construct such a thorough version of hell. Required reading for students since it was published, it ranks among the most terrifying novels ever written.
726	3	You should post it on /r/suggestmeabook or /r/whattoreadwhen. These subs are more suitable for recommendations.
199	3	Reading it has to wait since I have several books before it and their return dates are earlier but based on skimming the pages I am actually quite excited to finally get into it.Online dating annoyance. I get lots of contacts but most of them seem to fizzle out after few messages for reasons unknown to me. Of course I am not the best person to start a conversation out of blue, without knowing anything about a person and that probably plays a part.
510	3	[link] Anna Petrovna Kern name after second marriage: Markova-Vinogradskaya was a Russian socialite and memoirist, best known as the addressee of what is probably the best known love poem in the Russian language, written by Aleksandr Pushkin in 1825. Anna was born in Oryol at the mansion of her grandfather, the local governor. She was brought up in Lubny in the Poltava Governorate (present-day Ukraine). On 8 January 1817 she was married by her parents to the 56-year-old General Kern, whom she professed to detest thoroughly.
39	3	Erik Larson imbues the incredible events surrounding the 1893 Chicago World's Fair with such drama that readers may find themselves checking the book's categorization to be sure that 'The Devil in the White City' is not, in fact, a highly imaginative novel.
206	2	Gum, candy, pokemon cards, non-library books.
530	1	Read 52 books this year!  Try to read 1 non fiction a month and 1 classic a month.  r/52book
943	1	Unless they are somehow associated with one another,but that's crazy talk,nothing at all like that has,or ever will happen! They are from different states you say? I was gonna say maybe they were all in the same bookclub or knitting circle,but to have associations across state lines is nearly impossible! Jeez,You must be right then,congratulations. And always remember to "play ball". 😉
446	3	To be fair, that's a novel and interesting reason for disliking T'au.That said, it seems like it's only a problem for people who homebrew a subfaction which is bound to a small specific region, and then refuse to get creative in coming up for reasons why they could fight people from far-flung corners of the galaxy.
482	1	My kids don’t see color in ppl - I have always told them it’s like judging a book by it’s cover
525	1	My slump was 2020. The pandemic and losing my job because of it.  The isolation.  Should have been reading more but read way less.  /r/52book got me out of my slump.  Just having that goal with other people.  Honestly it’s my favorite sub of all.  Love seeing what everyone is reading and random recommendations.  With no expectations on goals, you don’t have to read 52 or start at any specific time.
768	3	The German sociologist Dominik Schrage wrote a genealogy of consumption called *Die Verfügbarkeit der Dinge* in 2009. While the book has not yet received an English translation, Schrage has at least published a [short summary][link]A classic that nobody has recommended so far - and that you are probably aware of anyway - but which I thought worth mentioning is Pierre Bourdieu's *Distinction*. An earlier classic well worth a read is Georg Simmel. Most of his *oeuvre* might prove a useful tool to make sense of the urbanization processes and accompanying lifestyle changes during the late 19th and early 20th century - and, given that Walter Benjamin had extensively read Simmel (cf. Marian Mičko, *Walter Benjamin und Georg Simmel*) it might be worth reading alongside Benjamin's *Arcades*. A good primer on Simmel's theories and their usefulness in literary studies is Julie Choi's [link]. (As I can imagine that you either already have read or will be reading Theodore Dreiser's *Sister Carrie*, you might also be interested in Ulfried Reichardt's "[Counting Success and Measuring Value: Money, Numbers, and Abstraction in Theodore Dreiser's 'Sister Carrie'][link]" in which he reads *Sister Carrie* through (and alongside) Georg Simmel's *Philosophy of Money*.)Two of Simmel's essays that immediately came to my mind are "The Metropolis and Mental Life" and "[Fashion][link]". In the former, Simmel explores the differences in social relations and individual psyche between rural and urban areas and - among other things - argues, that the city dweller has to become increasingly excentric as not to vanish in the anonymous crowds of the metropolis. In the latter - which might be especially useful whenever shopping practices revolve around clothing and/or the pursuit of changing trends - Simmel postulates that fashion is a form of imitation and so of social equalization, but, paradoxically, in changing incessantly, it differentiates one time from another and one social stratum from another. It unites those of a social class and segregates them from others. (Simmel 541)You might also want to cross-post to r/AskLiteraryStudies, if you haven't done so already.
635	3	John Perkins started and stopped writing Confessions of an Economic Hit Man four times over 20 years. He says he was threatened and bribed in an effort to kill the project, but after 9/11 he finally decided to go through with this expose of his former professional life. Perkins, a former chief economist at Boston strategic-consulting firm Chas. T. Main, says he was an "economic hit man" for 10 years, helping U.S. intelligence agencies and multinationals cajole and blackmail foreign leaders into serving U.S. foreign policy and awarding lucrative contracts to American business. "Economic hit men (EHMs) are highly paid professionals who cheat countries around the globe out of trillions of dollars," Perkins writes. Confessions of an Economic Hit Man is an extraordinary and gripping tale of intrigue and dark machinations. Think John Le Carré, except it's a true story.
267	3	Alek and Deryn are aboard the Leviathan when the ship is ordered to pick up an unusual passenger. This brilliant and maniacal inventor claims to have a weapon called Goliath that can end the war While on their top-secret mission, Alek finally discovers Deryn's deeply kept secret.
370	3	 Reminds me of this thread: [outside link]You should read *The Seven Basic Plots*. It lays out a theory that there are only seven basic narrative plots in all of storytelling - frameworks that are recycled again and again in fiction but populated by different settings, characters, and conflicts. Those seven types of story are:1. Overcoming The Monster2. Rags to Riches3. The Quest4. Voyage and Return5. Tragedy6. Comedy7. Rebirth  Keywords: Human skull, taphonomy, ritual, Anatolia, Pre-Pottery Neolithic, carving (A) Location of Göbekli Tepe in southeast Turkey (Upper Mesopotamia). (B) Overview of excavated areas, showing find locations of skull 1 (a), skull 2 (b), and skull 3 (c). Credit: Erhan Küçük, Göbekli Tepe Archive, German Archaeological Institute (DAI). (C) Impression of the monumental round-oval buildings with their characteristic T-shaped monolithic pillars. Credit: Nico Becker, Göbekli Tepe Archive, DAI.  The three modified skulls from Göbekli Tepe represent an entirely new category of find, which testifies to the interaction of the living with the dead at this important Early Neolithic ritual center. These skulls, most likely removed from the postcranium in the frame of secondary burial rites, attest to the special postmortem treatment of certain individuals at Göbekli Tepe. Special status of the individuals could have been emphasized through the application of decorative elements to the crania, which were then displayed (also suspended) at designated points around the site. At present, it is unknown whether these treatments were performed in the frame of ritual activities in the monumental buildings or were brought to the ritual center from settlement sites within its catchment.
915	1	Does anyone have recommendations for books with elderly main characters? I've seen a few booklists here with middle-aged characters, but I wonder if there are any with characters older than that, grandparents or retirees.
678	1	In the book I'm looking for, the boy and his parents are kind of the only vampires where they live besides the enemy vampires from what I can remember! I've looked through many of the vampire book lists on Goodreads and couldn't find it so I'm assuming it's not very well known which makes it so much harder to find.
837	3	The mod team of /r/books have discussed numerous times whether or not banning images (temporarily, periodically, or permanently) is a good idea, and time after time we come to the conclusion that since this is /r/books and not /r/bookdiscussion or /r/bookimages it makes no sense to block any post regarding books whatsoever, whether it be an image or discussion. This is a subreddit for general book related posts, a picture of a book has as much to do with books as a discussion question.
967	1	Depends on the season and what players I'm excited about at the moment but I enjoy hanging on r/tennis when they're not being toxic. 😶 I used to visit books but had the same issue as you. Now I'm subbed to r/52book which is less active but gives me some good ideas about what I may want to check out.
559	1	I fuckin swear ask literary studies is the newest argbuks.
842	2	Perhaps they could do fantastic beasts 1 through 3.  Or after the 4th movie comes out.
568	1	You probably want /r/askliterarystudies because ain't none of this stuff in the Bible
293	1	Agreed i'm wondering why people's perception is if it does not happen in their lifetime it's hopeless these nihilistic ideas are the core of corruption i think, "since nothings gonna work out within my lifetime might as well watch the world burn instead of working hard and die before i see the result" last time i checked a lot of people are not even aware what marxism (communism) means thus using the word loosely, and a lot of filipinos even those so called "educators" are ignorant in any related literature about democracy they say remove all opposition, like bruh you literally unknowingly begging for a totalitarian government
878	2	I enjoy looking at r/52book to see what people are reading.Somewhere in the sidebar menu or wiki of r/books there is a list of book subreddits.
109	1	Yes, absolutely! I myself have much to say as to how deep that runs. It's everywhere in Japanese culture of all kinds: literature, philosophy, anime, manga, video games. This is especially resonant today, and is something that deeply fascinates me.
148	1	Oh thank you! I will check her out. And agreed—I'm really excited for the next book in this series by O'Roarke, I think it comes out in June :)
99	1	Doesn’t it suck when life has actually just been pay to win the entire timeIt’s just awful. Sometimes I’m in the car and look out at all the houses and cars, and think, all of those people have dreams. All of those individual people have a whole ass novel of a story. If you just presented it well, they’d all be compelling and engaging stories. This kind of thing reminds me of that. There’s people trying so unimaginably hard, getting let down, their dreams crushed. Every single person deserves a fulfilling life and yet, it seems like the best way to get that is just to get lucky with a wealthy family.I feel for you. In a lot of ways I’m that rich nice person that doesn’t understand the privilege they have. I try to understand what privileges people do not have, but do I really know the full scope of my own privilege? Probably not, and maybe I never will. Plot armor, good luck and godspeed OP.
381	1	Yeah, besides his book, he's been giving me a bit of coaching through Facebook DMs
345	1	You can't post on r/bookscirclejerk if you don't post essays on r/truelit!You know I was a mod of that sub for a day or 3? Couldn't fucking stand it, because I hate books, so I resigned. They're right on the money.
134	1	*Has anyone else read her?*Oh yes. I found Grass and The Marianne Trilogy in the library in the early '90s (I think you're a decade out with that publication date!) and never looked back; I think I've managed to get hold of everything she ever wrote, including the crime and horror novels she wrote under pseudonyms. Haven't quite got round to reading her final one yet, mind - I always do find it hard to read someone's last book ever.I don't understand why the market is as it is or what makes one author a household name while another gets forgotten, so I can't really comment on that, but she was one of my favourite authors, and I'm glad to have the opportunity to say so.
544	1	Here's a sneak peek of /r/bookclub using the [top posts][link] of the year!
244	2	To get books into my TBR pile I have lots of ways, but to choose the specific book I'm reading next varies on my mood.
135	3	As far as contemporary women writers with a wonderful sense of place and use of time, I'm always going to recommend Daša Drndić. I've talked about her quite a bit on /r/TrueLit if you search around.
590	1	Another reason to ditch spiro for me is to reduce the amount of pills I’m popping for liver/kidney health, and to be able to afford an ADHD prescription on top of hrt.
158	2	That legitimately sounds like a Vonnegut novel.
459	2	As a fellow sepsis survivor...that "Septic Shock" book really caught my attention. Sepsis is scary af for both the med staff and the patient.
368	1	WOW we’re really all job searching rn. i am as well and it’s been going better than expected but still—i’m exhausted—i’m finding it v hard to escape into a book b/c of the uncertainty and pressure that permeates everythingi did finish vol. 1 of _in search of lost time_ last monday though and…wow. i felt saturated in the loveliest and most sensitive, searching, inquisitive, reflective prose. cannot think of a better first book for 2022! the combination of self-reflectiveness and perceptive social observation and sharp depiction of social class is really compelling. will sit down w/ my highlights and share some of my favourite bits in a future truelit thread, i think.since finishing that (i’m waiting until feb to start the next volume, esp since i have a jan 31 deadline for a freelance writing project) i’ve been reading a nonfiction book, jan gehl’s _cities for people_ (2010). gehl is a danish architect/urbanist who’s worked on a number of projects around public space, urban planning, research, etc in copenhagen, nyc, london, melbourne, &amp; elsewhere. a somewhat repetitive read but v good if you’re an anti-car pro-cyclist pro-pedestrian type, love old european cities, fan of jane jacobs. the way he integrates human factors knowledge into urban planning—e.g. things about how people perceive visual scenes, our range of vision looking above/below eye level, and how that impacts the location &amp; quantity of visual detail needed in a city to make walking around interesting—is v v cool and something i haven’t encountered before. i’m not at all formally educated in this space but i love reading about arch/urban/city topics. idgaf about cottagecore, when will citycore be a thing, all i want is to spend my life in a densely populated metropolis w/ reliable buses…!
838	3	Here’s a great booklist: https://socialjusticebooks.org/booklists/lgbtq/
884	3	I would check the 1859 letter (essay) on art.  It's written as if it were a letter convincing a Salon to search for a certain type of artist.  I would not wager my life on it, and i'm not going to go through the letter in French to find it for a person, because it's 100 pages and my French is intermediate.In general, Baudelaire took this from Kant.  Romantics he cites that I can remember are mostly Kant and Emerson.That said, this could be one of the earlier letters, I think 1854 or 1855 are the way the other two are remembered, because later in his life Baudelaire seemed less eager to call himself or people he admired romantics and started focusing on decadence more explicitly.Honestly, this one quote is basically restated in several different parts of his critical work.  You may be able to find a look-a-like quote that does say what you've said exactly but that focuses on the impression or senses rather than the object.That the word "modern" is used explicitly makes me also think that this comes from the 1859 letter.  You may have better luck in r/AskLiteraryStudies .
366	2	Putin confused the words "soul" and "life" for the same reason Trump said "Corinthians Two" (the book is Second Corinthians): neither are in any way a Christian (which means Christ like) and neither know the Bible as anything more than a prop.  And Putin doesn't understand a soul because he likely sold his a long time ago. He makes me hope for a hell even though I don't believe in one.  Oh and reports now in they attacked a retirement home with elderly folks killing 58 (doesn't break down residents versus staff).  This per NYT.
405	3	Its actually incredibly rareIn her 2019 treatise on [domestic violence][outside link] *See What You Made Me Do*, Australian journalist Jess Hill described the syndrome as a "dubious pathology with no diagnostic criteria", and stated that it is "riddled with misogyny and founded on a lie"; she also noted that a 2008 [literature review][outside link] revealed that "most diagnoses \[of Stockholm syndrome\] are made by the media, not by psychologists or psychiatrists."
946	2	I’m really curious how to read a strap on dildo- is that braille?Would also love if anyone has links to support the Dr.Seuss teacher and or the banned book bookclub.
425	3	It's a reference from the book 1984 by George Orwell, where the ministry of truth handles all literature and other written documents to fact check it, so it fits their agenda.
927	1	(Psst this IS the /52book sub!)
911	1	i can see how that would parcially fit, but not really... I'm looking for a subreddit where they deliberately rate books based on writing technique and plot, and while i imagine r/AskLiteraryStudies would rate that, i would guess people dont usually post there with that in mind... Just more of a on-demand thing
865	1	I’ve just started reading along M with r/bookclub this month - really enjoying it so far. Tend to read around 4-6 books a month, with check ins every week or so to discuss.
941	3	It is a cult: „those man made scripts are gods word even if there is no proof whatsoever and if you don’t join my bookclub and continue being who you are (how my god made you essentially?) my loving and merciful god will send you to hell where you will be tortured forever“ The world would be much better off if people would just worship nature instead, but well, this planet and humanity is the way it is unfortunately.
50	3	 I'd argue that the Storyline itself is irrelevant for many of us. Just having the world to experience is what I'm desperate for. As well, if there is any reasonable amount of in-game lore to read/view, like books, notes, letters in Skyrim that build lore stories and further grow character development is enough for many gamers. Just imagine being able to go to school at Howgarts, attend classes, level your skills, experience the seasons, secrets, games, pranks, portraits, etc of the school would be an experience in and of itself. A story, good or bad is the cherry on top of a bakery masterpiece.
343	2	For more gender and sexuality and Etiquette stuff online scarleteen.com is excellent but kind of Books and zines about ethics compassion or being a good person (I have not read all of these):[link] a terrible website layout. Push through it's great all ages stuff.
186	1	I bet there's a few good lists online from booklists for AP classes or college English courses that would get some more baseline stuff too. Those were definitely the best things for me broadening my own horizons (and if we're honest, they're pretty narrow right now anyway - I won't list my last few read books because compared to the other suggestions on this list, they're rather juvenile. Enjoyable though). I'd make the argument that the best thing you can do is read a bit of everything, from YA to advanced science to ancient classics. Whatever is interesting to you is a good idea :)
815	1	(Muzzy was after my time, I just sold it to kids with booklists for a summer)
784	3	Euphuism is a peculiar mannered style of English prose. It takes its name from a prose romance  by John Lyly. It consists of a preciously ornate and sophisticated style, employing a deliberate excess of literary devices such as antitheses, alliterations, repetitions and  rhetorical questions. Classical learning and remote knowledge of all kinds are displayed.
529	2	May have better luck in a recommendation based subreddit:
184	2	Read the novel
642	2	For strictly ELA, the kids like having sheets so I pull from Evan Moor (through teacher file box) and the Moffatt Girls (TPT). Then I just read from the books that interest us from the booklists of B+R and torchlight.
478	3	The Santa Fe Institute (SFI) is an independent, nonprofit theoretical research institute located in Santa Fe, New Mexico, United States and dedicated to the multidisciplinary study of the fundamental principles of complex adaptive systems, including physical, computational, biological, and social systems. The institute is ranked 24th among the world's "Top Science and Technology Think Tanks" and 24th among the world's "Best Transdisciplinary Research Think Tanks" according to the 2020 edition of the Global Go To Think Tank Index Reports, published annually by the University of Pennsylvania.
338	2	If you buy hosting on Wordpress, hosting should be about $100 for 2 or 3 years.
254	3	 Drawing on path breaking research in archaeology and anthropology, the authors show how history becomes a far more interesting place once we learn to throw off our conceptual shackles and perceive what's really there. If humans did not spend 95 percent of their evolutionary past in tiny bands of hunter-gatherers, what were they doing all that time? If agriculture, and cities, did not mean a plunge into hierarchy and domination, then what kinds of social and economic organization did they lead to2? The answers are often unexpected, and suggest that the course of human history may be less set in stone, and more full of playful, hopeful possibilities, than we tend to assume.The Dawn of Everything fundamentally transforms our understanding of the human past and offers a path toward imagining new forms of freedom, new ways of organizing society. This is a monumental book of formidable intellectual range, animated by curiosity, moral vision, and a faith in the power of direct action.
817	2	Maybe [Book Discussion][link]
285	3	The author shows that arguments about debt and debt forgiveness have been at the center of political debates from Italy to China, as well as sparking innumerable insurrections. He also brilliantly demonstrates that the language of the ancient works of law and religion derive in large part from ancient debates about debt, and shape even our most basic ideas of right and wrong. We are still fighting these battles today without knowing it.
677	2	As a kid I was constantly reading. I zapped right through 500 page Harry Potter books. As a teen I hardly read any books. I also didn't read a lot of the litterature I had to read for school. I just memorized a summary I found online. Yes, I know, I'm trash, but I honestly got better grades when I didn't read the book, because in tests and book reports I focussed less on unimportant details. As an adult I really wanted to read more, because I do like it, but I often started books, but didn't finish them, because I lost interest. What helped me read more as an adult was start a bookclub so I had to read at least one book a month. Also, weirdly Goodreads helped me read more, because you can update your progress and see an overview of the books you've read in a year. That just gives a little serotonine boost whenever I update my progress or finish a book. Last year I read 34 books.
777	3	To summon this bot, the first line of your comment should be: /u/user_history_bot USERNAME
829	1	This is the 52book most similar to my own! We read 12 of the same books in 2021 :)
550	2	That's the beauty of the bookclub, they join, he tells them what it says and why that makes liberals bad, and then they can claim to have read it without having to read. It's the perfect system.
875	1	Congrats on the new Job! Also finding your content and hearing about bookclub and everyone posting memes really brought out a lot of good laughs I had even though it was just through the internet lol, Hopefully more content comes soon. &lt;3
824	1	Wonderful work on this! I've been looking forward to listening to this album for a while, and I really enjoyed doing so alongside your piece!1. I think relatively joyful? It has a lightness to it even though it deals with some heavier topics.2. I haven't listened to her previous work, sorry! I never knew she wrote *Crying in H-Mart* though lol.3. I do think it works cohesively, really quite well actually. Yes it explores but there's a tether that makes the songs feel connected as well. I really liked the sound on Posing for Cars-- that sort of dream-rock vibe really fits her I think.4. I think that her book must have helped, because even though I've yet to read it, it's showed up on so many booklists lately. Other than that I honestly have no idea how some artists achieve the levels of popularity they do.5. I loved Posing in Bondage and Posing for Cars. Those were both really beautiful!
982	2	Thank you so much; that video answered my question perfectly.I'm going to be running a book club for Great Expectations in r/bookclub in April, and I'll be sure to include a link to that video in the marginalia thread.
179	3	There are sometimes good discussion, but do bring up Houellebecq and you'll get several enraged people calling you out for promoting a misogynist or something or asking you why you're instead not reading a woman writer
749	3	I will be messaging you in 14 days.
226	3	Christian ethics generally lag behind the current societal norms by a few years to decades, but they come around eventually.  You mention homosexuality, but many Christians now condone gay marriage where none did before, and that number is growing. even the Pope condones it now I think. In fact I would argue every change in Christian ethics has been predicated by a change in societal norms.  You don’t ever see \*new\* Christian beliefs that are different from the prevailing cultural sentiment. Language and the Law do change over time.  The difference is that they are human inventions and not purported to be the Word Of God. The Law is meant to serve the greater societal good, and so as society adapts and changes, so does it. Language and literature are also viewed through the lens of society. They exist to communicate ideas, and so naturally change and evolve as our society does. Neither of these have the same problems of absolution that the Bible does. In fact I think that it's telling that you are saying the Word of God follows the same patterns as other things that are human inventions. If that's true it suggests that the Word of God is itself a human invention - or at the very least, is no better a compass than something that is created by humans.  Which is not very helpful at all.
928	1	Hi there. Per [rule 3.3](https://www.reddit.com/r/Books/wiki/rules), please post book recommendation requests in /r/SuggestMeABook or in our Weekly Recommendation Thread. Thank you!
0	3	Here's the suggested reading orders directly from Terry's website. [link]
633	3	For teen girls, there's r/feemagers which may be exactly what you're looking for.As far as books go:* r/bookdiscussion* r/suggestmeabook* r/truebooks* r/currentlyreading
357	2	[outside link]I am the one person who wrote this review, in what feels like a lifetime ago. I hope you find this useful. If you have any questions or want to discuss more, I would be happy to correspond with you.
257	2	Just another evening at the literature club
223	3	Transgender refers to identity. If you identify as anything other than your assigned sex at birth, you are transgender. Transsexuals feel that their body and identity doesn’t match. They usually have dysphoria and change their characteristics with hormones and surgeries.Transsexuals on hrt acquire female sex characteristics like breasts and soft skin, but they remain genetically and chromosomally male.Woman doesn’t refer to anything physical so if you identify as a woman, you are a woman. Woman and female are not the same thing. There are women born with a vagina who have male XY chromosomes. They are chromosomally male. Transsexuals on hrt have male and female sex characteristics but remain genetically male.
493	1	Absolutely! I have the same issues. I miss the friends I had when I was 13-15. We all read the same books, we all read fanfiction and those were my special interests! I participated in their interests too, and it was great. I'm very fortunate that I still have that main friend I had from middle school, we cut contact for years, as we were both dealing with stuff. They contacted me 3 years ago again, and I love her and her partner! They are my two closest (and only) friends. Reach out to that old guy friend, tell him about what happened and why you cut contact, and that you would love to be friends again. If he's a good guy, he'll give you a chance to talk it out. As for making new friends, I have no idea, dude. I'm just as lost as you are. Can I suggest trying to find an autism support group and meeting friends there? Or maybe find a group for your special interest and try that? I hope everything goes well for you at Uni!
537	2	I naturally gravitate toward female protagonist type stories but am actively looking to expand into other genres and am finding they are equally if not more engaging. I might even try to pare down my amount of nonfiction reading if I can find enough enthralling nonfiction. I’ve been combing through npr booklists and it seems to help with this.
410	1	Don't buy into that, you have personal experience. I know it's confusing, and their title carries weight. But the truth is they really are just guessing. It's always a shot in the dark. I've yet to have good results. Once it it's "good" my body starts to fuck up. Be real. Sometimes it's needed, sometimes they convince you it is and all of a sudden...you're worse than before. At least in my experience. Learn about yourself. There's LOTS of available literature on disease treatment etc. They're running off. Like, you have a solid chance of knowing better than them if you just read what's available and match it with your own experience. Learn to be honest with yourself first of course, but if you're just reading off WebMD well yeah you're gonna start to fill every box they set. That's how people are
695	1	Sidebar....
69	3	You’ve mischaracterized the discourse on this issue. While intentions matter, they don’t define what makes something anti-Semitic, and people who have looked into this quite a bit deeper than your characterization have explained that anti-Semitic associations with goblins predate her work by quite a bit and she may very well have been oblivious to what she had absorbed from her own culture. The question is not whether *she* is anti-Semitic but whether those characters are, and her intentions are irrelevant. Otherwise, we’d have to judge all literature by the author’s knowledge and intentions frozen in time, and you could just as easily dismiss newer criticism of *To Kill a Mockingbird* based on the author’s intent.
972	3	Lots of combinations are possible. Usually a solid unlimited server on one backbone and a block on another backbone is good enough. Or 2 unlimited servers on different backbones. Speed should always be as fast as the server allows for (unlike torrents) however that fluctuates sometimes depending on your server and what you are downloading (age usually). You will need a good indexer as well but there are many that are free for limited downloads per day. Maybe try out the free ones and then decide which one you like best/want to pay for.
906	1	as someone who works at a place like this: dont leave it to the last week before school goes back. booklists are sent out november/early december. unless you are new to the state or changing school with little notice, be prepared. if you order early, we will have stock, we will have it sent out on time (or if you shop in store there will not be long waits), and you will be happy. and ESPECIALLY do not be one of those people that orders late, doesnt get their stuff in time for start of term and decides to call customer service to abuse the poor high school aged kids old on the phones working hard their summer holiday.
6	3	The perpetrator was 22-year-old David Cousins. Wearing a mask and carrying a sawed-off shotgun, he entered Quincy's Town and Country. Cousins pointed the shotgun at Bagby's head and led him throughout the bank to find the vault. He ordered bank vice president Louis McClelland out of the vault. As McClelland walked forward, Cousins, in what is disputed as accidental (some officers thought he stumbled) or intentional, shot Bagby in the back of the head, killing him. Cousins then picked up the rounds, reloaded his shotgun, and pointed it at McClelland head. They walked throughout the bank until they found $300,000. In a standoff which lasted nearly seven hours, Cousins held McClelland and seven others hostage.[quote] said Geneva Bagby, Jesse's mother, after her release. [quote][quote][link]Before he was sentenced, Cousins apologized, sayiny [quote]In 1994, Cousins's appeal was dismissed. Now 51, he is serving his sentence at the Federal Correctional Institution in Sandstone, Minnesota, and is scheduled for release on January 20, 2027.
660	1	While I don't want to slight this subreddit, I think you've got a lot more chance of getting a comprehensive answer to this on a sub like r/AskLiteraryStudies, r/classics, or perhaps r/AskHistorians.
666	1	I started listening to downtown for the Christmas music and it's ended up just being on in my car, and it's fucking cat. None of the presenters have any personality to speak of, there's even a show where they have two guys on and between them they don't have a personality. There's a woman with a monotone who sounds like she's either brainwashed or reading off a page.So not that.U105 is a bit better but if you're really listening to it it's awful. They play the same songs far too often and you'll never want to hear Oops Upside Your Head ever again. They have three newreaders who eternally sound like it's their first day on the job and they are sitting dying after being up all night taking coke. Carolyn Stewart's show is pretty good, Frank Mitchell's can be depending on what he's talking about but that's more down to the people who ring in.
55	2	I'm reading you right- that you have been literally screamed at multiple times in a group graduate school settingOutside this setting too, but yeah issues such as societal sexism are not in fact making the statements about white men that you feel targeted by.In principle I know this to be true, but I've had too many people tell me, unprompted that "I'm part of the problem" and "yes all men" to think that that's what those movements are about in practice. I'm not really a part of "society" and so I don't really have input one way or the other about discussions of sexism writ large. The default response is to snarl a lie at me when I try to enter a discussion and so I don't participate. This still gets me yelled at, of course, but it's less intense.I believe much therapy focuses too much on doing this at the wrong time and discussing it with the patient before they're ready, that sounds like the problem you're encountering, It's not an issue with me being "ready". People come up to me and demand to have conversations about identity politics. I agree with what they say verbatim, and then they, seemingly angry about not having a villain to beat up, yell at me louder. On therapy: the therapeutic solutions to my issues were to teach me how to stand up for myself, have boundaries, etc... which I was able to learn rapidly from self-help books. Therapists were literally silent on me when I brought up my trauma, with the only exception being a white-male southerner who was a conservative christian and understood this trend. He helped me greatly, but at that time I had already fixed most of my problems myself. He was the only one to respond to me when I talked to him. In other words, the medical system writ-large ignored the obvious for over half a decade with the only reasonable explanation being that it was because of my skin-color/gender and a bias against that.
700	2	Is there a box immediately above your post here saying “Check out r/AskLiteraryStudies”?
380	2	They love mocking others for not loving "real" books but there's also no indication that they actually love these "real" books. You are on r/TrueLit so I assume you are proficient in reading.
350	1	ngl it's hilarious how communities need to migrate from sub to sub to flee the unwashed low-brow hordes
631	2	Right now I’m just being downvoted despite this being r/AskLiteraryStudies and not r/AskEnglishLiterature. I should’ve expected that. Even though I realize now that I forgot to say what it was actually from, though to be fair, anyone who would know the answer would also know where it was from and probably not downvote me.
62	1	What the hell is this sub? I had never heard of it and I clicked on [outside link] holy hell I couldn’t even parody this guy
215	2	Funnily enough my brother is a distinguished linguist and PhD in philosophy and French literature. He had always been fascinated by the art of self expression and always carefully chose the appropriate word in a conversation. I have seen him study and study and study more. I think the secret is work teamed up with confidence. It’s the confidence I am lacking.
534	1	Welcome to r/bookclub. Glaf to have you on board for Wuthering Heights :)
182	1	r/truelit > r/bcj!
487	3	The short answer is that there is just far too much uncertainty to be able to do predictive modeling of novel outbreaks or variants well. As you point out in your intro, these diseases are highly mutagenic, and they are able to mutate in both humans and animals. By the time you have enough data to model the current circumstances, the disease has mutated or is about to mutate again. Modeling of current disease characteristics or near-term predictions has gotten much better in recent years, however predicting new variants is almost as hard as predicting novel outbreaks. Additionally, it takes time to translate the model results into real world policy (vaccine development and clinical study takes time, information saturation into the public takes time, adoption of public health measures takes time to be written and implemented, etc). Lastly, human behavior is often unpredictable and not always rational, making it hard to model. Politicization of public health interventions, the spread of conspiracy theories, the growth of anti-vax sentiment, etc, all complicate any agent-based models that account for human behavior.
653	3	[link]Paulo Coelho's enchanting novel has inspired a devoted following around the world. This story, dazzling in its powerful simplicity and soul-stirring wisdom, is about an Andalusian shepherd boy named Santiago, who travels from his homeland in Spain to the Egyptian desert in search of a treasure buried near the Pyramids.
742	3	Try /r/TrueBooks or /r/CurrentlyReading other /r/bookdiscussion subs seem to be inactive.
360	1	Interpret it in such a way that it could never apply in real life. It's honestly super funnyI really don't understand this lol. this commandment is supposed to be directly from Yahweh himself, the perfect creator of the universe, no? so the Jewish scholars took initiative and "interpreted" the commandment into oblivion? isn't this the same as accepting that Torah has no divine origin, and came from the limited moral opinions of the people who wrote it? because otherwise "interpreting God's word so that it cannot be applied" would be a horrific sin?it seems that even the Jewish scholars agree that Torah should be studied strictly as a compliation of literature, and not as commands from the God Yahweh? Judaism sounds like a book club rather than a religion lol I'm really confused :D(apologies if this sounds mocking, I'm just failing to understand)
876	2	I forgot to mention the local group responsible that i referred to has national funding from conservative groups and is of course also fighting CRT and LGBQI and anti-mask anti-vax issues in every form. They are so coordinated they actually have a volunteer program for "how to get books removed from libraires" where they have PowerPoints, booklists, and local chapter meetings. The trainings include enlisting children to check out every book on the list from libraries and then just not returning them (or just stealing them, as long as you're righteous in doing so), how to personally harrass board members and librarians, demand librarians be fired, instructs them to go to board meetings and read out of context paragraphs from books to illicit outrage, tells them they should avoid reading the books themselves because they are too disturbing ("trust us, we've read them all") coaches them on verbiage like to make sure to not say the word "banned" but use other synonyms in its place, to use words like "pornography" in order to quote public pornography laws, as if that is applicable, and my personal favorite- call the police. They literally put out a press release instructing their 20k followers to locate these books in libraries, and call police and file police reports for pornography and public indecency.
139	1	Goodness. Some not very helpful responses so far.HLM and father here. Firstly, congrats on maintaining (increasing?) your libido post-baby. I suspect you may be in the minority.Secondly, some guys are freaked out about the whole giving birth thingy. To me, there is NOTHING “beautiful” about childbirth. To see the person you love go through something so painful and fraught can be traumatizing, but I don’t want to make this about the M.Almost overnight, your whole life outlook is completely upended. All the books, forums, chats, pre-natal classes, etc. in the world in no way prepare you for when the little bundle is in your arms and it suddenly dawns on you. For me it was a mixture of “oh shit”, and unfathomable love.Furthermore, those breasts of yours - wait … what? Ohhhhh, so THAT’s what they’re really for.To say nothing of your vajijay. “You mean to tell me THIS (holds up 10lb baby) came out of THAT?”I sometimes think SO’s go through a form of grieving after childbirth. Give him time.Enjoy your new addition and congrats!
708	1	I legit think you/your husband would be surprised how many "literary" readers also read similar level books - everyone I know that reads a lot (and in the more "highbrow" reas like classics or whatever) also read percy jackson, artemis fowl etc.
451	2	[quote]Gary fucking GygaxIt is the spirit of the game, not the letter of the rules which is important. Never hold to the letter written, nor allow some barracks room lawyer to force quotations from the rule books upon you, if it goes against the obvious intent of the game.Guess who.
75	3	This isn’t a theoretical difference; it’s the conditions of identifying as a “conservative.”
145	2	I think they try to keep them off the internet because you can buy them as [a book](https://www.amazon.com/dp/059315827X/ref=cm_sw_r_apan_glt_i_XX8E3XVGX934EWMFDDWN). It looks pretty nice and isn't that expensive.
419	1	Number three is my quilt. It has Angelina fibers as part of the sunset and clouds, it is entitled “desert camouflage” – can you find the javelina, hawk, lizard, road Runner, or quail?The technique is from Karen Eckmeier and her book called Accidental Landscapes. Check her out on YouTube!
699	1	go ahead she needs more friends for her bookclub i think
706	3	Check out the r/broomclosetwitch wiki, they have links to occult PDF libraries might be helpful. Also try r/heathery, they've posted a few links to booklists if I remember correctly.
124	3	The best post on truefilm or truelit is always what you watched or read this month. You can skim it for recommendations or have happy discussions on favorites.
15	1	Taylor did not write Speak Now by herself, apart from If This Was a Movie which she DID.
883	2	Join us over at r/52book!
474	2	I'd say if there's a prison rape elimination act on the books it answers opa question
630	1	More so me than my friends, and I feel bad about it sometimes. But when the weekend *finally* rolls around, I'm tired and I want to spend time with my family. I'd rather have friends over to play board games in person or watch a movie. If I game these days, it's solo. Multiplayer games just come with too much required effort and game-knowledge unless you want to be a detriment to your friends. I still have my PC and consoles. I still get excited about upcoming releases (though rarely actually play them anymore), but when it comes down to staying up late on a Friday/Saturday to play games together until the wee hours...it's just not super appealing to me anymore. And that kinda sucks, because I have some friendships that exist entirely online, primarily around gaming together, and I don't want those to be lost.
412	3	I posted the initial announcement on TrueLit. Might do a reminder post on the weekly reading thread next week as we get started.
97	3	Nearing the end of *Dune*, which I picked up after falling in love with the recent adaptation. Probably not exactly TrueLit worthy, but I'm certainly enjoying it nonetheless. Something that's really taken me by surprise in the novel is Herbet's commentaries on gender. While there's a consistent undertone of 60s branded misogyny, I also think that a lot of Herbert's ideas are surprisingly modern--specifically in regards to the Kwisatz Hederach. Minor spoilers for Dune ahead. What I find really interesting, however, is that the movie didn't seem to run with any of these ideas at all.  The specific exclusion of any mentat stuff in the first part makes me think that they're actually going to avoid it all together, which seems odd given how relevant gender discussions are for a lot of people nowadays. Maybe I'm wrong and the second part will dip into that. Maybe I'm wrong because the book completely goes against everything I've said in the last 100 pages or in the sequels. I can't help but think that the film's executives scrapped these themes in fear of backlash against perceived wokeness or whatever, but that probably just means that I need to take a long break from the internet.
973	1	downvote this comment if the meme sucks. upvote it and I'll go away.
394	2	I’m pre-med and got into UCLA for cellular and molecular biology, but I also want to minor in something like literature, classics, or mathematics. Is that realistic at this school? I know some schools accommodate putting two drastically different subjects together like this and some do not, so I wanted to ask. Also, I got accepted into UCSD for the same major, and while I like pretty much everything about UCLA as far as location and culture much more, I hear there are more research opportunities and internships for my major at ucsd and the program itself is ranked higher. Do you have any advice for choosing one over the other? Also would it be a good idea to bring my car (to UCLA, that is)? I live close enough that driving home for a weekend here and there would be realistic but I’m not sure if it’s worth it because I’m not super super close.
497	3	[outside link] Our Band Could Be Your Life: Scenes from the American Indie Underground, 1981–1991 is a book by Michael Azerrad. It chronicles the careers of several underground rock bands who, while finding little or no mainstream success, were hugely influential in establishing American alternative and indie rock, mostly through nearly constant touring and records released on small, regional independent record labels. Azerrad conducted many interviews with band members, and also conducted extensive research of old fanzines, as well as more mainstream newspapers and books.
127	2	Your second tab in card catalog is called books. When you complete a set there you get permanent stats. You should expand your card catalog and use them all if you pve a lot.
142	3	Drawing on path breaking research in archaeology and anthropology, the authors show how history becomes a far more interesting place once we learn to throw off our conceptual shackles and perceive what's really there. If humans did not spend 95 percent of their evolutionary past in tiny bands of hunter-gatherers, what were they doing all that time? If agriculture, and cities, did not mean a plunge into hierarchy and domination, then what kinds of social and economic organization did they lead to2? The answers are often unexpected, and suggest that the course of human history may be less set in stone, and more full of playful, hopeful possibilities, than we tend to assume.
151	4	kindoms will rise for her, but not if she can help  it
869	3	No, but you need to offer more than just a book list to get the discussion going. No low quality book lists. To maintain quality, the list must encourage discussion. For linked lists the list itself must have descriptive paragraphs for each book. Users are also encouraged to submit their own unique lists as a self/text-post. Original lists should have at least a paragraph explaining the reason for the list and include some further thoughts on at least a few of the books. The poster must have actually read each book. Alternatively, there is /r/booklists.If you are just curious about others' answers the question has been asked in the past and you can find those threads by using the search.
209	1	I'm pretty sure that's how every encounter in the movie went
613	1	Flaired scholars, panelists, and directed discussions could very much be hosted here and I think would be beneficial.they could... or they could be hosted on /r/AskLiteraryStudies, as they have been for many years.
307	3	The nine stories and one poem collected in this volume formed the basis for the astonishingly original film “Short Cuts” directed by Robert Altman. Collected altogether in this volume, these stories form a searing and indelible portrait of American innocence and loss. With deadpan humor and enormous tenderness, this is the work of “one of the true contemporary masters” (The New York Review of Books).
454	1	Lol the r/TrueLit mods set the default sort on the most recent unpopular opinion thread to controversial, which is the only way to go!That's the way to go! LOLOtherwise, who cares if you get downvoted? It's all in good fun.Very true. :)
61	2	The first step, as others have mentioned, is you have to read the Bible itself. The reason for this is that Revelation's imagery is steeped in biblical literature at a very deep level. Reading Revelation without reading the Bible would be like trying to appreciate a modern composition that is comprised of variations on classical compositions, without ever having heard those compositions. The inside jokes, the veiled allusions, the word-play... you will miss all of that subtlety and nuance because you skipped the back story and just jumped into the story in the middle. Revelation is certainly a vivid and attention-grabbing book. It's pretty much impossible to read that book and not get a sense of its gravity and sweep. But to truly appreciate it, you'll want to get the whole backstory.
108	1	We speak in English and Armenian (2 different dialects) at home. Alternate as seems natural. Read books to him in both languages. Have letter blocks with both languages. Grandparents tend to speak in armenian with him (2 different dialects). They absorb like crazy when they’re young. Some of my friends are strict and only speak in Armenian at home but honestly my language skills aren’t THAT great. Easier with the baby but not about current events etc with adults.
527	2	No shame in your goal. Everyone is different.I also enjoy my own internal monologue, while reading, and it slows me down. So, I completely understand. Sometimes, my internal monologue helps me understand the book, even more.I look forward to seeing more of you.Side note, this would be more appropriate for the [current annual  Introduction thread.][link]
318	2	Are you only reviewing US-based bookies?
495	1	IMO that is when you throw down $ on a (smaller) parlay, (and maybe with a couple 'locks' to make it even more interesting)
825	1	Join a bookclub, awards/contests on wattpad so it gets visible for more people and you also receive feedback for your story and simultaneously connect with other writers!
166	1	Jurassic Park. Love the movies but would quite like to see a more faithful adaptation of the book by someone else. Not sure who though.
377	2	Alternatively, theoretical vs. empirical contribution to the literature
422	1	This sounds very awesome and gets a special Spot on the turn-on-literature-shelf (:
907	3	The descending numbers on the left tell you what printing the book is. You have a seventh and a tenth printing shown. If the number line is something like 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1, it's a first printing, 10 9 8 7 6 5 is a fifth printing etc (the number at the beginning doesn't matter). For book collectors, first printings can be highly collectible and for some books, much more valuable than later printings. The reason for this is a first printing run usually doesn't print as many books as later printing runs (because the publisher doesn't necessarily know how popular the book will be), and, because the first printing shows the book text and other features exactly as they originally were when the book was first printed. Later printings may fix mistakes or change things slightly. In addition, if you are interested in the ads at the back of the book, the first printing will show the "current" ads to when the book was published, while later printings show ads from potentially years later. Sometimes you'll also find out interesting trivia from first or earlier printings - for instance, the booklists in the back of the book include titles of upcoming books, and sometimes those titles change when the book is actually published. For instance, 'Werewolf Skin' was originally called 'I want to be a werewolf for Halloween' and you can still see this original title in some of the booklists and/or ads in book #59.For your purposes, there's no important difference between a seventh and a tenth printing, in terms of collectible value or anything else. For some of the earlier Goosebumps books, like books #1-6 where first printings are rare, the first printings might be worth slightly more than others but most Goosebumps collectors don't care, they just want an original series 90s book rather than a reprint. I did sell a first printing of #4 for $20 once, so maybe a few people care. Although, in my experience, usually the first printing is pretty much the same as the second - fifth printing, but if you compared a first printing to a 20th printing, there would be different ads, different booklists, different or no cover ads, etc. (note that for later books, like 50s and 60s, it's almost rarer to find a book that isn't a first printing than one that is, because the later books didn't get many printing runs.)It's also through knowing about first printings that I was able to figure out exactly what month certain publishing changes occurred. You may notice that some Goosebumps books have the ISBN/price on the cover, and some don't. The ISBN/price stopped appearing on the cover starting in November 1995. Any Goosebumps book, including later printings of earlier books, published this month and after doesn't have it. I know this because I have owned first printings of both #36 and #37 (first published in October 1995 and November 1995, respectively) and #36 had it while #37 didn't.
195	1	I would say only 2 made a big impact and maybe a few others had golden nuggets:“The artists way” is changing my life.“The subtle art of not giving a fuck” is just a great perspective (there are lots of copycat books both in cover style and name but this one is the good one. Honorable mention:- The confidence gap- The art of learning- Radical candor
924	4	Usually just reading, reading about what's going on, reading people's thoughts, theories, visions, reading people's diaries, reading all about others, one could say I like reading what other people's shoes are walking about like. Lots of times picking up a conversation, maybe a friend, and sending random acts of cards and r/52book is where I say mostly.
948	2	Hey there! Good to meet you.I'm glad to see that, you are will be joining us.[This thread is more appropriate for the community wide introduction thread, created yesterday. So I will remove this thread, and you can introduce yourself, there.][link]The introduction thread, is a yearly thing.Here are some other annual threads, that you might be interested in.[2022 Goodreads User List][link][Yearly Round up- Tips and tricks][link]I'm looking forward to seeing you.
654	1	The book is ok, there are better works by him.
870	1	We are reading this over at r/bookclub. You should come check out the discussions. We read to Chapter IX this week. I hope you like the book. It took me a few chapters to get into it, but now I am really digging the characters and the world :)
781	3	I apologize for being overly aggressive in my comment. Maybe because English isn’t your native language, your post came across as egotistic. What struck a nerve was that you were separating people into categories of intelligent and not intelligent and seemed to imply that the latter has nothing you could benefit from. This may not be what you meant, that’s just how it sounded.
539	3	These surveys were done only two years after circumcision. Both tacked on to the end of an HIV study. So the people were pressured into getting a circumcision for HIV benefits and then asked if there was a detriment. Surely you see the conflict of:1) Being pressured to undergo a procedure for health benefits, and *then* being asked if there’s downsides.2) These are 5 point surveys, a pretty terrible way to note the complexity and nuances of sexual pleasure.3) With a language barrier to boot.4) The skin and glans were protected for 20+ years, and then exposed for only up to 2 years. Leading to,5) Applying data from adult circumcisions to newborn circumcisions is overextending the data. That’s two years and one year of glans and foreskin remnant exposure compared to ~16-18 years for newborn circumcision before their sex life *starts*.
652	1	I second this. My bookclub just finished this book this week and there's so many great lessons to learn in here.
51	2	Inflicted her narcissistic narrative, verbal abuse, humiliation. I’m convinced it’s the basis for my health problems today and major depression/anxiety. There’s literature to support my beliefs.
321	3	A Is false 4 of the papers were published 3 were accepted but not published and 7 were under review.  B Is not an argument, it's an assertion that there are lots of arguments.
130	4	The plan works like a charm—at first. But amid the glittering, gossipy, cut-throat world of London’s elite, there is only one certainty: love ignores every rule
954	1	My daughter is in 4th grade (9 years old) and she just took her yearly Lexile test (I'm not sure what the test itself is called) and she got a score  range of 1070-1200 which is and 8th-9th grade reading level if I'm reading all the info correctly. Anyway her teacher asked for help finding books in her range so I thought I'd ask on here too. I think maybe non-fiction would be a good change but I have no idea where to even start with that. She loves fantasy fiction but I'm concerned with the content she may start encountering as she moves up into those higher levels. Thanks for your help!!
268	3	It depends entirely upon the quality of the anime and the quality of the novel in question.Certain shows can benefit massively from animation, expression, and performances that bring life to the characters.Certain novels do a better job of providing details or nuance. In anime, a whole scene has to be on-screen at all times. In a novel, the author is only giving you exactly the information that he or she wants you to know, and everything else is discarded. Novels typically draw attention and focus better than all but the best-directed anime.In some instances, the anime can work *against* the novels, even if it is unintended. For example, "horror" very seldom clicks for me in animation because I find it difficult to be "scared" of a cartoon no matter how well it's drawn, but scary situations work better in text descriptions because it's leaving the mental image up to your imagination.I don't think I've encountered a situation where I read the novel and found it *worse* than its corresponding anime, but there have been a handful of anime that (for what they adapt) were more-or-less as enjoyable as their original novels.
733	1	Finished **Red, White &amp; Royal Blue** by Casey McQuiston and **Shadow and Bone** by Leigh Bardugo.
278	1	Great! I added it to my Kindle so I'm gonna read it ASAP and let you know what I think about it! 😊 also would be great if it appears on Goodreads so other people can see it and read reviews.
612	2	If you turn off subreddit style (with RES) then it's almost usable, but there's still spam in there.
476	3	It's completely obvious why a proposal like this just flat out does not work. Sure the Invincible comic fans out there might like it, but I'm sure the rest of us are happy that they adapted the core story that made the comic book beloved in the first place into a medium where more of us can enjoy it. In fact, non-canon adaptations can have a synergy with the source material, because then fans of the show can relive the discovery of a cool IP by then going and reading the comic. For me, this has been true of many adaptations, such as LotR, Harry Potter, The Expanse, and Dune to name a few, where I love both the movies and the books in different ways.
196	2	please go to r/truelit
178	1	I spend all day looking over the books of multiple small businesses to make sure they pay their employees, have the money to pay their employees, can afford that new truck they wanna buy, that they collect the money they're owed, pay the money they owe and coded everything correctly so hopefully they don't get audited by the IRS.  I also help them run their business better by answering the questions they don't actually understand about running a business.  What do you do all day?
326	4	The Last Act Of Love by Cathy Rentzenbrink is a wonderful book about losing a sibling.The Louise Rennison series of Georgia Nicholson diaries might be just silly enough (in the best way) to make you smile.Sending you all my sympathy for your sad loss.
201	2	I seriously always wanted to write a fiction book with this as part of the story.
640	3	/r/AskLiteraryStudies
401	3	Spirit policies are crap for this. Next time book a full service airline — they are all offering free changes now.
960	2	There's a wide breadth of subject knowledge as well as depth. I need to be an expert in adolescent development, our community, collection management, and project management, among other things. The masters has been very helpful in teaching me how to analyze data to make wise decisions for my community.
291	1	Omg I have never ever had anyone else reference this movie but my cousins and I used to watch it all the time😂😂
757	1	I think it has a good story, the lack of difficulty or progression ruins it for me though. I really don’t need the uniquely named overland drop and there are better ways of gaining experience. I guess my issue is, I want to play the game not watch a movie.
648	1	popheads takeover of /r/52book in action let's go
452	1	I also read for fun, and have no idea what Storygraph? is, and don't even have a goodreads account (although sometimes I think that would help me keep books straight and help me remember what I've read lol). Maybe separating your reading from some kind of gamification would help you get back to reading for actual enjoyment and not feeling obligated to reach some arbitrary goal?
79	3	*A Suitable Boy* by Vikram Seth is another book based in India that you can check out. You can also check out the works of Rabindranath Tagore, the only Indian winner of the Nobel prize in literature.Rudyard Kilping's books are set in India, if you can see past the bias towards colonialism.Can you also tell me if there are any online Indian literature communities like we have r/truelit.There is /r/indianbooks , I am not sure how 'literary' that is though.
455	2	Overall I’m still new. . I know that guy has allegedly been around for a while. And I have no idea what other information he gives out. But from what I saw on that post talking about the importance of emotional connection to your dick and some of the comments he was making made me cringe. And on top of that the fact that he claimed to gain so much in so little I just instantly would not believe anybody. And if he was the one in 6 billion that could do that he’s the only one so I would not trust any coaching advice that he would give because I don’t think that’s reproducible to anybody else. But that’s just my opinion. And plus M9 said he was good in his book which instantly gives him some credibility for me
193	2	I’d argue that 1 in 6 vs 1 and 20 means it’s far more likely for blacks to be on welfare.it speaks to issues going on in their community( namely in my opinion the over enforcement of low level drug crimes for the last few decades). I think you arguing that whites are more likely to be on welfare and so blacks are not the issue misses the point and is counter productive to fixing the issue.
885	1	A Christmas Carol, Crime and Punishment. Look for books with redemption arches.  Found you this thread - https://www.reddit.com/r/AskLiteraryStudies/comments/36ki6d/who_are_some_of_the_most_well_known_heroes_who/
658	2	I've just settled with the idea that this sub is about booksI figured that out just from the name.not literature.Well, as literature is a subset of books in general, it doesn't make sense that this sub would be strictly about literature. As luck would have it, though, there is a sub entirely devoted to literature. It's called /r/literature. If you want a sub dedicated to book discussions (vs. anything generally about books), you might try /r/bookdiscussion. That seems to be a lightly populated sub right now, so it seems like a handful of users (say, for instance, the ones in threads like this complaining of a lack of book discussion) could go over there and make it into the kind of  sub they want /r/books to be. There is also, /r/bookclub, which is also dominated by book discussion. Though they are obviously primarily focused on the current books of the month, not exclusively so.
535	2	The people who do hermeneutics might have a word for it, but I think you're probably better off trying /r/AskLiteraryStudies, this seems more up their alley.
63	1	I recommend giving this book a read for your question 😊 it’s an easy read
43	2	Ah male yanderes. You've come to the right neighborhood. *Cracks knuckles*So first thing that came to mind was Wu Chang Jie. It's a serious, long and heavy novel more similar to 2HA really but it still fits your bill. [link]If you're looking for something a bit more comedic and shorter (but still with a deliciously dark yandere ML) I highly recommend:[link]
304	1	My mom was a big fan and taped them off TV so we watched them all the time. I had no idea there was a reboot! I'm with ya, not interested. And totally agree about Suchet as Poirot! Just seeing a trailer for Branagh's weird action hero Poirot can get me ranting on that subject lol.  David Suchet is just really awesome. On a more "truelit" level he played the villainous Melmotte in the BBC's adaptation of Trollope's *The Way We Live Now* and he was absolutely incredibly.
853	1	Congratulations!  So far, I'm having a great time, I hope you enjoy parenthood too.
840	2	While you are finding someone, come over to r/52book, it’s the best book club on reddit.
359	1	You don't know what strawman means. ... metaphorical kind.Do you even realize that's what you're doing? All you can do is attack me. And all you can do is attack studies. Instead of actually responding to the medical information and histology.
84	1	Thank you so much for letting me know about this subreddit! Subscribed! I agree!
929	1	Yes!! It’s called ‘Goodreads’, you can track your reading, review books and make booklists, similar to Spotify but with books
282	1	I love this movie! Seen it so many times! My mom loved Kevin Bacon so now I like watching stuff with him in it cause it makes me think of her lol
810	1	Just to let you know, Wuthering Heights will be one of the options to read along with r/bookclub for the month of April. Feel free to join if you'd like :)
921	3	/r/books is the general sub, there are plenty of more specific subs if you want something specific* /r/bookbinding* /r/bookcaseporn[link]
152	3	Using the latest genetic and anthropological data, the author demonstrates that although humankind's decision to control our supply is what propelled us into the modern world, it had many downsides that we're just now beginning to recognize.
159	1	Not to be rude… but why in the world would Fox News—or any news outlet, for that matter—request an interview with r/TrueLit?Also, if this is going to turn into a political sub, kill me now.
965	1	I'm not sure if you were looking for suggestions or for sources but I like the Read Aloud Revival.  She has all kinds of lists of books for different ages, interests, etc.  She does make some gender assumptions so don't be afraid to check out lists for either gender (my son loved the secret garden and little house books, but my daughter wasn't a fan.). I started with my father's dragon with both kids and they loved it
385	3	You still can't even respond to “what I and others have actually said about Morris's paper”. Don't think it goes unnoticed. All you can do is try to defend Morris the person, **not the paper**.You can't discuss the actual subject matter, so all you can do is try to say this and that about the person.And you still can't respond to the multitude of papers that I've given. You know, the actual medical information from a broad range of sources and authors. And a broad range of information, including studies and histology. All pointing towards negative effects from multiple directions.
81	2	5k working non-profit researcher specializing in the EDI (equity, diversity, and inclusion) space. I have a History English Literature undergraduate degree.
188	3	Progress, the basic illusion of our age, is exhausted. Kids typically no longer expect their lives to be better than their parents’ were. Dystopian scenarios loom ever larger in public consciousness as fisheries collapse, CO2 levels rise, and clouds of radioactive steam billow from “fail-safe” nuclear plants that failed. Despite the technological marvels of our age—or perhaps because of them—these are dark days.
676	2	Just found r/52book which seems like a more chill bookclub. Probably a good spot to search for bookbuddies as well.
643	1	Possibly a sub like [r/AskLiteraryStudies][link]? It seems like r/books may be able to help? But literary studies does have a post near the top that makes it seem like they get a lot of questions they don't like answering so who knows...
745	2	Might be worth asking this on r/AskLiteraryStudies if you have not done so yet
770	1	I know, that makes me so sad. :(  Can you imagine her poor boyfriend innocently getting excited over a movie and sharing his excitement with his friend, only to have her shit all over it for no reason as he wasn't even talking to her about it?  Geez, she probably ruined the film for him.  And is going to make him now second-guess bringing up other movies to his friends because he's worried he's annoying them, too.
786	2	Ah, The Jungle. That was the first book I decided I didn’t have to finish. I’ll tell you when I quit reading it when you’re done. As far how the reading goes, if you just want to discuss the book once we’ve finished, I think we can just post on r/52book. If you want to have an ongoing discussion as we read, we might need a different sub.  r/Buddyread is a pretty empty sub and that might work for us as it’s uncluttered.
437	1	I like a little bit of everything, honestly! I would say I usually gravitate toward dramas and I enjoy a sci-fi element a lot. For books I really like the r/truelit type of stuff but I also enjoy contemporary fiction.
140	3	Millie has been an orphan ever since someone abandoned her as a baby. Moving from one foster home to another. But when her current foster father almost strikes her she runs away, seeks shelter in an abandoned building, is attacked by two men, and she turns into a monster to defend herself. She is then visited by two supernaturals and they whisk her off to Shifter Academy so she can learn how to use her newly discovered powers. But she is an anomaly. Instead of being one type of supernatural she is a combination of all five. But as she settles into her new life and gains friends and possible boyfriends, something isn’t right at the academy. A student disappears and twenty year old secret is revealed. Not Millie and her friends have to stop what is going on.
334	3	you should  be participating in a scene that is happening now. If you set it up to happen in the future or past it will always be happening in the future or past and you will never experience it in reality.I think this is wrong. While technically it should be true, that what you desire will happen as is. So logically, if you want something and you impress your subconscious with wanting that thing then you should forever keep wanting that thing instead of you *having* that thing which is our actual desired result. I was thinking hard about it and the answer became clear when reading the JMsb literature. The Law isn’t the only Law. There are many forces of nature acting on everything. And your desire is the same. Many forces act on your desire and of course the Law wins in the end. But, sometimes merely wanting also wins. Because presumably there is also a law that says [quote]. Which is why even if you persist in breaking every single law to impress your subconscious with “i want this” the law of “what you want will come true” will win and you will end up receiving your desire.
372	1	I'm sorry, but making fun of posts and posters here is not "meta". Like, no shade at all, I do it too, but there's lots of good reasons why every big sub has a separate circlejerk sub. Normal people don't shit where they eat.
312	3	the anthropologist David Graeber presents a stunning reversal of conventional wisdom. He shows that for more than 5,000 years, since the beginnings of the first agrarian empires, humans have used elaborate credit systems to buy and sell goods—that is, long before the invention of coins or cash. It is in this era, Graeber argues, that we also first encounter a society divided into debtors and creditors.
286	1	It is a fantastic book! Highly recommend it!
776	2	Hey you should join r/52book if you've not already. I joined last year with the intention of reading 12 in a year and made it to 62. It was a great place to find new suggestions to read.
211	3	 Do you have the expertise to give a fair assessment? or is it just one man with a PHD from Yale.   Something you might want to consider is that there are other PHD's out there, from other prestigious universities, who have also dedicated their lives to classical studies, who have come to a very different conclusion than the one you present.  From where I stand it appears that we are two laymen, interested in a subject, who've come to different interpretations. I've read and listened to lots of lectures and literature regarding Ceasar, his rise, and his death, from people far more educated than me on the topic.  I'm just a hobbiest, but I'm generally open to broadening my understanding of the topic.  What disinterests me is someone calling me ignorant and my arguments invalid in a hostile manner.Ceasar fought a civil war for personal glory and freedom.   Yes he was dealing with a corrupt system, but he didn't fight Pompeii and Cicero for the common man, he fought them for political office and gain.   He rigged elections and threatened politicians to put himself in a position for Dictator.  He wasn't some noble freedom fighter.  Sure, he probably didn't want the death of Pompeii, but his personal actions led to Pompeii's death, along with tens of thousands of Roman soldiers' and citizens' lives for no real benefit to anyone other than Ceasar.You can argue that the Senate is an enemy of the Roman people.  You could argue that the US congress is the enemy of the American People, but would you call a man who permanently dismantles the US framework of representative office, and makes himself President for life, a hero to the American People?  You keep calling me ignorant because my understanding doesn't align with your understanding, but as far as I can tell you've only ever viewed the situation through one (albeit credited) man on Tik-Tok.   I don't want to sound elitist, but a part of me questions the nuance that can be gained from videos that by their nature last 15 seconds to 3 minutes in length.
737	3	look up Charlotte Mason booklists for you child's age.
727	2	Gentlemen, it's been a pleasure. Now I'll take my bookish snobbery somewhere else. Perhaps /r/literature or /r/newbooks or maybe even /r/bookdiscussion
595	2	I started my law course in semester 2 after transferring from Griffith University.First, the second semester of the 2022 academic year commences July 18, with semester one beginning, at least for me as a third year, on March 3, so you have plenty of time to sort out any administrative issues with QUT. Booklists: you'll get your booklist for your respective courses when you enrol and then register into your classes. So, until then, don't stress about booklists.ID card: this is fairly simple. If I recall correctly, I simply uploaded a photo to my profile in the student portal (I think it's formally called eStudent?) and requested a student ID card with that photograph on it. Do you have you QUT log in credentials to access HiQ, eStudent, and Blackboard? I've never actually had to use my ID card once outside of examinations (which for you will be from Novermber 5-19) and late access to the law library. Generally though, I would advise you contact HiQ on the numbers provided through this link: [https://www.qut.edu.au/about/contact](https://www.qut.edu.au/about/contact)Hope this helps :)
407	1	I could understand your rant if the company had ever bothered to notify customers that their phones would stop working prior to YESTERDAY, but they didn't. You say that you work in retail electronics, so of course YOU would know about this upcoming change, but most customers of Lifeline service don't exactly sit around and read wireless trade literature.  In fact, and I don't mean to be condescending but it's just a fact, many Lifeline customers probably don't even speak English as their first language, or they may have other literacy issues.  Remember, this is a program for low income people, and those are the people least likely to have heard about this from some other source.  And even if they somehow had heard about it, they still may not have known it applied to them, and may have reasonably expected that their provider would let them know if it did.
253	1	I used to read tons of books back in HS to kill time. I mean, I still like to read I just almost never do it at home anymore since I'd rather go online, and when I'm out I tend not to have that much downtime. Such is life.
775	2	There's nothing petty about avoiding a person that behaves in bad ways.  **You aren't petty.  You deserve better than this.  You are setting up ways to protect yourself and detach yourself from the situation.**  I would distance yourself from both Josh, and from any discussions about Josh, except for reporting incidents.  I would also look into a decent lock on your bedroom door, so you can have privacy and protect your stuff.   And when you are done with school, I would look into the booklists on these subs and start to read about toxic people and toxic homes and learn how living there has affected you, and how to process and heal from it all.
122	2	The only book you'll ever need
115	1	Again idk if and/or how I disagree with medical experts (as if there’s a unanimous opinion among medical experts)How I came to this? One part experience and three parts biology. Surely I don’t need to pull up the evidence that teens have undeveloped brains and less regulated hormones. Beyond biological, there’s a ton of psychological literature on adolescence. I mean are you challenging that teens are not impulsive, impressionable, and prone to do things they regret? (More than the adult versions of themselves)
374	3	I'm not sure if I completely agree with this. There's a not of lesbian feminist literature about feeling like you aren't a woman because of being a lesbian or about being a lesbian first and a woman second, if at all, and literature about only relating to womanhood through being a lesbian. I'm not saying lesbians aren't women, but the writing has been there for decades by lesbians about an alienation from womanhood and the rejection of womanhood as defined by the patriarchy. Whether or not you agree, it *has* been there in discussion about what a woman really is when she does not exist as how women are defined by society at large.
571	2	Oh nice idea. I found this thread: [link]So i think i’ll join through there
899	2	Hi, it looks like you're trying to summon u/goodreads-bot. Unfortunately, they don't play nicely with me or the r/Fantasy Golem family, so they're not welcome here. Please resubmit your comment.
450	2	I had a temp job that paid us weekly, on a Friday morning. One of the other temps I worked with unfortunately had a massive gambling addiction, but he seemed in denial at how bad it was. On the Friday he bragged to us all and said how much money he was going to place on Premier League football matches - this guy seemed to literally live going to the bookies. Then on Monday, he'd complain about how much money he lost on the football at the weekend and how he had barely any money. Its been a few years now and sometimes I think about that guy - I hope he's beaten his addiction.
332	3	For eighteen years, Bruce Bueno de Mesquita and Alastair Smith have been part of a team revolutionizing the study of politics by turning conventional wisdom on its head. They start from a single assertion: Leaders do whatever keeps them in power. They don't care about the "national interest"--or even their subjects--unless they have to. This clever and accessible book shows that the difference between tyrants and democrats is just convenient fiction. Governments do not differ in kind but only in the number of essential supporters, or backs that need scratching. The size of this group determines almost everything about politics: what leaders can get away with, and the quality of life or misery under them. The picture the authors paint is not pretty. But it just may be the truth, which is a good starting point for anyone seeking to improve human governance.
844	2	I'm not familiar with ESL students' language capabilities, so these titles (from a book list curated for the kids in my school -- EFL, aged 13-18) may be hit-or-miss for you:* R. J. Palacio - Wonder* S. E. Hinton - The Outsiders* Witi Ihimaera - The Whale Rider* Daniel Keyes - Flowers for Algernon* Lois Lowry - The Giver* Marcus Zusak - The Book Thief* Marjane Satrapi - Persepolis* Padma Venkatraman - The Bridge Home + Born Behind Bars* Nidhi Chanani - Pashmina* Amra Sabic-El-Rayess &amp; Laura Sullivan - The Cat I Never Named: A True Story of Love, War, and Survival* Ann Braden - Flight of the Puffin* Saadia Faruqi - A Thousand Questions* Onjali Q. Raúf - The Lion Above The Door* Eugene Yelchin  - The Genius Under the Table: Growing Up Behind The Iron Curtain* Innosanto Nagara - M is for Movement* Tian Veasna - Year of the Rabbit* Kim Ae-ran - My Brilliant Life* Catherine Bruton - No Ballet Shoes in Syria* Victoria Jamieson, Omar Mohamed - When Stars are Scattered* Trevor Noah: Born A Crime (adapted for young readers)You can also check out YALSA [Book Finder][link] or libraries for their booklists. (I also came across [this][link]
588	1	My bookclub is currently reading it!
270	3	International affairs, especially with countries going through ongoing warfare, is everything but black and white. The many cabinet members and  administrators, from both countries, are smarter and currently on a whole other level then that. There are hundreds of variables and effects of every action AND word said. Wonder why our speaker, usually Jen Psaki, always looks at her book? I’m pretty sure it’s more complicated then, “hurr durr just send them the bombs go boom why not?”Don’t get me wrong, I’d love to be able to say, “why not just give the iron dome to them?” but even that is off the tables for America. And yes, we do have/know how the iron dome works now. News outlets like Fox cater to the normal American. Were talking about the blue collar American who knows nothing about the defense ministry or the laws and regulations in place for international affiliations of top world countries. And it’s not just Biden. This is not the 1200 century where one king rules all and his saying goes. I’m pretty sure he wants to support Ukraine as much as he can while at the same time avoiding more international conflict.
90	2	I think if you want an undergrad where you write a lot you should just study English literature.
3	1	The Witch P.I series by Adele Abbott has no murders - the books are short and pretty fun.
440	3	There’s already r/RSbookclub, and r/TrueLit is the only other decent place on reddit
119	2	If you're old enough to use Goodreads and/or Reddit, you're too old for all these books.
45	1	It's definitely green which is interesting because I'm assuming Gemma got it for him (since she taught Russian literature) and the candle she made was also green and red.
715	1	/r/books hot threads are truly the bottom of the barrel for book related shit lmao. i still like the what are you reading threads and sometimes if you can catch something that doesnt get more than 50 comments it's ok.  seconding /r/52book as a good alternative! it's very fun and positive and generally less... weird about specific books/genres/audiences. i also have been having a pretty good time in /r/Fantasy (tho big threads can still get weird) and also there are too many authors i like with active accounts! i don't want to be perceived by authors ever thank you. agree on /r/YAlit having good vibes too tho i'm not really a ya reader anymore.i also hang out in /r/HobbyDrama and /r/iamveryculinary and stop by like... /r/houseplants every so often
945	3	Here are some really good books that I've used over the years:Judika Illes' "Encyclopedia of 5000 Spells."Jason Augustus Newcomb's "The Book of Magick Power."Jason Miller's "The Sorcerer's Secrets."Bill Whitcomb's "The Magician's Reflection" (an excellent handbook for building one's own set of magical correspondences in a meaningful way.)Kenaz Filan &amp; Raven Kaldera's ""Talking to the Spirits" and "Drawing Down the Spirits".Frater U.D.'s "High Magic" and "High Magic II" for a comprehensive training program in magic.I've put together some lists of the better books on specific witchy topics, like working with herbs, protection magic, working with magic energy, etc. over at my own website if anyone is looking for more suggestions: [link]
671	1	You mean r/bookdiscussion?
674	3	How to Be A Perfect Stranger (6th Edition): The Essential Religious Etiquette Handbook [link]Judaism specific:The Book of Jewish Values: A Day-by-Day Guide to Ethical Living [link]Rabbi Jill Jacobs and Rabbi Jonathan Sacks both have written a fair amount of justice/ethics/morality books also but I'm less familiar with those. More generally sometimes the easiest way to avoid saying the wrong thing or to come off as polite is to broaden your knowledge base and what perspectives you've explored. Something like these books might work: [link]
649	2	I found [this list] [link] on SocialJustice.org and there's a short list of books covering American slavery at the bottom of [this page][link]for middle readers. For the Chinese Exclusion Act, I found two books specifically mentioned [here][link]. Sadly, I haven't read *any* of the middle-level books listed on any of these pages, so I cannot make specific recommendations.
141	1	Atomic habits is the best book on habit forming imo.Also really like the 5 second rule and the compound effect
819	3	You can take a look at course descriptions for english courses on [this page][link] Many have booklists in the description, although not all of them do. The department publishes these every session.
793	2	We found about 95%of level K books at our library.  But we also have a spectacular library system. The booklists for LG and BYL are both available for free on their websites without purchasing the curriculum
429	3	This is the story of Arno Strine, a modest temporary typist, who has perfected the knack of stopping time in its tracks and taking women's clothes off. He is hard at work on his autobiography. Hilarious and totally original, Nicholson Baker's new novel is a triumphant comedy about sexual fantasy and fantastic sexuality.
901	3	Please post lists of books in /r/booklists.
683	2	Yes, I did. It was phenomenal. [Here][link]  are my thoughts.
70	2	If you don’t get a job in a museum or gallery then you can become a literature teacher
936	2	That's nice but still a lot of those are not "general". Thanks for trying I'm going to go through them. /bookdiscussion has been taken over by a spammer.
813	2	You've really reminded me how disorganized and in shambles my reading lists are right now. That's cool you have a good system. Any suggestions for finding good booklists? I'll have to check out Goodreads.Totally, it's after the movie or book that I want to know other people's thoughts and takeaways - once I have my own understanding and base to compare that knowledge and information with.Video games are almost the best medium to do this with, I've found. I'm not sure if you're much of a gamer, but I'll go ahead and say my bit anyway.... Because it's an actively engaging experience - as in you're not just letting the story wash over you - your inputs, ideas, and decisions will directly alter and affect the experience you have with the media and impact your experience heavier. The better the game, the more so (or completely) I will run it without looking at wikis, forums, or videos of it. Even for more mechanical based games: like survival, management, or strategy games; I prefer to go in blind (other than what's shown on the store page) because I'll still play those types of games with an rpg mindset and build a bit of a story and world in my mind as I go. And the failures I "achieve" and extra time wandering because of this add to my time spent. I'm not much of a min/maxer, I guess is what I'm saying, lol.
818	2	/r/books is a default sub that contains discussions that crosses over with multiple other subs.  I mean if you saw someone discussing books would you tell them to post on /r/BookDiscussion ?
791	1	Aydra Richards is a fairly new regency HR author with ~600 total Goodreads ratings across her six published books. /u/Curious-Monk-6489 gave her a rec here, but I still wasn't expecting too much. Though some elements of her writing style took a bit of getting used to, I was shocked at how good the book was overall. I've since read most of her back catalogue and they are all home runs. I read a lot of regency historicals and I think she is now in my top three favourite authors in the category.
957	1	Elton is looking very cute!
292	1	truelit but posts New Yorker linkshahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
213	2	It maybe Stoner by John Williams? He's not an office worker. It's pretty well recognised as one of the best novels of all time.
330	3	Traditionally, the term "Classics," with a capital C, has been understood as referring to ancient, pre-Christian Greek and Latin literature. However, recently -- say over the past century or two -- people who study ancient Greek and Latin seem to have become steadily more and more interested in other ancient languages, as well as Latin and Greek written in later periods.Throughout the history of Christianity, there has been a strong interest in Hebrew. Recently, Classicists have also become more interested in Coptic and Syriac and Armenian and Persian and Arabic, all languages with a great relevance for the study of early Christianty. The current tendency in Classical studies seems to be toward a broader field of interest, often crossing the line into other fields of study.
888	1	This gets me too. I've slowly started dwindling out of the WDYR posts because of how annoying it is to see the post information for that week be something like "DNF after 2 pages into sample because ....." I know I DNF anytime but it's not a weekly recurrence to DNF every single book, most of the time in the sample downloaded first chapters. Recently there was one where the only book tried and DNF was the FF Bookclub pick of the month. Could you not bring negative publicity to 1. a queer (f/nb) romance that already has a slim chance of getting recognition 2. a book you didn't read and 3. have it as the image that pops up on the most frequented post as a DNF associated with not being good.Just having someone else post that WDYR recurring post would be fantastic. Other mods are definitely reading and can actually contribute to the conversations. .... sorry, apparently i'm passionate about the picky WDYR posts lol.
602	2	I say "podcasts", but I'm mostly listening to Great Courses lectures with regards to analysis of the source material and pop-culture podcasts with regards to the film. See [other comment][link]
900	2	Setting a goal and posting my progress on r/52book has helped me stay on track. I wanted to read more the year before but this has provided more accountability for me.
835	3	/r/52Book - A subreddit for the participants of the 52 Book Challenge (one book per week for a year) to discuss their progress and discoveries/r/AskLiteraryStudies - A multi-lingual community for discussing literary works and studies/r/BookDiscussion - For general discussion of books/r/BookQuotes - For sharing and discussing quotes from books/r/CurrentlyReading - For sharing and discussing the book you are currently reading/r/GoodReads - For general discussion of Goodreads, a reader recommendation sharing site/r/JustFinishedReading - For sharing your thoughts on what you just read
87	2	I throw a shoe to my literature teacher’s head when I was in 6th grade
651	2	If I have a specific question about a particular book I am referencing, AskLiteraryStudies (or any classics-related forum) can be useful. I find that the more I work, the more my questions are about other books anyway.
428	3	/r/books /r/booksuggestions /r/bookclub /r/TrueLit /r/YAlit
202	1	Fair enough. And to be clear, I'm not one of the "all extended warranties are bad" type people (more like a "most dealers are bad" type person...). As I said above, I bought one for my Palisade for the exact same reasons as you mentioned. I plan on keeping the car for probably 10ish years and while the powertrain is covered, I'm still worried about the crap ton of electronics we have in there. The cost, from Crystal, of $1400 for 10y/120k of peace of mind was worth it to me, as one repair could cost more than that. And on my aforementioned Jeep, we just had over $8k in repairs covered from that $2300 lifetime plan I got with that car, so that's a win in my book.
841	3	Your post is better suited to the [Your Year in Reading][link]megathread or /r/52book.
542	3	A branch for the 18th century might be the Age of the Novel/Rise of the Novel. Also rather than Age of Pope I would consider it more appropriately described as the Age of Satire. Early C18 is also usually referred to as the Enlightenment Period rather than Classical/Augustan.Also, r/askliterarystudies would probably be a useful resource for this project.
467	1	You lost me at "I understand what real literature is". Oh the pretentiousness!
435	2	All the funny lore details during the world quidditch cup.SPEW.The cleaning of the Black's house. The Pensieve memories about Voldy (all of them).Dobby between the CoS and his death.=Charlie and Bill. And Ginny. And in general, every Weasley kids, even obnoxious Percy, who are all much more characterized in the books, and so much more endearing. As is Sirius, by the way.And a lot more I forget, of course.
939	1	You should check out r/52book. I am only 8 books in, but am still on track.
277	1	I made no comparisons between game of thrones to transformers.  I was giving you an example of a technically amazing movie with shit writing, to make the point that a show isn't about it's technical achievements.  You can make a cake that looks amazing, but if it doesn't taste good then it's not a good cake.  GOT season 8 looks amazing, and no one is arguing that it doesn't.    Your reading comprehension is incredibly low and I'm guessing this is why the terrible stupid writing of season 8 doesn't bother you.  So things people of normal intelligence would say  "hey, that makes no sense and it's really dumb"  You be too distracted saying  "OMG DRAGON IN THE CLOWDS SO COOOL".
624	3	A snowclone is a cliché and phrasal template that can be used and recognized in multiple variants. The term was coined as a neologism in 2004, derived from journalistic clichés that referred to the number of Eskimo words for snow.
281	2	Not necessarily. This cycle was found across centuries of literature and from various cultures, backgrounds, countries, etc so it was not dependent on the requirement for watchmen, etc. Before the arrival of electric; artificial lighting, it was the natural way to rest。In fact, there are still remnants of that today - many consider the siesta or afternoon nap a vestige of bi-phasic sleep and/or actual bi-phasic sleep
661	2	There's No Bookclub Jeff award
897	3	Civility is one our rules, please be sure to keep that in mind with all comments and posts. Insulting people isn't in line with that rule.
731	3	From bestselling writer David Graeber, a powerful argument against the rise of meaningless, unfulfilling jobs, and their consequences.
843	2	If you go to goodreads scroll down you'll see it's apart of booklists to do with tech maybe of you look into those you'll find what you need
32	2	The books are good though, at least the first ones
398	1	i haven’t rly used it :( had so many dolls and a dollhouse of it though, liked the movies, and probably read [this](https://www.thriftbooks.com/w/ghoulfriends-til-the-end_gitty-daneshvari/8898327/item/6588229/?gclid=CjwKCAjwoduRBhA4EiwACL5RP4zpdOjoT73Rwh3pKXu0ViPUlW9eGKfKTYzgxqDpQ7XU2rkgPdh4CxoCSe4QAvD_BwE#isbn=0316222518&amp;idiq=6588229) book twice
129	1	Man, from a pandemic to a war to a slap fight at the Oscars.
126	1	God this sounds just like one of the lines in his movies. Which movie was it? 7lbs? ....errr I am Legend? It's right on the tip of my tongue.
341	3	The Alexandrian Society is a secret society of magical academicians, the best in the world. Their members are caretakers of lost knowledge from the greatest civilizations of antiquity. And those who earn a place among their number will secure a life of wealth, power, and prestige beyond their wildest dreams. Each decade, the world’s six most uniquely talented magicians are selected for initiation – and here are the chosen few...
441	2	Where did you read the novel, I've been looking can't find it.
820	2	ive actually stopped using reddit for book talk, but if i remember correctly, /r/literature was good last I visited, /r/litdiscussion or was it /r/bookdiscussion something about discussion was also pretty good.
764	1	Opened the movie, skipped to the random point and the one enacting shakuni delivers the dialogue "yudhishthira has one weakness, he loves gambling". Loves gambling!!! I am pretty sure it is a wrong claim, don't watch it.
80	2	I used to work for a page layout company that did work for Pearson. One book had “alcohol and other drugs” changed to “AOD” throughout. It was the only change. New edition. Another book was a popular literature anthology. They slid in a new story at slot #2 which meant updated page numbering, TOC, index but nothing else was changed. New edition. Sometimes the new editions would simply swap out a single question at the end of the chapters. If you used an old book, guaranteed to get at least 1 out of 5 wrong every time.I left and found a new job after Pearson asked for a 30% reduction in prices two years in a row because it could be done cheaper in India. It just wasn’t sustainable and my old workplace went out of business a couple years after I left. Pretty sure most of the page layout is done in India now except for complex books like human anatomy and a few others. I know people who still do some scientific illustrations for Pearson but they only do a handful of books now.
787	3	Here's a direct link to this group's recommended book list: [link]Since the group's own list is just at the beginning stage (only a few books listed there) here are some themed lists I've put together over the years that might interest you: [link]
953	2	If it isn't relevant to the sub, don't post it in the sub.  Go to /r/books, or /r/bookdiscussion.  Doesn't make any sense to know you're posting in the wrong place and do it anyway.
153	3	In 'Destined to Witness', Hans Massaquoi has crafted a beautifully rendered memoir -- an astonishing true tale of how he came of age as a black child in Nazi Germany. The son of a prominent African and a German nurse, Hans remained behind with his mother when Hitler came to power, due to concerns about his fragile health, after his father returned to Liberia. Like other German boys, Hans went to school; like other German boys, he swiftly fell under the Führer's spell. So he was crushed to learn that, as a black child, he was ineligible for the Hitler Youth. His path to a secondary education and an eventual profession was blocked. He now lived in fear that, at any moment, he might hear the Gestapo banging on the door -- or Allied bombs falling on his home.
506	2	 |subreddit|subscriber count||:--|--:||/r/531discussion|3,394||/r/abcjdiscussion|1,496||/r/abdiscussion|4,303||/r/asksciencediscussion|76,375||/r/atlanticdiscussions|542||/r/beautygurudiscussion|6,607||/r/bitcoindiscussion|4,861||/r/bookdiscussion|1,523||/r/circlebrokediscussion|1,023||/r/climate_discussion|1,443||/r/crimejunkiediscussion|546||/r/darkknightdiscussion|533||/r/deepdiscussions|824||/r/deltarunediscussion|723|
489	1	They're confused, which I sympathize with, life is confusing as fuck…
942	1	Here’s one where you do know what’s going on, but nonetheless … From another reviewer on Goodreads re David Weber’s alien invasion novel *Out of The Dark*:  Up to this point I’d give the novel two out of five stars, maybe two and a half if you like David Weber or military sci-fi. On page 330 a crime is committed against narrative justice and the book drops to below one star. I would break out negative stars for this thing if I could. What is this crime, you ask? Well, on page 330 of a 380 page novel, vampires arrive and kill all the aliens.No, I am not kidding.
382	3	Except these are mostly Asian bookies. The Premier League is popular for them because it gets around advertising regulations relatively cheaply..Basically, the Premier League is to Asian bookies what Formula 1 was to tobacco brands in the 1980s and 90s.
430	3	[outside link] Set in Prague, The Maimed relates the story of a highly neurotic, socially inept bank clerk who is eventually impelled by his widowed landlady into servicing her sexual appetites. At the same time he must witness the steady physical and mental deterioration of his lifelong friend who is suffering from an unnamed disease. Part psychological farce, Ungar tells a dark, ironic tale of chaos overtaking one's meticulously ordered life.One of only two novels Ungar wrote, this translation marks the first time this important novel and any of his work has been translated into English. Ungar's novellas and short stories are collected in
606	3	Internet Invention is a book by Gregory Ulmer. The book describes Ulmer's definition of "electracy" (as opposed to orality or literacy) and leads readers through activities that ask them to examine their interactions with four discourses, which Ulmer labels career, family, entertainment, and community.
464	3	It's a literature review, which is a normal form of science. [link]Without being across the topic myself, it's hard to know how good the review is, but personally I've found the arguments that MSG is safe convincing, especially the experimental studies.
344	2	What literature are you using to support these arguments? It sounds like you are saying repressed memories are not real,  so when you decide they are real, you call them something else. The argument doesn't make very much sense if you know memories are recovered. I would look at current literature (not from the 90s) to see how true recovered memories are distinguished from less credible recovered memories.
851	3	My post is not a request for a "personalized" recommendation. It's not asking for a recommendation for one or more undetermined books based on criteria I list. It's a question of whether a specific book gets better.
763	1	Hmm, I'll poke around and see if I can find some good book recommendations - most of my stuff is sci-fi and fantasy. You might venture over to /r/books or /r/whattoreadwhen and check with their librarians! \^^
462	1	This!! I can't see **spoiler** &gt;!Eloise &amp; Philip together without Marina dying either!&lt;  Maybe the show isn't planning on &gt;! Philip &amp; Eloise endgame! This already seems unlikely as their was a still of Colin and Philip together this season. Why see him at all if not to start setting it up!&lt;
502	1	I cannot really answer your question which though I think is very interesting I wouldn't dare give my uninformed opinion about. I would recommend trying r/AskLiteraryStudies, they can probably provide you with tons of opinions, theories, academic papers maybe, tips on how to proceed etc. Best of luck!
161	3	McGhee marshals economic and sociological research to paint a story of racism's costs, but at the heart of the book are the humble stories of people yearning to be part of a better America, including white supremacy's collateral victims: white people themselves. With startling empathy, this heartfelt message from a Black woman to a multiracial America leaves us with a new vision for a future in which we finally realize that life can be more than a zero-sum game.
541	2	What really helped for me personally was finding some social obligations to get reading again by joining a bookclub with a bunch of friends. Of course it may not be for everybody but it really helped me.
16	1	I love seeing everyone’s carts and imagining their personalities based off them! I feel like we’d be similar people...though these are sweeping generalizations. I put the flawless filter in my cart too and someone said it made them cakey so now I’m on the fence about it. Can never go wrong with Angel in my book And the T28 After Hours looks so good with the color wild
549	3	These are all of the ones I had on my multi that weren't on your list:* /r/52book* /r/audiobooks [link]
998	1	During Covid, I found r/52book and started the 1 book per week challenge. I read 65 books in 2020, but then only 52 books in 2021. This is up from 8(!) in 2019. I’m setting the same 52 book goal this year as it seems to work well for me. Unfortunately, my TBR is over 100 books long 😆
774	1	Akala yata nila na figure of speech yung "To kill a Mockingbird".😂Di pala nila alam yun? May movie pa nga yun eh.
503	1	Won't get any newreaders on that sub, and a huge part of the fun of rewatchs/reads is seeing first timers reactions
881	2	Join us in r/52book!  You can technically have any goal though.
457	2	I have yet to finish a Sierra Simone book, so I just stopped trying.
944	3	No. I would consider nihilism a state where truth, values, or human purpose is pointless. RDR 2 (the game I have familiarity with; you don't get to pick and choose in r/AskLiteraryStudies) doesn't fit that.Red Dead Redemption 2 would arguably be more existentialist, in the sense that it gives players choices for how to conduct themselves, for how to find purpose and meaning. For instance, you appeal to what you **can** do in the game, but you neglect to address player choice. Players can abstain from murder, robbery, or shooting while free roaming. Players can go entirely pacifist or choose to only defend themselves when attacked. Players can apply their own codes of ethics for how they engage. So it's up to a player whether they want to play as a nihilist. RDR 2 is also arguably more structured than that. Even in free roam, there is a slider (admittedly simple) keeping track of how good or bad Arthur has been, suggesting an objective basis of ethics - the game allows players to do bad but would not let them get away with too much bad, ultimately. Also, story missions are scripted in a way that defines a kind of ethics surrounding the actions of Arthur, Dutch, and the other characters. That they sometimes do cruel things, even in the story, does not mean that values or truth are absent. Indeed, the arc of the story does a pretty good job in putting (for instance) Dutch in his place.So unless someone had a more specific definition of nihilism and a tighter argument for applying it to RDR2, I wouldn't call that game nihilistic.
625	1	Hello! Happy to see you are keeping these bookclub posts going - I didn't see the last one, but I just finished a book with some unexpected ace rep so came looking to see if there were any more posts where I could share my find!
308	3	[quote]. If you read the book, you'll find out that most of the laws written there are effective in any era we visit Tamriel, be it the Second, the Third or the Fourth one. Just like most of the legal systems of Earth are based on the Roman law that is said to be the basis of Napoleon's Civil Code and English legal system, the Imperial legal system is much similar there. An interesting thing is about that Marukhati legal credo - perhaps, this is the reason there are no courts in Tamriel for. No courts, but still, the lawsuits do exist if the case is more complex than any of those described in the "Legal Basics''. In other words, the Legal Basics are common in all of Tamriel. The details like, say, the Bosmeri Green Pact or the Dunmeri state and religious law, are defined in the respective lands.
847	2	Shameless plug of my answer to a similar question on r/AskLiteraryStudies a few weeks back:You might want to have a look at the late Mary Oliver's Poetry Handbook --- which I have read and liked --- or at The Making of a Poem: A Norton Anthology of Poetic Forms, edited by Mark Strand and Eavan Boland --- which I haven't read but would recommend solely based on my love for all things Norton!  If there were an English translation of Christoph Bode's Einführung in die Lyrikanalyse, I would tell you to disregard everything else and go for that one. Unfortunately, to my knowledge, only his introduction to prose writing has been translated as of yet (Christoph Bode - The Novel: An Introduction). Bode's books are some of the most enjoyable student's guides to literary studies I have come across.
427	2	I think I'm a little more sympathetic to him than you - I agree with what you're saying re: his actions, but my read on him is that he's making it because he knows the rules and plays by them and he lacks sympathy for Oscar who is a dilettante. There's also a question of jealousy and Christine between these two, but that's so far totally implicit, if it actually exists.
263	3	All of the following I'd class as humorous and light reading, some also fall into the mystery criteria too. Caimh McDonnell's Dublin Trilogy and it's follow on series McGarry Stateside. The Good Thief's Guides by Chris Ewan. The 100 Year Old Man Who Climbed Out of the Window and Disappeared by Jonas Jonasson (and any books by him really). Anything by Matt Beaumont but especially E.Anything by P G Wodehouse.Bill Bryson for non-fiction.Cotillion, Friday's Child and the Talisman Ring, all by Georgette Heyer (yes she is primarily labelled a 'romance' author but these ones are so much more than that and are hilarious too).I've only read one book by each of the following authors but both were amusing and part of a series: Mike Faricy (Dev Haskell series) and Carl Hiaasen. The Rosie Project by Graeme Simsion.Rob Johnson's Lifting The Lid series.The Food of Love by Anthony Capella. Mark Gatiss' Lucifer Box novels.My Sister, The Serial Killer by Oyinkan Braithwaite.The Thursday Murder Club by Richard Osman (not too funny but a good, easy/quick to read mystery).
363	3	Some books are translated in Italian but not many and they are not easy to find because they are not directly edited by Black Library. Recently Alanera Edizione has started to translate some classics: [outside link]
54	2	I did mean law review. That's who publishes the bluebook btw, the law reviews of a few major universities. Idk where you get the confidence to correct someone when you literally know nothing about the subject, but maybe just google it first?I did google it first -- did you not see the hyperlink? It seemed to me that "cite-checking" (which I understood to mean "making sure your citations were formatted correctly") would only be a small part of writing scholarly legal articles compared to, say, actually understanding the issues and synthesizing commentary about it, and thus "spending all [your] hours" doing such a comparatively menial part of the work must mean you were talking about something a paralegal or junior associate or whatever would do.
156	1	Fun story: I decided to watch Panic Room for the first time about ten years ago, since it was on Netflix. I got about half way into the movie, thoroughly enjoyed it, but I worked the night shift and it was almost time to leave for work. So I packed up my laptop, went to work, and on break later that night, went to go finish the movie....Except it wasn't there. It wasn't on Netflix anymore. At all! Apparently the Netflix's license for the film had ended that night, and since I started watching before midnight and tried to resume after midnight, it was gone.
938	3	What made this book unique from it’s predecessors is that shortly before it’s release, Martin announced that while working on the book he has reached over 1500 pages and still the book remains unfinished.
688	3	I'm a witch who's been practicing since the 1980s, and I'm a big book nerd too.  I've been putting together lists of some of the better books on various witchy topics such as working with herbs, trance work, spirits, and have the lists available at my website here: [link]You should probably also check out some of the other witch-related subreddits as they often have lists of recommended books in their FAQs and wikis, and the participants are pretty good about suggesting books if you ask for specific topics.  Check out r/witchcraft, r/WitchesVsPatriarchy, r/SASSWitches, r/paganism, r/FriendlyPagans, r/witchcraftbookclub,   r/realwitchcraft and r/AskWitches in particular.
420	3	Why did the mountain clansmen travel down to King's Landing with Tyrion? And why do they obey him? I was under the assumption that they just wanted their steel, and were holding Tyrion ransom in Book 1. Now in ACOK, they seem to be just hanging about in King's Landing, doing Tyrion's bidding. The blacksmiths are working on some chain, and the clansmen aren't mad at Tyrion that they're not making the weapons that were promised?
523	2	This really isnt kindle related. Likely have better luck with:/r/books /r/bookdiscussion /r/readalong
754	1	 Forever Never is dual POV :) You can probably find a lot of recs that are by using the search function. You might run into some rants from folks who don't like it (I do) but people mention it or ask the question often enough that you should be able to find some good recs! I remember seeing The Bromance Bookclub getting shout outs as a fun one for men to read but I haven't read it yet myself.
397	2	You’re a voracious reader. Much too ambitious for my tastes. This question is a bit above my head, though maybe check with r/books ? Or r/truelit if you want the opinion of misogynists and people who call others retarded for not agreeing with them.
546	3	There's no one sub for all, but plenty of subject-specific ones:    r/Ijustwatched   r/iwatchedanoldmovie r/IWatchedAnOldSeries r/books
886	1	This is so awesome, is it from a Fritz Lang movie?
722	2	maybe /r/whattolistenwhen could help? if it's still active, it's a sister sub to /r/whattoreadwhen
486	3	I have to strongly disagree here and say that the Talmud is a tremendous work of literature that offers unbelievable wisdom, of course my relatively little exposure to it being the book “Everyman’s Talmud” which I would highly recommend to any person seeking to expand their understanding of the Hebrew Bible and New Testament.
260	3	I hope we get some solid participation in this read. Have you posted it on the r/TrueLit sub? I think they allow this kind of promotion in their weekly reading thread.
619	2	Have you read the rest of Moore's books? Because they're amazing. I'd say Lamb and Fool(and it's about to be released serpent of venice) are the most similar since they are set in the past.
538	2	You remind me of the movie "Intermission" from 2003
513	1	Probably better off going to r/suggestmeabook or r/whattoreadwhen.
532	1	Tordotcom specializes in more literary/envelope-pushing sff than some of the other publishing imprints (compare Baen, for instance). From my experience making coming-soon lists and such, women, nb authors, and men of color are more active in writing this type of fantasy, whereas a lot of the big names writing sff that are white guys often operate in more "traditional" SFF. Generalizations, of course, but I think it's worth noting.
157	2	A People's History has been assigned as reading in many high schools and colleges across the United States. It has also resulted in a change in the focus of historical work, which now includes stories that previously were ignored
558	2	the posts keeps getting deleted there so just wanted to post in some popular book sub. and r/bookdiscussion is too small. I'll delete it after some time
505	1	Same. I saw a lot of posts in the r/52book sub of people standing next to the stack of books that they read in 2021. I can’t believe so many keep all their books!
367	2	If you had any evidence, that statement would be quite useful for the conversation.
947	1	Rupert Murdoch’s newspapers, 24-hour news channel to champion net zero emissions
573	2	This would be a better post in /r/Criticaltheory or /r/Askliterarystudies than here to be honest.
935	1	This argument has been tossed around a few times over at r/52book and similar book related subs.Technically you didn't read it, but you're not going to get knocked for hearing it instead. Audiobooks are acceptable ways to experience a book, and "yes" is an acceptable answer if someone asked if you've read a book. That said, I when someone asks me if I've read a book, and I listened to the audiobook, I'll just answer something like "I heard the audiobook". But it will still count towards my "reading list".One thing that I am peculiar about, is that the experience of an audiobook is sub-par for gripping stories. When you learn to read without an internal monologue, things become more vivid. Similar to seeing a stop sign and knowing to "stop" without having to vocalize the word, reading a book offers a similar experience where you blaze by the words and your mind races with images that come to life.
76	1	hah, I'll very respectfully disagree. Just a few months into his rookie year turned my contrarian ass from a legit hater to a full convert.  Btw, I looked at your reddit history, just to make sure I wasn't writing all this up talking to a nutter, but damn, I agree with a lot of your recent posts.  I'm gonna have to check out truelit.  cheers.
714	2	[link]You can do it through a book or a movie first before talking about a child. Like find a book or a movie with an autistic character and watch it a few times together
647	3	The incredible true story of the women who fought America's Undark dangerThe Curies' newly discovered element of radium makes gleaming headlines across the nation as the fresh face of beauty, and wonder drug of the medical community. From body lotion to tonic water, the popular new element shines bright in the otherwise dark years of the First World War.Meanwhile, hundreds of girls toil amidst the glowing dust of the radium-dial factories. The glittering chemical covers their bodies from head to toe; they light up the night like industrious fireflies. With such a coveted job, these "shining girls" are the luckiest alive—until they begin to fall mysteriously ill.But the factories that once offered golden opportunities are now ignoring all claims of the gruesome side effects, and the women's cries of corruption. And as the fatal poison of the radium takes hold, the brave shining girls find themselves embroiled in one of the biggest scandals of America's early 20th century, and in a groundbreaking battle for workers' rights that will echo for centuries to come.Written with a sparkling voice and breakneck pace, The Radium Girls fully illuminates the inspiring young women exposed to the "wonder" substance of radium, and their awe-inspiring strength in the face of almost impossible circumstances. Their courage and tenacity led to life-changing regulations, research into nuclear bombing, and ultimately saved hundreds of thousands of lives.
812	1	Honestly those were most likely my mom’s! I’m doing r/52book though
723	2	Well known classics. I'm trying to go through the interesting books on the PBS Great American Read list. An excellent place to find a book if I'm stuck on what to read next.
249	1	I can't speak to Harry Potter specifically, but as a short person I always book Hult Center tickets in the Mezzanine or Lower Balcony, as close to the front as I can get. The sides of the Mezzanine are great, because they curve closer to the stage. But if the first several rows of the Mezzanine are booked already, or if they're too expensive, you'd see just fine toward the front of the Lower Balcony. The Upper Balcony is more nose-bleedy and feels much more distant from the action.Definitely avoid the Orchestra.
20	1	Omg that is ALL about being embarrassed that other people had to step in to take care of her kid and it would make her look bad. 🤦 No "wow I'm so embarrassed I can't believe I've been keeping my kid from being able to *see* properly." Btw if you write a book, I want to read it. :)
744	1	2021 was the year I tried audiobooks for the first time. But I just needed to have the physical copies too. It's a bad habit I'm trying to overcome. I have had some REALLY good reads this year. I rated them in tiers (I regret putting "Shout" in good and not great) I hope this answers your question. [Books rated in tiers][link]
250	1	this book is AWESOME! One of Barack Obama's Favorite Books of 2020!
94	2	I recently purchased an [outside link] after humming and hawing over reviews, youtube tech videos, and posts on reddit for over a month. There is much ado going around regarding panel types in the monitor space, but I decided to save a couple hundred bucks, as well as deeper blacks, I am glad with the monitor so far. It's such a joy to use a huge screen, at over an arms length away from my face, that I don't think I can ever go back to a smaller monitor ever again. It's so nice for studying Python with a split screen on the course material. I'm focusing on Python for another week and then I'll be done with the course and I'll have some time to swing back into working on blender and improving my sculpting, and I can hardly believe that I could have ever put up with a small laptop screen to do 3d work before. And gaming is glorious as well.I also got Cyberpunk 2077 on discount after hearing that it's been patched with a major update. I honestly love it and am enjoying it more than Witcher 3 in some ways. The game world is just so incredible, a great story, too. Lots of fun to play. I was hesitant to buy it really based on the overall negativity on reddit about it being an absolute travesty or whatever. It really feels like you are playing something in between a William Gibson book and Transmetropolitan. Really, it's one of the better games that I've played in a few years and I hope CD Project Red doesn't listen too closely to the haters. I feel they should definitely continue the series with sequels and DLC. I've made [outside link] and I found them super tasty. I've been playing with the general idea of massive amounts of crushed garlic in a butter sauce by tweaking the recipe today with chopped jalapenos, Chinese shallot sauce, soy sauce, Kirkland no-salt seasoning and man this was super delicious with broccoli and sliced beef which I boiled together with the noodles. I'm actively staying away from Reddit a bit lately. My friends and I have been chatting about the online space becoming too repugnant to bear and many of the voices on reddit are not coming from a healthy and adjusted place. TrueLit is wonderful though, but I can't help but feel a dark emanation creeping throughout reddit and limiting time here is probably a good idea for all of us.
103	1	you're kind of in a weird place because you're reading above the reading level of a lot of this reddit but not quite ready to disappear  up your ass in pretentiousness, so i get it. lmao
342	3	You might want to do a little research on research. [outside link]
251	2	no, there is no reliable data per the experts...most if not all of the data is taken from news reports, which has proven unreliable.The American Veterinary Society of Animal Behavior, for example, says identifying a dog's breed accurately is difficult, even for professionals, and visual recognition is known to not always be reliable.
912	2	I think you'd be better off asking this question in either r/AskLiteraryStudies or r/TrueLit .
632	2	I've also noticed that there's a moderate percentage of people who post here who don't seem very savvy with reddit/formatting/etc. - they might not be regular redditors, but they're in search of a book. I think adding extra rules would discourage some of these people from posting, which would be a shame.
191	3	r/TrueLit r/literature r/WeirdLit may help you.
670	2	Your post is better suited to the [link] or /r/52book.
42	1	At the end of *The Frontiers of Love*, and I'm not sure how I feel about it. There are some bits about mixed-Chinese identity that are written really well and seem fairly profound, but then there are lots of unnecessary details and some sloppily written segments. The pacing is all over the place, too, and I'm not really sure what the point of the novel is where I'm at, even though it's almost over. I'll chalk it up to it being Chang's first novel, and published in the '50s on a small press with probably minimal editing.
979	1	I think this would be a great one to read with the bookclub - lots to analyse!
682	1	I got you fam.Here you go /u/syphilis_pretzel. The link, is on the sidebar.[link]
859	1	Not going to entertain any request to educate people on what racism is or point out specific examples of racism. You guys can go down internet rabbit holes and find any information you need about anything. Why suddenly whenever it comes to race, you forget that skill and need handholding?
987	2	Literally no one gives a shit about booklists, what you’re complaining about is ideological difference. “Turning people away from our movement” in reality should read “People who are actively antithetical to our movement.” The ideological difference is that many conservatives believe in free markets, regressive social policies that reinscribe existing power structures, and controlling the bodies of women to maintain economic difference. There are longer discussions to be had about the rise of conservative populism, usually at the expense of working class folks of color, and/or the support of a police state that disproportionally incarcerated black folks, and to what degree conservatives back these policies in a shifting landscape, but for the last forty years and more, and in the rise of Trump, it’s been pretty overt.
92	2	truelit  is a place where people would rather discuss the latest nontroversy in the literary world while ignoring all worthwhile posts or even acknowledge anything else exists but hot takes
458	1	tbh it will be hard for this sub to survive unless y'all find a USP. So far, it's not entirely clear what this sub offers that writing doesn't, and as long as that's not clear, you're automatically going to lose against the incumbent. There's just too much path-dependency propping them up (plus, "writing" is much easier for someone new to the reddit writing community to find than "theliteraturelobby" - this doesn't even have the word writing in it lmao, who branded this?) As you said, you can't run on anger at the mods forever. But you also can't run on "the mods over there are annoying sometimes" as the differentiating factor for the majority of users, who don't care about your beef with the mods.
91	1	Look for a self-pub book with a Latina/Latino author for Bingo purposes. I NEED to have fewer than 50 ratings on Goodreads, as I'm doing hard mode. Anyone got any recommendations?
933	3	I read a decent amount of philosophy and academic nonfiction. Philosophy is deceptive, quite a lot of it is dense but on the shorter end 150 pages. Both have a high barrier to entry that becomes easier over time. I just finished rereading Dune last week. If you want some ideas of the books I've read, I will post pictures of them to 52book which you can get from my profile. You can also see what kinds of books I'm doing for this year's challenge and my reviews for them.
735	3	You’re most likely going to be sent to r/suggestmeabook, r/booksuggestions, or r/whattoreadwhen. They have serious bibliographers who can help you out.
369	1	I love that in every previous movie he kills someone using a helicopter at least once!
252	1	Fourth grade is rough! My daughter’s in fourth grade now and really struggling (even with adhd medication). Sadly, I can’t give you advice about the lateness. I’m not late. I’m paranoid and anxious and have alarms FOR Everything. I’m one of those “30-40 minutes early ADHD people” to counteract having no sense of time. I also found working afternoons for a good part of my career went a long way. Yes, I did go to college and even grad school! The trick for me was finding degrees I was super interested in, so my undergrad was in the arts and my masters is in literature. Even though research papers were still a struggle, I basically just had to read fiction for my degree (along with some crit/theory), which was already something I hyper focused on. In a lot of ways, I found ways around the adhd problems (fields I loved, late shifts, flexible hours) so I masked pretty well… until I didn’t and everything would jmplode temporarily.
203	3	Heather McGhee's specialty is the American economy--and the mystery of why it so often fails the American public. From the financial crisis to rising student debt to collapsing public infrastructure, she found a common root problem: racism. But not just in the most obvious indignities for people of color. Racism has costs for white people, too. It is the common denominator of our most vexing public problems, the core dysfunction of our democracy and constitutive of the spiritual and moral crises that grip us all. But how did this happen? And is there a way out?
314	2	The whole book is perturabo finding reasons to not do it and then blaming it on everyone else.The book ends with with one of his legionnaires building something but doing it 1% too slow or too fast which makes perturabo mad and killing him.
610	2	 I look at:1) The daily deals section. Found some great books there.2) See what people are reading on /r/52book3) Check genre subreddits like /r/fantasy4) Look at /r/suggestmeabook5) Go to a physical book store and see what's interesting. Then buy on Kobo.
958	1	Read and join or start a bookclub. I totally enjoy the experience of reading a book and discussing it with people from all walks of life afterwards.I don't know how well your relationship with your parents is but you could definitely use the time to connect with them too, maybe even suggest doing activities as a family? :)
187	3	Give people access to Anarchist literature and learn Anarchist talking points. Learn what both individualist and social anarchists have for critiques of capitalism (personally, I think Mutualists and Market Anarchists have the best critiques) and what they have for proposals on alternative societies and economics
265	2	That flour yeast water book?
364	1	Because muh book say he bad so he bad \s
872	2	Nice job!! You may want to check out r/52book, they share a lot of content like this.
636	1	I also think my older cousins thought it was funny to terrorise me. :/
220	1	Maybe not the biggest goal, but a little pipe dream I have. There is a tiny shop on a side street near my house, it was a book shop once upon a time. It's a florist at the moment but I'd love to one day open it up as a little used book shop! I'm sure I would never make any money but I could read and talk about books if anyone actually came up the street to browse in it.
256	1	Ok here goes! It’s all my collections and handmade art glass jewelry, car related items (including car models, a Kipling bag(I have about 8 of same model and brand that I’m keeping 🤓😳🙃) and -brand new art supplies! I’m preparing to move house-also books about culture as well as hard cover novels and automotive books! Any sharing most appreciated! Thanks all
114	3	Bloom's taxonomy is a way of distinguishing the fundamental questions within the education system. It is named after [Benjamin Bloom][link], who chaired the committee of educators that devised the taxonomy. He also edited the first volume of the standard text, *Taxonomy of Educational Objectives: The Classification of Educational Goals*. Bloom's taxonomy refers to a classification of the different objectives that [educators][link] set for students (learning objectives). It divides educational objectives into three "domains": [cognitive][link], [affective][link], and [psychomotor][link] (sometimes loosely described as "knowing/head", "feeling/heart" and "doing/hands" respectively). Within the domains, learning at the higher levels is dependent on having attained prerequisite knowledge and skills at lower levels.  A goal of Bloom's taxonomy is to motivate educators to focus on all three domains, creating a more [holistic][link] form of education. Bloom's taxonomy is considered to be a foundational and essential element within the education community.  A mythology has grown around the taxonomy, possibly due to many people learning about the taxonomy through second hand information. Bloom himself considered the Handbook "one of the most widely cited yet least read books in American education".
466	1	Don't put to much stock into that stuff in regards to combat style.  The books refer to elrond as a lore master which is why they chose that.  Lotro pulls a lot from the books as opposed to the movie, keep that in mind as well
324	2	I went into it with a completely NEUTRAL perspective.Unfortunately, despite your best intentions, this is impossible. It is extremely important for researchers to recognize their own bias, because EVERYONE has a bias, no one is immune. Just keep this in mind for the future. I'm planning to make a gigantic research journal about my findings I think you mean a book, or or a long paper (in this case, perhaps a [literature review][link]). Individual do not make their own "research journals", they submit papers to journals so that they can be peer reviewed, and they are almost all periodical (meaning they aren't just one-offs, they are produced on a regular basis like monthly or semi-annual). However, I'm not sure if English is your first language, so this may have been a translation/localization issue (I'm not sure if "journal" can be synonymous with "paper" or "study" in other English-speaking countries, but I haven't heard them used that way in international journals).
65	1	Memorable quotes...and more
994	1	The one bloody year I am on top of having school booklists sorted…
408	1	Probably a sign that it's time to drop the nap. Plenty still do quiet time for an hour or so if you're not ready to give up the mid day break. Lol usually it's just time spent in their room playing with quiet toys or looking at books.
320	1	Great job! I have a friend who’s absolutely obsessed with dune :)
400	1	Yeah, if you look through CFS posts and literature that's actually a pretty common thing. There was even a guy who "cured" his CFS by injecting himself repeatedly with a vaccine....they no longer make that particular vax though. I think it was Swedish.
989	1	Nice!  Love holdmybeer.I posted this on the mntrolls reddit but reposting here incase it's helpful, list of mumsnet subjects and nearish reddit equivalents  (not completed!) Huge list, I will edit and add some more later and  will add to it if people suggest any.If you look in the sidebar of many of these, they will have links to related subreddits.*"Forces' sweethearts"* ---- r/USMilitarySO r/LongDistance *30 days only* --- you can delete posts, so no equivalent really.*AIBU?* ---- r/amiwrong r/AmItheAsshole r/changemyview*Academics' corner* ---- r/Professors r/academia*Addiction support* ---- r/REDDITORSINRECOVERY r/stopdrinking https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/links *Adoption* ---- r/Adoption r/AdoptionUK r/AdoptiveParents[link]*_Chat* ---- .... I need a life.
327	1	Wow - my husband travels for work regularly… can you teach him?!?! With that many kids, some laundry done would be great. I wouldn’t even care about the rest if you took over and let me have a bath and read a book in peace before you left and made sure the grocery shopping was done.
904	1	r/suggestmeabook.
10	1	Yeah dude/gal you’re a medical student you should be able to do a basic literature search this isn’t a niche topic
27	1	I don't think authors wait until they have finished all books to publish. Just have George Martin in mind. He released 5 books and the fans are many years waiting for the series to get an end in the books. Same happens to a lot of different writers. Becca Fitzpatrick, Lauren Kate, Pittacus Lore... They published one book per year of their series. Actually, you have to be lucky. Because you may publish one book but it's not guaranteed it's gonna be a success. The publisher may not have interest in publishing a second or third one, cause the first one didn't sell well. So you're actually gonna be lucky if you publish one book and it sell so well that the publishers gonna have interest in publishing the rest of the story.
597	3	Other related subs where you might find recommendations ([from my great big list of book realted subs]
963	2	Like u/roranicusrex, I have a similar reading pattern where I catch up on weekends if I can’t read much through the workweek. I use physical, ebook, and audiobooks, sometimes switching formats for the same book so I can keep “reading” while I’m driving or doing chores at home. (Scribd and the public library are godsends for that). I joined r/52book - a book a week - during the pandemic and dramatically improved my book count from a pathetic 8 in 2019 to 65 in 2020 and I pledge never to go back! It’s the right pastime for me.
212	3	There was a whole book on the subject.[link]
930	2	The whole Krakoa business seemed to make many characters less religuous in favour of whatever mutant religion Nightcrawler is founding.Which I find somewhat sad. An interfaith religious bookclub on Krakoa would have been fun. People sitting around and discussing how ressurections change their world view.
322	3	Thanks for reading our page through carefully and giving feedback. I'll take your advice on and add to the section introducing the meal plan, plant-based people should supplement with Vitamin D a B12 and I'll tweak the meal plan for mentioned days. That will eliminate any issues you brought to concern with the meal plan. That being said, our page educates people further on nutrition and gives fantastic sources such as podcasts, books and youtube videos to ensure they have a full wealth of information. It's important to remember that this is aimed predominantly at those who have never gone plant-based and have likely been eating animal products for some time. As we know, animal products contain carcinogens, unwanted hormones and are often high in cholesterol. This meal plan is a huge improvement on that. Please DM me if you have any further ideas, you clearly have knowledge we could utilise- the idea of the website is to make veganism appealing for people. For that, vegans need to help each other, not sabotage those making an effort to drive change.
488	1	entitled to someone holding your hand in helping you understand what antiwork is. cause you clearly dont. and i would bet good money that you wont read a book about it.
756	2	/r/linguistics or /r/askhistorians or /r/askliterarystudies would be better places to find this info.
617	1	Submit to /r/WhatToReadWhen , I'm sure the guys on there would appreciate it. What's your stack?
771	1	Oh I'm not sure, you can try asking at r/askliterarystudies
555	3	Please explain in strictly medical terms why this is happening to me: [link].
752	2	If you haven't done so yet, come and join everyone in r/52book. The challenge is to read 1 book a week for a year but really it's just about setting out your own goals. Whether it's 5 or 100.
445	3	For generations, our remote ancestors have been cast as primitive and childlike—either free and equal innocents, or thuggish and warlike. Civilization, we are told, could be achieved only by sacrificing those original freedoms or, alternatively, by taming our baser instincts. David Graeber and David Wengrow show how such theories first emerged in the eighteenth century as a conservative reaction to powerful critiques of European society posed by Indigenous observers and intellectuals. Revisiting this encounter has startling implications for how we make sense of human history today, including the origins of farming, property, cities, democracy, slavery, and civilization itself.
105	3	It was a finalist for the National Book Award for Fiction.  So at least somewhat literary.  I'm not familiar with her other novels or essays so can't say if she's considered truelit material.
710	1	u/migmatite_rock You're two examples are blatantly political and don't represent much of what constitutes literary theory although they may represent what is often on reddit.My colleague did not direct to r/AskLiteraryStudies, and I would send you there.This is something entirely different than the things that Eagleton gets published in journals about writers like Dickens (an which i admittedly have not read).If you have a specific item you're reading, send me a message in chat and I will not hesitate to help you if I can.  However, if your question is on the specific nature of literary criticism, I'm going to warn you that you will be met with hostility, and that the best place to ask for assistance is probably r/AskLiteraryStudies.  It's not the duty of people on reddit in a book forum to defend the practice of literary criticism.  No one here owes you any time.  As I said, I will happily, in my own time, do what I can, but concern trolling is trolling and there are forums where asking difficult questions about literary theory are really the main point of the forum ( r/AskLiteraryStudies).
247	3	r/TrueLit has done a couple of top 100 user-voted lists and the results are always interesting. I imagine, given how enormous this sub’s following is that such an undertaking here would be pretty overwhelming, but if the mods wanted to take it on, I think it would be a good and varied resource for users.
975	1	There's a subreddit called /r/whattoreadwhen that does this for books. /r/whattolistentowhen and /r/whattowatchwhen also exist, but are both dead, I'm not aware of any live versions.
732	1	/r/whattoreadwhen
118	1	You can’t just bill something as a fantasy because you want to stop thinking critically, its 100% a cop out.
165	1	Looks interesting. Will definitely read it, I love it when books break my heart
964	3	[link]TPL offers books about Toronto sorted by neighborhood
245	2	 Not necessarily write one, but if we're allowed to use it, I could possibly write it into a novelDo you or have you read any tickle novels
759	1	When I was 6/7 yo this album scared the shit out of me.  I wasn't old enough to appreciate that voices coming though the speakers speaking like newsreaders *weren't actually newreaders*.
997	1	The Postmistress of PARIS.
608	1	### ⚠️WITNESS REQUIRED!⚠️*   This account has made a lot of entries.*     Seems sus.  Cause I am a dumb bot.
822	3	I don't have an answer for you, but consider asking the same question in /r/AskLiteraryStudies, where there are many experts in literary theory and criticism.
