853	3	English is not great, if this doesn't make sense let me know! I wanted to make the new account for this, its shameful for me and on some subreddits people might point it out.   I served as a soldier in the second chechen war, was in the army beforehand.   I got married in 2005, and I told my wife that I never really saw any combat in the war, because did not want her to think I was a monster or a murderer. She was educated and wealthier, did not want her to think of me as a brute. When I told her did not see much conflict, she acted relieved, because she said she didn't support the war and though killing was bad. After that I never told her the truth.   I did see a lot of combat however, and I did kill people. There was constant fighting there. I don't think what I did was bad, and I never killed because of rage anger, it was always defensive, even for civilians. But there were times where I regret what I did and feel horrible for it, constantly thinking about it for hours in a day. But I cannot tell her because she thinks I did nothing in the war. We got into arguments before over why I signed up, and she hated that I was a soldier because she hated violence and thought soldiers were bad. But she was able to accept it extent because she thought I didn't fight.   In the past year we have moved to a smaller farming area and my memories and feelings about the war have gotten worse, and it really upsets me that I cannot express anything with her. I do think reddit is good place for things like this, but it is hard to talk about even here.
837	2	 So here's the deal, my friends and I made a cannabis cake containing 8g of good flower. So I kinda forgot about it and left a piece in the fridge, to my surprise I come home today and the piece is gone.  What should I tell them. Or should I tell them at all? They are anti cannabis.  Help.  Update: My father found a joint in the ash tray and I just said it's from my friends. He said that cannabis is a shit drug and doesn't want me to smoke this "shit". Well if he would know that he just had a piece of "shit" cake...  Update 2: My father is going around our house with a candle and Christian church songs. I'm holding my laugh back  Update 3: My mom just made burgers for us and my dad never ate a single one apart from those like from McDonald's (2 times). He said that it's the most delicious thing he has ever eaten.  &amp;#x200B;  TL:DR: my parents ate my cannabis infused cake and my father is having a good time
281	1	In the dorm I live in at university, theres only a couple washers and dryers. As a result, the machines are usually occupied.  I was doing my laundry and put my clothes into the dryer. The dryer has a timer for 60 mins, but I like to stop the dryer when theres 15 mins left because 45 mins is plently to dry my clothes.   So, today, I set a 45 min timer so I could pick up my clothes before the dryer ended. When I returned after 45 mins, I found that my load had been taken out of the dryer and put on top of the machine. Who ever took out my load had replaced it with their own load of laundry. It wasnt even like I was late to my load or anything. I was early. Someone took my load out with over 15 mins left on the timer. The audacity...  As a result, I was a little annoyed. My clothes were mostly dry, but still...not cool bro. So, i decided to fuck with the person who replaced my clothes with theirs.   The dryer with the persons load had 40+ mins on it. I opened the dryer machine's door and left it open, which stopped the drying process. Their clothes were still very wet. And i left the laundry room. So, when the person returned, I hope they were annoyed that their clothes werent dry after an hour.  Tl;dr: Someone took my laundry out of the dryer really early, so I got revenge by stopping their load from drying
576	1	My brother stopped by with his kids and hours later as they were leaving my niece was having trouble putting on her shoes. I was watching her and then my brother all annoyed says “uh are you gonna help her?” And I said no because I like to wait a minute to see if they can figure it out, and reminded him that I used to work at a preschool with 3-5 year olds and it’s important that they at least try the task, and if they can’t, help them.   As I was explaining this, my niece got her shoes on. He told me it’s different when you’re a parent. I’m not a parent, but I’ve worked with kids her age for a long time.   He told me that was stupid and I should have just helped her. 😳 I was shooketh because he always tells me NOT to have kids and he loves them but it’s a lot of work.   I know it’s different having a classroom of kids for 6-8 hours  vs. 24 hours a day but that wasn’t nice. It was like he thought I was stupid or something and I was just trying to help. 🥺  I’m thinking he said that bc it was taking too long and he was tired but it’s bothering me. Like let the kid figure it out and intervene if you have to.   What do you think?
209	1	I may get downvoted for this but here goes. My husband loves IPA beer but it makes him smell so bad it's not even funny. It just reeks out his pores and will actually make our sheets and his pillow case smell bad. It also really doesn't matter what brand or how high quality it is, whatever is in IPA doesn't mix with his body chemistry.   His favorite beer by far is from a local brewpub. I'd say he was drinking about 3/4 growlers of their IPA a week. I finally couldn't take it anymore so one day at lunch I went in and asked to speak with the owner. He is a very super cool guy and he said that he also can't stand IPAs because it's the reason so many bad breweries have been able to open because they take very little skill to make and people often cover up mistakes with the intense flavors. So he and I worked out a deal that any time my husband came in, he and is workers would tell him they were out of IPA but they would offer him a more traditional lager at a discount. Our hope was that eventually he'd lose the taste for IPA and stop stinking up our house. I even offered to work out a deal with the owner that I pay him whatever he was losing in the discount and he told me not to worry about it.   So it's actually worked. I've tricked my husband's taste buds into liking lighter beer and he seems to be past the disgusting IPA stage and he smells way better.   Suck it shit beer.
610	1	Cat is 18, he's tired and doesn't want to play, I pay for his upkeep, I go over to feed him, I go over to give him water, and in exchange, Edith keeps him company. She reads to him and he sits in her lap. I love Cat, don't get me wrong, but I've loved him for 18 years and he knows it, there's someone who needs him more though and I work in medicine during the day and my residency is tough, I'm in obstetrics and I'm not at home often to give Cat the interaction that he needs and when I am home, I study and do chores.   Edith is in her late 80s, her husband died a few years ago and she's lonely. I don't think isolation has suited her well and so I went ahead and brought Cat to her because she really has no one. Cat was going over to her house anyway and so I thought I'd offer him to her during the day. She reads aloud her library books to him, he sleeps, and she thinks he's a reincarnation of her husband. Cat also answers to Klaus so that's a bonus and he seems to enjoy when Edith speaks him in German (because she thinks he's her husband).   My roommate has taken real offense to the fact that Cat has been reassigned, apparently it's abusive, I'm abandoning Cat, and she needs him more. She's taken Cat as her emotional support animal but he literally leaves on his own. My roommate made a whole long post on Facebook about how I'm abandoning Cat and destroying her mental health by taking away her emotional support animal and how I'm a horrible ghastly bitch. I'm of the opinion that Cat is literally MY cat and he needs to be with someone who has no real interaction and is suffering deeply.   Please settle this, AITA?
933	1	Every once in a while some really rude people come to my work, they’re either rude to me or a coworker I’m working with. Then they ask if we have student/military/senior discounts. I straight up tell them no.  Discounts in general are ridiculous to me (why do you get a discount because you’re old?) but you definitely don’t deserve one when you’re being a jerk.   One event I remember in particular is an older woman telling her granddaughter “don’t talk to the help” when her granddaughter was talking to my coworker. Then this woman had the gall to ask for a senior discount, I told her no even though we have one.
726	3	I know you scroll Reddit but I doubt you'll ever see this.  I'm sorry about what I did. What I said. How I acted. It was wrong and I still feel like shit about all of it. Truth is I was angry and confused.... My whole world was crumbling and I didn't know why. I know we're not friends anymore.... But I'm still haunted by what I said.... You're a really cool fucking guy, and I wish I still had you in my life.  If you see this... Man I dunno. I'm not expecting you to forgive me.... Or even care about this. I just needed to get this out...  I'm sorry I was a toxic asshole.  Max-
48	1	Last year my dad bought a nintendo switch for,his girlfriends kid, and mario kart with it. He played it once and never again, it stayed in the same spot collecting dust for a year. Since the new Pokémon games are coming out in a few weeks and i don't have the money for a console I just took his. Its been a few days and he hasn't even noticed. I'm pretty sure he forgot he had one in the first place
986	3	Been staying with my boyfriend for awhile. COVID hit. My parents started freaking out more than normal, so I went home to deal with it as placation.  Now my boyfriend is grumpy about being long distance since he feels abandoned and wasn't ready for an LDR. I'm also in a complicated headspace being back home with my abusers as well, so the whole situation is a bit crap. We both have depression so this is hard on us both, but I feel like I'm being blamed for making a quick decision (definitely influenced by trauma and ongoing victimization, I know that and I'm working on it) and not knowing what the timeline is to seeing him again.  He keeps offering the possibility of picking me up (we've been in isolation for a while so it would probably be fine) but that would cause my parents to flip out on me and possibly take it out on my siblings. Which makes him feel like I care more about my family than I do about him.  At the same time, we haven't video chatted much since he finds it too sad to see me through the screen, which has made the last month all the more alienating. I thought we'd be able to handle this, but now I just feel guilty for not staying (would honestly have stayed with him if I had a do-over).  AITB?
338	1	Backstory: My wife is coming back from a four day business trip. Her flight is just under three hours, and she will be landing around 12:30 AM. Airport is about 30 mins away from our home. She generally hates flying in this late, and asked if I could come pick her up from the airport.  &amp;nbsp;  If it were a normal time I would have no issues whatsoever picking her up, but I have to get up early and commute to work the next morning, and wouldn’t be getting home until 1-1:30 AM. I get why she wants me to come, but I feel like she’d be completely fine just taking an Uber in this case. Am I being an asshole here Reddit?
582	2	I have my own business as a printer. I have fancy printing machines and usually my clients email me art work and all I have to do is print it and make sure I deliver on time.  The covid situation  has been tough and I could use extra cash.   One of my clients emailed me some art work and before I printed it, I noticed there was a mistake made on it. His graphics designer had forgotten to add important info on the design. I provided a sample, well knowing that there was an omission  ( equivalent to a typo) but the client still went ahead and approved the sample before I could go into batch production .  Instead of me giving him the heads up, I went ahead and printed it out, knowing very well that he would eventually see the omission made and ask for a reprint , which  obviously means more money for me since it wasn't my fault that his designer fucked up.  Well , this was 2 days ago and today he just called me and sent edits to his design and said his designer fucked up. It's a situation I could have easily prevented , and uncharacteristic of me, because I knew it would result into another order which meant more money for me , I let it happen.  I thought I would feel like shit, but the prospect of more money for me has made me feel rather good instead.   My actual confession is not that I didn't let my client know of the error, but rather that I don't feel as bad as I should.
156	3	So today I fucked up a bit.  My grandparents speak two languages: Meänkieli, which is a minority language very similar to Finnish, and Swedish. They never taught my mom and her siblings Meänkieli, which I always thought was very sad - but when my grandparents grew up it was a different time. They were punished for speaking it in school, and never saw the point in teaching it to their kids. Today there's only about 60.000 people who speak Meänkieli in Sweden.  Recently I've started studying languages. I brushed up on my school Spanish and am learning German as well. And I thought "hey, it would be cool to learn a bit of Meänkieli so I could speak to my grandparents in their own language!" So I have looked up and tried to memorize a few common phrases. It's hard to find any sources where they are speaking it, so far I've only found the words in written form.  I haven't told my mom or my grandparents that I've started to study Meänkieli. But today I was speaking to my grandmother over the phone, and decided to end the call with a word in Meänkieli. So I said:  "Kuulema."  Silence. Then she asked me if I knew what it meant. I said "yeah, it means 'talk to you later.'" And she said "No, that's '*Kuulema*.' You pronounced it '*Kuolema*' which means death."  I immediately started apologizing. It was just... I wanted it to be a nice moment, to let my grandparents know I want to keep their language alive, and instead it got super awkward.   TL;DR: Tried to tell my grandmother "talk to you later" in her language, said "death" to her instead. Yeah it was the first word I said to her in her native language.
693	2	I’m 7 months pregnant and I can’t reach the top shelves in our cupboards without standing on a chair. I wanted to make a snack but I couldn’t reach one of the ingredients to make it and climbing on a chair at this point is both difficult and not something my husband wants me to do. I went to ask my husband if he could get it for me but he was on an important work call so he told me to wait 5 minutes.  5 minutes turned into 30 and by that time he had to be in a meeting which lasted over an hour. I got impatient and I was hungry so I decided to just climb on the chair and get it myself. I was just grabbing it when my husband walked in and asked me what the hell I was doing. I didn’t hear him approaching so his voice scared me and I almost fell off the chair.   He tried to use it as justification for why I shouldn’t have been on the chair in the first place but I told him it was his fault because if he hadn’t scared me I never would’ve almost fallen. I also said it was his fault because he hadn’t got it for me when I asked and he said he was sorry but he had a meeting. I asked him what the point of being the boss was if he couldn’t be 30 seconds late to help his pregnant wife quickly, which in hindsight was a petty thing to say. This really upset him and he told me not to blame him and that I shouldn’t have used the chair in the first place since we had already agreed I wouldn’t. He also told me not to do it again.  AITA?
863	1	When I first met this girl, she told me she liked Lord of the Rings. When we were talking about how we both hadn't watched LOTR in a long time, we both agreed that it would be fun to watch it together. At this point in our conversation, I excused myself to go to the restroom and while there ordered the LOTR trilogy extended edition on Amazon. When I got back I proceeded to brag about how I owned the extended editions and that we should watch them sometime. In my defense, this girl was really cute and I thought it would be fun to cuddle while watching a movie we both enjoyed.  Then about a year and a half later, I married her. I still haven't told her the story behind why I bought those movies.
791	2	I met a girl on tinder on Sunday night. My general strategy is to essentially say hello and then go on a date as soon as possible. We went on a coffee date yesterday afternoon. She's in college so we talked about her major and stuff and then I asked her if she worked. She told me that she is a prostitute. I started laughing because I thought she was joking but it was clear that she didn't find it funny. I asked if she was on the job at that moment and she assured me that she wasn't but the whole situation was so odd and I was pissing myself laughing. She was visibly upset at the way I was acting but I couldn't help myself. I got really nervous and cracked a few jokes about it. But it was getting uncomfortable so I just sculled my coffee, wished her a good evening and then got out of there. I spent half of last night pissing myself laughing at the whole situation.  I know it was a little mean but fucking hell. Just casually telling a guy you're a prostitute while you're on a date? Like I'm going to date you while you're being paid to fuck other guys? I just found the whole thing so hilarious. My apologies to the girl, but I couldn't help myself.   [No Regrets]
573	2	I'm a 33 y/o psychologist and hypnotherapist who has helped countless adults with depression and children as well. One child, let's call him Jack, 6 years old, would call me Hopey (my name is Hope. Ironic, isn't it?) and suffered from crippling PTSD after witnessing his father getting murdered.  We spent 4 months in therapy and I was certain we were making progress, but he suddenly relapsed to his old, super quiet, stress ridden, mentally crippled self. His mother lashed out at me calling me a line of names and profanities, saying that they wasted money and time, and is now taking him to see someone else.  I have since offered them a 50% refund, which she declined. I asked to know about the boy, which was also rudely declined. This is keeping me up at nights and I needed to vent. Thank you for reading, kind stranger.
242	1	I live in an older apartment building and our laundry room consists of two washers and two dryers. These machines are the old-school add a dollar in quarters to start type. What people don’t know is the receptor that catches quarters after the machines are started is always unlocked and you can take your quarters back anytime. Found this out a week or so ago and to date I’ve made around 30 dollars and done my laundry absolutely free.
993	2	My boyfriend turned 23 last week and I told him I’d make his cake since I love to bake. I made a three layer chocolate fudge cake with his fav chocolate on top and then for an extra nice part - a small bottle of Grey Goose Vodka on the top. It looked SO nice and I was very excited to make it for him. He loved it so much and he gave me a big hug. He asked for the cake but I added the extra stuff on top.   He obviously didn’t have a problem with the cake - but his mom and aunts did. Apparently, his cousins started a small online cupcake and baking business where they make like boxes of goodies and cake pops and give it to people for their birthday. They planned on giving him one for his birthday for free so they could promote their business.  So they were upset I made him a cake because I “should have known” they were going to make him something. So they told me I was basically stealing their thunder and shouldn’t have made a cake. But the thing is...I didn’t even think of their business. I just like to bake lol and he’s my boyfriend so why would I not do something for him? I’m not trying to “steal their thunder” and to be fair, it’s a relatives birthday not a business deal. They’re upset because me making this cake, forced him to focus on the cake and not on their box of cake pops and stuff for their business.  So now they’re telling my boyfriend that I overstepped them. And that I should ask before I do something like that again. Is it really that serious? Like because his cousins do baking I therefore cannot bake something for my boyfriend?  Edit: 3 layers but not like tiers as in a wedding cake lol it was just 3 layers
789	2	My husband walked into the house right after I walked out of the bathroom. I just finished taking the dump of my life and I walked out pretty proud of myself. That's when my husband said "what the fuck it's that smell" I said maybe it's one of the kids??   and then he began to gag. He smelt the babies bums to see if they were stinky..no. He smelt the garbage...no.   So I said how odd? Maybe there is a forgotten diaper laying around but I do not smell anything?   I then helped him for 20 minutes trying to find the non existent diaper.   It bothers him to this day. At this point in my life, I have birthed two kids, pissed myself infront of my husband (whole other embarrassing story) ...I needed this... the only dignity I have left are my shits.  Honey if you are reading this... I am sorry. But you dont exactly shit rainbows either
981	2	I (19 y/o) are going to a vacation and we're going to sleep on a hotel for just one night. My parent wanted to save some money and said that we may have to share a bed if the hotel doesn't have two beds in the room or if an extra bed makes the booking more expensive. I said I could pay for my own bed or my own room. I've my own money. My parent agreed, so I paid for myself - but my parent said it was a bit sad that I got a problem with that and that I didn't want to share bed even if it meant saving some money. It was all about one night, so it may have seemed like I made a big deal of it saying I could pay for myself. My parent also thought it was sad I'm not as close anymore. We're still talking on a daily basis, doing something together in our sparetime (E.g. shopping), having a great parent-child relationship and all that - but I'm less "touchy" than I was before. I don't know what the English word for that is, but I hope you understand what I mean. I'm more of a "wanting to be independent" kinda type than I used to be. I still hug, but it's not anything more than that. I've definitively changed with age.  I said I liked having some personal space as my explanation, but my parent doesn't know that I would only share a bed with my potential future wife and that sharing it with someone else than a wife doesn't feel right to me.  Edit: Now we've ordered a hotel room, but I paid for an extra bed. It's not necessarily about having an own room, but it's about having an own bed. If the hotel have two beds like we ordered, we would go for that. If they didn't have it, I will opt for a different room that has an own bed.
499	2	Over my birthday, throughout four different locations (clubs, bars, etc.) when the time came for the bill and I would reach for it out of courtesy, no one really fought me or offered to pay instead. Not even my boyfriend who was out with us. Bounced around a bit, of course tipsy from drinking, I would do my courtesy reach and I still ended up footing the bill at every location. I think I intoxicatedly racked up about $300 worth of charges for myself, my boyfriend, and some friends.   For reference, this past year, I took out my boyfriend to an expensive dinner, decorated, and even bought him a super thought out gift.  But it seems now that my birthday comes around, all I really got from him was a bouquet of generic grocery store daisies. No card, or special decorations, or anything that felt like he really put any effort or thought into things.   I know I make a little bit more than him, but was I expecting too much for him to have done the same or similar for me? He played babysitter of me that night but otherwise, that’s pretty much it.  So am I just being an unappreciative ass?
108	1	This is my first post on here so sorry for the formatting etc   Okay so I’m a barista and there’s a regular who only orders through the drive through and it’s always the same drink. Well, every time he orders we ask “anything else?” And he replies “a beautiful smile from a beautiful girl.”   This makes me very uncomfortable because I’ve had older men before say things to me while working here. As I was cashing him out he told me he wasn’t leaving without a smile. I told him I’m not comfortable with that and he replied, “it’s just a smile.” I didn’t say anything after that but I told him to have a great day.   Am i the asshole for telling him that? All the other female baristas feel the same but don’t say anything to him about it. Btw I’m very friendly with all the customers but if you try to force me to smile I’m not going to be very friendly.
768	2	My fiancé and I recently moved to a larger house and decided to throw a housewarming party for our friends and family once we got settled in (Covid cases are down in our area and everyone we invited has been vaxxed). The party is planned for this weekend and around 15 people will be coming.  We sent out invites 3 weeks ago to give people ample time to prepare. One of my best friends, Jill was really excited and immediately said she'd be there. Backstory: Jill has two dogs--they are sweet animals but completely untrained and not  very socialized as she got them during Covid.  Jill called me last night and said that her dog-sitting plans fell through, and she has no one to look after the boys during the party. She asked if she could bring them along. I immediately said no. It's a new place with strange people, they are not housetrained (I've been over to her place before and there's always dog shit/piss on the floor). We have a very small backyard with a garden I've been cultivating and I don't want the dogs ripping it up (and for all I know some of the plants may be poisonous to dogs).  Jill got angry and pointed out that my sister would be bringing her toddler. I said that was completely different. Jill disagrees and is now saying I'm excluding her last minute because she has dogs and I don't care about them and their happiness. That's not my thinking at all. I believe the dogs are Jill's priority and that she needs to stay with them if she can't find anyone else.
840	3	A few weeks ago I was folding my laundry when I noticed one of my good socks had the remnants of a tide pod stuck to it. I, being lazy and not wanting to throw away this precious sock, decided to throw it in the drawer and deal with it later. Fast forward a few weeks and I need some socks to go to work. I look at the tide sock. Most of the detergent has dried up. I think about all the good times I've had with this sock and say fuck it I'll wear it today. All my other socks are thin and stupid but this sock knows whats going on.   I work the drive thru at Chick-fil-A and we do the whole order takers outside thing. So I was on my feet for a good majority of my shift in the hot sun.  I had about twenty minutes left of my shift when I started to realize my foot was really hurting. Kind of stinging. But not the bottom of my foot like I'd stepped on something, but the top of my foot?? I was really perplexed and walking was getting a bit more difficult. When I got home, I took off my shoes and peeled off the tide sock. Immediately I put two and two together. My poor foot had been scrapping up against these detergent chemicals for hours. I felt like my foot was burning away. Now its starting to scab up, a constant reminder of my stupidity. I've been referring to it as my acid foot for now.   I have an eight hour shift today and I think I'm just gonna put a big ole honkin band-aid over this thing.   [acid foot](https://imgur.com/a/7yfOXe1)  TLDR: Dont eat, or wear tide pods.
932	1	I’m an airline pilot in southwest Florida.   My sister lives in PA. She and I are pretty close.   About a month ago, she wanted to use my buddy passes to take a vacation from pa to Fort Lauderdale (about 2.5 hours from where I live). I said no problem.  She also wanted buddy passes for her new boyfriend, someone I’ve never met or heard of as well. I reluctantly said okay. I have a finite amount of these things and giving them out is a big deal. Nevertheless I relented. I assumed, perhaps incorrectly that at least dinner with me was a given. However soon as I booked these passes for them, suddenly she was all “idk what’s going on yet” and “I’m not sure” and “yeah I’ll try” and “I can’t tell you yes to that yet” Now I’ve done enough online dating to know that when any female gives you lines like that, she has no intentions of seeing you. When I called her out on this, she started throwing out excuses like “this guy is super new and I’m not sure if I’m ready for him to meet family” to which I countered A: you’re not ready for him to meet family but you’re ready to take a vacation with him to florida...? And B: so leave him in the hotel for an hour. All I’m asking for is dinner. I’m even offering to make the 2.5 hour drive out to FLL for her!   Am I the asshole for being pissed she’s using my flight benefits and then not seeing me?  Or is it really not a big deal?   Bonus points if you’re a pilot or flight attendant and know how it is to book someone discounted tickets.  Thanks in advance.
301	3	Happened yesterday... My daughter is 2 (well, will be at the weekend). For Christmas, she got a wooden kitchen and has been enjoying lots of pretend play; cooking, washing up, all the shit you do in the kitchen.   We’ve been encouraging her to wash her hands regularly in readiness for potty training, and yesterday she was using her pretend ketchup bottle as soap and washing her hands in her little sink. This soon became washing mummy’s hands.   I was merrily stretched out on the floor having a chilled 5 minutes while she occupied herself running to the sink and ‘getting some water’ then coming back to wash my hands. Then she decided to wash my feet. My tickle reflex booted in and I kicked her right in the face, really fucking hard. Luckily it hasn’t bruised but we had lots of tears and she had a big red patch in the middle of her forehead.   Mother of the year right here but I guess it could have been much worse!  TL;DR - daughter was pretending to wash my feet and it tickled me so I booted her square in the face.   Edit: It’s remarkable how many people thought it was her dad as they read this. &lt;Insert something poignant about sexism / gender roles here&gt;
387	2	She was never able to tell me the truth, while I was growing up. She was a teenager and didn't have the first clue on how to raise a child.  Instead of telling me the truth, she told me that God was my father. I accepted that as fact, without hesitation. She was not religious, so I wasn't exposed to a strict dogma at that age.  When I was 5 or 6, I started hearing about this Jesus character. And how he was the son of God. I became jealous and resentful over the next few years, as to why my father wouldn't even talk to me. I would even purposely hurt myself, in hopes that my cries would somehow get his attention.   I was jealous of Jesus.  Fast forward to when I was 13. I had already gathered by that point that God the creator wasn't my biological father and that I wasn't his bastard son. She sat me down one day to tell me what had actually happened to her.  I'm 26 now, married with 3 children. I've decided that I want to go on an adventure, of finding my biological father. This is where my confession comes in.  I am terrified of finding him.
491	1	Link to previous post: [https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/diwxpg/tifu\_by\_coming\_home\_for\_lunch\_and\_giving\_my/](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/diwxpg/tifu_by_coming_home_for_lunch_and_giving_my/)  I wasn't expecting to make an update post when I posted the first story, but it blew up a bit so I'm here with a small (happy!) update.  First, I took the advice on my last post and sent my girlfriend to a spa to get all sorts of stuff done, including a manicure, as an apology.  My girlfriend's eyes healed fairly quickly so I put my plan into motion yesterday. I took her to dinner at our favorite fancy restaurant and got down on one knee while we were waiting for our dessert. She was very excited and said yes before I could even ask :) The waiter took some really beautiful pictures of it and I'm so glad I waited until her eyes healed because she was really excited to show the pics to our families. Then I took her to her mom's house for a little engagement celebration. I'm pretty sure she knew it was coming when I sent her to the spa, but she pretended to be surprised. It was a really great night, and thankfully I didn't ruin it completely with my fuck up last week!  tl;dr gave my girlfriend 2 black eyes, proposed after they healed, now she's my fiancee!
919	1	Every year on our anniversary, my fiance and I wake up early to go to the beach and watch the sunrise together. It's a very special tradition, as we have both overcome a number of personal challenges during our time together, and the symbolism of watching a new day begin is deeply meaningful for us.   We decided we wanted to incorporate this into our wedding. Our plan is to have our ceremony on the beach the and have everyone walk over to a beachfront restaurant for breakfast, bloody Marys and mimosas (we've already talked to the restaurant owner about this, who loves the idea and said he'd be happy to open early for us). After that, everyone is free for the remainder of the day. Our friends and family are mostly local and should all be able to travel to the beach in under an hour, except for some extended family flying in from Canada, but that's unavoidable.  Based on our geographic location and the date of the wedding next summer, we've scheduled the ceremony start time for 5:30 a.m., when there should be plenty of light but the sun itself won't be quite visible yet.  We've been getting a LOT of backlash from our families about this, who say this is way too early and we need to move the ceremony to a more "normal" time of day. But my fiance and I don't feel like we're asking for anything that unreasonable. AITA?
50	2	Today was supposed to be such an exciting day, I saved up $2k for a nice new TV and while I was taking it out of the box I  started to stand it up when I noticed that it was wedged under the corner of the couch (picking up the couch while I was tilting up the TV). even when the tv is off you can see that the panel is damaged. I am not proud of it but I called the company that I purchased and had it delivered by and said the panel was defective. I am sorry Big Box company, hopefully they have insurance that covers "shipping damage"? I know it was wrong and I feel bad. luckily it was a pretty no questions asked return, I hope they don't inspect it too hard when it gets back.
217	3	Obviously this happened a LONG *LONG* time ago.  I went with my grandparents to air shows as a kid to see the Blue Angels fly around. I was very fascinated with all of the military stuff and the war planes growing up since my grandfather used to work at an airforce museum.   At one of these air shows my grandpa bought a dud grenade with its core drilled out at a souvenir tent. Being the dumb giddy kid I was I wanted to show my friends immediately so I threw it in my bag before school the next day and wanted to show everyone this neat thing I found at this cool air show I went to over the weekend.   Unfortunately for 7 year old me, having a last name towards the end of the alphabet I was last to go and by the time I was supposed to go up our bell rang for recess. I was bummed out but whatever, I showed them at recess.  Later that day when I got home and was unpacking my  homework folders and stuff onto the dining room table my mother looks over from the couch and watches her 7 year old kid pull out a grenade from his Thomas the Tank Engine backpack.   Needless to say I had a VERY intense conversation with my mom and dad about how bad things could've turned out. My grandpa got his paperweight back along with an ear full from my mother.  Now, somehow, I'm a functioning adult; sans terrorism charges.  TL;DR: Brought an air show souvenir to show and tell and by dumb luck got away with it. Getting an earful from my parents
888	1	When my wife \[32F\] and I got married I \[32M\] 8 years ago, she made about 15K more per year than I did. Our agreement at that time was that we'd keep separate checking accounts plus a joint for household expenses, with the understanding that money left over after contributions to household expenses, savings, retirement, etc. would be put in the separate accounts and we could spend it how we wanted. My wife was the one who insisted on this, and although I was not a fan (wanted joint accounts for all funds), I agreed since she felt strongly about it.   &amp;#x200B;  A few years after we married I decided to go to law school. Long story short, I ended up at a big law firm and now earn about four times what my wife does. Since I managed not to go into debt, I have a good bit of money left over after I make my contributions to our joint expenses.   &amp;#x200B;  My wife  asked me to reconsider this arrangement (she doesn't feel like its fair that I get to buy most of the things I want while she is on a much more limited budget), and I told her I would not reconsider it since this is what she wanted originally. I think fair is fair since this was her idea, but I do wonder if  I am wrong for refusing to reconsider our financial arrangement?  &amp;#x200B;  AITA?
74	1	 So I (22F) work at a big law firm as a Paralegal. My colleague (30F) is also a paralegal. We’ve both been working there for 2 years. She can be dramatic and gossip-y but other than that she’s good at what she does.   She started treating me different ever since my proposal to go part-time got accepted by the executive (due to studies). A lawyer that I’m close with even told me that my colleague said that I suck up to the lawyers (idk how true this is. maybe it was just a misunderstanding? I’m just kind to everyone).   So she got accepted in a different job last week and she’ll be leaving soon. We’re all contributing to get her a farewell gift and she really wants this expensive make up set from Sephora (she can’t afford expensive make up because she lives paycheck to paycheck) .Well this week I found out that she blocked me on Facebook for no apparent reason. I thought two can play at that game. The next day at work, I took back my $30 contribution towards her gift and we’re now short on her make up set.   Hey Kate, you’re getting a gift card to a department store instead.
126	3	I guess this is three decades in the making but I only discovered it Saturday, so it feels like a very fresh FU.  This weekend I was eating a sandwich with some extra sharp parmigiano-reggiano cheese flakes on it and I made the comment over voice chat with my friends that it was so good but so sharp it was tearing up my mouth. I had a momentary pause before a chorus of puzzled friends chimed in at the same time to ask me to elaborate.  "You know, it's extra sharp. It really cuts and burns my gums and the roof of my mouth."  And that's when my friends informed me that none of them have this reaction, and futhermore, *no one* has this reaction. I hear several keyboards going at once with people having alt-tabbed to google around and our best webmd-style guess is that I have an allergic reaction to some histamines common in sharp cheeses, and that I've had this reaction for *thirty years*, and that I always assumed *everyone* had it.   "What the hell do you mean when you call it a *sharp* cheese if THAT'S not what you're talking about?!"  I figured the mild-sharp spectrum for cheeses was like the mild-hot spectrum for spicy foods. I love spicy foods. I love sharp cheeses. I thought they were the same kind of thing where they were supposed to hurt you a little bit. Apparently "sharp" just means "flavorful" or "tangy."  TL;DR: I have an allergy to some cheese protein and for 30 years I've been thinking that sharp cheese is supposed to sting.
566	2	Valentine’s Day isn’t a big deal too me, I see it as more of a commercial sort of holiday for stores to profit.   Anyway I suggested that this year my partner and I do something together or make something for each other. Just simple and low key.  I made him a roast dinner and his favorite flavor cheesecake.  He gave me a $100 note.  I said no thank you, and that I didn’t need his money and maybe we could just watch a movie of my choice or something instead. I was nice about it despite thinking it was a bit insulting. He insisted I take it. In the end he just put it in my wallet.  I didn’t argue because I didn’t want to hurt his feelings.  We had a nice evening.  The next morning I woke up and he had taken the money back...   So I am super confused and text him to ask if he took it in case one of the kids did, he replied that “yeah I need it”. Which is fine, I never wanted it in the first place but I’m hurt that he did that just because he couldn’t be bothered doing anything else, and then just took it back the next morning.   I guess I’m just a bit miffed.
263	2	This happened awhile ago, but I was once matched with a guy on SweetRing. After we agreed to meet up, he looks completely different than his profile pic and that was already a red flag for me. Then during the dinner, he kept talking about his job, which I got bored right away and I had no chance to jump in to say anything. I excused myself to the restroom and paid our waiter 20 bucks to accidentally spill drinks on my skirt, so I can have an excuse to go home. Even though I felt bad, but I was really uncomfortable during the whole dinner.
718	1	I have friends who keep referring to their children's daycares as "school". These daycares go so far as to issue "report cards" (daily feedback) for INFANTS. While I understand it is done tongue-in-cheek, it grinds my gears, and I wanna go off on everyone. Biiiii****, stop this madness. All babies learn, whether sitting in a daycare or at home. Stop pushing our children further and further into the "rigorous education" machine. Emphasize play based learning. Stop making babies learn SIGHT WORDs. It might be "cute" saying your babies are in "school", but it feeds the problem we're facing right now, where we overwork our children, turning them into stressed out, regurgitative robots. We are pushing our kids into formal education earlier and earlier, and giving them more and more homework, to their detriment. Studies have shown children who start kindergarten at a later age have lower rates of attention disorders. Can I just tell them all to knock it the F off?!
597	3	Original post - [https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/q160l5/tifu\_by\_standing\_up\_a\_girl\_on\_the\_first\_date/](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/q160l5/tifu_by_standing_up_a_girl_on_the_first_date/)     Original post tldr -  set up date, said I (21m) was on the way to meet her (20f) when family emergency diverted me  last moment, phone died and couldn't tell her I wouldn't make it,  blocked when I got home 1.5 hours after the date.     Development that transpired in the comments - I used a friends messenger account to try to contact her, but facebook went down and my friend went to sleep before we reached a resolution.     &amp;#x200B;  UPDATE:     She responded to my friends message on messenger! He texted me that she said hey and would talk to me, she unblocked me on fb and we messaged for a bit, she pretty much laid out that she thinks I did everything wrong and that I was a waste of her time, and that she didn't want to date someone who would blow her off for their parents. I told her I understand and I'm still sorry for how it panned out, I sort of regret trying to save her self esteem by explaining that it wasn't anything she did at all, but I'm not vengeful so I just left it cordial and called it quits. I'm blocked again. :D     TLDR: Single af, dying alone for certain.     Sorry that this was a short one, didn't  mean to disappoint you guys, no "and then they kissed" after all.
670	1	Ever since I started this job my manager has been asking me to cover or switch shifts 1-2 times a week. This is because there are a few people in my department that consistently don’t show up for work. Since I live approximately one hour away from my workplace, working unexpectedly puts a huge strain on my daily schedule and is extremely inconvenient  for me, leading me to refusing to constantly cover shifts. Today my manager confronted me about this. In my opinion, my duty is to show up for my shift when I am scheduled and not to do anything further. Other people not showing up is their problem and not mine.
310	2	This happened yesterday, of course. I have 4 dogs, but the one in this story is a 1 year old bulldog who weighs about 60 pounds. Bella is a curious dog, and she spends a lot of time looking out the window. So when the eclipse was about to begin, I closed the curtains in order to prevent having another blind dog, and all was well.  That's when a small crowd a couple houses down starts cheering as the moon passes the sun. Bella's ears perk up and she starts to sprint towards the couch so she can look out the window. I spring into action and snatch her up. She excitedly swings her legs around and clocks me right across the face with her freshly clipped nails. Ouch. Now I have 2 slash marks across my face. Thanks Bella. That wasn't enough for the bloodlusted pup, as she then kicked me right in the balls with a vicious stomp. More ouch.  In hindsight I realize she probably wouldn't have even looked at the sun...  Edit: I realized how stupid this was about 3 seconds after I did it. No need to remind me.  Edit2: TIFU by posting to TIFU.  Edit3: TIL reddit is mean, thanks for showing love to the nice users.  Edit:4 Gold? WHAT? THANK YOU MYSTERIOUS MAN!    Tl:dr, stopped my dog from going blind, dog assaulted me.
804	2	My father's health hasn't been great and I've been looking after him for the past year. He has grown fond of Wendy's Dave's Single cheeseburgers during this time. I noticed that the square patty from burger leaves four corners of burger outside the bun. I have instituted a policy to eat these four protruding corners before giving them to my father and he is now convinced Wendy's has switched to circular burger patties.   I'm not proud of this, but I do appreciate the numerous additonal nibbles of cheeseburger.   I have also inverted this tactic with his morning sausage patties, which are round. I will cut off the four edges with a spatula, so he is now also convinced that sausage patties are square instead of round.
878	3	 Obligatory this didn't happen today, but a couple of weeks ago.   So I sometimes drive for ride share companies to make extra cash and keep me off of the couch. I live in a touristy area that booms during summer months and vacation rental homes are common... So common that I sometimes do pick-ups and drop-offs at the same homes for different people week to week and family/friend groups of people renting the homes are the norm.   One particular day I dropped a guy off at a beautiful home near the beach, that I had picked a guy up from just an hour or two prior. So as we arrive I mention this to the rider:  Me - Hey I just picked one of your buddys up from here about an hour ago  Rider- No, must be the wrong house  Me- Nope, he walked right out of that side door. I dropped him off at *names local bar* His girlfriend is still in there though, she stayed behind. (I had seen her kiss him goodbye at the door, but didn't mention this to the rider) You guys having a family/friend vacation?  Rider- This is a family owned home, it's been in my family for years and we don't rent it out. Nobody lives here but me and my wife and I've been in NY for work for the past 4 days.   Awkward silence as we both come to the realization.   He got out and I drove away scolding myself for having such a big mouth.   TLDR- I may have ruined a marriage by trying to make small talk with my big mouth
849	1	When i was 16, i had a huge crush on this guy "Tony" in my school. He asked me out to homecoming and we went on one date after that, then he ghosted me. I suppose it was for the best because i found out later that i was the 4th girl he asked to homecoming, the first 3 said no, and on the way to our date he said some really racist crap. Fast forward a few years later, we're 19 and im working at an Italian restaurant during the summer to save for my sophomore year abroad. Tony comes in and sees me working, we catch up. I tell him why I'm saving up money, he tells me he thinks anyone who wants to leave our town is stupid. Then before Tony goes to get his pick up order, i run to the back and tell them to "forget" his complimentary breadsticks. So long story short, if you're a racist jerk and you break my heart, you won't get breadsticks
581	3	My kids (5&amp;7) are in the very curious stage of life and ask a ton of questions about everything. Apparently, they asked another adult what alcohol was and why people drink it. While explaining it to them, this person thought it was a good idea to tell them the dark side of alcohol use - dependence, making regrettable decisions, and even becoming violent with ones family. As you can imagine, that last part stuck with my kids who have seen me drink before (I have maybe one drink every month or two).  They told me all this while I was having a beer, and me being the responsible, loving father I am knew what to do. I took a sip of my beer, started yelling "alcohollll" and play hitting them. They laughed, and I calmly explained to them that alcohol is okay in moderation, etc. I didn't realize until I was telling this story to a co-worker later that my kids may now tell people that Daddy drinks alcohol and screams and hits them.   TLDR- I pretended to be a violent drunk with my kids, now I'm worried child services may show up.
865	3	This happened in the wee hours of Monday morning...  Got home late from my boyfriend's. Noticed the suggestion on my Google Nest display: "Try saying, 'Hey, Google, play soothing sounds." I thought, "Yeah, I should try that some night."  Decided to take a shower. Got into the shower, started the water, and said, "Hey, Google, play soothing sounds," thinking I could have a nice, low-key, soothing shower before bed. You know how it usually responds with, "OK, playing soothing sounds on Spotify" or whatever? Well, this time it just jumped into the "soothing sounds" with no intro. And it sounded like, "SHHHHHH... SHHHHHH... SHHHHH..."  I never thought Psycho was a very scary movie, but I was having my own Psycho moment in there. It sounded like someone was in the bathroom on the other side of the opaque shower curtain, shushing me - I half expected to hear, "It'll all be over soon... SHHHHH..." "HEY, GOOGLE, STOP - THAT'S CREEPY!" "Sorry, I'll \[something unintelligible\] it." "SHHHH... SHHHH... SHHHH..." NONONONONONONO!!! "HEY, GOOGLE, STOP!!"  Took several minutes to calm down from the trauma! I haven't had the guts to try it without the water running to see what it really sounds like.   TL;DR: Thought I'd have a soothing shower, but Google Home's idea of soothing differs a bit from mine. Yikes!
448	2	So I have a cat named Raven who's 3 years old.  My girlfriend of 2 years moved in with me a few weeks ago and it was clear she didn't like my cat.  I didn't think it was really a big deal until one day I got home and he was just gone. He's not an outdoor cat and he never goes outside.   He was gone for hours and I was worried sick until my buddy came to my house and returned him, saying he found him 2 blocks from my house.  I asked my girlfriend how my cat, who has never tried to go out before ended up that far from my house and she admitted to kicking him out.  I was furious, saying she had no right to kick him out and told her that since she thought she had the power to kick my cat out, I wanted her out of my house by the end of the month.  She cried that she had nowhere to go and that she would have to live on the streets. I said I didn't care and told her to leave by the end of the month.  My friends think I'm being too harsh, but my cat could have died because of her and I don't want her trying anything else.  AITA?
485	1	I've always had a fear of asking for a sign of some sort because I always thought it would be something drastic.  Going against that belief last week, I wanted to know if I should follow my dream or continue waking up M-F, at 5a, to do tedious warehouse work.  Today I got that sign.. and got laid off. Our warehouse is closing its doors on march 15th. My boss didn't even see this coming and he's been here 15+ years. This was a complete shock to everyone on the warehouse level.  Such a shock that I got a fortune cookie 2 weeks ago that said "you will see a change in employment" and threw it out (i never really purposely throw away fortune cookies) because I knew the only way that would happen is if I wanted a change. And I wasn't looking.  This is drastic!  TL;DR: asked for a sign to follow my dream and got one. Got laid off.
419	1	My cousin is getting this married this week and I am one his groomsmen. His fiancée put everyone, including their mothers, in a group chat. His fiancée’s mom says that she wants the groomsmen to shave their faces. We all have beards but 4 out of 5 of us are bald through genetics. My beard is part of my style and it’s the only hair that I can grow so I am proud of it. She’s says it’s only hair so it’ll grow back. To me it’s more than “just hair”, so I told them that I would shave my beard if she shaved her head because after all, it’s “just hair”. AITA for refusing to shave my beard?  Edit: The bride is totally cool with beards. It’s her mother that wants us to be clean shaven.
148	1	I started recently at a new company and told a few friends about it. One friend mentioned her husband was looking for a new job too but didn’t ask me for a referral or anything. I wouldn’t have given him one anyway because we have no work related connections other than the fact our wives are friends and we hang out twice a year.  Later HR approached me and asked me about this guy and I was shocked because he put me down as a referral. I was pretty pissed he used me without asking and lied that we we were coworkers at the same job which we definitely weren’t. I told HR I don’t know him professionally at all and we are just friends though our wives and they scan hire based on their own impression of him but I wasn’t particularly. That likely prompted them to end his candidacy to which him and his wife contacted us to ask us to go back to the company’s recruiting and ask for the possibility of interviewing for another position. I told him no and that I knew he lied about our connection to get in. My wife wants me to try to get him in because she’s friends with his wife but I don’t want to especially after telling HR that we have no work relationship at all. AITA for this?
557	2	My younger brother made some wiener-wrapping mistakes with a relatively unstable girl and had a kid when he was 17. For a while, it was going fairly well and he was stepping up to the plate, until he had a particularly nasty breakup with the baby momma.  As a result, the two of them constantly try to pawn off their daughter to each other, and use her as ammunition. For example, the mother likes to stalk my brother on his days off and just drop the kid off to “get back at him” when he has dates planned. It’s gotten so bad that she has had the cops remove her from my parents property because she was standing in the front yard yelling angrily for my brother.  As a result, both of them are super bitter and have started neglecting their daughter. It’s nothing super over the top, but there’s lots of swearing in front of her, leaving her unattended, leaving her in a playpen while he plays video games for several hours, not watching her enough that she’s injured herself several times (she’s currently around 16 months).  Currently my parents have taken over most of the parenting duties, while my brother really does nothing in the house to help, and the baby momma takes the kid seemingly to take Instagram pictures and to mess with by brother.  So, one day after talking to my dad about it, I decided to just report all the incidences I’ve seen to CPS. They’ve recently stepped in, and my brother is losing it on everyone in the family. He thinks my dad did it, and it’s causing problems.  So am I the asshole for reporting? And/or am I one for staying quiet and not telling anyone I was the one who did it?
324	1	Backstory: On Xmas eve, I was at work, and my girl was waiting for me in the car. On a break I was hanging out with her and she said “I’ve been talking to (a Facebook friend) and he says you’re blessed to have me, and if anything changes to let him know”.   I told her that while the first part is a compliment, the second part is a come-on and wasn’t cool.   After work, she shows me their message history and it was a continuation of increasingly aggressive advances towards her. To the point where this douche actually says “I don’t know your bf, so I don’t owe him any respect”.   I say “give me your phone, let me handle it”, and she refused... because she didn’t want to hurt HIS feelings.   Her excuse is “I kept changing the subject, I thought he’d get the message”... but after 10 or 12 times, I’d think it’s obvious that he’s not taking no for an answer.   Am I wrong to be upset at her behavior? Or would it be a red flag for you too?
38	3	Today, in a big family gathering, and whilst I was playing with my 7 months old grand nephew, I asked his mother "how is his vaccinations going?", in which she angrily replied "I DIDN'T VACCINATE HIM, AND I REGRET VACCINATING HIS OLDER SISTER", everyone in the room gasped (oxygen level went dangerously low in the room due to that gasp), and she went on and on about the danger of vaccinations and all that BS that she read in a facebook group, her husband (my nephew) was in a complete shock and clearly was oblivious to his wife's doing ( my nephew is super busy with his new business and work 12-16 hours a day he has, or rather had, complete faith in his wife taking good care of the children). After he heard her shitty argument he asked her to talk in privet, and they went to another room "talking" about the issue. We heard a lot of shouting, screaming and name calling we were all daed silence and I felt extremely guilty. Then they both came out of the room, my nephew said " Let everyone here be my witness, if she doesn't vaccinate or allow me to vaccinate the baby then I will file for divorce" , at that moment she looked at me and said "I hope you are happy now ". I feel so bad right now and the guilt is consuming me, everyone including my husband told me they will try to mediate between them and convince her to vaccinate the kid, but all I could think of is what if the worse happens and the baby never received vaccinations and on top of that his parents divorced ????.  TL;DR Asked my nephew's wife about her baby's vaccinations, we discovered that she didn't do it and this caused a massive fight between her and her husband which might leads to a divorce.
587	2	I am on a tighter budget than usual this month because I want to buy Christmas presents for my family and a little plastic tree.  I won't have much left after paying rent and presents.  With that said, my cousin recently bought a dog and she has been telling me she can't afford food, toys for the dog, and a dog bed and asked me for the money.  She wants to get the dog spayed also.  I initially told her I would give her $20 but she is saying she needs $300.  I can afford it but I would have to not get gifts for my family.  She asks me about it several times a day, saying I should not value material things above a dog's life.  I am an animal lover and have upped my contribution to $100 but she says I have my priorities wrong.  By the way, the presents I'm getting are not expensive at all, just a pair of shoes or a new backpack so I can't go that much lower.  Is it wrong of me to want to put Christmas presents for my family above her dog, given her dog will at least have food from the money I am offering?  Thank you guys for the responses.  It has made me reconsider my feelings of guilt about giving her more money for the dog. As long as she (the dog) has food, the spaying is not an emergency.  I know it isn't my dog, but I don't want any animal to suffer, and my cousin is dead set on keeping the dog so I did feel like I should help out as much as possible to ensure the dog has a good life.  I'll be looking into low cost options around her.
439	3	Ive always been worried about something stupid like this happening, and have avoided the blunder for years. Well, last night it finally happened. Let me set the scene.   I work night security part time, and my wife will text me out of the blue, just to check up on me. Last night I happened to be particularly tired and not thinking with perfect clarity. She texted me about how she couldn't wait for me to get home. when I went to reply some time later, i hadnt noticed that I mistakenly clicked my boss instead. So I sent him this text.   ""Hey there cuty pie 😘, sounds like somebody needs a spanking, you naughty little thing you."   Well I get a text back... "Uhhh... im flattered, but no spankings on duty. Company policy."   I dang near died on the spot when I saw who texted me. XD. My boss is a cool guy, but damn if next training day isnt going to be awkward. I can only imagine his face when i woke him at 2am with that text.   TLDR: texted my boss, a 50s man, calling him a cutie pie, naughty, and said he needed a spanking. Text was ment for my wife.  Almost died of embarrassment.
410	2	So, long story short, one of my daughters is in big trouble with me at the moment. I found out at a parent/teacher meeting today that her and her friends have been bullying a girl at school. The teacher showed me a note she confiscated, and it was beyond fucked up. When I got home I told my daughter that she is grounded for the foreseeable future, and I will be taking a few days to decide what the full extent of her punishment will be.    About twenty minutes later a couple of her friends came over, and I reminded my daughter that being grounded means no visitors. She told me that they were spending the night because they all had appointments fairly early tomorrow to get their hair done for homecoming tomorrow night. I told my daughter that she's not going to homecoming, because she's grounded. She flipped out, as you would imagine. She started crying, and begging, and told me that she had already spent money on tickets and a dress, and that it wasn't fair to do this the day before the dance, and that I was punishing her date also because now he'd have to go alone.     My wife and I always back each other when it comes to disciplining the kids, so my daughter called her older sister as well as all of her aunts and both of her grandmothers, and begged all of them to talk to me about letting her go to the dance. They've been calling me saying it's unfair of me to do this the day before. I told them that the timing isn't my fault. I found out when I found out, and as soon as I found out, I told her she was grounded. It's not like I found out a week ago and then waited to spring it on her today.
53	3	So this happened to me on Sunday and I figured if nothing else it could maybe net me some useless internet points! It was morning and the wife was at work.  The kids and I were at home doing our normal Sunday routine, them playing video games and watching tv while dad cleans and does laundry.  We live in a tri-level home.  I was vacuuming the stairs from the main level to the upstairs.  I thought I was on the bottom step, but it turns out I was on the 2nd to bottom step.  I stepped down and there was no ground, so I fell.  Attempted a pretty sick spin move and tried to land on my other foot.  The added force plus the spin made my ankle roll.  What followed was one of the sickest pops I've ever heard.  Literally sounded like a gun shot.  Immediate blinding pain and the feeling that I needed to throw up.  Turns out I got a grade 2 sprain with avulsion fracture.  This means the ligaments tore away from the bone so quickly that they pulled a part of the bone out.  Now I have a stylish boot to wear for the next 6 weeks or so.    TL;DR: Vacuuming stairs, misjudged which step I was on, fell, twisted my ankle and ended up with an avulsion fracture. Send me internet points to speed my recovery
600	2	Ever since we(27) had a baby, my wife had been talking like a baby herself.   Rather than teaching the baby to talk like a person, it's as if my wife's language has become baby-like. She would make noises in between conversations like "Bo-dee-bo-dee-chooop" and "Awowo-fwatata", even when talking with adults. This is especially embarrassing when I am with her in public places, when she talks like that to complete strangers.    I have been telling nicely to her to not do that but she would just laugh it off, totally oblivious to how people around us stare whenever she talk like a baby. I have to point out that she is not in the spectrum, just a crazy new mum, in fact too crazy sometimes.   It was a day off for us when we have my parents babysitting the baby and we finally have some time by ourselves. We went out for dinner and she done it again, talking to the waiter, something like this:   "Yippy thanks ya-ha-ha-hah. Owoyoyaya by the way can you give us an extra plate for this?"   Seeing how the waiter staring at her as if she is some kind of mentality challenged. I rolled my eyes and told her:   "I am taking a break today and don't need another baby who cannot even talk properly to look after. Please excuse me."    Then I left the restaurant without her. I don't know what occurred to me but I probably shouldn't have done that, but I guess it kinda just snapped. AITA?
688	2	Throwaway to keep this post away from my normal account   My daughter (25F) and her fiancé got engaged in September last year and he proposed with his great grandma’s sapphire ring. She accepted and wore the ring until they had a disagreement over him hanging out with a female friend.   They broke up and he asked for the ring back and she wouldn’t give it back. He begged me because his grandma would have a heart attack if she found out and I asked her to give it back, no matter whatever happened between them it’s still an heirloom. She told us she pawned it and my wife and I went to every pawn shop in the city and couldn’t find it. So we told her we were paying back her ex with the money we would have used to pay back her college. She was yelling at us that he was flirting with another girl so how dare we punish her when he was cheating. She went back to the pawn shop but they had sold it.   We contacted the boy’s mother to apologize and to ask how much the ring(they have proof of the price from when the ring was bought in 1926) but they weren’t sure of the current value but we settled on $6000 since the stone was 3.8 carat. Now I think she thought we weren’t serious about making her pay until her student loans came out to be 32K so we paid 26K and left 6k for her. She has refused to speak with with us since and my wife wants to just pay the reminder of the loans and but I’m standing firm. AITA?
880	2	My roommates and I live in a Pre-war building in NYC. A lot of the amenities in general are "lacking" to say the least. So one of my roommates Kathy was having her mom and dad visit. They all were about to go onto the elevator together, now it was me Kathy and her mom and dad. Kathy and her family are on the bigger side, if I had to guess 250+ each. But Kathy never talks about her weight, nor would I ever ask. And to top it off they had an icecooler and some luggage too.   We have a creeky elevator and on it says max weight of 1000lbs on a panel inside (but I don't buy it this elevator is just creeky). When they were about to go up the elevator, I was like guys this elevator is really bad, we should do 2 trips just to be safe. Kathy and her mom just got MAD. Her mom didn't say anything but looked at me with anger. Kathy on the other hand started yelling at me. Saying that I am disgusting for shaming her and her family for their weight. I was like no, its just that you guys have so much luggage.  Kathy didn't buy it, they all got in anyways. I lied and said I had to pick up mail, I was scared of getting in. They were all able to go up just fine. And Kathy then told our other roommate that I was body shaming her and her family.
717	1	My work is having a Food Day for us, correction they are allowing us to bring in food, they do not participate any other way.  I work at a law firm, which has an unwritten strict rule about a caste system.  Every time something like this happens the attorneys never bring anything.  I have had several responses from them saying things like "We keep the lights on, we keep this place in business."  And I say "Well, we do all of the grunt work."  I know if all 100 employees actually brought in food, it would be way too much.  But I think you shouldn't partake if you don't participate.  They could at least all chip in a couple bucks for a cheese plate or pizza.  I know grocery shopping can be a pain but ordering a pizza is effortless.
244	3	It was 12 years ago, I was 7. His name was Leafy and I had him for several months. My father and I built him a special terrarium made out of an old chest. One day, I opened it up to feed him (he would only eat if I hand fed him) and he jumped directly at me. I panicked and shut the trunk immediately, but to my dismay I shut it right on him, directly on his back. Half his body was inside the trunk, half outside. It didn't cut him in half, but it definitely hurt him severely. His little iguana mouth was wide open, as if voicelessly screaming in agony. I opened the trunk and he fell back down, seemingly paralyzed.  For the next few days he would eat a little and move around, but on the third or fourth day I woke up and he was dead. My guess was that i probably tore up his insides and fatally injured his back. His last few days must've been in agony. He didn't even live that great of a life, and he was only four months old.  R.I.P Leafy
132	1	I don’t know why I do this. I don’t even like them. They are just over priced chocolates with toys. The thing is that every time I leave the US ( about once a month) I bring pack a pack. Right now I have 23 packs. It is a problem.
563	1	I was asked by a female coworker to lift something heavy in the kitchen while I was working at my desk, but when I got to the kitchen, it was filled with other women having a conversation during working hours. I was offended that she would go out of her way to ask me while I was working just because I was the nearest available man, so I refused. The other women were clearly offended by my decision and some thought I was joking, so I kept on refusing until one of the women gets fed up and lifts the dang thing with ease. I thought one of them should have done it in the first place.  Am I the asshole?
220	1	I (23M) live in a house share with 6 others. 2 other guys and 3 girls, we're all the same age.  Now one of the housemates, we'll call Cliff (23M). I call him Cliff because he reminds me heavily of Brad Pitt's character in Once Upon A Time in Hollywood. Cliff is a very good looking guy, he's friendly and pretty much the poster boy for "strong silent type". He doesn't talk much and is mysterious, but he's also very confident.   The thing is, we don't see that much of him. But whenever we do, he's always bringing back a girl to the house. Like a different girl each week. He occasionally comes to the parties we host in our house and whenever he's there, people gravitate to him.   Now the three girls I live with, when they first met him, they tried to make moves on him while we were out at a nightclub and he swerved away from them and went to other girls in the club and got with them instead.  Since that day, these 3 girls have made catty remarks about him.  When we're in the kitchen (when Cliff obviously isn't there), they'll talk about how rude Cliff is, how annoying he is, etc. They were doing it yesterday so I just chimed in and said "Are you sure you're not mad at him because he basically rejected you all that one night?" and they all got super defensive and claimed they never moved to him (they clearly did...I saw it clearly as did my other housemate) and then called me asshole.  I told Cliff what they said and he just looked at me and laughed, and then said "Don't concern yourself with what they say. They're childish". So I dunno...AITA?
96	3	This incident happened this weekend when my husband and I were enjoying a mini vacation. We were hanging out in our hotel room when it was time to get ready for dinner. I got undressed to go shower when my husband offered to carry me to the bathroom while I was naked. I said yes but soon realized my mistake because I really had to pee.  Once we entered the bathroom the need to pee was too strong but I knew I could make it...until I saw that the toilet lid was down. Just like Pavlov's dog, I saw the toilet and my bladder was ready to go, there was no turning back. I screamed "I'm going to pee!" So he dropped me on the floor to get the toilet ready but it was too late. I pee'd on the floor as an adult woman.   I started laughing and said I pee'd but he didn't believe me until he saw the puddle under me. Guess it's too late for him to be disgusted and leave me now!   Tl;dr: TIFU by letting my husband carry me to the bathroom naked when I had to pee. This resulted in premature urination
809	1	My(25m) now ex(26f) of almost 9 years finally admitted to me that she had been cheating on me and the only reason she told me was because the guy made her. I am so RELIEVED, I have been doing the happy dance ever since I found out. I have been trying to get out of this relationship as peacefully as possible for the last 2 years since we have a son together. Thank you new guy, you are the best side dude EVER!!!!!!!!!!!
83	1	I have this friend, he’s a very charming guy, with lots of funny jokes. We’ve gotten very close but recently I’ve noticed he’s taken my friendly gestures as flirting. I really don’t mean to be suggestive, it’s just my personality to be a positive girl. Anyways, yesterday we met up and I told him that I was thankful for him hanging out with me. Throughout the day he got very close and it made me extremely uncomfortable. So I told him it made me feel uncomfortable, he got offended, telling me that “We are on a date, it’s only natural for me to touch you.” And I was shocked. He did NOT tell me this was a date, in fact he told me it was just a simple outing.   I tell him that this is not a date and he starts to yell at me, calling me names and telling me that I “lead him on” for wearing ‘short dresses’. He called me an asshole and left, which I went home really confused. I tried texting him and turns out he blocked me.  Am I really the ‘asshole’ “for leading him on”?  Side Note: I’m not sure if this is flirting, but I gave him some of my lunch when he didn’t have any money, and talked him through his “depressive days”.  I am not very good at reading people, I apologize.  Edit: Got rid of a couple of useless words! 🌻
697	2	Ive been with my wife for 12 years but 6 months ago she decided to become a vegetarian, I totally support this.   She is doing it because she didnt want to be a part of the factory farming industry, again I totally support this, however her recent behavior has really started to annoy me and tonight I told her so. I do all the shopping and the cooking and have went to great lengths to accommodate her new diet however I feel she has started she has started to get weird about it. Tonight I cooked 2 separate pies and when she served herself she stopped and asked me if the serving spoon had been used on my meat pie because if it did she didnt want to use it, now at this point my pie crust was unbroken the only thing the spoon could have possibly touched was the pastry crust but she didnt want to use the spoon if it had touched even that.  Cue me telling her this was annoying me and us fighting. She still wears leather shoes, leather handbag, eats dairy and seafood, bringing this up did not help.  Am I the asshole?.
307	3	So I’m a female and I live in the UK. I’m on my last couple of contraceptive pills so I waltz into my usual clinic to get another year’s worth of pills. I know this is the last time I can use them since I will be too old soon. So I’m stood there, told them my DOB out loud. The computer is being really slow and I’m staring at the big sign behind the woman’s head saying “under 25s”. And then while we’re waiting for the computer I just told her “oh I’m 25. I thought it was 25 included”, and they told me no, it’s only up to 24. So I feel so embarrassed and like an idiot and apologize and walk out. They quickly gave me a number I can ring to arrange over 25s contraceptive.   I text my friend, annoyed. Text another one. Angry at the baby making mentality that since I’m 25 now, I have to be planning for a family or jump through hoops to get contraceptive. Friend sends me a link where I can get contraceptive through Superdrug in 3 hours. I do that. Paid £30 for 6 months. It’s been free my whole life up until now so £30 feels like a lot. But oh well.  Then I start moaning to another friend that “apparently I’m too old for free contraceptive now!” When she responded “what, 24 is too old?”   And it hit me.   I’m still fucking 24 for another few months   TLDR: Convinced I was a year older than I actually am, paid for contraceptives, could’ve gotten a year supply for free still
957	2	Right now on instagram I saw that many people have been posting blackouttuesday. And as someone who is not outspoken about political issues but feels strongly about them, I thought it would be a good step for me to show support by participating in the blackouttuesday. However, after posting, I noticed that people have been saying that it's just a way for people to display that they're not racist and putting on a show? Which made sense... and in some sense, it was the same for me. So I deleted the post and instead on my instagram story I just posted some links for donation and petitions.   but now I'm thinking... if me deleting the post will be like a take back move? I'm not too sure... This is like a really stupid thing to be worried about when there's so many people suffering. but I can't help but feel bad about it?   tldr; had a blackouttuesday post on insta, deleted it because read that people doing it for self-gratification. Felt like I was being self-gratifying. so I delete it. but now feel like i'm taking back support?
145	3	I’m engaged to the love of my life. We’ll call her Sarah. Sarah doesn’t have issues with my parents but there is a little tension on both sides and no one has attempted to be close, which is fine I guess. It makes me a little sad that they are not more excited about her.  Sarah asked my mom the other day if she would help make centerpieces. Sarah is into DIY but we are running out of time and she was asking around to see who would be willing to help. She admitted to my mom that it was kind of grunt work and if she didn’t want to, no pressure. My mom got offended and said of course she doesn’t want to, we haven’t cared about her at all, so she doesn’t care about our fucking wedding. This hurt Sarah but she didn’t fight back.  Sarah told me and I called my mom. Honestly I probably went into it a big aggressively, but I yelled at her for saying that to Sarah. My mom said that Sarah hasn’t included her in any of the fun parts, or cared about her opinion on anything, so why would she help make centerpieces. I asked her to apologize to Sarah and my mom said no, she was done talking about it, so I uninvited her to the wedding.  My dad sent me a text, because I said he could still come, and pretty much told me to fuck off if I thought he would come without my mom. My mom is now upset because everyone is going to ask where she is. Sarah is very happy and feels like I defended her, and literally everyone else thinks I’m the asshole.
1000	2	My (25M) girlfriend (27F) of six months was recently offered for a job in another state. She surprised me with the news, and didn't tell me beforehand or anything as she intended for it to be a surprise. The problem is, it's not a close state and for me to get there even remotely conveniently would require me to fly.  She's very enthusiastic about the job, she's going to be working as an accountant and she gets fairly paid for it. I on the other hand don't think I can manage long distance so I told her I'd rather she doesn't take the job as I can't manage long distance. She got upset and told me I should be proud. I said I was proud but I couldn't manage long distance. She said she was going to take the job and I couldn't stop her and should accept it. I told her I respect and accept her decision but I would not be able to continue the relationship.  She yelled at me and said I'm being controlling and should accept her decision. I told her I was respecting and accepting of her decision by breaking up with her so she can find someone in the other state that will be able to be close to her. She left my flat after calling me an asshole.  AITB?
416	3	I don't entirely remember all of this but I was good friends with this boy in pre-k. At my 4th or 5th birthday party, all of us kids were on the trampoline in my backyard and I saw him leaning over as if he was looking at something. I don't know what caused me to do this but I ended up pushing him off and he ran off crying. He told his parents I pushed him off but I lied and said he fell. I don't remember what happened after that but I remember he never spoke to me again after that.  Just to clarify, I'm not a heartless psycho and I still feel so bad about it to this day!
549	1	My husband and I have been trying to conceive since early this year. This morning he told me that, if we don't conceive by the end of this month, he wants me to get back on birth control and that we will wait to try again until December of this year. His reasoning is that it will be better if our kid is born sometime between September and December because s/he will be one of the older kids in his/her grade and this  will give him/her advantages in school and sports. I don't really care what month our kid is born and would rather keep trying than wait until December rolls around. My husband thinks I'm being selfish because I'm prioritizing my desire to have a baby over making sure that our kid has all of the advantages possible.  AITA?
5	1	This was about four years ago in high school. Now I am from Poland and we had a test of English idioms. I considered myself quite good at English so I never really paid attention to when the exams were scheduled as I managed to get good marks without studying at all.  The idiom one, however, caught me off guard. I knew about two out of ten examples and I just wasn't okay with the mark that I was gonna get. I quickly wrote down the idioms on a separate paper and never handed in the original one. The teacher then proceeded to mark the tests at his desk and that's when I wrote my answers on that separate sheet of paper with the help of my notebook.  As I finished I approached my teacher and asked him some typical questions about my marks and etc. that required him to look at his computer screen. At that very moment I dropped my perfectly written paper under his chair and returned to my own desk. About 15 minutes later I watched him pick it up with slight confusion and eventually he assumed that he had dropped it before, exactly as I had planned.  I ended up getting the best mark and honestly am still proud of myself for handling it like that. I've learned the idioms too.
705	2	Long story short, my best friend secretly got married over a year ago in order to move with her husband, who is in the Navy.   Everyone (including my friend group) was under the impression that they were just engaged, but awhile ago my best friend told me they actually got married. She made me promise not to tell anyone, so I didn’t.   Today, my best friend put it on Facebook that they are married and now my friends are furious that I didn’t tell them.   I feel bad because we’re a very close group of friends, but she asked me not to tell anyone.   Am I in the wrong here? Should I have just told them?
708	3	Not a long one, this happened a fortnight ago. I cooked a pulled pork, potato, tomato and paprika stew with some cumberland sausages and pancetta thrown in for good measure. It was delicious. Then we went on holiday for a fortnight.  When we came back, we got an evil look from the neighbour, and couldnt think about why it would be.  Open the front door. The smell was so powerful it nearly knocked me out the door again. I immediately realised what it was. Went over to the slow cooker. Somehow, maggots had gotten inside under the glass lid and it was infested with flies. Hundreds of them.   So, Im exhausted from driving, its boiling hot. The kitchen positively hums with stench, and there is a crockpot full of flies I have to get rid of. I ask the wife to open the kitchen door to the garden. She does. I pick up the crockpot. The lid slips a bit then goes back. 3 or 4 flies escape. This is going to be tricky.   It took me a full 5 minutes to tape the lid shut using gaffa tape. I took the pot outside and undid the tape, shutting the back door. The cloud of flies positively exploded into the sky. I only thought there was about a hundred. Nope. There were hundreds and hundreds of the buggers. Whats worse, at the bottom, was a hive of maggots devouring the delicious meaty goodness.   The smell - have you ever smelled rotting meat? Amplify that by 4 or 5 orders of magnitude and mix it with sulphur dioxide and natural gas odour.  The appearance - a wriggling, writhing, buzzing mass of bluebottles and black flies, white maggots and mouldy pork meat, growing fur and ring mould.  TL;DR Left a stew in the slow cooker over a fortnight and came back to a nest of flies and maggots.
144	1	I’m a man with a Hindu background working in the UK - that is to say I’m not very religious but my family are and if they’re doing something related I don’t mind joining in. It was a Diwali this past weekend which is a pretty major festival in the Hindu religion.   I had a lot of Indian sweets left over, and so I decided to bring 2 unopened boxes and leave them in the break room. At the end of our morning briefing, I stood up and said ’Hey, it was Diwali yesterday and so i brought in these sweets. Help yourself and happy Diwali!’.   What was meant to be a nice gesture to ingratiate myself (I only started a fortnight ago) has left me seething after a meeting with HR. Apparently, referencing Diwali was akin to promoting a religion and therefore inappropriate at work. Apparently I’d also given out Hindu sweets (this i find ridiculous as they are just Indian sweets with no religious connotations).  To me, it’s no different from saying happy Christmas which I know this company has no issue with, as evidenced by their Christmas promotional video I watched in preparation for my interview.   To be clear I know I’m not TA for brining in sweets, my question is to do with the promoting religion bit. I’m pretty sure I did no such thing, but it’s possible I’m being blinded by my own involvement in the issue.
270	1	AITA for snapping at my nephew?  My in laws are the "we dont say the word no" and "his word is as important as ours" parenting style and that's fine but my nephew who is 4 years old gets away with murder because of it. I realize the bigger issue is the parents not setting repercussions to his actions but unfortunately I can not change that.  I feel like he knows he can push boundaries so he constantly pushes my one year old daughter, throws things at her, hits and kicks her, steals toys from her and no one says anything. He has done this since she was born and I've tried to make little comments like "you are going to hurt the baby, please dont do that" and he just doesnt listen. His parents never speak up and even when I've gently asked to stop, I've gotten dirty looks for saying the word no to their child  or parenting someone who isnt my child.  Last week, my momma bear instincts kicked in and after a few incidents, he threw a ball at my daughters head and I had had enough so I took the ball and threw it back at him and said "Roll the ball if you want to play, dont whip it at peoples heads!" In a fairly aggressive tone. He shuddered and my in laws now think I'm horrible for getting annoyed and setting boundaries. AITA?
927	3	Today I turned 22 years old. I have been off and on Reddit for almost 2 years now. Whenever I saw a cake symbol, along with “happy cake day” comments, I foolishly assumed it was their birthday. Only now today do I know that’s it’s when you make your Reddit account.  The last several days I’ve been pondering on how I would post on Reddit to reap the sweet sweet karma on my birthday. Time wasted because I was too lazy to look it up.
480	1	I hate when people blare music in public, even if it’s music I like. I really don’t understand why idiots have to loudly play music in front of everyone. I see these people almost daily on my commute on mass transit and it’s been annoying the hell outta me. It’s one thing to be listening to loud music in your earbuds, it’s another blaring Fetty Wap from a portable speaker on a bus.    Lately, I’ve been making a point to carry around a couple crappy earbuds. Whenever I hear someone blasting music phones/portable boom box I loudly say “It must suck to not even afford earbuds, here have a pair on me.” and offer them the crappy earbuds.  My SO thinks I’m a cunt for doing this.
285	1	I came over to his house one morning to surprise him with breakfast and a video game he wanted, only to find him naked, asleep, and  with his ex curled up in his arms.  He didn’t hear me come in, so I closed his bedroom door, and left his breakfast and game on the kitchen counter along with my key to his house.  I went to my car, deactivated my Facebook, and blocked him on all other forms of social media. I then called my phone provider to change my number before driving off.  I texted family members and close friends that we were no longer together and to block him on social media, as well. I didn’t tell them why.  I was in a position to end the lease at my apartment early, and I started a new job in a different city later that week.   I completely removed myself from him and didn’t offer a shred of explanation or opportunity for dialogue. I disappeared from his life after his betrayal and I think it’ll not only help me to focus on myself without his presence, but I think completely shutting myself off from him will hurt worse than anything when he thinks on how good he had it with me these last 5 years.
890	1	My friend is extremely jealous and competitive with me especially over boys. She has this weird habit of sleeping with people that I express any interest in, or have slept with or had romantic relations with before in the past. I decided to do my own secret social experiment on her and I lied to her about sleeping with a person we both know who is, frankly, just objectively undesirable. She even exclaimed how shocked she was that I had slept with him because she also thinks he’s not anything worth writing home about. Yet, within three days she had fucked him and was bragging to me about it.   Now I am just pushing the limits and going further and further to see how low her standards can get. So far I’ve gotten her to have sex with absolute slobs just by telling her that I’ve done it first. Am I wrong for this? I really think it’s so funny.
952	1	Okay so I asked this girl to be my girlfriend and about a week later I started to regret it. She was clingy and over attached, and most of all I wasn’t ready for a GF. I had planned to break up with her. I asked my bible study group what I should do and they said break up with her on Saturday, today was Wednesday. One person in the group decided to tell the girls best friend, who told the girl. They did it in a not so gentle way. She and all of her friends are mad at me for leading her on and wanting to break up with her. AITBF?
295	1	This guy parked next to me and proceeded to swing his door open full force, hitting my car in the process. I rolled my window down and asked what the hell he was doing. His response? A half-assed "my bad" before walking away with a smile on his face. I got a little carried away afterward and put a 12-14 inch scratch on the back of his car. I see it as justifiable "street justice," but one of my friends think I'm still an asshole. What do you guys think?
951	1	 BTW meant mad in the title. Sorry about the typo.   So we recently started staying with my fiance's family. Now I've been the main one doing all the cooking and cleaning for now four adults plus the two toddlers in the house.  And his siblings literally make the house a disaster zone every single day. I mean I could sweep and mop, the very next day the will be all types of crap on the floor again. But anyway to why I'm typing this today   I started dinner in the Crock-Pot at the beginning of the day today. Which was Italian chicken breast with veggies and rice. Then I've spent the rest of my day. Watering plants, scrubbing my dog's bed and washing up the steps outside so no one trips from them leaving trash and stuff all over them.  Then a few minutes ago, my fiance's brother comes in with like six pizzas. And honestly I'm pissed. He knows I was making dinner cause he saw me putting it in the Crock-Pot at the beginning of the day. So I went to the room we're staying in and told my fiance to make him and our daughter a plate of whatever they wanted. He asked me why I wouldn't so I told him what happened and how I didn't want to go back out there cause I'm mad.  Now he's refusing to go make them plates cause he says I'm ridiculous and making mountains out of mole hills. So honestly am I being too sensitive cause I'm frustrated constantly cooking and cleaning up after these people? Or am I right to be mad?
14	2	throwaway as my dad uses reddit.   so I'm close to graduating high school and have been applying to universities and looking at some by doing the tours and stuff.   my parents decided to give me a gift for when I graduate, its 10,000$ toward my uni costs. I remember screaming and hugging my parents and thanking them.   that was untill I found out the terms and conditions, I can only go to 2 universities (they are the ones closest to my parents) and they gave me a selection of courses I can pick from, surprisingly art degree is not one of them.   so I told my parents that I cant accept the gift as I dont want to abide by some terms and conditions,I also told them it was kinda shitty to pay me to do what they want me to do.  i explained that i now feel bad for being super excited because i definitely cant accept my gift now knowing what the rules are.    this caused a massive fight where I was called ungrateful and that I'm not a nice daughter. so I walked out of the house and have been staying with a friend until this cools off.   reflecting back I do think that I might be the asshole but I'm unsure so I've come to you.   I will accept any judgment
706	2	This was my previous employer. I was a teacher for at-risk students attending night school to earn a diploma. This student population struggled in traditional high school and could be more rough around the edges.  Staff meeting: Staff is informed someone found a powdery substance on the toilet seat in the ladies' room. One of the students must be snorting coke between classes, they say. Female staff was instructed to be on 'bathroom duty' during passing time to check the stalls.  No issues for over a week. The school secretary uses the restroom. Classes are about to begin, I peek in the stall, and there it was!  'Drugs' all over the toilet... and right after secretary uses the stall.... the sweet, always smiling, big, German grandma secretary everyone loves.  I privately inform the dean of my discovery. He is equally confounded but tells me he will follow up. After school, he comes into my classroom and shuts the door. Must be bad news about secretary.  He tells me he spoke to secretary, who broke down into tears about how embarrassed she was to have to tell him. She goes on to explain that because she's obese, she needs to put talcum powder in her fat rolls because they get sweaty and start to smell. Sometimes, when she uses the bathroom, the powder from her fat rolls trickles out.  Poor lady left early out of embarrassment that day, and we no longer had bathroom duty. Case closed. No student snorting coke, so that's a plus.  TL/DR: was asked by my administrator to look out for cocaine on the toilet seat of our school. Found it was from the secretary. Secretary explains it is baby powder that she puts in her sweaty fat rolls.
516	1	So recently I got my license and my dad thought it would be a good idea for me to drive my little sister home. She would normally walk speaking she falls right under the 1.5 mile rule our school system implemented. The first few days went fine but then she unplugged my phone from the aux cord and started blasting her music. I took notice by not moving and giving her a funny look. She replied with a snarky what and I asked her why she unplugged my phone. She responds with "I got tired of listening to your music". I told her that if she wants a ride home she'll have to listen to my music. I then unplugged her phone and started driving. Then she gets bold and while I'm driving unplugs my phone and starts playing her music again. So I pullover and tell her to get out. She kinda sat there and looked confused but after repeating myself a few times she hopped out. I wasn't expecting the backlash from my stepmom when I got home. She was pissed and "threatened" me with calling my dad and telling him about my reckless behavior. She went on to call me an ego maniac and other names. When my dad got home it started a argument between them because he thinks I was justified. From my POV she's a 7th grader that should understand that her actions have consequences. I understand it is a little thing but I gave her a warning and she didn't respect it.
752	1	So we have a family tradition of going out to eat before or after the school year. As I’m becoming a senior next year, I got to pick this time. Well, I’m a pescatarian (with some chicken) so I have limited options. My parents know this, and we’ve discussed compromises. So my mom texted me and asked if I had decided on a place, I offered a popular seafood place that we hardly ever go to. My mom says, “What about *insert popular steakhouse*? Your stepdad wants ribs.”  I replied, “That’s fine. Y’all go and I’ll stay home.” Because they always fucking go to that place! Literally they go at least once a week just to fucking go. Why would you ask me if you aren’t even going to respect my fucking choice?
357	3	Well... not today but about 20 years ago. I was young teenager in a summer camp and did not know any better. I looked at the sun through my partially closed fist (to reduce aperture) with my right eye. I have a small spot in my right eye that kinda static (like TV static). Whenever I take eye exam (reading letters), I have a very hard time reading letters with my right eye (because of the burned spot).  I have since got LASIK (I had a slightly bad vision) and my right eye came out slightly worse than the left. All because we could not get acurate reading (I kept screwing up reading part).  Burned eye retina, like mine, is incurable and inoperable. I will have to live with this all my life. It's not bad enough that would render me disabled, just annoying sometimes.   Please watch out for kids looking at the eclipse. They will see that all adults look at the sky and do the same. That is what I did.   Please be aware of eye protection tomorow.  TL;DR burned my right eye retina looking at the solar eclipse and now can not pass eye exam.   Edit : since evrybody asking. I've looked at it for around 30 min. It was partial eclipse.   Edit 2: jeez, so many of you replying with the same experience. This issue needs to be better explained to the public, maybe tought in schools.
122	1	I was at a gay bar and for some reasons young girls LOVE to go there but they act annoying and totally ruin the bar for us (its a shame because straight guys would go crazy for these girls).  There was a group of girls blocking the hall and service bar, oblivious that other people are trying to get through. I finally got by them and turned to the bar to my right, with about 10 girls just inches behind me.  I've been on a diet and I eat a giant bowl of raw veggies everyday and it makes me fart like crazy and they smell like rotten eggs and broccoli, truly disgusting. I had to fart so bad so I let it rip with this group of annoying girls behind me.  At first I smelled nothing, then a few seconds later it hit, then it hit HARD. the air was stale and not moving. I saw one of them scrunch up her nose, another one put her hand to the side of her nose (to close the nostril), and another one say "ewww!".  I got my beer and walked away. Enjoy my Giant fart, hall-blockers.
622	1	I truly want an honest opinion so I'm going to include all details I can w/in char limit, even ones that aren't flattering to me.   I've been dating my GF for about a month. honestly I feel much stronger about her than she does me, but I'm hoping she comes around. She is on our university gymnastics team and is an incredible athlete. I went to her meet this afternoon and was freaking shocked to see how much of her floor routine had "sexual" elements. She did her routine to "p'on da replay" and as an example she crawled on all fours, she shook her ass, she did this thing where she went up and down her body with her finger (including her breasts) and then acted like her finger was sizzling. And during all this, her teammates cheered. I was blown away that this sort of sexuality was not only allowed but encouraged.   After the meet I told her I didn't think she should do that sort of stuff. She told me that it was normal for gymnastics and that her routine had been worked out for years with coaches and choreographers. I told her it was normal for strippers who danced for dollar bills. She told me I didn't get it. I told her that I didn't understand what was to get, I was her boyfriend and it was my job to look out for her. She told me "you are literally and asshole and way overstepping your bounds!" I told her that I didn't want to fight and she said it was too late. So instead of her going on a romantic date I had planned, she decided to hang out with her teammates. I am so upset because I was counting on seeing her tonight.   Based on what she said, am I the asshole for thinking her routine should be less sexy and telling her so?
910	2	So in tech class in the seventh grade, we used Typing.com to learn how to type, and every month we’d get a grade for how we did in the website so far. Are usernames were the first 3 letters of our first name and first 3 of our lastname. And get this, everyone’s password was 1234.   Anyways, there was this girl who used to bully all the time for no reason for like 3 years and I was obviously sick of it. So one time, I was bored at home when I thought of hacking (well, idk I should call it hacking) my bully’s typing.com account, So I went in her account, went to a new lesson in the website and started typing all the words wrong while watching Netflix. I did a 7 lessons and thought that it was enough... 2 weeks later, we were getting our typing grades and then I heard my bully complaining to the teacher that she did not deserve a D- in her grade. I watched satisfied when the teacher just ignored her.  Now, I do regret doing this but not, at the same time. But it’s not like I ruined her future.
896	3	Yesterday I tried to apply a garlic poultice to get rid of a skin tag, leaving it overnight, for 6 hours. Painfully woke up this morning to a terrible burning sensation, quickly removed the large band-aid -which teared some skin away and instantly realized how f\*cked I was when I saw the dark red-brown slime of a wound that was my skin...     Back from the hospital, turns out that's a third degree chemical burn on my belly and this friggin' skin tag is still alive. Most of the surrounding skin isn't.   Aftermath: 4+ weeks with occlusive dressings, and apparently a skin graft if it's still bad after a few weeks, plus a shitload of shame and this precious life lesson: ***garlic is freaking dangerous*** and home remedies mostly don't worth the risk,  health professionals mostly know what they're doing   \-An absolute dumbass   TL;DR Tried to remove a skin tag and ended up with a third degree chemical burn from garlic
984	2	I am on a second marriage and wife is doctor whose patient population is largely old people. Her kids are 11 and 9 and mine are 16, 18, and 21. I rarely get to see my older kids and invited my kids to spend some time with me at our cabin and one of the 3 has not been social distancing at all. I didn’t plan it with my wife, just told her I was leaving for the cabin with my kids in a few days. Wifey was not happy because the older kids were not careful with covid-19 and she feels like she has a responsibility to keep her patients as safe as possible but she could be bringing it home also. It was also the first week of homeschool and she assumed I was going to help with homeschooling the 11 and 9 year old since she works. I assume she figured I would do it since I am working from home. She is also very stressed about going to work right now and what that possibly means for our family as she could be bringing it home with her. She does not want to be alone during this crazy time. I thought I would compromise by getting the younger kids started with homeschool, then drive 2 hours to the cabin, (leave the littles home all day alone while she’s working, let her come home and make sure their homework was done, and let her cook dinner), then drive home 2 hours and sleep in the same bed as my wife and leave my kids at the cabin. We were both being super safe and constantly washing hands and discarding clothes when reconvening at night, we both had a small chance of giving it to each other..repeat that for 5 days. She thinks both me and my kids are assholes...AITA?
473	1	Like most 20-somethings nowadays, my friends all carry a lot of debt.  The ones that don't have student loans have mortgages, or both - and almost everyone I know has off-hand mentioned their credit card debt.  I'm a saver and it blows my mind how casually these same people are always buying new gadgets, clothes, lots of beers on the weekend, etc.  &amp;nbsp;  My old car finally crapped out on me last month and I replaced it with something pretty nice, reliable, only a few years old - and for some reason everyone wants to know how I could afford it.    So I lie.  I say something about an interest-free loan from grandparents.   &amp;nbsp;  Truth is - I researched for weeks, scoured the internet, and made tons of calls to find the vehicle I did at a great price, and I paid in full in cash.  I'm proud of that, but I feel like I can never tell anyone about it.  So, thanks for listening, reddit!
478	1	Alright, this is messy. Me and my ex wife got married at 23, and had 3 kids. The 3 kids are 17, 15, and 14. I recently found out my ex wife has been cheating on me for 3 years. Once I confronted her she broke down, saying that I was never home, always working. Btw I worked like that so she could be a stay at home mom.   I raised my kids to know that cheating is one of the worst things in the world. If you no longer love someone, break up with them, don't cheat. Even if you have issues with the relationship, work it out or leave them.   Now, before we sat them down, their mother begged me to not tell them she cheated. I told her that if they asked, I would not lie. She tried to dance around the whole reason for the divorce, citing “adult issues”. 14 year old asked why we were getting a divorce, and I told him, flat out, “she cheated on me for 3 years”.   The mother immediately burst out crying, and all the kids were incredibly angry with her. It’s been 3 months and they still haven’t spoken to her, saying she ruined their family and their lives, and that she’s a “cheater and a liar”.   She’s been coming after me online saying that I’m a bastard and ruined her relationship with her kids.   AITA?
864	2	He has no money until he’s paid at the end of the month and he told me I wouldn’t get a present until then and I’m completely fine with that but I didn’t even receive a card. I don’t expect expensive gifts but I’d of liked a card. Even when I’ve got no money I either borrow it until I get paid or I at least get him a card and explain I’ll get him something when I’m paid. I thought he’d do the same. But no. Today I woke up with nothing at all. I didn’t say anything and acted like I’m fine and he’s currently at work but still. We’re trying to save money because We’re expecting our first kid in a few months but I just feel like he doesn’t care at all. Even last year he waited till the night before to go get something and only because I said it was my 18th and I felt like nobody cared since no one mentioned it or took notice when it came up in conversation.  I haven’t spoken to him since he left this morning, even ignoring his texts and calls. Am I the asshole in this situation??
956	1	AITA for fighting with my spouse about her family coming over during quarantine? It would be father, mother, brother, brother and maybe gf and sister to our home? That's 7 maybe 8 ppl in one place. We just had a screaming match about it and I don't feel good about me telling her I don't want them coming over?
296	3	When I was 11 we lived in a shitty trailer park and went to this church that was close by. In Sunday school we decorated these coffee cans to go out and ask for donations for the church. The first round went well and I brought around $50 to church. The surrounding areas to the trailer park I lived in were middle class people and horse farms with big bucks so my brother and I went to those houses and asked for donations but we kept the money and bought a shit ton of candy and junk food we did it like 3x but then ended up getting taken away by cps because my parents were arrested for burglary. I guess the apple didn't fall to far from the tree. Im now 37 and still think about that and feel bad for doing it. I know God has forgiven me but I can't seem to forgive myself.
730	1	My college has a food court in one of the main buildings. Chick Fil A, sandwich place, salad bar, etc. You get your food and pay at the exit. Every single time I’ve eaten lunch there since I was a freshman, I grab a bottle of water with my meal, walk up to pay, and say, “I brought the water in.”   The employees aren’t paid enough to care, and I pay enough in tuition to not feel bad about it.
379	1	Those really nice Bose headphones (ie &gt;$200) had been left behind at my workplace a couple of weeks ago, and after a week passed I got curious and connected to them via Bluetooth. The owners name showed up– and as I keep track of everyone who comes into work– I knew exactly who owned them and they’d been coming in almost every day with no mention of them.  I waited another week until the original owner came in wearing *new* Bose headphones.   I’ve never had the luxury to buy myself earphones of any kind– always using the ones that came with my phone till both speakers blew. Seeing as they owned a new pair and didn’t seem to care for the old ones... I took them. Renamed them. And passed it off as a gift to myself.  The joy of listening to crisp clear music while going about my business.  I don’t feel guilty at all.
642	3	Quick disclaimer: This was a year ago.  I'm a huge history nerd and I absolutely love exploring ancient sites. My mother and I took a trip to Greece and were on a tourbus.  One of our many stops were Nafplio (which was absolutely beautiful) and our tour guide said "If you climb 999 steps, you'll find the beautiful fortress of Paladimi. The entire bus chuckled (Mainly middle aged, few elders.) But being the teenage self I am, I was determined to climb those steps.  There's a slight problem however, I was really out of shape.  I am at the beginning of the staircase up the mountain and my mom (bless her heart) offered to take my wallet and the hotel keys so it wouldn't weigh me down. Left me with just my phone. She decided she didn't want to join me on my hike up the mountain because (understandably) she was worn out.  I begin my ascent, around 15-30 excruciatingly painful minutes later, i make it to the top. I had a sense of pride as I stepped to the entrance of the gate. I would be able to see a part of Greece that the rest of my tour bus wasn't able to see. I would have stories to tell at the dinner table. I would have amazing pictures.  Suddenly, right at the door I see a sign.  "8 Euros for admission"   and with that, I took my walk of defeat back down the 999 steps.   TL;DR  I left my wallet and climbed a mountain to see a historical site, only for there to be an admission fee.
754	2	The title pretty much sums it up, but yeah. What was a nice little rush at first quickly became a downward slope. I scratched $240 worth of tickets without winning a thing. 20 mins before my boss is supposed to come in to work, I scratch a $500 winner. Too close a call, wont do that for awhile.
59	2	My teacher doesn’t like my first name and always talks about how weird it is, and how my last name should be my first. So she took it upon herself to only refer to me by my last name, on tests she’d even cross out my first name when I wrote it. I kept telling her I preferred being called by my first name, but she laughed it off. So I started calling her by her first name, the first time she was shocked but after a month she just kept yelling to me how I was being really disrespectful. I’ve gotten numerous detentions because of it, but I don’t want to stop until she calls me my first name. So AITA if I keep calling her by her first name?
799	3	I was 18. I had a sign that said I got kicked out for being a lesbian. One time a gay person on broadway gave me 100 bucks. I just wanted to make enough to wander around Europe. The day I got my visa, I got robbed and took it as a sign to stop. I’m really sorry, gay community.
372	1	No throwaway because I actually don't care if he sees this.   Basically, my SO said he wasn't willing to get a vasectomy just in case we break up and he wants to have kids with another woman.  I've been solely responsible for contraception for the entire length of our relationship (the pill) and I don't want to take hormonal BC anymore because it murders my sex drive. Yes I've tried other things. I can't use condoms because they hurt. All brands.   I am scheduled to have a sterilisation so it's moot point but it's something I'm doing for the both of us, not just me.   He tells me he doesn't want or can't handle any more kids.   So why does he need to hang onto his precious fertility? It was just discourse, I don't expect him to do it but that answer has actually crushed me. It shows a lack of faith in our relationship and that he has an eye out for the long game.   Am I the asshole for telling him he's an utter knob for that response?  Edit: guys, I've never asked him to do this. He volunteered this information during a conversation about my impending sterilisation. I have NOT asked him to snip his junk.
272	1	My wife is positive that our tap water tastes disgusting and will make her sick if she drinks it. To her knowledge she's never actually drank it before.  I setup the coffee maker each night before bed and set the timer for the next morning. I've been making it with tap water for years because it only takes about 12 seconds to fill the reservoir see the sink, but using the filter from the fridge takes a couple minutes.  She's asked me before if I use the filtered water and I say yes. When she's in the kitchen with me I'll use the filter to fill the reservoir, but every other night I use tap and she has no idea and has mentioned before how much she loves the coffee I make.  Edit: grammar
975	1	My boyfriend and I (both 22) live together. We're both at uni. The only thing he can cook is a steak on the barbie so we agreed that I'd be responsible for cooking while he does the rest of the household (mostly cleaning), except for laundry, we take turns with that. We have a small apartment so I'd say I spent more time cooking than he does cleaning but it doesn't really bother me.  Now on to the issue.  My boyfriend LOVES meat. He thinks eating meat every day is extremely healthy and says a meal without meat isn't complete. I don't like meat that much. Having it twice a week is more than enough for me and having it every day just makes me feel sick.  I started including meat in our meals about 4 times a week which I thought was a good compromise. I'm a decent cook so it's not like the rest of the week we only have veggies. However, recently my boyfriend started complaining and said that he doesn't feel satisfied without daily meat and since he cleans for both of us I should cook decent meals for both of us and for him that's only the case if it includes meat. He knows I'm posting here and is okay with it.  Am I in the wrong for not cooking meat every day when our diet is still healthy and varied?
170	1	My husband works at a popular pizza chain. We'll call it "Piece of Butt" for the sake of rhyming.  If orders are messed up or carry out orders don't show, the employees get to take the food home. Sometimes I order pizzas under fake names and give the numbers of local businesses as callback numbers, and then purposefully never show up to pay for it. 9 times out of 10 my husband brings home the pizza I ordered. This is sinful pizza, yes I know. But sin pizza tastes better than honest pizza, inexplicably.
240	1	I own a liquor store in the suburbs. Overall the area is decently safe, especially compared to the city.  Two weeks ago, a young man and one of his friends came into the store and ran off with bottles of liquor. We reported them to law enforcement with the license plates. Officers tracked them and asked if we want to pursue charges.   Two days later one of the kids mothers comes by and begs me to drop the charges. She says her son is the first one in the family to go to college and that he has a scholarship and that if the university finds out they will rescind their offer, and the scholarship.  I told her I am sorry but I already have made up my mind. Since then people in the community have treated me much worse I believe she probably told a lot of people I don’t know her version of events.   But now I am a being seen as a horrible person. And that I am directly responsible for what the university chooses to do. And people are saying that if a white kid robbed me that I wouldn’t have went to the police. And this is not true, I am an equal opportunity reporter  I don’t know what’s going on to be honest, it also appears that he had a previous criminal record as well.  I don’t think I did anything wrong here. If you get caught stealing you should have to deal with the consequences. But apparently that makes me the devil
208	1	we’ve been having problems lately with locking up at my job because of how ridiculously long it takes for each person to lock up their end of the restaurants. getting out late and never knowing where the set of keys are because everyone misplaces them. my boss is strictly against getting even just one set of copies because there’s too much risk in it? yes, i can kinda see that but we’ve lost the one set of keys so many times some night we can’t even lock up because someone misplaced them. so i purposely left the keys in her office, locked it from the inside, and left it for her to find that we can’t open a single thing other than our front door.
359	1	In college I pretty much had no money so I would go to the grocery store and buy one or two small things and pretend to scan the rest at self check out, mostly stealing produce but I would only pay for about $10 of my $30 or $40 bill and I never felt guilty about it really
875	3	There's this girl who always sits beside me in in our British literature class and we get a long really well. Her hair is different like every day. Sometimes her hair is in corn rows, sometimes it's in short braids, sometimes it's long and straight and sometimes it's in afro. I really don't understand how she is able to change it so often but I think it's cool.  I didn't really grow up around a lot of black people but from the little I know I assume straight black long hair is a wig or weave. Yesterday she came to class with this kind of cool style that was braided on top and then the braids led into a afro and there were really colorful beads all over her hair (I know I'm shit at describing this)  I thought it looked really nice so when we were discussing the reading  I told her I liked her hair (I've told her this before) She said thanks and smiled.   &amp;#x200B;  I then said her hair always looks great but I like this style the best and prefer it to the wigs. She was silent for a few seconds and then said "no offence but I really don't care about a white guy's opinion about my hair."   &amp;#x200B;  I just totally did not expect that response. I wasn't even I wasn't trying to be rude or act like my opinion matters but I thought it was a good thing to tell a back girl you prefer her natural hair. Like it was a compliment. I kinda feel dumb because I wanted to ask her out.   &amp;#x200B;  AITA?
601	2	[Light] ?   My mom and I both work for a really sweet old man. I do the yard work on his wonderful yard and my mom cleans his house. He's all alone in his house because all of his kids have moved out and he's divorced. He has a lot of souvenirs and cool items from his career (he does camera work on movies) and my mom likes to take his things. She justifies it by saying "he has a million of ___" or "he won't even notice it". I guess that's true. She used to just take paper towels or toilet paper because we ran out for the day, but now it's getting worse.   She took a $100+ speaker and this time she took and old anitque watch worth $700 or more. She took it so she could pawn it and get money or something but I didn't want her to do that. I snuck the watch into my bag and when she was out of the room cleaning at his house I put it back in a spot she hopefully won't find it. Now everyone (inlcuding my brothers) are looking everywhere for it. I wanna just come right out and say "I returned it because you shouldn't be stealing things like that, espically from someone like him" but I don't want to get yelled at and made fun of.   Oh well, at least I feel like I did the right thing. The old man's like a grandpa to me, more than my blood relative grandpa.    Tl;Dr: Returned a watch my mom stole from a sweet old man. But really, it's not that long.
510	1	I was listening to music on blast when eating lunch by myself so I didn’t hear the announcement and when I noticed people rushing out, I knew it was a drill.   Instead of going out, I went into the cafeteria and stole four donuts and a handful of candy bars.  I regret nothing.
435	1	So my friend sold me an old Yamaha YD3 250 for £500, for 'spares or repairs', it didn't work at all, it didn't even start. In fact, it didn't even have two wheels.  I spent 4 months renovating it, sinking a further £800 into it, spending hours working on it, including a paint job **EDIT** (which I did myself) **END**, and placed an advert for it online for £2000 o.n.o, and it went for £2100.  He says that I should give him 'at least' £450 as 'his share' of the profit because without him I would never have had the bike, and he wouldn't have sold it to me if he had known my plans.  My argument is, is that he knew I was buying it for a project, once I took ownership it became legally mine, and he didn't invest any time, or money, in repairing the bike. And is entitled to nothing more than the original £500 I gave him to buy it.
586	1	I know the title sounds awful but please read the full story. Every time I walk to my gym I see this cute little dog looking miserable. The dog (it’s a she) is sometimes with her owner, a homeless guy in his 40s, but most of the time she gets tied to a pole and left there for hours. I wanted to report this to authorities but I was told that because most shelters in our area are kill shelters that could be even worse for the dog. Recently it’s been showing a lot in my city and seeing the poor dog tied to the pole was just too much. A few nights ago my fiancé and I were walking back from a restaurant in the area and saw the dog alone again, we decided to take her home. When I told my mother she was outraged, she says homeless people need their animals to keep them company and that I had no right to take her. I told her a dog isn’t a toy and people shouldn’t get one if they can’t look after it. My mom says I’m cruel and don’t care about human beings. I disagree and maintain that you should not have an animal you can’t take care of. We took the dog to the vet, he said she’s a little over a year, malnourished but not critically. We scheduled her shots and made sure she was okay. The plan is either to keep her or let my aunt’s family adopt her. We have two cats (they’re used to dogs) and we’re leaving our apartment to live in a house with a backyard in a few months. On the other hand my 8 year old cousin fell in love with the dog from the moment she saw her. Regardless, we all live in the same city and will be there for the doggy to shower her with love. I just hope my mom gets over it.
35	3	It's been awhile since I've graduated but I still haven't been able to live this down. It was the annual talent show for our high school. Every student had to attend the show as an audience including me so I thought it might be a great opportunity for me to show the whole school that I am a funny rebellious kid and they should l love me.   I spent weeks planning it, I would run up the stage and tell my very own written joke. It all seemed so great in my head. Everyone would be bored out of their minds at the performance and I would save the day by making everyone laugh and cheer. Then the time came. It was a normal average singing performance by one of the senior girl. Crowd was quiet, so I assumed they were bored. I got up from the crowd, ran up the fucking stage like Kanye West, stole the mic from the poor girl who just wanted to sing. And at the top of my fucking lungs I shouted. "Hello everyone, I am Shake..Spear" while doing masturbation gesture. Nobody laughed.Nobody cheered. I got suspended for a 2 days and detention for a whole month. And 6 years of hell.   TL:DR I delivered a bad pun in front of my whole school resulting in suspension and detention.
635	3	This actually happened last week but i wanted to share:  So for context I have a younger sister who is 14, and we share a bathroom. She’s very messy and often leaves dirty clothes on the floor, period blood on the seat, hair in the drain, toothpaste in the sink. And once even left a used pad wrapped in toilet paper out on the counter.  I went to take a shower and noticed that there was a dry black towel hanging on the rack so I hopped in and showered as usual. When I was done I wrapped myself in the towel and dried off. I started noticing however, a couple little black hairs were sticking to me, but I brushed it off thinking a few of mine must’ve fallen off.   However, when I got into my room, I saw my body was covered in these little black pubic hairs, as well as my floor, the chair I had set the towel on, my vanity, I checked the bathroom and saw hairs on the floor there, and the shower curtain. Now I KNEW these weren’t mine.   I screamed for my sister and asked her if she had used the towel recently, and she let me know that yes, she fucking shaved over it. In her room. Dry. I asked her where she shaved, a final attempt to deny what had just happened. She went “uh, down there.” I screamed and almost threw up, had to go shower again, and had to vacuum the pubes up from all over my room.  Probably the most disgusting thing to ever happen to me, and now I only use light colored towels so I can see what the fuck is on them.  TLDR: got covered in my sisters pubic hairs after she shaved her cooch over a towel and hung it back up
434	3	Occasionally, when texting my friends, I'll reply to random messages with incredibly duechy texts. For example, instead of saying "yeah man, come over" I'll say "fo shizzle homie g, skiddy on over to my cribasa stat, you feel dog? Frfr 100% yolo" I genuinly believed It was all in good fun until today, when I received a call from him crying and very upset at me.    My dumb ass forgot he was fucking dyslexic. I've been making that poor man's life hell with every stupid text I've sent him. He litterally can't fucking read it. He told me he's spent litteral hours trying to decipher some of them, and keeps a notebook where he has progressively worked on some of my texts over the last few years. Today, he officially gave up and called me to admit he had no clue what I was saying, and I finally discovered how difficult I was making every day life for him.   Tl;dr I'm a forgetful ass who has been sensing unreadable texts to my dyslexic friend.
312	3	I’ve been having chest pain for over three weeks now and today I finally went to the hospital because it was getting unbearable. The doctor told me that I needed to do an ECG (for this, your chest needs to be bare).   I went to the ECG room and a good-looking nurse was waiting for me. The nurse asked me to strip. I thought I was being funny &amp; I blurted out “I hope you like what you see” while taking off my bra.   She smiled awkwardly and that was the most stressful five minutes I have ever been through in my life.  The silence was deafening.   TL;DR - I went to the hospital because of a chest pain. I told the nurse that I hope she likes what she sees while I was taking off my bra. She smiled awkwardly &amp; it was the most awkward five minutes of my life.  Edit : a word
702	2	I'm 26M, my sister is 28F. We're the only family we both have, neither of our parents are with us anymore and we have no aunts, uncles, or cousins. I'm single, so is my sister: she's a single mother of a 3 year old. Despite all of this, we're not particularly close. We live in the same city but I might see her once a year in passing.  To make a long and convoluted post short, last week she came to my house and offloaded her son to me. She said she had to go to the hospital for mental health and I was the only person who could help. I couldn't even protest, she didn't even come inside. She took him in the car seat, put him on my porch, rang the bell, and told me all of this as she's walking back to her car. She left no diapers, no supplies, no nothing, not even a word of when she'll be back.  It took me less than four hours to contact police and have child services involved. He was basically abandoned with me, or at least that was my thoughts. They took the child away and my sister is still in the hospital. I have no way of contacting her, nor has she tried to contact me. I can't imagine the hellstorm that's going to be unleashed when she's out.  I'm just not equipped to handle a kid. My home isn't child proof, I have no friends who could babysit for a stranger, even as a favor. I work full time, I'm in school. I couldn't think of any alternative besides getting child services involved. I feel like I let my sister down but first and foremost I believe she left her own child down. I don't know what's going to happen.  Was I the asshole?
476	3	Summer time in the upper Midwest, I'm chilling at home when I get a call from some friends that they don't have a way home from some event in the cities, and I'm their only way back. Sure, I'll come grab you guys I guess. Gotta clean out my car though so everyone can fit. Garbage bag full of crap, last thing is two 24 packs of pop, Mountain Dew and Pepsi that are variably full.   I think to myself that the warm temperatures probably aren't good, and I reach in and grab a can of Pepsi. I notice the bottom of the can is not concave...but instead convex, bulging outward. Woah, never seen something like that. I'm curious as to how much pressure it is under, and want to see Pepsi shoot outward. So standing at about the drivers side back door facing away from the front of the car, I hold the can horizontal and go to open it. I slowly start pulling the tab back, and the very next instant, I am coated with a fine mist of Pepsi and the can is no longer in my hand. I look behind me, the whole side of my car and my drivers side inside window is coated in a fine mist (as I had that door open not thinking it would be affected). I see about twenty feet behind me a torn open can, like someone cut it nearly in half with a knife, literally bone dry on the inside. The pressure was so high that literally every single last particle of Pepsi vacated the can.   Not fun trying to wipe down smearing Pepsi mist on windows while it's closing in on 100F while I've gotta hurry to meet friend people (who ended up not even being grateful).   TL;DR: Opened a highly pressurized can of Pepsi just to have it shoot out of my hand and coat everything in the near vicinity in a fine sticky mist.
332	3	So I've always been a good student, like high 90s. I was doing well in 11th grade physics, but got an 80 on a test which severely impacted my average. We weren't allowed to take tests home, so I snuck into the teacher's desk at lunch and grabbed mine, I scanned it and created a blank test using Photoshop. Then, I filled it out more or less properly and then matched the teacher's handwriting as best as I could and marked everything correct, but then wrote a wrong total on the front. I then asked to see the test the next day. I pointed out that there was an adding error. She apologized and corrected it, I then had a 98 ( can't be too good). This worked so well I did it on another 2 tests and even on the final before she entered the marks. Probably wouldn't do it again, but it did work.
474	3	I had a dentist appointment this morning, and I was running late because I slept through my alam. Took a shower and started dressing up. As I was putting my pants on I noticed that it was falling off quite easily as I've lost quite a bit of weight. I grabbed a belt I haven't used in quite a while and decided to use it. I realized that it didn't fit me well as it was still making my pants fall off. I was running out of time so I had to make a new one immediately. I grabbed a phillips screwdriver in my toolbox and started drilling, as hard as I can, on the belt I was still wearing. My dumbass didn't think to do it facing away from me, so as it finished tearing a new hole on my belt it also tore a new hole on my belly. I had to drive 20 mins to the hospital bleeding and in agonizing pain. Doctor said no vital organs were seriously injured. I am now scheduled for next month with my dentist.  TL;DR I drilled a new notch on my belt, stabbed myself.
616	2	When we first adopted him, we had no idea that our cat was going to grow up to a 31” long, 23 pound beast, so his name quickly was changed to Bubba.  Bubba was an aggressive cuddler.  Any time you were reading a book, he would come over and plant himself directly between your head and your book.  Several years before he died, there was a night where my wife and I were lying in bed.  I honestly have no idea what I ate that day, but I had a case of particularly noxious gas.  I happened let a silent one go right as Bubba jumped up on the foot of the bed.  He walked up to the head of the bed, every step he took helped push the fumes out towards the top of the covers.  He reached the pillows and decided to curl up right between my wife and I, with his butt conveniently pointed towards her.  It was then that the fumes got out and my wife instinctively blamed Bubba.  She grabbed him off the bed, ejected him from the room, and closed the door.  As she spent the next couple minutes complaining about the cat, I couldn’t say anything.  It was all I could do to keep from laughing about the cat getting the blame.  2 years ago Bubba died of a heart attack.  He was walking across the family room and fell over dead instantly.  I will always remember you, and I will never forget the time you took one for the team.  [Light][No Regrets]
8	3	   I’m 23 years old, and I admittedly deserved this for my cheap, filthy ways.  Earlier today I was in a grocery store with a friend who was finishing up a transaction with the cashier. During that time, instead of just breaking change at the register like a normal human being, I thought I would casually walk over by the gumball machines to check for free candy, maybe someone put in a quarter and forgot to collect their reward?  I checked four candy dispensers; all empty. One last chance. I opened up the very last dispenser, and to my joyous, dirty surprise, I find a delicious blue gumball just waiting to be devoured. Without any thought or inspection, I excitedly tossed it in my mouth and bit down. At the exact moment of impact from my teeth to the gumball, blue paint bursts all throughout my mouth and starts flowing down my face…Someone put a motherfucking paintball in the gumball machine’s dispenser.  So there I am, a sad, teary eyed grown man in a heavily populated grocery store, freaking out in disgust as I spit blue paint out of my mouth by the candy machines. I’m certain I looked ridiculous, and I’m still brushing my teeth.  &amp;#x200B;  TL;DR  I ate a free gumball which turned out to be fucking paintball. WTF
422	1	I have been on Reddit for over a year and I follow hundreds of subs. I always check to see what's new regularly, however I have never had the courage to say anything.   I have always had really bad social anxiety and I don't talk to people irl, but I am much less intimidated by face to face interaction. Online is different because not only do you have to think and spell out every word your saying, you also have to consider the tone and context of your passage. Also people online are a lot more forward in attacking you for your choice of words or any mistakes you make in spelling/grammer.    Just writing these words and knowing that someone might read it is a huge step for me. I feel so much stress just trying to find the words to say.  The last time I post words online it was on MySpace and I was 15. That was in 2008.   In 2018 I want to find my voice and improve my anxiety. I want to be able to leave random funny comments or share with the world things I have created. I want to contribute to the community even in the smallest of ways. This is my beginning.
267	1	Unfortunately my girlfriend's social skills aren't excellent and as a result whenever she is annoyed at me she is totally incapable of expressing why she is annoyed, so she resorts to totally ignoring me.  Yesterday at 1:00 we were supposed to meet up for a birthday meal for a good friend. In the morning I sent her a few messages saying "what time should I pick you up" and such, all of which went ignored. I decided to just pretend that she was asleep and I went without her. When I arrived I just made a joke saying "I think she's still asleep", she hasn't replied to any of my messages. At about 12:45 I got a string of messages asking where I was and what's going on. I just played dumb and said "Wait, you're ready? I thought you were still in bed or something??"  I knew fine well that she was ready to leave the house but I didn't want to play this stupid game and I don't like the disrespect of being totally ignored like this, so I just decided to not pick her up.  Obviously she was mad at me and had no idea how to express her emotions besides bursts of anger and then ghosting.
57	1	[Light] I use them at friends when I'm saying hello or goodbye, to accentuate points in light arguments, and at my computer to tell it to load quickly. I always snap while I do it too, to make what I guess is a gunfire equivalent.
385	2	I'm the VP of Sales at a software company and one of our sales development reps parents passed away at the beginning of April, sadly they were involved in a car crash and both lost their lives. Now the employee in question in very young 22 year old guy and has been with us for about 10 months now. He's a great employee and we were thinking about promotions in the next \~6 months for him. His job is a high paying one for a new grad, about \~90k with commission and base so we expect a lot from this position. Because of the accident we let him take a 1 month paid leave of absence from work and he's returned a few weeks ago and his performance is severely lacking. He's super unmotivated, not cold calling, out reaching to prospects for the last 2-3 weeks enough since he's come back. Our whole mgmt team has noticed this and we decided to let him go because we feel like he'd need months and months to be able to produce again and we can't just wait that long.   We called him into a meeting on Friday afternoon and gave him the bad news, he was very calm and rude about it. Told us to go fuck ourselves and got up and went to his desk grabbed his few things and left. I thought this was very very unprofessional and extremely rude.   I told my boyfriend about all of this and he said myself and my mgmt team are a bunch of asses and pricks with no hearts.   AITA?
184	3	   This happened about a week ago and I still feel like the worst mother on the planet.  My daughter is ten and sometimes she gets scared and crawls into bed with me and my husband. I also have a really annoying cat that begs for food and I mindlessly push him away at least once a night. It's reflexive and not much wakes me up, not even the kid getting into bed. So, she comes and gets in the covers and goes back to sleep, all while mommy stays soundly asleep. Later in the night, Mommy rolls over, doesn't have enough space, and thinks daughter must be the annoying cat while never waking from her coma. Daughter gets a two handed shove and lands on the floor. Everyone wakes up to, "I'm ok, I'm ok!" I get her back in the bed and profusely apologize. We all go back to sleep.  The next day, they ask if I did it on purpose. I confess that I 100% did it on purpose but I thought she was a cat and I was sound asleep until I heard the thump.  Daughter tells everyone she sees mommy pushed her onto the floor in her sleep. She handled it like a champ.  tl;dr I fucked up by pushing my kid out of bed because I thought she was a cat.
392	1	Basically what the title says. I(34M) have another house I usually rent out. My sister’s family and has been crammed renting tiny apartments with no backyards so I offered to let them rent out my house at a reduced price. It’s in a good neighborhood and we live nearby. The school is great and all our kids are close to each other and they can spend time and play after school and do activities together. It just made sense to me and I want my nephews to have a good life.  My other sister has asked me before whether she and her fiancé could rent the same place from me and I’ve always refused because they weren’t able to afford it and I wasn’t willing to reduce the price. Now she’s angry and saying it’s unfair but in my defense, I don’t understand why I have to be fair? I’m her brother not dad and I don’t owe her anything. AITA?  Info: My other sister and her fiancé are not struggling. But our city is expensive and the place they’re able to afford is like 45 minutes away from their workplace. Our rental is more like 10 minutes away and a nicer neighborhood than theirs.
872	1	It was senior year of high school, and we were doing a partnered assignment in environmental science, tracking the river behind the school to find it’s source. There was an odd number of students and I was okay with working alone.   That day the principal was “observing” the teacher, evaluating her performance. My teacher trusted me, and gave me her laptop to do the assignment, and asked if I would show the principal what we were doing. I agreed and quickly finished my assignment.   The principal and teacher were standing by the door chatting, so I open the PowerSchool app. There it is... all my friends grades, including mine, staring at me in an excel style format.   I notice copious amounts of 0’s by my name, dragging my grade down somewhere in the low 70’s. (I was a minimal effort high schooler) I quickly changed most of the 0’s to 70’s or 60’s. This way it wouldn’t look too suspicious.   My heart was racing as I saved the updated grades, and I didn’t tell anyone for a few years including my best friend/ brother. I never got caught, and I still grin thinking about it 6 years later.
201	2	My best friends sister was over at our house ( we live together) I was washing vegetables, and my best friends sister had her kids over. One of the sons touched a dog we had flea treated (and warned him not to touch) so he ran to the sink where I was washing vegetables and stuck his hands right on top of the food I was washing. I gave him a look of shock (it might have been a dirty look tbh but I didn’t say anything to him, I was so shocked that this kid did this.) His mom didn’t say anything, but my best friend (his aunt) told him to go to the bathroom and wash his hands. My best friends sister is going around telling everyone what a bitch I am, that I’m horrible with kids, and that I shouldn’t be disciplining other people’s children. I am so shocked by this, she keeps telling my best friend to look at her side and I just can’t see where she’s coming from. For reference, this happened this summer and she is still upset. So please reddit, tell me, am I the asshole?
101	3	So this happened a few days ago  I recently got my first city job and there are clearly a few things I still need to learn  The other day I decided to have my lunch in the city square as my office lunch space was being used to host foreign guest.   I sat on a bench next to a hot girl (although we never spoke). I noticed a pigeon walking from bench to bench hoping for a crumb or two with no luck. I wondered why nobody would spare a crumb of their lunch for the poor guy. I thought “damn, city workers really are greedy”   So I got a bright idea. I decided to impress this girl sitting next to me by sharing some of my brownie with this pigeon and show my caring side.   Well it turns out this pigeon was somewhat of a celebrity and within seconds every pigeon in the world and one or two Unhatched eggs swarmed the bench we were sitting on. I mean they were everywhere! On the back rest of the bench, on top of me flapping in my face, everywhere.   What’s worse is that I’m not a fan of pigeons and got straight up and left her there.   The poor girl was just quietly and peacefully eating her lunch and I came along and turned her into pigeon feed.   Guess I won’t be getting her number.   TL:DR I tried to impress a girl by showing my caring side and ended up turning her into the scary pigeon lady in Home Alone 2.
60	3	So about a month ago my boss had my team over to his house for dinner and poker. It was a lot of fun. We ate Mediterranean food, drank beer, told jokes, and played poker. At the end of the night he mentioned that he will definitely have to do this again because he had so much fun.  My department is split into 2 groups. One group is in building A where about 95% of the department members work. My team is in building B and is comprised of 4 team member: team lead, myself, and 2 others. Our boss almost never comes to our building because he says, “we have everything under control” and that he doesn’t have to worry about us. The 4 of us are on friendly terms with the boss and we all get along great.  Well yesterday he comes walking into the building over to where my team sits, and is saying hi to everyone (we haven’t seen him in about 2 weeks). I say “good morning” and then ask him when the next poker night will be. He smiles and says he will plan one soon. Great. Then he leaves for a meeting with my team lead.   Today I get called into the conference room for a meeting with my team lead. He informs me that during his meeting with the boss yesterday, the boss mentioned how unprofessional the poker comment was, and that I shouldn’t be making comments like that.   tl;dr Got reprimanded for asking the boss (who I was on friendly terms with) when the next poker night will be. He complained to my team lead and my team lead told me to behave myself.   Edit: Thanks for all the advice and support everyone, I appreciate it.
495	3	I own my home, an in-home daycare, I’m in school, I’m raising my own 3 little kids alone.  I have a fairly large home and after some discussions with my sister about her goal of buying a home, decided to let them all (her, her partner, their 5 kids.) Move in with me for one year. The pros for both sides were supposed to be that they live closer to where they need to be and can pay off debt, and they help out with my kids while I’m in school and cleaning with the daycare.  It’s been 3.5 months. I have witnessed her spend thousands of dollars on stupid crap, she is a SAHM that barely interacts with her kids and will regularly just leave them all here without telling me she’s leaving, and she’s rude to her partner who works 12 hrs a day and who is the only other person in the house who helps me clean.  They’ve stayed in hotels in the city for fun in two separate occasions, bought an above ground pool that I told her not to buy, threw themselves a wedding, and now I’ve found out (through sleuthing, not from them) that they’re pregnant. That requires a larger vehicle, all new baby stuff, a lot more spending. Her partner, now husband, confirmed with me that nothing has been paid down.  I’m emotionally tapped out, living with them is sucking the life out of me. They aren’t holding up their end of the bargain but I feel so guilty forcing them back into a rental which will likely be way more expensive than their previous one, especially when they’re expecting.
895	1	As a  makeup artist for weddings, I have lots of contacts/acquaintances/friends in the biz and would like nothing more than to offer them my business for my wedding. All have been great, professional and have offered me good rates except one.... I contacted a hairstylist I have worked MANY weddings with and used to be friends with to do my hair for my wedding. Firstly, she required a 3-person minimum (not the end of the world, I guess my bridesmaids can use her services too) but things just went downhill from there. She would take days to respond to my messages, and kept upping her demands (price, timing, etc). Finally, she requested a deposit (which wouldn’t be weird if she wasn’t a personal contact who I know quite well). I said “sure” and she asked I pay by November (no problem!). BUT I asked her to remind me, as I’m planning my wedding, working two jobs, moving and caring for a sick parent, and she refused by saying “actually I’ll need you to remind ME about your booking” because apparently she doesn’t book for 2019 until November (why did she not tell me this at first? And as a personal contact, is it such a big deal to reserve the day now?!). AITA if I said fuck it and went with a hairstylist who has a more professional approach??
147	3	This just happened about an hour ago. I was actually getting dressed and ready for working at home today.   My husband was working in our office and let me know he would be on a phone call. He also asked me to make him a smoothie before he had to leave to go into the office for a bit this morning.  I was in the middle of fixing my hair, naked as I had just gotten out of the shower. But I knew he had a busy day and sometimes forgets to eat so i wanted to make sure he ate and was ready for his busy day.   I go and make the smoothie, still naked as I'm in the middle of getting dressed! And bring it into him not realizing he was on a VIDEO conference call.   I sat it down on his desk and he just turns to me with the most scared look on his face and pushes me away. I then realized I was butt ass naked on his camera in front of his CEO, my brother who also works with him, and a whole team from India.   They all saw, we will get shit for this for a while. I'm going to go crawl in a hole forever.  TL;DR: I walked into my husband's video conference naked and they all saw.
686	2	I don't know if I'll actually go through with it because I love her.   But it's not because of her acne itself. It's actually not that bad and I really don't care about the acne, it's not gross to me or anything. I'd want to break up with her because of her insecurity with it. It constantly bothers her and she's always ranting to me about it and crying about it. And while I feel empathetic most days it's been draining me a LOT lately.   She is always asking what to do, and she has compulsive picking as well so it just keeps getting worse. She always creates these "reasons" in her mind and she never admits that a healthier lifestyle and preventing herself from picking would decrease her overall acne. She keeps thinking that a face product will work after just 1 day or that working out or eating healthy will show results immediately.   It's too much for me, and around 30-50% of our convos are about her acne. I hate talking to her about it. She doesn't take my empathy anymore. Me telling her how I think she's beautiful or reassuring her, or trying to motivate her.. none of it works anymore. Me telling her to not pick at her face doesn't work. Me telling her that exercising helped... she doesn't listen.
397	1	I'm just sorry I didn't find reddit sooner...drs have officially given me 3 weeks.   It might be longer, it might be sooner.  The deets don't matter,  but here's  what does Be kind Love  Love Love!!
894	3	I was high off an edible and was looking for food, earlier that day i bought some cinnamon bagels and left them out. Well i found bagels in the fridge, i bit down leaving a huge half moon teeth mark when i realized they weren’t mine. I freaked cause they’d know if there was a missing bagel so i kinda rearranged them in the packaging so hopefully they wouldn’t notice. All the bagels are gone so it must’ve worked. I am so sorry if you read this dude.
317	3	This actually happened a few years ago, well a little more because I was around 8-10 at the time. I went for a movie, and it was one of those action gun shooting movies that you see all the time (I forgot the name of it). There was a part where they captured the main character and they tied him to a chair. Then, they put a towel over his face and poured a bucket of water on him. I thought to myself “It’s so hot in that room it’s probably not even that bad”. After the movie, I went home and after a while I got bored. Then I remembered the scene from that movie and decided to try it out myself. I went and got a towel, and then laid down on the counter, putting my head under the sink faucet. I put the towel over my face and turned the water on. You can only imagine what happened next. I suddenly realized what was happening in the movie. As soon as I turned the faucet on, I couldn’t breathe. This scared he living shit out of me, and I tried to scream, which made it like 10x worse. I started thinking to myself that I was gonna die. With my amazing problem solving skills I tried to remove my head from under the faucet and hit my head on it really hard. I somehow managed to get the towel off of my head and I was freaking out whilst turning the water off. I just sat on the ground and cried my ass off for like an hour. And that’s how I learned what waterboarding was. Also after about an hour I had a half circle kind of bruise on the top of my forehead from hitting the faucet.  TL;DR Saw a waterboarding scene in an action movie and decided to try it myself, ended with me crying with a bruise on my forehead.
177	3	Obligatory “It’s 7 AM. This didn’t happen today, but very recently.” I have been packing a lunch for work for about the past two months. I pack it usually, but if I’m behind schedule, my fiancée will sometimes help or do it for me.  I got home from work, and we were talking about how the day went. She asked me how lunch was, and I told her it was good and thanked her again. After a pause, she kinda laughed and said “Did you like the note today?!”  Puzzled, I told her I didn’t know what she was talking about. She said “The note. The one I put it your lunch today.” I told her I didn’t see a note. But the way she said “today” made it feel like this wasn’t the first time. I said “Wait. Have you written me a note before?”  She said “Yes. Have you never seen them?” So apparently this is the 9th note she has written on a napkin, and I’ve thrown every one in the trashcan at work.  TLDR: my fiancée was being sweet as per usual, and I was literally throwing it in the garbage can.
181	3	For context I’m a bank teller at one of the biggest banks in the U.S. This is also by far the highest paying job I’ve ever had as I only just graduated high school.  This dude who looked to be on the older side came in and he wanted to know why his debit card kept declining. So I pulled up his account history and there was literally pages upon pages of online purchases. The gag? Every single one of the purchases was OnlyFans. I guess that he subscribed to many many pages......and the craziest part was that they were over the last few days directly after he got paid so he got a bunch of money then blew it all on OnlyFans subscriptions!  When I saw the account history I pretended to cough because I had the biggest urge to laugh but I managed to hold it in. I asked him if he had online banking or if he’d managed to look at his account history recently &amp; he said no. I offered to print it out for him and he said yes please. When I handed the printouts to him, he just said ahhhh. And I came so close to laughing again but I managed to hold it in and be professional. Then I asked if he made those purchases and he just dejectedly said yes. And. I. Giggled. I couldn’t help it. He gave me this weird look &amp; left. Afterwards I had to excuse myself to the bathroom and laughed it all out of my system.  I guess he called in to complain because after I came from my lunch break my manager called me into his office and now we’ve scheduled a call for HR tomorrow. I’m probably pretty fucked..  TL;DR - laughed at a guy when I saw his bank account history was full of OnlyFans subscriptions and I’m prolly gonna lose my job for it
835	1	It started when we were roommates in college. The guy would never take his clothes out of the dryer for the next person to use it. So I started stuffing all the lint into his socks and did it continuously. Till this day when I'm at his house I still do it and I honestly don't think hes caught on... Sorry bro
767	3	This fuck up did happen today. For context I am a 23 year old student who still lives at home and isnt very good at being an adult.   Today i went to the grocery store to buy some convenient things to make for lunch, since i work a summer job trying to pay for school. Usually i go grocery shopping with my dad, and when i went by myself today, i tried to pick out things that would also be good for him to bring to work.  I thought deli meat would be perfectly, but i didnt want to buy the already packaged meat because i heard that the fresh deli cut is slightly healthier? I dont know. But ive never ordered myself from the counter and i dont really pay attention when my dad does it so i try to remember   "Dad usually orders....a pound..maybe? But that doesnt seem the last very long in our house.." so i decide that it's logical to order 2 pounds of sliced ham.   The lady sliced and sliced and sliced and finally she hands be a big, heavy fat bag of stacked meat with a price sticker of $13 dollars slapped on it, and i think to myself "that's a lot of ham...". Then the lady says  "I'm gonna put the other pound in another bag"  and i think "FUCK thats a lot of ham"   So i spent nearly 30 dollars on ham today. Which sucks when youre a student working a summer job to pay for school. I now think my dad probably orders half a pound or something. I dont want my parents to see what ive done, ive learned my lesson. So im gonna try and gift it someone idk.   TL;DR didnt know how much meat to order at the deli. Ended up ordering 2 pounds thinking i was being logical. Spent 30 dollars on sliced ham.
20	2	My kids are Jonah (14M) and Emma (12F) and my husband is Johnny (40M), for clarity.  Emma has always been brighter than is typical for her age, she was reading at 4 and she's even gone to national competitions. We're really proud of her and all she's accomplishing. She's been in the gifted/talented program for a few years now, but now her school wants to take it further. They want her to go to eighth grade this year instead of seventh.  The thing is though, Jonah repeated a year (sixth) so he actually is in eighth grade. It was a hard year for him overall. He's a bit ashamed of that year and it really bothers him that he didn't put in more effort. I don't think it would be good for him if he and Emma share classes, which is very likely because it's a small school. So I declined the skipping grades arrangement and asked if we can just give Emma further enrichment like we've been doing, because she can definitely do eighth-grade work. I thought that would be best for both kids.  The trouble is that when I told Emma what we decided for her, she didn't take it well. She soon grew testy, saying Jonah's school placement "has nothing to do with her". I told her that I was thinking of *both* of them when I made that decision. Emma later went to her room in tears, but she wouldn't let me check on her all evening.   Johnny sided with me, saying it's right that I took both kids into account, but Emma is clearly still bothered and I really didn't want to upset her. I just wanted to be fair to everyone. AITA?
807	1	I’ve been broke because of my reduced hours, but really needed a “pick me up” purchase; something to get me excited about having something fun to do. Quarantine depression is real.   I’ve had my eye on the FujiFilm instax mini camera for a while now, and figured the credit card purchase would be worth the excitement I would get from it.  The cashier put the camera in front of the scanner, stepped away to get something to remove the spider wrap and then she put it in the bag after removing the security device. I didn’t even realize until she was on my 3rd item, and my total was only at $21.   I quietly paid and the guy at the door even checked my receipt and let me through (I think he was mainly focused on the paper towels I had) little did he know I was walking away with a $70 unpaid camera in my bag.
69	3	 Happened this morning on the way to work, I (M21) was in the passenger seat of the work van my coworker was driving. We are driving right next to a school bus with a few elementary school aged kids on it. I look over at it and this girl in probably 4th grade is looking at me. Okay whatever. I look over again a minute later and she still STARING at me. Very deliberately. Okay it’s weird now. (Of course we are on a seemingly never ending 2 lane street right next to this bus).   I decided fuck it let’s stare down then little girl. I take off my hat and press my face against the window and look right at her. She and her Friends seem to be laughing but I couldn’t tell cause of her mask. We stare down for a solid minute before we come to a red light. She’s in the first seat behind the driver. And just as we are taking off straight and they turn, I roll down my window and I do that thing where you point at your eyes then point at there eyes like your watching them. I do this motion out the window as they are turning. I definitely won this one.   Well not but 2 minutes later we are getting pulled over by the police. This never even crossed my mind as the reason. But nonetheless, the cop asks me why I was staring and pointing at a 10 year old girl. I explained, and we shared a laugh. Really awkward, but it is a good story.  Tl;dr- states down a young girl, got cops called on me for it
796	1	Title basically says it all. This wasn’t a professional organized competition. There was some bmx event with a couple hundred people and they always have a chili cook off. I’m not much for cooking so I thought it would be funny to throw a bunch of Wendy’s chili in a crock pot and see if anyone noticed - they didn’t.   I’ve been a vegetarian for roughly twelve years so this was a long time ago.
454	1	I do the laundry for us and this is how I get my revenge when she makes me upset or annoyed. She hates it and tells me to stop doing it but it’s too funny.
232	1	So, I've been seeing my SO for about two years now, and she recently moved about 45 minutes away from where I live.  This normally wouldn't be a huge issue, but she has a medical condition where she can't drive.  She also gets A LOT of money in disabilities services from the state - which she uses pretty liberally.  I work six jobs, and I don't make as much as she does - plus I'm in college.  It's about a $10 round trip to get to her house when I see her, and add to that when we do get together, we have to drive a ways to get somewhere to eat or hang out so I'm easily spending $15 a day to see her - not counting food for myself, etc.  She says it's unfair that I ask her to pay gas money because "You should want to see me too, this way it feels like I'm paying you to see me".  I'm not crazy in saying that she should be paying part of that money, right?
617	1	Long story short, I am half black. I know the history behind the flag and it offends me. However I understand it is your right to wave whatever flag you want, but it is my right to be able to call you an asshole and disassociate myself with them. My fiance just received a Confederate flag from his brother. He wants to hang it up, but I told him hell no. It is either me or the flag. He says it is part of his history and I shouldn't be offended. Is it an asshole move to put an ultimatum like that, saying it is me or the flag? Second: is there any way I can show him how damaging that flag is to people?  Update: We talked and he is keeping the flag. It is one of the things his brother gave him and he wants to keep it. He is not flying it and it will stay locked away in a chest. He has been receptive to talking about what it means and we both agree what it stands for is wrong.
54	1	So on our microwave whenever it’s heating up food, it has this flashing text on the top left of the timer saying “cook.” Well I decided to get out a sharpie and cut off part of the second “o” so it looks like “cock” instead of “cook.” So now, whenever foods is heating up it has the word “cock” flashing in the top left of the timer. So far no one has noticed since the text is pretty small. Wonder how long it’ll take till someone notices. I’m almost 19 and I feel like this is something 15 year old me would do. Guess I did it cause sometimes I’m just bored as fuck at home.
247	3	When I was a kid, I would shower and immediately go to bed without drying my hair. I also had dandruff issues since I could remember. Having an itchy scalp and the occasional teasing from kids was a mild annoyance, so I never sought a remedy.  As an adult, I started using selenium sulfide shampoos that immediately cured my dandruff. It became my daily shampoo for the next 15 years. Somewhere along the line, I also started showering earlier so my hair would dry to avoid bed head. One day my barber mentioned my hair smelled like sulfur as if I was using too much dandruff shampoo. She said I dont need daily treatments with that stuff. So I stopped to see how long it takes for the dandruff to come back so I could make a schedule. It never did.  One random day some years later I suddenly had dandruff. It was at this moment that I finally thought about why I had dandruff. Why now after all these years? I always assumed it was genetic. What changed recently? Was it something I'm doing and not genetic? Then it occured to me. I had a pair of long nights a couple days ago. I showered , but was too tired to dry my hair and fell asleep. I finally googled "wet hair and dandruff" and gained closure for my childhood affliction.  If anyone else out there has a dandruff problem, wet hair cultivates existing microbes in your scalp that causes dandruff. I was propagating them on my pillow every night for 15 years.  TL;DR I slept with wet hair regularly as a kid resulting in moderate dandruff until I was an adult.  *Edit. Glad my post helped all you other flaky headed goobers. Be advised there's other reasons why dandruff occurs so your mileage may vary. Thanks for the awards and rip inbox.
914	1	This has been going on for a few months now, ever since school let out. There are two girls in the neighborhood who are about 8-10 and the oldest about 10-13... I have a video camera outside our apartment and have caught them red-handed. The first package they stole contained puppy pee pads and garbage bags, second package contained a pair of scrubs for work and last week they got a Bluetooth speaker.  Amazon replaced all my packages and I would rather not get the police involved and their parents are real asshats that don't supervise their kids, so I decided to fill a few packages with Chihuahua shit and leave them something special to steal to hopefully teach them a lesson. I also taped notes that said " Dear Children, Stop stealing my shit!" in the boxes along with the turds. Some of the turds are petrified, some were juicy and wet. AITA or am I a diabolical genius?
710	2	Shit was crazy. I didn't even take that much, I was trying out microdosing. I had such an amazing day even though I was doing the most mundane shit.   But then I was home and I opened Snapchat. Booooom. My ugly ass face. You know it's like when you're on LSD. You're not really present so you can look at yourself basically from outside of your body.   I was just staring. I was like daaaaaamn this ugly AF. I didn't even know what emotion to feel. I was kinda surprised that I didn't notice my whole life. I'd always focus on the good features.   I almost couldn't believe it. I went and looked in all the mirrors, I was hitting *all* the angles like my life depended on it. But nah I was still ugly. Then I made peace and put on some Good Kid Maad City.
815	2	A few months ago, my brother and now SIL announced their intention to marry. The invitation to the wedding stated "No dress code. Wear whatever is comfortable for you." In hindsight, I think they put that there since the event was at a lake. I didn't think much of the disclaimer at the time because it's a wedding, I should dress respectably for such an occasion, and I have a healthy selection of formal wear in my wardrobe. I chose a beautiful blue 3 piece suit.  Yesterday was the wedding. When I showed up, I noticed everyone was dressed way more casually than I was. I'm talking Polos, many people wearing shorts, only a few people wearing slacks and button down. I did feel a little out of place. My brother was wearing a suit with no tie, and my SIL was wearing a modest white dress. The only comment I got on my attire during the event was a joke from my dad saying I looked like I'm marrying the SIL, but that was it.  A few hours ago, I got a call from SIL. Holy shit, she is pissed at me! She was asking why I dressed like a pimp, I upstaged her and my brother, and I stuck out like a sore thumb. I referenced the invite, and how she said there was literally no dress code, and I was dressing respectfully. She was going on about how that implicitly meant not formal. I told her that she should've specified "not formal" to leave less interpretation freedom. She asked if I was that retarded. I told her that just because she's family doesn't give her the right to blame a miscommunication on me and call me a retard. I hung up. She spammed my phone with calls, so I blocked her and texted my brother I'll talk to her when she's ready to be less verbally abusive.  Was I in the wrong?
24	2	Recently my roommate and I threw a party at our place about 25 people most of which were my roommates office mates or are in the same degree. Before the party we talked about if any girls were going to be there because we're both single and he didn't think there would be any single girls there. Early on in the party I was chatting with some random friends of his who I also know. Without knowing he was apparently talking to this one girl. Later I saw this girl and was having a nice conversation with her when my roommate comes up and tells me to back off. I ask if the reason hes telling me is because she has a bf. He said no but he wanted to go after her. I was probably 10 drinks in at this point so I just went back to talking to her. I just enjoyed the conversation I wasn't trying to get laid. Pretty quickly we go and play a game of beer pong and then go and sit and talk on some chairs in the corner. She goes home later in the night and my roommate is pissed at me claiming some foul on my part like I had "stole his girl" or something. Its been a couple days since the party and I went on a coffee date with the girl and I enjoyed talking to her even more when we were both sober than when we were hammered. My roommate is still pissed at me though. AITA?
337	1	Don’t even care who sees. Came home from work tonight to find my roommates girlfriends kid in my bed. I don’t care that he has guests over, but my one rule is to respect my stuff and my space.   There was another bed free in the kids room so I told her to go sleep in that one and give mine back.  Roommate is pissed saying I should’ve slept in the kids bed myself (Lol) and left a child to sleep.  I told him he knew I was going to be back tonight and where my bed was, he shouldn’t be putting his guests up in my space.  So, AITA?  Edit: the kid didn’t sneak into the wrong room or anything, they put her there on purpose.  Edit 2 now that I’m more awake and less angry: her kid is 5, roommate and I share a kid (no romantic strings for over a decade, this is absolutely not the issue, I’ve never had issues with him bringing his girls around here until it’s started putting me out of my own space) our son is 10. There’s a kids room with 3 beds, 2 free. Roommates room is downstairs, my and kids room are upstairs across the house right next to each other, so it wasn’t so they could get privacy to bang. I wasn’t rude or mean to the kids, just said hey go sleep in the kids room, I don’t think your mom knew it was my bed (she did). This living arrangement is temporary and trust me, I’m trying to move out ASAP, this market is not forgiving though. The fact that I was yelled at for wanting my own bed is purely what brought me here, because roommate has zero awareness of when he’s possibly in the wrong, so petty me would like to show him how 500 strangers disagree. Thank you
571	3	So I have issues with sleep. I can never seem to fall into it at the correct time.   After a nice Christmas trip visiting my family, during which I slept very poorly, I got back home and decided to have a couple friends for New Year's Eve. Like me, they didn't have any plans so it seemed like an ideal situation for a small get-together. I bought champagne and snacks in preparation for being a good host.  One of my friends didn't get off work until 8 and they live about a half-hour away. Adding that to traffic I figured they'd get to me at around 9pm. I had a few drinks. At about 7pm I laid down for a power-nap as I was running on about 3 hours of sleep from the night before. I set an alarm on my phone for 7:30.  Fast-forward to 5:00 am. I wake up, get my bearings, and go "Oh no..."  They showed up, didn't have a place to park (I would have moved my car into the garage had I been, you know, awake and not a stupid dick) and tried calling me a total of ten times.  Not a peep from me as I was apparently dead to the world during all of this.   Still don't know what they ended up doing. I have a lot of apologizing to do as they drove 45+ minutes to come out to see me planning to spend the night. I feel fucking terrible.   TL;DR- I left my friends high and dry on New Year's Eve because I wanted a nap.  **UPDATE: They aren't mad, just happy that I'm okay. I'm hauling my champagne over to them for mimosas over brunch.**  **UPDATE: We had a great New Year's day drinking and couch-sitting. Thanks to all who wished us well, it turned into one of my favorite New Year's ever.**
812	1	I (18M) really doesn't like having people but this girl has been touching me despite me telling her to stop doing it.   This tuesday I was playing on my phone when she sat down next to me asking me what I did on my phone. I told her, but then she started petting my hair telling me that it felt like her cats fur.      I touched her stomach and said that it felt like a hippo. She started crying and since that she and her friends have been treating me like I am the second coming of Lucifer
482	2	I have to talk about it to someone, I can't keep the secret anymore. I have cancer, brain cancer, discovered way too late to do something about it. In a month I'll probably be gone. I just said to my friends that I'm going to my family for a month, too bad I'm not coming back. I don't want them to see me die. I had the dream of becoming an actor, now is a little late for that. Don't take your life for granted, one day you might find that it will be way shorter than you imagine. I don't want to be treated like a victim, I just wanted to take everything I had weighting on my stomach and throw it all out.  Edit: wow, thank you so much for the support, it means a lot to me. You guys are fantastic  Edit 2: I read all your comments, and it warms my heart like nothing else. Sorry if I don't answer but you guys are so much that it would be impossible, still thanks again. Love you all.  I want to say something to you: throughout the day, ask yourself "if I die right now, would I be happy with what I did in my life?", if the answer is yes then keep doing what you're doing, if the answer is no then something has to change. Hope this helps.  Live life to the fullest.
114	2	My (25M) sister (27F) has always been the 'party animal' of the family. It wasn't a surprise when she got pregnant after sleeping with a guy she didn't even know the name of, in fact, we all kinda expected it.   I admit that we've always enabled my sister, so when she came to me for a place to stay, well, I couldn't say no.   She's about six months along now, and has been voicing complaints about my pets. I have a dog and a cat. My sister is convinced that both of them are dangerous. She thinks that the dog, because he's a pitbull, will attack either her or the child, and is convinced that the cat will smother the baby in his sleep. I wasn't even aware that she was going to stay that long, but whatever.   A few days ago, she came into my room, made small talk, and then said that she wanted to get rid of my pets. Just like that. I assured her countless times that the pitbull isn't aggressive and that the cat won't even go near the baby but she refuses to listen. She said "Its either me staying or the pets staying."   So, she left.   Apparently, she's got a boyfriend now, and evidently told him about the situation. She gave him my phone number, and he called me and told me that I was a selfish, piece of s#hit brother and that my sister is devastated that I chose the pets over her.   AITA?
169	3	When I was 15, I got myself pregnant unintentionally. I was a very promiscuous horny teenager and I wasn't exactly safe about it. Sometimes I used condoms, sometimes I didn't. I got really worried when I started experiencing the usual symptoms of morning headaches and nausea and skipped my period, so I took a pregnancy test and what I feared was true, I was pregnant.   I had no idea how to react to this. For one I was utterly terrified and I wanted to get rid of it. In a way it felt parasitic, the thing inside me with the power to fuck my life up. I have very Christian parents who would have disowned me for having an abortion, but I knew they would actually love to raise this kid. However, I hated the idea. I had problems with eating at the time and didn't want to gain the pregnancy weight and I just didn't want a child.   I guess I'm making excuses, even now. I started a smoking habit very promptly, since I'd heard in science lessons that one of the effects of smoking can be miscarriage. I barely ate at all, and if I did I threw it up, all in the hopes of starving it as if I was trying to get rid of a fever. It didn't work. I gave birth to her far too early and as a result she is blind. I gave her away and haven't heard from her since, she's 8 by now. My parents were surprisingly supportive and I got the help I needed for my eating disorder and I still go to regular therapy. I just had to get it off my chest.
763	3	After a recent Doctor visit, I was really shocked to see what my 4 kids weighed.My 13 year old daughter was 190lbs,my 11 year old son was 170lbs,my 9 year old son was 155lbs and my 8 year old daughter was 150lbs.The checkup also showed some worrying blood pressure and blood sugar levels for all of them.It honestly blew my mind jut what the hell happened.My wife and I are both morbidly obese ourselves(me:448, her:445) and we have so much stuff happening in our lives like work and everyday I come home, I feel physically wrecked because I'm diabetic and have arthritis which is incredibly painful so I either finish some paperwork or just watch tv because I simply don't have the energy to do anything.We both really don't have any cooking skills so we tend to order out instead, that combined with how busy our days are basically made our kids gain weight.I feel a shit ton of regret for it and I wish I never let this lifestyle ruin my life.
363	3	Let’s start off by saying I’m a single dad and my son is in kindergarten. His teacher sent out a message yesterday that said “Tomorrow for Pi day we have a parent bringing in a snack.” I had only glanced at it. Ten minutes later, I got a message from my son’s mom asking if I have a matching set of Pjs for him to wear. I replied yes, and then never looked at the teacher’s email again.    Fast forward to this morning, and I dress my boy in his favorite Pjs and take him to school. As I approach, I notice that no one else is wearing Pjs and my son is trotting around in bright red spider man pajama pants. So I get him to the door of the school, send him in, and immediately pull my phone out to look at the email. I had to read it twice before I noticed that it didn’t say “Pj Day” at all, but fucking “Pi Day!”   So I sent an email to his teacher explaining the mix up and asked her to make him feel comfortable today. She said she glossed it over with the other kids and made it a non issue. Luckily, they are only 5-year-olds in kindergarten with little self awareness.   So sorry, son! Here’s a little lesson on being different!!  TL;DR - Sent my son to school in his pajamas because I had misread “Pi Day” as “Pj Day” in a school email. His teacher made it a non issue in class and it didn’t scar my son for life, hopefully.
698	1	So theres not too much to say, I guess I'm more curious in others opinions on this.  I am an approx 22.5 year old man, I recently snagged a really really good job.  I work as a corporate level administrator in the trucking industry.  It's been a pretty sweet gig so far and have no complaints as of yet (2 months in). I would also like to preface the following with saying that I work with a very diverse staff of coworkers who are all as professional as they can be, rarely is it that someone cant pull their own weight.   About a week ago I was walking through the parking lot to my car after the end of the day, and I was looking at the sunset through the chain link fence.  As my eyes darted around i happened to notice a pink metal plate bolted onto the fence, I thought to myself "woah, what's that and how did i not notice it before?" So i started reading it and I was immediately greeted with slight disappointment.  Basically, it read as follows "FEMALE EMPLOYEE PARKING SPACE ONLY!" with a large symbol in the middle of the sign which is also seen on women's public bathrooms.    Now, let me clarify I am not "Irate" or "fuming" about it, but I dont really buy into the whole chivalry, white knighting culture that the men of previous generations upheld *fedora intensifies*.  I even asked my fiance when I got home, just to get a female insight on it.  She said she thought it was stupid.  I guess I'm just coming from the territory of you can show that your a diverse company dedicated to equality, without making tedious or unimportant decisions like special parking.  Just my two cents on it though.
731	3	This was one of the most gut wrenching things ive done in a while, I was so scared to even say anything to her because I was scared of having to face the consequences of what I did when I was younger.  But she forgave me, and told me she wanted to start crying when she saw my message because she didn't thing anyone would say sorry for how they treated her. I told her I didn't deserve her compassion or kindness and started crying as well.  We talked for a little bit, asking eachother what were doing now and what we plan on doing. I feel like a weight has been lifted off of my shoulders. I'm so grateful.  Edit: Wow! My first reddit gold! Thank you so much kind stranger, I appreciate it &lt;3
544	2	While sitting next to my girlfriend on a plane I was bored as fuck and looking at the maps are that are found in the back of the airline magazines. A conversation led to her revealing that she did not know where Florida was on the map. Keep in mind she had graduated a private high school and is currently going into her senior year of college. Conversation progressed further into me finding out she could not point out AUSTRALIA either. I was visibly astonished at this revelation and essentially said "...are you kidding." She immediately got defensive calling me an asshole for making her feel stupid. I do feel bad for making her feel stupid, although I feel as if my reaction to her not being educated on such elementary shit was warranted and may even be a wake up call for her to learn some basic geography... AITA?
26	2	I have a complicated relationship with my neighbors. It’s a very large and very conservative Sudanese family that’s totally freaked out by my “slutty Scandinavian” ways according to my other neighbor. It’s summer and I do enjoy a nice sundress or short shorts which has been a very hot topic for my conservative neighbor, apparently I’m “asking for attention” while walking to and from my car.   I overhear a lot of their backyard arguing and a couple of times the arguments have been about the husband supposedly watching me sunbathe. I’ve never seen him do that, we have a 7 foot privacy fence but the wife seems extremely insecure about it. We’ve never had any sort of direct problem, other than passive aggression on their part and since I’m perfectly comfortable ignoring them I haven’t paid them much mind.   I have 2 outside cats. We live in a pretty rural area so that’s very common. Today when I was getting my mail my neighbor walked out and told me that if my cat ever came into her property again she would kill it. I’ve never had any sort of a confrontation with this woman so this is clearly something she’s projecting onto me and just boiled over. I don’t know what came over me but I told her that if ANYTHING happened to my cat I would fuck her husband. She just looked shocked.   I have a feeling this is going to bite me in the ass but since threatening her with violence would cost me the legal high ground I’m pretty happy with my answer. My husband is also on board and thinks it’s hilarious, if she hurts my cat I can do whatever I want to her husband.
290	3	I'm not a native english speaker and, until a couple of minutes ago, I thought "op" meant other person and not original poster. I saw people saying "I agree with the op" and I was always SURE they meant other person, lol. [Light]
198	3	We were having a group zoom discussion. I was on the call with my SO. The moderator started to wrap up the discussion and said, "okay, now we are going to watch a video". I had my hand on the mouse pad and started to move the cursor out of the way to see the video.  I heard my SO start to say, "wait, wait". I thought he wanted to ask a question or add something to the discussion.   It all happened so fast.    I unmuted our mic only to have him let out the loudest wettest fart. It echoed through the call. As soon as I realized what was happening, I tried to mute our audio as quickly as possible. The damage was done. I had to go off screen, he had to get off the screen too. We were on the floor, laughing extremely hard. I was bawling with tears streaming down my face as I told him it's being recorded. We still have a few more hours on this call.  He said he saw me moving the cursor and thought I was unmuting it to ask a question or add a comment and was telling me to wait.  TL:DR- SO said wait while we were on a zoom call, unmuted him and he farted loudly.
12	2	I was walking down the aisle and she rounded the corner and blocked me, then left the cart in my way while she popped back around the corner for something off the shelf.  I took the butter and milk from her cart and returned them to the shelves, so that she will get home without her essentials.  This served no purpose, she will not learn anything, it was just petty and I am ashamed of it.
989	2	I can go to the supermarket and forget why, but I am good at trivia games. I love the mechanics of figuring out an answer. And to be honest, I don’t understand why more people are like that. I don’t think I’m a super genius, I’m just curious and able to remember facts.  What prompted this post was a team building activity at work. Done through Zoom because we all work from home. The activity was “Name That Tune”. I got the first two, and some people were joking about muting me. Because I did the same thing at Christmas.  I held back to give other people time to reply, but they didn’t, so then I gave the answer. If I knew it. I didn’t know them all. But I knew things like “that cover of ‘Dream A Little Dream of Me’ was sung by Cass Eliot, who was in the Mamas and the Papas”.  This is far from the first time I’ve dominated at trivia. I was a teenager when the Trivial Pursuit game came out. One of my parents’ friends refused to play with me, after I won the first game.   I was on a team where one of the guys had a trivia game calendar, and they would play it when I wasn’t at my desk.   I never say “wow, I’m better than you” or be boastful or try to put anyone down. I just really like to figure out the answer. I don’t know everything, I’m weak in sports and some genres of music or movies. When I like something, I like to learn about it.   I’m wondering if I’m missing social cues. I don’t like the idea of pretending not to know something for social reasons, I can be shy and reserved, but I come alive at trivia games.
629	2	I am in highschool. I’m a really tall and skinny girl. I do NOT have a eating disorder.   One of my annoying classmates came over to me the other day, put her hands AROUND MY WAIST without permission, and said “Oh my God, I can feel your ribs. You should eat more and gain weight because that can’t be healthy.”  I looked her in the eye and told her maybe she should eat less and lose some weight. She is a bit chubby. She started to cry when I said that. My friends were supportive of me but she made me feel really bad.  AITA?
234	3	I've always smoked in my apartment but I had a female over that day that I couldn't see on 4/20 and she had on weed socks and he was in his truck while we were outside smoking a cig. We go inside and light up a joint we pre rolled full of really loud bud, and lit up. Smoked Damn near the entire thing while watching a movie. About 45 minutes into the movie, I hear three very loud knocks on my door and see him through the peep hole. I immediately spray myself (stupid, whatever), and open the door and step out closing it behind me.  He introduced himself, asks if I remember who he is and what he does. Explains that he can smell from outside and inside his apartment below and to the left of us. He's upset he had to explain what the smell was to his daughter, and was upset that other families around me likely had to smell it. Told me that between my friends socks and the smells he has enough that he doesn't even need a warrant.  He then says he's coming to me as a neighbor, not a police officer. He says he appreciated me helping him find gear for his daughter to skate, and that he's never had problems with me and that he thinks it should be legal, but that I need to find somewhere else to do it, and that if it happens again he won't be so nice. I had the biggest heart attack of my life, my anxiety was ridiculous. Even though it's only misdemeanor in my state I'm still not trying to deal with it.   Tldr: lit up some loud and got a visit from the police.
735	3	We were at our local grocery store, and my mom told me to grab a can of sloppy joe. I grabbed it and put it in my pocket so I didn’t have to carry it around. I completely forgot about it and when we had it for dinner that night I knew that we did not deserve that vile joe mix. This has haunted me for months, thank you.
656	1	We had a family dinner this evening. My family has four kids in total: me, my elder sister (29F), younger sister (24F) and youngest brother (22M).  Extended family attended our family dinner. So all of our significant others, our cousins, aunts and uncles etc. During the dinner my elder sister and youngest brother got into a mild disagreement. My sister seemed (at least to me) to be coming across as very aggressive out of frustration and losing said argument. The two of them were too absorbed in their argument to realise the rest of us were getting a bit fed up.  Eventually my sister got really fed up and said “Shut up, I’m not going to argue with a 22 year old virgin.” My brother hadn’t done any personal attacks up until that point, it was completely unprovoked. I think it might have been the alcohol as my sister is a mean drunk.   Anyway, I immediately told my sister to grow up and that she was making an embarrassment of herself. She replied by saying everyone knows he’s a virgin and she didn’t say anything wrong. This annoyed me as my bro definitely has confidence issues and doesn’t need to be made fun of like this.  So I responded by saying how she slept with well over a hundred men while she was in college, and that since everyone in the family knows this it’s not a big deal right? Turns out her husband didn’t know this amazingly, I genuinely assumed he must have known. he left the party angrily and is saying my sister mislead him about her past.  Family is blaming me for their marital problems. I refuse to accept I did anything wrong. My sister bullied my brother in front of everyone, all I did was give her a taste of her own medicine.
243	1	I work in a fairly major city that has parking meters for every space, and "no parking" signs for the rest. About 5 years ago I figured out a way to make the parking meters read "out of order", and have avoided paying the city to park ever since. I don't feel bad about it in the slightest. I'm sure other drivers who happen upon my meters after I leave are very grateful.
277	2	So basically what the title says. He made salmon, rice and veggies for dinner. When it was time to eat, I made sure to taste everything how it came out. Complimented him and then added chili oil and furikake to my rice. It’s a habit to add toppings and I usually add these to whenever I make salmon dinner. He got upset and said it’s as if I didn’t like how it originally tasted and he was offended. I was confused and I explained it’s like adding hoisin and sriracha to pho or asking for hot sauce at a diner. I brushed it off and that made him apparently super pissed so he picked up my plate while I was eating and demanded I stop giving off an attitude and apologize. Obviously I was shocked and pissed when he did that. At the end he threw the food in the trash and now we’re just in separate rooms fuming. AITA?
78	2	When I was 13, I was using my dad's phone and I was dumb and very clearly wrong when I opened a text that popped up from my stepmom. She was a few months pregnant at the time.  A few texts up I saw that my dad had sent a text saying:  "Alice (my mom) is being a bitch again. I'm so glad I get to have a baby with someone I actually love."  To which my stepmom replied:  "And I can't wait to have a kid without her awful genes mixed in."  Which my dad found very funny based on his response.  The reason I remember these texts so clearly is because I sent a copy of them to my mom.   I knew my dad and mom hated each other. But I felt extremely insulted and betrayed by the texts because they directly involved me.  I refused to stay at my dad's house ever since and when my dad took my mom to court, I told the judge that I can't live with him anymore.   My dad and stepmom spent a very long time apologizing. He does seem genuinely sorry because he has cried in front of me.  But I can't really bring myself to forgive him.   I also know I shouldn't have snooped. But I can't unsee those texts.  AITA?
917	3	As with most things this happened last week. I'm currently deployed in the middle east. We got off work a little later than expected and missed the galley hours so we stopped at the mini mart on base to grab some food. They have a decent selection mostly just your typical gas station food. So some guys grab cold sandwiches or microwavable burritos, I decided to go for the chef boyardee classic spaghetti and meatballs. Now you have to heat you food at the mini mart because they don't trust us with microwaves in our rooms. You'll understand why soon enough. I put my spaghetti in the microwave and set the timer.  We are just bullshiting in the mini waiting for our food when all of a sudden a loud bang what sounded like a gunshot goes off behind us and without skipping a beat there were 4 marines M16s raised yelling at everybody to get down as they make their way through the shop clearing the isles straight towards us. That's when I realized I forgot to remove the metal top from the spaghetti. I had to show them the inside of the microwave now covered in spaghetti sauce and meatballs before they finally relaxed and put their guns down. I ended cleaning the microwave and buying a second chef boyardee.      TL;DR I microwaved a chef boyardee with the metal top on creating a small spaghetti bomb surrounded by a bunch of trigger happy marines Creating a really world close quarters drill.
699	3	Alright so let’s start this with a little context because right off the bat reading the title you’ll be like wtf?   So my wife and 3 year old daughter play tag pretty much on a daily.  And more accurately it’s more of a chase me chase me game, my daughter never chases back when caught. Anyways, the game usually starts by my daughter telling my wife “Mommy, get my booty! Get my booty mom” and off to the races they go.   Obviously this is a game that both parents play and she’ll also usually request that we be a dinosaur, monster, tiger, etc. This get my booty thing is also something she says at daycare now when playing with friends but luckily everyone thinks it’s cute and we haven’t gotten any feedback on it.  This brings us to last night. The wife is upstairs with our little boy giving him a bath when my daughter jumps on the couch, puts her butt right next to my face and yells “GET MY BOOTY DADDY!” To which I reply nonchalantly “I’m going to eat your booty! Nom nom nom” since her butt was right next to my face.   I immediately regret it because she jumps off the couch and starts yelling “EAT MY BOOTY DADDY! EAT MY BOOTY” and takes off running. Dear lord, what have I done?! I try to go into damage control and revert back to Get your booty, but it’s too late, eat my booty is the new tag.   I took her to daycare this morning, I hope she forgot all about it. I’m dreading picking her up.  TL;DR my daughter yells Get my booty to initiate games of tag. With her jumping on the couch and shaking her butt right next to my face I instead say I’m going to eat your booty! She now yells EAT MY BOOTY to imitate the game instead.
445	3	I’m laying on my couch right now. I should be asleep but I’m in pain as a result of my shameful clumsiness. I was running late for a date because I got off work late. I shot out a courtesy text, informing her that I needed to wash up. So, I hopped in the shower. I work in a shop that makes fiberglass products, and the itchiness of fiberglass shards is maddening. Needless to say, not showering wasn’t an option. I was trying to be quick, but I left my body wash in my gym bag. I could have got out if the shower to get it, but I chose not to. I used the bar soap that was already in the shower. I soaped myself super thoroughly, probably too thoroughly. I thought I felt something slimy on the bottom of my foot, but I figured it would wash off. As I stepped forward to grab the face wash, which was just out of reach, I slipped and fell backwards. There was a chunk of friggin soap on my heel. I grabbed the shower curtain but I was moving too fast and it just slipped between my fingers. You know that metal thing that you pull up to redirect the water? I fell on it. It penetrated me. Physically and spiritually. Probably Psychologically as well. I spent my “date” in the er. No stitches needed, but there is some localized swelling and bruising. Also, no sex for at least a week. I’m a dude.  TL;DR   Slipped in the shower. Got poked in the b hole.
595	1	I know the tittle sound awful, but hear me out?  I ( 48 M) own my own house (a three bedroom house) and my brother (M mid 20's) live with and pay 1/3 of the market price for a room in this area, just enough to pay for his part on the utilities.  My brother have a GF who doesn't live with us but spend most nighs here (think, more or less 15/16 nights a month) and i must say, it must be good to be young because they f\*\*\* all night log. how i know it? is because she is loud and i mean p\*rn star level so the nights she is here i can't sleep because os her screaming "f\*\*\* my ass!!!" all night long.  So last week, after she stayibg here for the night two weeks in a row she decided it would be a good idea to move in with my brother, but instead of sharing the room with him she would take my other free room. she told him her idea and he told me, i told him to call her so we could talk, she came and i said that if she gonna move in she will pay full rent.  She blew up on me when i told her how much the market rent was. i believe she thinked that she would be living here rent free since she was my brother GF and demanded to know why i would charge her with full price, i was sleep deprived and cranky as hell, so my mouth was faster than my brain and i said that since i wasn't the one f\*\*\*ing her in the ass she would nedd to pay full rent, she became silent and red while my brother was laughing his butt off on the floor.  after that she stormed out the house and since than my brother is the one hanging out at her place and i must say, i ove the silence, but AITA?
68	1	I have a female co-worker who repeatedly calls me out regarding my weight. I'm female 5'9" 115lbs and very thin. She is very overweight. All the time she makes comments about my weight. She doesn't call me by name she calls me "slim" and I even heard her say one time "go ask toothpick" and she has said stuff like "you need some meat on your bones" &amp; "you need to eat". I have only worked there 8 days. I have asked her very nicely to stop. Yesterday I asked her to stop calling me slim again and she basically said it's her mouth and she can say what she wants.   Today when she said "morning slim" I replied "morning chunky" and she got upset and actually started crying. Everybody here at work, (only 6 of us total) is saying I'm wrong and I should apologize because being called fat is "different" than being called skinny because being called skinny is a "compliment". I said as long as she calls me slim, I will call her chunky and now I'm the bad person. AITA if I don't apologize? The owner/manager has completely ignored the situation saying it's "a high school issue and we should figure it out".
90	1	throwaway for obvi reasons.   So fun little story. I work at an animal hospital. We treat many of our local K9's . There is this one K9 who came in for its routine vax and check up. Well, i happened to have my stash in my purse because i picked it up before i left for work and forgot to put it in my car before heading into my hospital.   The day is busy and starts to slow down. Then i see my favorite K9 Rex come in. I greet him as usual, and his handler lets me hold him and give him some treats. Rex just finished his narcotics training, and sure enough put his skills to the test with his nose right into my purse. At first i played it off and his handler said he was so sorry Rex did that, but confused at to why he alerted him for drugs, at first i froze because i knew my stash was in there...but then, i remembered....i had cheese in my purse!! So quick thinking, i pull out the cheese and say "Oh my god! he totally went for my cheese!!" and gave Rex a piece. And thats how i  saved my ass from getting arrested for having mary jane at work :).
394	1	Throwaway for anonymity sake incase this does go further.   To preface this, I (24F) am vegan, and have been for a good 10 years. I have not eaten meat since I was roughly 3-4 years old when I found out where meat comes from (spoiler alert: there were a lot of tears). This is no secret and everyone in my life knows and respects this - or so I thought.    Four nights ago, I was at a party and I will admit, I got white girl wasted. My friends thought it would be funny to feed me chicken nuggets as a prank. I checked with them before chowing down "are these vegan?" To which my friends replied "yeah, they're sunfed" (a type of vegan chickenless chicken). They tasted off to me but I figured it was just because I was drunk. I was wrong.   I found out the next day when my sister sent me a message telling me to check my friends Snapchat story. The story was them showing the nugget packaging, and then showing them giving them to me (including the conversation where I asked if it was vegan). The and then later them mocking me and pretending to be me when I found out I ate meat (things like fake crying and yelling "the CHICKENS!!!"). I took a screen recording of the video and took it to the police, on the grounds of food tampering, and now 3 of my (ex) friends are facing charges.   They all think that I'm overreacting to a 'harmless' prank, so Reddit, AITA? In my view, they took advantage of my drunken state, tampered with my food, and publically humiliated me. In their view, it was just a prank.
155	3	Should I use a throwaway for this? I have no idea but here goes. I borrowed my mother's earphones a while ago and forgot to unpair them (sorta didn't think I had to tbh). Well that came back to bite me in the ass today. I was watching some porn (ones with very vocal pornstars), and had my device connected to my headphones.   Anyways apparently my mum switched her earphones on and for some reason my device got connected to it and the audio switched over to her earphones...  I had a few dumb minutes thinking why the audio wasn't working and I was turning the volume up and down trying to get it to work again and my mom called me, handed her earphones to me and left the room without a word. While she was leaving I asked her if they weren't working and she replied "No they're working very well."  It took me a few minutes to figure out what had happened and I immediately fled to my room to type this out. Send F for condolences :")  TL;DR fucked up by forgetting to unpair my mother's earphones from my device.
674	2	I (21 F) and my childhood bestie. Have always been friends and she got engaged 5 months ago to her boyfriend of 6 months. We had planned our weddings since we were 14 and she wanted a castle wedding with a ballgown. Two months ago she found her dream castle in which she booked the wedding in 4 months. She just asked for a 280 dress for us plus for us to pay 1/10 of a 2000 wedding dress there's 6 bridesmaids which is 200 dollars plus a 14000 Bachelorette party which 2333.34 per person and a 600 bridal shower. The total is 2,913.34 which i can't afford i am still in university and finish in a few months  before the wedding but I am 100,000 in debt. I told her I can't pay for her wedding dress and 14000 Bachelorette party. Not even including the flight. She wanted us to also pay for makeup and hair we are not allowed togther. She also wants my hair dirty blonde I am a red head and can't dye it back. She also wants us to get her wedding gifts from the registry and pay for our own dinner. I told her at this point I can't afford that and she freaked out saying I am an A-hole cause it's her big day and I helped her plan it at 14. I told her I am not in a financial situation to do this but I can try to work my butt off to afford it. AITA if I tell her I cant afford this i don't want to ruin her wedding and our friendship. So I ask AITA
418	3	Okay, I lived in an area where there were no ice cream trucks because the houses were all spread out. So anytime I was at my friend Billy’s house I was excite for the ice cream. Unfortunately, the ice cream truck seemed to have recurring mechanical problems so it was very inconsistent   The thing I really loved was the special garbage he had built into the truck. It was fun. You had to open a little door, unscrew the top to the garbage and roll your wrapper up real tight to fit through the hole in the garbage department. I mean tight, almost like a pencil.   Fast forward about 8 years to when I start driving. I go to fill up the first time and realise every car has s built in garbage but it’s actually the gas tank.   Yup, I ruined his gas tank repeatedly and was upset he had such a crappy truck that kept breaking down.   Before this, I had no idea so it wasn’t malicious. I am sooo sorry ice cream man. I was an idiot, not a dick. I hope life paid you back for the stupid expenses I cost you.
300	1	I literally do 0 work.  My job is to quality check mortgage applications over the phone. I’m suppose to listen to the call and then click “pass” if the agent in the call did everything correct. Or click fail if they did something wrong.  I haven’t clicked fail for 3 years. And nobody has picked up in it.   I sit at me desk and watch YouTube videos or films from 123movies. Im late all the time and sometimes it in joggers from Cycling to work.  If they look at my internet history I’ll be sacked instantly but they never have.
727	2	Obligatory "not actually today," but July 2016. I was on a beach vacation with my wife, 9yr old and 7 yr old daughters. The kids had been pestering me about getting a pet. In my infinite fatherly wisdom, I promised the girls they could "have a seagull" if they could catch it. Because, come on, that just ain't gonna happen.  Later in the week, I am lounging in my beach chair when...I shit you not... my oldest daughter nabs a seagull in a butterfly net. After many seconds of cheering from both daughters and confused gray and white flapping, I managed to collect my jaw off the sand. I ordered my daughter to let the bird go.  Both daughters were quite pissed off because it had taken them days to formulate and successfully execute their plan to acquire a pet. The story does have a happy ending. I did promise the girls a pet so we adopted a puppers. I have learned to never promise anything to the kids I can't deliver no matter how far fetched it seems. I've also learned to *never* underestimate the abilities of two young girls who have their heart set on a goal.  TL;DR I promised my daughters they could keep a beach seagull as long as they could catch it bc I knew it would never happen. Except that it did happen. I half-kept my promise by exchanging the seagull for a puppy.  Edit: Cooper the alt-seagull https://ibb.co/dyL9Sv  Edit 2: thank you so much reddit for the stories and responses, holy inbox!
200	3	This actually happened about an hour ago. I'm just now starting to come out of my humiliating shock.  So...I'm sitting at mass listening to the reading when I feel a slight grumble in my stomach,  "uh oh...gas."  No biggie, this has happened before, I'll either wait for a song and let it go or wait for the homily (sermon for you protestants) and sneak over into the bathroom and take care of business. But alas, my body had other plans.  We stood to chant the psalm, the pressure is building, I'm starting to panic, not sure if I can hold it. We finish the psalm and the church goes to sit and just as I land on the pew...  IT HAPPENED!  Now this wasn't a quick fart, it was one of those that lasted a few seconds, a cheek rumbler, and the sound was amplified by the solid oak pew. It created a lovely vibrato that echoed off the walls and filled the church with what could best be described as Gabriel's trumpet.  The church was quiet for a few seconds then the giggling started, I looked up to the altar and the priest was physically trying not to laugh, the second reader ascended the altar. At this point, there is muffled laughter all around...then...it happens...  The priest stands up at his chair, says "I'm sorry...I'm sorry...I can't..." and he runs off to the side entrance to the sacristy, I can hear him laughing.  At this point I decide it's a total loss, I shame facedly duck out of the back of the church, run to my car and have been hiding in my house ever since.  TL;DR  Farted during mass, made the priest laugh and now I gotta find another church.
511	3	This happened just moments ago.  I have a co-worker that works in a separate department.  In my old position we had to communicate fairly regularly, but since changing positions I rarely see him.  It has been about a year and a half since I have seen him and I was surprised to see him in my area today.  He has lost about a hundred pounds so I thought it would be a nice gesture to recognize and compliment him.  I said it was good to see him again and rather enthusiastically told him he looks great and to keep up the hard work.  He responded with a cold smile, said it was nice running into me, and just continued walking.  We aren't incredibly close but we usually stop for small talk, which I was completely expecting as I awkwardly stood in the hallway.    When I got back into my office I brought up the weight loss to my office-mate and said our coworker really looked great, and he was inspiring.  My office-mate somberly responded that he was diagnosed with cancer and has been losing the weight because of that.    TL;DR I enthusiastically complimented a co-worker about his weight loss, got a cold response, then learned he was diagnosed with cancer.
40	2	It was the absolute right thing to do for her. Her bio mother and I were in no place where we could EVER provide the life she would deserve. She deserved a good school, good neighborhood and a fighting chance. We just couldn't do that.... However, I am on a mission trying to track down her adoptive parents because I just want a picture. I just want to see her so badly I wonder who she looks like more, me or her mom. I wonder who's teeth, eyes, hair and voice she will have.     I don't want to take her from her family now but I just want to watch from a far. I love you Isabelle.      **Edit**: So, I've gotten a lot of PM's saying how they wish they could find either a bio parent or a adopted out child. Can I ask is there a sub for that while I have everyone's attention, so I can link it. Or, if not would anyone be willing to make one with me?
207	2	Okay so, throwaway account because I don't know how much of a legal issue this is. But basically, I worked at a fast-food place and was fifteen when I got the job. I filled out my own application and didn't know shit about child labor laws because I was fifteen. So I just wrote the I was available until close. They had my birth certificate, they knew my age. So I figured they would schedule me appropriately because, guess what, fifteen-year-olds aren't allowed to work past 7 p.m.   Cut to me about a month into the job and I was working from 4-10 almost every day after school. No one said anything to me, so I never said anything to them. I asked my friend about it who worked there and he assured me they'd change it. They never did. And I needed the hours so I just rolled with it. I'm also assuming they disregarded most of my application because I specifically asked off on Wednesdays and certain hours on Mondays and both of those requests weren't met and I worked Wednesdays all the time. But of course, I never said anything because I was terrified of them realizing I was fifteen and me going to jail or something. Again, I don't know how it works.  Also if any of y'all know the specifics of who would get in trouble in this situation because it caused lots of anxiety in the five months of me working there as a fifteen-year-old. I know that since I was a minor, it wouldn't be like me going to jail because they never explicitly asked my age. It was never brought up and I never technically "lied" to a manager about being 16. But I definitely figured out that I was breaking the law like a few weeks into it. In the end, I got paid double all my friends so who's the real winner.
531	3	So let me give some context on how this happened, a while ago i tried out an e-cig my friend has and he made fun of how smoke only goes out of one of my nostrils,i didn’t think much of it , i thought its just a stuffed nose.  So i try to clean my nose and its already not stuffed but yet again i didn’t put much thought into it. Yesterday i noticed that my right nostril is blocked again and my nose isn’t stuffed, so i go look in the mirror to see that my right nostril is completely blocked by my septum.  I took a doctor appointment the next morning and as soon as he looked in he said i have septum deviation caused by breaking my nose at some point in my life when i was a kid and that it needed surgery. I cant believe i’ve went for god knows how many years without realizing i wasn’t breathing correctly and thinking that this was the norm. Surgery is within 24hours so yeah, this escalated quickly.  TL;DR. i’m stupid and didn’t realize my right nostril was blocked off by my septum for years.
944	1	 I 17f have a boyfriend 17m and we’ve been going out for 9 months now. It was his birthday So I posted literally all the pics off him I had on my sc story (well mostly all 😉.)   Anyway there’s literally lie has to be close to hundreds and I know realistically no one gives enough off a shit to look through them all in detail why is why I don’t see why he’s pissed.   So he seen what I put up and got mad at ONE singular image. And that was us cuddling, just for full context the image was us in bed, he had his arms round me and face buried into me. And it was just captioned “love you ❤️.”   You know cute shit, but apparently I was just so wrong for posting this? We post pics of each other all the time so I don’t see the problem
447	3	Gosh- not the worst thing you’ll hear today, but it sure was awkward. So, like almost everyone since the pandemic started, I’ve gotten used to a certain level of comfort sitting behind my computer screen. There are many days spent in track pants and pjs commenting on lectures knowing that nobody can hear me. But today, I was listening to a lecture and having just come out of a breakout room I forgot that my mic was on. The lecturer asked a question and I just answered right out like I usually do when I think no one can hear me. But everyone could. All of the 70 people in my class. The thing is, you’re supposed to explain your answers and my classes are in my second language so I usually don’t speak up. So there I was, frightfully explaining my random outburst in my relatively broken Swedish. And I’m a rambler when I don’t properly think about my answers beforehand. Wonderful. Sorry for making you read something so mundane, it’s not nearly as exciting as some of the other stuff on this sub. Hope you have a nice day!  TL;DR forgot my zoom mic, lead to rambling in front of whole class.
483	2	My GF of two years is scared of cats, and I mean REALLY scared of cats. I have had this cat for 7 years. At first when she came to my place I had to take the cat outside, close all windows or doors and make sure my cat didn't sneak up to play with me or something like that. Long story short, she couldn't take it anymore and told me that she feels really uncomfortable knowing that there is a cat lurking around and that she wouldn't come to my place again if I didnt get rid of my cat. We tried therapy but it looks like the therapy is for me to cope with the loss of my pet.,  I don't want to give my cat away so last saturday we talked about this and broke up ..Now I feel like shit for ruining my relationship. AITA?  [Kitty](https://i.imgur.com/oBgaopm.jpg) not knowing what is going on :(     EDIT1:     HOLLY CRAP! I didn't expect this amount of response! Thank you everyone for taking the time and leave your comment. It is hard to understand that things and plans sometimes doesn't work or go the way we want and that is fine, that is life. It is harder when feelings are involved.
526	2	The other day my roommate Ryan told me that he was going on a date with a girl and he was taking her to Abigail's, a popular restaurant in town.  It just so happened that I had had plans with my family to go to Abigail's at the same time for a couple weeks.  I didn't think anything of it as it was purely coincidental that we had both made plans to go to the same restaurant at the same time.  I show up to the restaurant with no plans to interact with him or distract him in any way.  In another crazy swoop of coincidence, we ended up getting seated at the table directly adjacent to them.  We exchanged a quick glance and smile but didn't interact the rest of the night.  I didn't think anything of this until our third roommate, Colin, accused me of being an asshole for not suggesting that my family and I go to a different restaurant so as not to be a distraction to Ryan on his date.  I don't believe I am the asshole here as it was a pure coincidence that we ended up having plans to go to the same restaurant at the same time on the same night.  I don't feel that it would have been fair to the rest of my family to uproot their dinner plans that we had for a couple weeks because of my roommate that they barely even know.    The only thing I feel I could have done differently was request that we move tables once we got seated, but I didn't want to create a scene which I thought might be a bigger distraction then if we had just sat down and gone about our business.  But the idea of going to be a distraction to his date never crossed my mind.  Am I the asshole here?
769	1	I’m usually by myself in the back room where I’m scoring, cooking, and bagging the bread. The oven mitts hang on these hooks next to the oven. When the oven goes off I always slide my arms into the oven mitts like a surgeon does and pretend I’m about to perform surgery when really I’m just pulling freshly baked bread out of the oven.
636	1	So a few months ago i needed to take off work as an emergency but the reason was not work appropriate. So i made up a story about being called to hospital by my son's school and they were not saying anything over the phone. So i came back later and lied that he had a little accident and it was ok.   I thought it was over. ever since that day i have had to keep up stories make up photoshop pictures as people keep asking how he is doing. I have been able to say that his mom is a foreigner so he lives with her half the year out the country. The lie has got so intricate that i literally have to write notes to remember what i told the nosey ones.   One or two good friends coworkers know and help me cover up.  Tl:dr i have a fake son
268	2	My ex was everything I wanted in a partner except for ambitious.  That’s what proved to be our downfall.  He was a “kitchen assistant” at his uncle’s restaurant.  Basically washing dishes, bussing tables, and general cleaning.  I tried talking to him about looking for other work, something he could make a future in, but he was happy there.    So I broke things off.  I thought it best to be straight forward with him about it.  He didn’t yell or cry or anything really until I had finished.  Then he coldly told me that he would eventually take over for his uncle when he retires and had been being trained on how to run the business for years, was that ambitious enough for me?     I tried to say yes!  It was literally all I wanted was to know that he had his sights set higher than washing dishes for the rest of his life, but my ex kicked me out of his apt and wouldn’t have anything to do with me afterwards.    The way it all played out has always bothered me.  He treated me like I was an “asshole” just because I wanted to know he had bigger plans for himself and us in the future.
371	3	Last night, I was trying out a prosthetic pregnancy bump as part of my halloween costume. (I'm dressing up as my very pregnant sister). Its fairly realistic and quite expensive. I spent some time with latex and make up making it look as realistic as possible. I finally got it to look pretty convincing. Then I just walked around with it for a few hours. Trying it out and seeing how realistic it looked. Well...I fell asleep with it on. I woke up and saw it and got VERY confused and VERY scared. A thousand thoughts ran through my mind. "Did I just wake up from a coma? Am I still asleep? I can't be pregnant, I'm a virgin!" etc. Within about 10 seconds I had realized what happened but it was the most confusing and scariest 10 seconds of my life.  &amp;#x200B;  TL;DR I fell asleep wearing a fake pregnancy bump and woke up thinking I was somehow 9 months pregnant.
916	3	This will be quick, and although it isn't as monumental as some of the things here I'm still pissed off at my stupidity. Oh, and it's happened this second because I'm still eating...  I love olives possibly more than any other food. I eat them everyday. Earlier, I bought a pack of "cracked" green olives in a chili and garlic vinaigrette that looked like they'd go amazingly with my tuna salad. I make my salad at work and add in all the ingredients: spinach, avo, red peppers, tuna and then the olives. Can't wait to eat this bad boy!   Maybe I was too excited, maybe I'm just dumb, but I simply assumed the cracked olives were the same as pitted which I found out in the worst way possible after my first bite and I crunched down on a huge olive pit.   My jaw is fucking sore and after I finish my salad I'll need to inspect if I've cracked a tooth or not.   TL;DR: I don't know olives as well as I thought I did. I'm an idiot   EDIT: Cracked olives are olives that have been cut open but not pitted, so they still contain pits - must have been created for easier "self-pitting" - or, as pointed out, to let them marinate
679	3	So I'm in my 40's now, so this was quite a while ago, but back in my high school days I had a long term girlfriend.  We were quite sexually active and as many teens do, we came to experimenting with sex toys.  We had picked up a few gag toys, there were some weird shaped condoms, a butt plug, a vibrating cucumber, some sex dice, some sex board game that was similar to Monopoly but you paid with specific sexual favors instead of money, and a few other things.  With both of us still obviously living with our parents we needed a safe place to keep these things stashed.  Well my girlfriend has this built in bookshelf in bedroom wall where the very bottom shelf could be removed where there was a "secret" compartment... the perfect hiding place.  Well, time passed and we both went off to separate colleges.  We tried to make it last long distance but it just didn't work.  We ended up breaking up for good about 2 years after graduation and over those 2 years of being away at college, those sex toys kind of just go forgotten about.  Fast forward about 25 years later and I get a Facebook message from this old girlfriend.  Well, her parents had decided to do some major remodeling at the house and they stripped her old bedroom down, including removing the built in bookshelf..... and there, still hiding after all of this time, was our stash of sex toys.  To make matters ever more embarrassing, her parents thought they were her's and her now husbands and called her out on it in front of him... but of course he had no clue about them.  TLDR; Hid our high school sex toys in girlfriends bedroom.  Her parents found them 25 years later.
838	1	I come from a family who love spicy food.   My son is 2 and a half so I usually try to tone down the spices but yesterday dinner came out way spicier than I intended. My husband has a lower tolerance for spices than me but he can handle more spices than the average person but even he found the dish too spicy. He ended up ordering takeout too but while we were eating our son wanted some of the food I was eating so I gave him a bite.   He wanted more, so I gave it to him but my husband told me not to because it would hurt his stomach but our son was eating it and seemed to be enjoying it just fine. My husband got upset with me for not listening and said that as a parent he should have a say in this which I agree with but our son was enjoying the food and was fussing to get it so I personally think there was no harm letting him have it.  AITA?
968	2	My boyfriend's brother was in sort of a pickle, so we let him let him move in with us about 2 months ago. He didn't have anywhere else to go and did not have a job, so we offered. My boyfriend found him a job and he gives him rides to and from work. We do not charge him rent because we want him to save up enough money to purchase his own vehicle and a down payment on his own place.  Now brother has a girlfriend that goes to college a town away. I figured that the brother and his girlfriend would visit each other while he was living with us, but she started staying one night a week and doing her laundry at my house. I didn't think too much of it but I was aggravated because no one ever asked me if it was okay. I voiced my opinion and said that I thought it was rude that no one ever asked me, which made things a little awkward. Now she's staying two nights a week. Again no one ever asked me. Now fall break is happening and apparently she's staying with us during fall break. No one ever asked me.  She's not a mean person and has a nice personality, but I just feel like I'm being taken advantage of. Am I overreacting to the situation? It's really not harming anything by her being at the house, except for the fact but I'm not a very sociable person and there they are every time I come home from work when I want to relax.  Am I being mean by not letting her stay there?
560	2	Just for context, I am 6'2 and my wife is 4'11. She is insecure about her height and while I try my best to tell her that she is stupendously beautiful the way she is, she got bullied about it pretty bad and it's just an aspect she doesn't like about herself.  With this in mind, we recently went to one of my favorite places to eat. Now, this restaurant has a really large counter and my wife is petite, so the cashier couldn't really see her.  We ordered our food, and were heading out when the cashier held out a giant piece of candy and said 'for your lovely daughter' to me.  I honestly couldn't help but burst out laughing to the point that I had tears in my eyes and I had to compose myself before driving back home.   My wife was obviously pretty pissed. AITA?
843	3	TIFU by using the house party app.  I was told by a group of people I'd just met to download the house party app so that we could play trivia. So I did.  Before playing I decided to take a quick piss, and for some dumb reason had my phone out.  Little did I know that when you are invited by a friend to a house party game you are automatically joined... With your camera on. And if it wasn't bad enough that I was pissing, my camera was pointed directly at my dick. So, in summary I joined a group playing trivia pissing with my dick out. The worst part is that I did not notice right away and there was a solid 3 or so seconds where I was just exposed.  If that doesn't make me look like A) a fucking creep, or B) a total dumbass for taking my phone into the bathroom, then nothing does.  The thing is, I think it would have been fine if it was just a few guy friends and they saw, maybe a little embarrassing, but not the end of the world. But no, there had to be a girl in the room, just to let the humiliation sink in as deeply as possible. Today is the worst day of my fucking life.  TL;DR: Had my phone out in bathroom and accidentally got thrown into video call with my dick out.  Edit: So does anyone have any advice on how  best to deal with this situation? I've never been here before.
569	3	Happened last night. So I've always wanted to be on Jeopardy, and a few months ago I was contacted that I had been randomly chosen for the next round because I'd passed the online test. The next round is another test, and when the day came, I was 100% positive I didn't pass it so I was really disappointed for a while but got over it and went on with my life. For all of these tests I was using my old email because that's what I'd made my [Jeopardy.com](https://Jeopardy.com) account with. I don't get notifications for that email so I manually check it once a week.  Anyway, fast forward a few months later, to yesterday, it's time to check my old email. Lo and behold - sitting there in the mailbox is a message from Jeopardy saying I'd been invited to the next round of auditions! The email was sent on Jan 25th. I was super excited and in shock......and then I read the email and it turns out I had to send them a form by Jan 29th to be considered. It was January 30th.  TL;DR I literally threw out the chance of a lifetime because I didn't check my old email a day earlier :(  **Edit:** Thanks everyone for your responses. I've submitted the application anyway and told them why it was late - here's hoping there's still a chance!  **Update:** They actually accepted it!!!! Now I just have to get past the audition...
294	2	Sorry if it's being weird the format, I'm in mobile, also, English is not my mother language.  For a little bit of context, we are still doing virtual classes and we are on the last weeks of the semester, so today we had the last class with a professor (what an excellent human being she is).   As she was getting kinda emotive and giving us advice about everything we should do with our futures, everyone was so happy to listen her, so we typed nice things to her: "thank you proffesor!" "Very wise words" "we appreciate you" and similar. I like to type hearts "&lt;3" to compliment my messages, so, since the start of the virtual classes, that's what I've been doing.   Today, I wrote a lot of hearts, like 8 or 10 in the same message.  The professor reads my message, and just says that she wants to confess that since the very first day she was feeling stressed for reading the &lt;3 because she literally read them as in "less than three" or a mediocre job. As the classes continues, she kept seeing the &lt;3 and wondered if she was doing a very bad job teaching, or if it meant something else, but she never asked. Until today, that asked why the &lt;3.   Being so ashamed of that confusion, told her what they are supposed to mean. Luckily she laughed for the misunderstanding and was so happy to know that they were hearts, but the damage was already done: one of the nicest people of the entire department thought that during virtual classes, she was doing a bad job.  TL;DR. I caused an existential crisis in a proffesor
879	2	I work for a small business and it's just myself working all day today.   A window washer guy comes by every two weeks to clean our door, etc. he drives a pickup truck with bible verses drawn all over the exterior of it and it holds up three huge flags: an American flag, a trump flag, and a Christian flag.  I'm all for freedom of speech/religion, but as this guy is washing the windows, another guy came up and they started talking about how liberals and feminists and gay people are the devil and hate Jesus and God and the conversation is really loud and obnoxious. The worst part though is they're standing DIRECTLY in front of the door, talking, speaking borderline vitriolic shit, preventing customers from entering inside..  AITA for asking them to please chit-chat somewhere else?  update: after I politely asked them to move their conversation elsewhere, the window washer man got in my face about how I'm going to hell and I'm a fool for not believing in God (I'm agnostic.. not atheist, there's a difference asshole!) and also was screaming other sexist, homophobic, disgusting nonsense in my face. SOOOO imgonna ask my manager if we can find a new window washer guy to come cuz FUCk this asshole.
110	3	Build list for anyone interested: G.Skillz trident z 16gb Crosshair hero 8 motherboard GeForce GTX 1070 gpu Ryzen 3900 cpu Cooler Master MasterAir MA410M WD_Black SN750 1TB  So I finished the build about a month ago, and since the initial boot my cpu temps have been a little high. As in mid to upper 70 at idle. I am working on a Bachelor in computer science and almost only use it for school work so it is never really under high load. However my girlfriend mostly uses it to game, and has been complaining about it shutting down I'm the middle of her playing. Well I finally had time today to look into it. I installed some software to monitor the temps better and told her to play so I could see what was going on.  I immediately notice most of the pc is running in the 30s but the cpu temp is in the 80s. When she boots up her game (star wars old republic) the temps jump to the mid 90s sometimes getting into the hundreds. This is very clearly a problem. I tell her she needs to go ahead and stop playing while I figure it out.  So I do a bunch of research and figure I must have done something wrong in the build, and decide to open it, take out the cooler and reapply the thermal paste and basically see what I see.   So I do just that, remove the cooler and low and behold what do I find on the coolers heat sink? A plastic sticker that says in big red letters "WARNING REMOVE THIS LABEL BEFORE INSTALLING PRODUCT".   I am clearly an idiot and plan on dropping out cuz I clearly should not be near computers.  Tl;dr had massive overheating problems because I forgot to take the sticker off my heatsink.
149	1	My boyfriend and I have been together for 5 years, and things were great until our daughter was born 6 months ago.  Since then, our relationship has gone down the tubes because he refuses to care for her. He’ll sit on the couch and play video games and he’ll only tend to her while she’s screaming if I tell him to. Even then, unless I’m in the middle of doing something right then, he’ll ask me why I can’t just do it instead. On top of that, he only holds her if I hand her to him while he’s watching tv and she’s calm. He stays up late playing video games but still won’t get her when she cries, so I have to get up with her. We’ve talked about it multiple times, to the extent that I’ve told him I can’t handle it anymore, and he improves for a week and then goes back to his old ways.  I’m honestly considering filing for divorce but tried one last ditch effort. I put the baby in his gaming room and told him I was leaving. In reality, I just went to the gas station because I felt like I couldn’t trust him, and sure enough when I got back the baby was screaming and he was ignoring her. I took a ~10 second video of this and after I comforted the baby, I sent it to his mother with an explanation of what’s going on.  She called him and absolutely reamed him for it and now he’s upset with me for involving his mother and for “taking a video out of context.” I’m at my wits end and will probably leave him at this point, but AITA for sending the video?
100	2	[Light]  I'm writing this as a confession because I don't know where else to speak about this and I don't want my kids finding this out on my main account.  My friend died a few months back due to heart problems. He was taking care of himself so it was a shock to everyone. Especially his wife who was with him at their house when he died. Due to this she decided to move somewhere else and because she and her daughter were still distraught she asked me to pack up his stuff.  He had some boxes in his basement and after a while I started feeling nostalgic and decided to look into them. I found pictures of us from when we were kids all the way to before we got married. That was enough to make me feel bad and I just got back to taping them up.   But one of the boxes seemed to be in much better condition, so I decided to check it in case it was something important. To my surprise I found out pictures of him and my wife from when we used to hang out together, as well as more recent pictures from family reunions. The most recent being from my wife's birthday party.   Alongside the pictures there were letters that he never sent her. The first one dated 2 months before I met her. The last one was also the same date of her birthday party. There was one that stood out the most was one from after I started dating her. He wrote that his time had passed and since my happiness was as important as his own he would watch over us.  I'll keep his box safe since it isn't my secret to reveal.
382	3	So yeah today it happened worst fuck up of my life to this day.  Today I was supposed to meet up with my girlfriend so as usual I wait for my mom to comeback from work so I can take her car and drive to my girlfriend’s house since it’s a lot faster than going by bus or walking.  We have these automatic garage doors that open by going up (most of you probably know what I mean)   I entered my mom’s car, clicked the button to open the garage doors, put the car in reverse and waited for a bit as I always do (checked my mirrors as well obv, idk how I didn’t notice that doors aren’t fully open, don’t ask me) well today I waited for like 30 seconds too short ending up smashing garage doors and top of my mom’s car. I’m still shaking when typing this, my mom is pissed as hell. Repairs are going to be expensive, and my savings won’t even cover 1/3 of the damage I’ve done.  Never been so disappointed in myself as I am now   tl;dr didn’t wait long enough for garage doors to open, ended up smashing roof of my mom’s car and the doors.
346	3	Ok guys, gonna make it short. This happened like a year ago, but i just remembered it and wanned to share     It was around noon, was feeling hungry, so i headed to my countries version of uber eats to order some nice lunch. Found the food i liked, proceeded to checkout and noticed, that the box where you can leave some message for the restaurant had no limit for characters.   So i got an idea, to "prank" the restaurant by copypasting entire bee movie script there, so it will get printed on the receipt. Thats where ithe FU happened. Few mins after i sent the order, got message it was canceled .. ok no big deal, might happen, so i wanned to order the some food somewhere else, when i noticed some black-ish smoke in a distance (im was that far away, but was studying and didnt wanna leave my spot in library). Well shortly after also like 2 firetrucs passed by, heading the restaurants direction. (ps: was on ground floor, "wall" was from glass, so you could easily se on the street)   The next day i read in local newspapers, that the exact restaurant caught fire because of some cash register malfunction  TL;DR: Ordered food online and set restaurant on fire by pasting bee movie script into the order-note box
135	3	I’m 40M, my wife is 39F, son in 15.   Yesterday when it was dinner time I called him to come downstairs few times. He didn’t answer me so I assumed that he didn’t hear me. I went upstairs and knocked on his door, he said he’d come downstairs in few minutes. After 15 minutes he still didn’t come downstairs so I walked in his room. I knocked first. He was obviously crying. I asked him what was wrong but he didn’t answer me so I didn’t push him more.    I went downstairs and told my wife about it. She went upstairs to talk to him and stayed there for half an hour. She came back and brought him food upstairs. When I asked her what was wrong she said that it wasn’t anything important and told me to drop it. I got kind of upset because I want to know what was wrong and I’m his parent as well.   I haven’t been fully ignoring them but I’ve been acting kinda distant since yesterday. My wife got mad at said that I was acting extremely immature.
545	1	I hate flying to the point that I will gladly drove 10-15 hours to avoid a 4 hour flight. It's not that I'm scared of flying, I just hate everything from the security theater to the cramped seats that leave me sore for days.  So I only fly if I can buy a second seat (or third if I'm flying with my wife). It lets me stretch my legs out if needed, not feel trapped mentally, and not sit next to annoying people etc. Also a second seat is almost always cheaper than business/first class AND for some reason they refund you if the flight isn't full. I'm a big guy but I 100% don't need two seats, gate agents are constantly baffled and one even said "you're not nearly big enough to need 2 seats".  On multiple flights I've had to argue with flight attendants and randoms that no I bought the second seat, and if they oversold the flight/some 400 lb guy didn't buy the second seat he needs and is killing his seatmate it's not my problem.   AITA for never backing down in this scenario that has happened 6-7 times at this point? If I was willing to fly with one seat I wouldn't have bought a second seat.  Note - I do not take two seats on the train/bus EVER. They are way more comfortable and you can stand whenever etc so I don't feel cramped and trapped like on a plane.
245	1	My mom always tells me I’m not allowed to light candles, open the blinds, or turn off the AC while she’s gone because she thinks somehow these things will destroy the house without her supervision. I just graduated college with honors. So whenever she leaves, I light my favorite candles, open all the blinds, and turn the AC off and have a good time. It’s my little victory.
136	2	I've been having some pain in lower back, hips, and thighs lately. It ended up getting really severe about 4 days ago. It had me crying and unable to move much. I waited thinking it was just a bad day for my back. But it never got better and got worse. Not being able to take it anymore, I finally went to the ER yesterday. I'm waiting in a room for the doctor, when a PA walks in, and she says your blood work and urine say you have a bad infection in your kidneys. So she asks me to turn around as she is pressing on my back, and she touches an extremely tender spot that made me jump and say "fuck!" Because it hurt so bad. Fuck slipped out of my mouth. She stops, and then tells me that she will not help me anymore if I cuss again. I said, "I'm sorry, but I'm in pain and it slipped out when you pressed on a sensitive spot." She said "I don't care, don't do it again." So I just shut up. I didnt say another word to her. She never even looked at me or asked me anything. Just said shes sending a nurse with shots and walks out the door. Didnt specify what shots and barely acknowledged me. After everything, I reported her for her rude behavior and explained the situation. But now I feel bad that I may have overreacted by reporting it. I thought what she said to me was rude and made me feel like she was dismissing my pain. But I feel like an asshole too, by maybe being too sensitive and irrational because I was in a lot of pain. What do you guys think?
591	2	Throwaway because bf is a redditor too  I(29F) FINALLY paid off my student loans after 6 years 🥳. I haven’t bought any new clothes or shoes since high school to save money so I’ve basically donated most of them and am starting to buy a professional wardrobe. I’m from a very poor family so getting something new that’s not a handmedown is amazing and once I have something new I want to wear it around the house. My bf is annoyed when I bring home new things or wore them around him so I try to hide them or leave them in my car and bring home after he’s gone to work and wear it then. I went out recently and bought a coat and Mary Janes back and didn’t hide them in time. He saw them and got mad because he believes I was spending frivolously and he told me if I was going to waste money I could help him pay down his debt. I’m annoyed because I worked hard to pay off my loans and I’m finally getting to buy things I’ve always wanted and we got  into a fight.
159	1	So we've been married for just shy of 3 years now and my husband is really getting on my case to have a baby. To give you readers a sense of "getting on my case" I mean like asking for a deadline on when to start trying and questinioning me on going back to school because that means that babies might be delayed.  I've stated that I do want to have kids but not right this second. My main concern is that there is A LOT in instability and uncertainty in our lives right now. His job has taken us to live in Europe for 3 years and in a year we will be moving again, but we don't know where to yet. I want to wait until there's a little more certainty in life and to know that I'm going to have a good support system in place because he travels for work for long periods of time. His response to all of that is "I don't want to wait anymore" and "people do this all the time" and "it's not fair to him"   Now I understand that there is no perfect time to have babies however I'm a firm believer that if your gut is telling you that it's not a good time, then it's not a good time  So am I the asshole?
460	1	I (29f) have a condition which makes me more or less infertile or so I was told.   Roughly two months ago I had a one night stand with a guy. I don't use birth control due to my condition but I did insist on a condom.  Lo and behold I'm pregnant my gynecologist confirmed it.   Now, I'm in a good position financially. I have a stable job and enough savings to live a very comfortable life. I'm close to my parents and sister. So, I have decided that I will keep the baby. I have always wanted to be a mum and this might be my only chance.   I contacted the father and told him. I said I'd be happy to co parent should he be interested but I understand if he isn't. I would be filing for child support regardless though.   The guy absolutely lost it and said I need to abort the baby and that I lied to him. Apparently he asked me what my opinion on abortion is to prevent this situation. I remember him asking me but he never specified his question and I thought it was more general. I told him I'm pro choice which is true. He must have interpreted this as me saying I'd abort any possible pregnancies.   Ever since he has been harassing me to abort. He must have given my number to his parents because today I got a call from his mother imploring me to have an abortion.   I have made up my mind and I won't have an abortion. My family is extremely supportive of my decision but I'm not sure if I'm in the right anymore.  Edit since it keeps coming up. I did not tell him that I'm infertile and it was me who insisted on the condom. He was quite happy to "hit it raw" as he said.
369	3	I was making a quesadilla and I wanted some chicken in it. Shouldn't be too bad...  So I get the frozen chicken and read the instructions, specifically the microwave instructions. It said to put on a plate and cover and cook on MEDIUM for 14 to 16 minutes. Problem is, I forgot to cook it on medium and cooked it on high.  I set the time on the microwave for 15 minutes and went upstairs to wait, also setting a timer on my phone in case I don't hear the microwave beep.   15 minutes go by and I head down, down the steps it smelled like a good cooked chicken, but once I got the microwave, it smelled like death.   Smoke was seeping through the microwave door and I opened it, let it cool off a bit and looked at it. There was mostly black goop with the piece of chicken all shriveled up. I promptly threw all of it out into the outdoor trashcan. I sprayed the house down with febreze but it's too strong  Tl;dr I misread instructions and now my house smells like burnt anus
839	1	I (38M, single no kids), live in the US. My parents live abroad in a 2 bedroom condo, I'd estimate to be 900-1000sq ft. I haven't seen them in over 2 years due to covid. I also have an older brother, who as 2 kids living in the states. Generally speaking, we are a close , loving, and supportive family.   We've all decided to go see our folks for the holidays, which we're all incredibly excited about, and discussed plans, logistics, etc on a family zoom call. I let everyone know that I plan on getting a hotel, due to the size of the condo and the number of people who will be there. Sleeping arrangement wise, my parents have a room, brother and kids will have a room, and I will get the couch.   Apparently, me happily volunteering to pay for a hotel room across the street from their condo is the same as slapping my mom across the face. She accused me of, "... not wanting to spend time with the family...", also telling me, "...they won't be around that much longer..." etc etc.   That's not at all why I want a hotel, and I tried explaining. The condo is just small, the hotel is a 5 min walk across the street. I can do a couch for a night or 2, but we're planning on being there for 2 weeks, and I'm not a college kid anymore, I'm at the age where my back doesn't feel right if I sleep on a couch or air mattress. Finally it's not like I have friends there where I have an opportunity to ditch the family. I'm literally just wanting the hotel to sleep comfortably. AITA?
885	3	The FU was yesterday. I made a post on Whisper about how I thought it was weird when guys left only their socks on during sex. My location was on when I posted, so people in my home town could see it under Local.   I get a message from the post from another chick, we start talking about it and describing our experiences with dudes getting naked for sex but leaving their socks on, including a funny little sex story about her and her ex husband.   I come from my bedroom to the living room, where my mom currently is, as I send a message to the chick. That's when I heard the distinct Whisper notification sound from her phone like 4 seconds after  At first I thought "Well that's a coincidence", but in case it wasn't, I asked casually "Ooh who's texting you, cute guy?" following "No some lady I are talking about sex" (my mom is very blunt about these things, but she probably said that to make me leave her alone anyway).   That's when it hit me for real. Oof, just had a conversation about my parents having sex. Yea, my dad leaves his socks on... Thinking about deleting Whisper now.  TLDR: Accidentally had a convo with my mom about her and my dads' sex life on Whisper
367	1	My friends are dating, they’re also actors who have had small roles on a few tv shows (I’m talking two lines or less). I say this not to be a hater, I truly am rooting for them, but to give you a scope of their reach. Neither of them have a following in real life or on social media (they’ve got under 1500 followers combined).   Anyway last week I posted a group picture on Instagram of people celebrating a friends birthday. Everyone in the photo has got their arms around each other’s shoulders. Very platonic.   Anyway yesterday in a group chat between the three of us they asked me to take the photo down because they don’t want “the public” to know they are dating. I would consider it if they looked bad/too sloppy drunk/etc. but they don’t. Also everyone has their arms around each other, not just them.   Anyway I asked what they meant, and they said they didn’t want to end up in gossip rags....  I pointed out that they are not famous and that they don’t even have functioning IMDb pages. They were livid and called me a bunch of names.   I think they’re delusional but they’ve been texting me demanding it and even sent me screenshots of them reporting it (nothing has happened). At this point, I don’t even want to be their friend. However, and probably because I’m an asshole, I don’t want to delete it based solely on principle.
406	1	I was going to McDonald's for a quick bite to go, when a drunk maybe homeless, definitely in some state guy asked if I could but him a burger. I said sure, having been drunk plenty of times myself, I know a burger hits the spot when you're on one. So I buy two big cheeseburger meals, and walk out. I've got all the food in a bag, and two drinks in the other. I set the drinks down on an outside table and fish out one burger and hand it to him. I set the fries on the table for him, as he his unwrapping his burger with some urgency. He takes the top off the burger, and blurts out that he hates tomatoes, and throws the burger at my feet. Without really thinking I pick up the drink I bought for him and throw it at his feet. I was tempted to smack him, but I thought better of it. He started telling at me and called me a tomato ass mother fucker. That was actually kind of funny. I picked up my burger and took my tomato ass away from there.
947	1	My friend V she was in a relationship from 2016 to January 2020 she was engaged for the last 2 years. But, she ended up cheating and the engagement was called off. I knew her former partner Z since last year. we became workout bubbies. And I introduced him to L a friend of mine she fell in love with him. They started dating soon after. Well V has tried to spin the story after L propose to Z and my dude said yes. V was sad that he would move on very quick. I just responded with "didn't you cheat on him!" And laughed at her. So AITB for doing that?
426	1	He always brings me breakfast and coffee to wake me up. Every morning. I only every eat half of it.   Because for some reason, he never makes anything for himself. But if I have some leftover, he’ll wolf it down.   So I don’t eat it all so he will eat breakfast, too.
928	2	So, I work the register at a big grocery store. I like to chat, makes the day go faster. I see that the elderly woman has several big bags of green marshmallows and I comment on the nice mint smell coming from them, which I could smell through the mask. She was worried, because she hadn't thought they were mint. They were for her grandchildren. I just told her that I would check the ingredients. Nope, no mint. Turned out to be the chocolate mint candy UNDER the bags. I did comment on the fact that it had tilapia in it, though. She had no clue what that was, and was absolutely horrified to hear that her marshmallows contained fish. I just offhandedly told her that it was probably just a new alternative to the pig's feet they normally use. If anything, she turned greener. She had no idea where gelatin comes from. She still did buy the marshmallows, but was in shock and horror at the idea of what she was feeding the kids.  TLDR: I horrified an old woman by telling her that marshmallows are made of pigs feet and fish. Ruined them for her for life.  Edit: OMG, thank you everyone for the awards! I didn't expect this response!
912	3	Obligatory "this didn't obviously happen today" it has been a long time. My wife and I have been trying to convince her parents that her brother didn't need copious amount of pain killlers for his pancreatitis. He began injecting recently and is now dying in the hospital from a heart infection, ketoacidosis and organ failure on multiple organs. He is only 37. I wish I could have convinced him to go to a facility for treatment much earlier, but he was so stubborn to talk to and would take offense and self harm when "cornered." My kids will never know their uncle, and the family will have a huge hole in their heart. I really don't know what to do with my self or how to help my wife's family. I wanted to post this mainly to begin trying to express my feelings. If anyone is in  a similar situation that we were in a few years ago, please take extreme measures to protect your loved ones, even if it means they will be upset with you. Their life is more important than their "altered emotions." Addiction is a real and difficult scenario, and it is no fault to the user. It is a very slippery slope. I love you and I hope your family is well. TLDR: my bil has been suffering from an opiate addiction while trying to cope with major pancreatitis. We spent years trying to convince his parents that he needs to be in a self help facility for his pancreatitis and addiction, but the bil was very confrontational and refused help. He is now dying in the hospital and the family is incredibly upset beyond words.
866	3	So the fuck up happened yesterday and I'm still saying "oh my god" to myself every time I think about it.  This past Saturday our school's girls Cross Country team won state and because of that earned everyone a pep rally. The night before someone asked if anyone wanted to be the flag runner and I [happily volunteered](https://i.imgur.com/qfllRsL.jpg), because that's a super dope job. I mean what could possibly go wrong?  Well here is exactly what went wrong:   The pep rally is in motion. The Cross Country Team starts pouring down from the stands to lead a school cheer. This is exactly when you should do a flag run, so I start haulin' out and narrowly avoid plowing one girl and make my way around the crowd (Definitely wouldn't recommend to a friend now though). I am caught up in the buzz of the moment and then all of a sudden I'm [going down hard...](https://i.imgur.com/XPL4P0i.mp4) All that is going through my head is siren noises and me thinking "I should just die now" but unfortunately that never came to fruition and it got worse as I saw what I had tripped on and destroyed: [The state trophy we just won AND the one from last year!](https://i.imgur.com/gyAgaiL.png) Now I'm a bit more famous around the school and kids keep seeing me in the hallway an saying "OMG! You're the kid who broke the trophy!!" RIP me  TL;DR I was the flag runner and I tripped over and destroyed two state trophies in front of the whole school.  EDIT: Thanks for the gold! That makes it all worth it (sort of)! Just a bit of extra info, the trophies have been repaired with tender, sweet words and some wood glue.
942	1	So my boyfriend has a habit of leaving out food until he is ready to eat it. Like hours. So he will have hot meals made and then get around to eating them whenever. This not only means theres old food sitting around his apartment but I'm worried about his health. We got fried chicken today around 1pm and its 8pm and I just heated my portion up. I put the leftovers in the fridge and hes annoyed because "you're ruining the food. I dont like the taste as much when it's been cold and reheated. And I paid for lunch for both of us!" He thinks I'm a dick for messing up his food. For background he has digestive issues and I'm worried its connected to this bad habit. I worked in the food industry where we took seriously food sitting out.  Am I the buttface for putting his food in the fridge?
51	2	[Light] The only way I figured out that it was actually not some newfangled office supply was when I saw my friend put one in her hair and I was "?????" and she finally explained to me exactly what a bobby pin was. I'm a real bright guy.
344	3	So, to be clear, I logically know my girlfriend of nearly two years’ birthday. But logic has no horse in this story’s race.  This fuck up starts with me receiving a notification on my phone from Siri to send my girlfriend a happy birthday message, now once I saw this all logical thinking went out the door. I should add that my girlfriend had pulled a late night last night and slept most of today, so we hadn’t spoken much today. We are long distance at the moment.   So, I started sending said girlfriend messages in panic saying “Happy birthday!” And “I’m really sorry I didn’t pay attention to the date.” And just overall begging forgiveness. Now, coincidentally her phone appeared to have had died at this time, so none of my messages were going through.  I started looking at gifts, and flowers to have sent in a panicked state, my world was crumbling down before my eyes. But about 15 minutes in, I get a reply. “...It’s not my birthday?”  Reality came crashing down before me. I stared at the text for some time and finally came back to the reality that her birthday was *two months ago* and I vividly remember celebrating it. I, by human error, had accidentally put her birthday two months ahead without having noticed. She’s now been laughing at me for the last 30 minutes, which I truly deserve.   TL;DR: put the wrong birthday for my gf in my phone, it sent me into an illogical panic. Now I’m deservedly a laughing stock.  *Edit: some words.
187	1	I worked as a caddie and fore caddie for about 1 month of a summer when I was \~15.  I got booked as a fore caddie for a group of 4 older gentleman (probably late 60s).  After the round, the one who was the member of the club said to me "Good job today.  I'll go get my wallet from the locker room to pay you".    In the meantime, his buddies came up and said "thanks for your help today" and handed me $60.  I said thank you and went to leave.  On my way out, I ran into the member who yelled out to me and handed me $40.  I didn't tell him  that his buddies already took care of it, so I walked off with $100.  I never went back there again.  I know he is rich and $40 is nothing, but I still feel bad about it.  They were a nice group of guys to work for.  This was 15 years ago and I still think about him.
816	2	To cut a long story short my neighbor has about 4 cars, husband, wife + kids. I have lived inside this house for the past 18 years, they moved in about 3/4 years ago. At first I had no issues letting them park in my parking spot because I had no car. I’m not an asshole so I let them park their car there for years free of charge.   A few months ago I had the wife approach me and ask me if she could take half of my front garden to build herself a porch, I said no. I live in the UK so we don’t have porch where you can just park your car, it’s all street parking.   After I turned down her request she has stopped greeting me whenever she says me, fine I don’t care. I’d like to note at this point her family members were still using my parking spot.   Today she approaches me and informs me that she will start building her driveway taking up half of my property. I’d like to note that I don’t own the house, I just rent it. The council owns the house. She tells me that the council has given her permission to take up half of my front garden to build her driveway, lol ok. I again informed her that I don’t consent and that she cannot go ahead with her building plan.   This kind of entitlement has enraged me so I called up my brother who had a car and told him to come and park in my parking spot, he did. As soon as my brother parked his car, my neighbor the husband came out yelling at my brother telling him to move his car that was when I told him that he and his family members could no longer park on my spot.   The whole driveway issues confuses me and I will be calling the council later today to try and stop this crazy woman taking half of my garden!
785	1	So we're sitting there watching TV and she yanks on the phone charger to pull it towards her, and the prongs break off in the wall. I work on electricity in the navy and was instantly out of my fucking seat and going to pull the breakers to the house and my wife said "oh I'll just pull it out with some cloth over my hand" so I instantly yell no and pull her away from it and shy just says what the fuck. I tell her she would not only get electrocuted but using cloth is an extreme fire hazard. I proceed to pull the breakers and she gets all upset that power is now out. I get some of my electrical pliers and pull it out but she still doesnt understand why I was so serious about it. I told her not to do it, she tried to do it, I pulled her off and did it myself. AITA?
530	1	Context, we're both seniors in high school. We were all just hanging out in the classroom before the period started and this girl at my table started talking about how she's sick atm and is making it "her goal to infect as many other people as possible". I told her I couldn't tell if she was joking or not and she said that she was 100% serious and did it because she thought it was funny. I resented that for some reason I told her something along the lines of "that's fucked up and borderline sadistic. Not even that, it's just an asshole thing to do". One of my friends at the table was jokingly like "woah ornitholoqy101 is triggered" to which I said something like "yeah I am, that's just a cruel thing to do" then class started and that was that. AITA?
185	2	Im a reddit regular but my friends and some of my family know my account so i'm using a throwaway.  I had my daughter at 17, my parents kicked me out. I got a job, rented an apartment from a friend for cheap and finished high school.   I got into a really great school a few states over and needed a place to live, I was touring a nice place close to campus, it was a small apartment building and without going into too much detail the owner/landlord offered to let me live there and cover my utilities if i did things with him.  Not having to pay rent allowed me to work less, focus on school and afford childcare and give my daughter the life she deserves.  I just moved her into college for her freshman year and i've been thinking about that time in our lives. We lived there for 6 years, during that time i was intimate with her a few times a week and even had sex with a few of his friends.   Yes, it was terrible, but i don't regret it. Without his "charity"(lol) i would have dropped out im sure of it. Now i have a successful  career and im not even 40 yet...  Like i said, ive been reminiscing about our earlier years and i have never told a soul about this. I guess it was time to get this off my chest.   Thanks for reading.
643	1	I know this sounds weird but when I worked at Starbucks, there was a regular customer that was very difficult and rude. I was warned of this customer on my first day of training. She came in every morning and would try to rush the workers on doing their job and makes other customers feel uncomfortable. 3 months into working, she came in one morning and made caused absolute hell. She was complaining about her drink while one of my coworkers was making the drink. As soon as she got it she accidentally “spills” it and asks for a completely different drink. I was so fed up. She wanted a Frappuccino. She went to the bathroom while we were making the new order. I switched with my coworker and made the drink. Instead of almond milk I made the Frappuccino with regular milk. The drink was ready by the time she left the bathroom. She takes the drink &amp; takes a sip and didn’t complain. 5 hours later she calls the Starbucks from the hospital and I was the one who picked up. She got in a car accident trying to rush to a bathroom. She said she shitted her pants. I couldn’t be anymore happier that she was safe but got her karma.
479	1	I’ve had a spider in my office space for a few months now. She’s a cool, small, little thing who chills near my desk and occasionally I bring her lil treats to eat. Sometimes she disappears and sometimes she comes back. I’ve named her. I like her.   My colleague Michelle is aware of the spider, and is always complaining that it’s a pest and needs to be killed. Recently she saw the web, not even the actual spider, and started an official whiteboard scoresheet if anyone is in favor of the spider being removed. Apparently she’s super scared and terrified and being even a little bit close to my office is enough to make her jittery.   Luckily most people voted that the spider stays, but a few of her friends wrote some strongly worded notes that the spider is a sign of poor housekeeping etc. I must admit I was a little peeved at this, especially because we are a pet friendly workspace and Michelle’s own dog comes in to work sometimes and we have people who are genuinely frightened of dogs and Michelle doesn’t bother keeping her on a leash or anything.   It came to a head when we had a meeting and Michelle bought up that she refused to go into my office because of the spider and she was scared of it. My boss was a little irritated and told me to remove it or kill it, I straight up refused and told him he wouldn’t ask Michelle to remove her dog and the spider is a LOT less threatening than a poorly behaved dog. He ultimately agreed and since then all she’s done is go on about how I don’t care about her feelings and that I must enjoy watching her suffer.
339	3	When I was in grade 8 I struggled really bad with my grades and on tests that I used to fake signature the test so my parents would never see my scores. The fake sig worked for a while until my science teacher caught it and called me out on it in front of every student. I started crying instantly and I had to redo the test, which I aced but she only gave me a 70% on. She never got along with me for the rest of the year and didn’t acknowledge me at graduation.
255	2	My cat was being an asshole last night, meowing to get in my room, meowing to get out at 4, 5, then 6:30 am.  I noticed he was sleeping by me peacefully, so I woke him up. After his eyes opened, I felt bad cause he trusted me enough to sleep on his back right by me, and I broke this trust.
818	1	So basically when I was a kid I went to a candy store and searched for the chocolate golden coins, they sold packets with 20 each so I grabbed 3, went to pay a single pack and stole the other 2, went home and ate them with my cousin while paying minecraft
286	1	Hey  So for background, my bf used to work in the city. He would get a bus straight there and that was perfect for him. I work in the opposite direction to the city. I drive about 15 minutes to work and that's great for me. I've been telling my bf to get his drivers licence  (he's 21) for about a year now. He was working part time and so easily had the time to do it, but he wasn't bothered.   So this week, he finds out he got a offered a better job with better pay and better hours, pretty near where I work. It's about a 15 minute drive with no traffic from where I work. I ask how he will get to work every morning and he says "I would have to get 2 buses, but I was hoping you would drive me there every morning".  I immediately shut that down, telling him I would have to drive 30 minutes to bring him to work, then 15 minutes back to my work. That's 30 minutes extra driving every morning and I was not okay with that. That's not even mentioning the fact that we font live together, and so I would have to drive 10 minutes on top of that to collect him from his house.    He was belittling the amount of time saying "it's pretty much on your way" and then stopped talking to me after he called me selfish. I told him that he should have gotten his driving licence months ago and it's not my fault he was too lazy to get his licence but then ignores me the rest of the day.   Am I being unreasonable? Am I being selfish in valuing that 1 hour extra sleep every morning?   Love to hear an outside perspective.   Thanks.
678	3	   When I was 18 I worked at a movie theater. I was just promoted from usher to assistant manager, which meant I then had to buy and wear ties and stay until 1:00 am for $0.50 cents more an hour.  A family came in and the mom and dad didn't want to see the R rated movie that their two teenage sons wanted to see ( I can't recall what the movie was). According to the corporate policy, a parent had to accompany the underage kids to see the movie, even if their parents gave consent. It was stupid.  So the parents bought four tickets and left because the show didn't start for a few more hours. A few hours came and I noticed these kids came back in without their parents. They went into the theater and I waited for it to start before coming in and busting them/made them leave. The dad came in and was furious (I would be too, looking back).  At the time I cared, but I have no idea why. I guess I just wanted to do my job well, but I should have said, 'fuck it, whatever'. If you're out there, family of four, I'm sorry!  TLDR: I was a douche and kicked some kids out of an R rated movie even though their parents said it was okay for them to see it.
778	3	At the restaurant I used to work at there was an extra upstairs room for special parties and the like. It had a spiral staircase and a large round table sat directly below the staircase. One day a big party came in and wanted to sit upstairs. Everything went great, although it was annoying taking large trays of food up a spiral staircase. Once the party left upstairs i began to clean up the room. I was taking dirty dishes down in tubs and glasses in racks. Finally, there were just a few full pitchers of water. My tray was wet and I knew the pitchers might slide around on it but I put them all on there anyway so I didn't have to keep coming back up and down. I was at the top of the staircase and the pitchers started to slide around. One slides straight off of the tray and dumps its entire contents of icy cold water on an elderly woman's head at the table below the staircase. I think the pitcher even bonked her on the head for good measure. She said my look of horror alone was apology enough.  All of my coworkers were ruthless about it, saying things like I tried to make a waterfall installation and what not. TL;DR- I accidentally soaked an old lady with an entire pitcher of cold water at work.
830	3	I didn’t really understand what disability’s were, and he was sitting at the top of the slide at the school playground not letting anyone else use it. I don’t really remember what he did that really provoked me, but I just remember getting super mad and when no one was looking, pushing him. I meant to push him down the slide, but he hit the edge and fell straight off. I can remember hearing him scream so loud. Because I had done it when no one was looking , no one noticed I pushed him, and they all thought that he had fallen. So when the special ed teacher came out and called an ambulance, all my friends vouched for me and said that none of us had pushed him, that we looked away for a minute and when we turned around he was on the ground screaming, and I didn’t say anything. He came back to school a few weeks later in a cast, and he never told anyone it was me. I’m pretty sure it was broken really bad and he had to get surgery. Every time I saw him around school I felt so guilty, and now, 9 years later, I still feel awful. I only realised he was disabled a few months ago, and my biggest regret out of all of this was not at least apologising to him. I saw him around school for another 5 years after this happened and I never apologised.
551	3	This morning, I wake up late, about 8:30 a.m..  I casually roll over and pick up my iPad in bed, and there are about 11 e-mails and texts saying "Where are you??"  I freak out and jump up.  I quickly look at my calendar, and there's nothing scheduled.  So, I desperately try to figure out what happened.  It turns out that 11 colleagues in Singapore, Washington D.C., Paris and Rome, had scheduled today's Zoom call at 8:00 am New York time.  They had initially offered to have this call on Friday  (which is when I thought the meeting was).  However, I had told them that was inconvenient for me, so they scheduled it for today...solely to accommodate me.  I simply forgot to update my calendar.  TL;DR Nearly a dozen colleagues across the globe waited for me for half an hour, while I slept.
876	3	This was such an accident, my friends still bring it up.  My friends sit in the common room in the atrium, and we all sit in the corner. So when I'm coming down the staircase to see them, I can really only see the top of their heads from the back, because the chairs we have there are huge and cushiony. They usually all sit on these seats.  I was walking down and I see two of my friends standing up, and as I'm walking towards them they're waving and smiling. I get over and I drop my bag and go "Hello, my beautiful bitches."  My friends started laughing. One of them looks horrified.  And then the person who I assumed was my friend Mo, turns around and I just see the business  teacher who teaches my friend Mo. He stares at me and then starts laughing his ass off and im panicking.  I apologize immediately and I keep going "I'm so sorry, sir. I didn't know it was you. You look very young from the back." and he laughs even harder and I'm just so embarrassed I sit down on the sofa and hide my face.  My friends are laughing really hard and he's laughing. I realized he found it funny, of course, but I was so embarrassed.  Now whenever we walk past him I always just stare at the ground and I hear him laugh.  Oh my god.  TL;DR: I didn't see my teacher sitting and I called him a 'beautiful bitch'
825	1	The lady at the customer service desk opened it and looked at it very suspiciously. She even checked the serial number on the sticker to see if it matched the box. She kept asking why I was returning it. I said I bought it for someones bday party, but he already had one. Eventually she took it and gave me the money back.
983	1	I work nights, girlfriend is about to go on a trip to visit family, and  she has to do hundreds of things -do shopping, go to the hairdresser, get her nails done, all the shenanigans.  We don’t live together, but she spends the night at my place quite often and has her own key to my apartment. She had to take a pair of sneakers she left at mine’s for her trip before heading to the hairdresser.   As I mentioned I work nights, and finish my shift at 6am. She calls me at 5.30 to ask me if I’m home already, and that she needed to pick her sneakers. I said that I could arrange to leave in ten minute and meet her there.   When I got home, 5.50, she was already gone and the sneakers with her. I texted her kinda upset telling her that she could’ve waited for me, she replied that if I looked properly I would’ve seen her, maybe walking on the street don’t know, and that I’m a controlling bitch, just like that, out of the blue, no warning, and nothing else happened. She did not tell me she had things to do apart going to the hairdresser, and anyhow I found what she did rude.  I’m not not-disclosing anything else, this is how things went down, and now I’m a controlling buttface for telling her that she could’ve waited for me, mind that it was 5.50 am and no hairdresser is open at that time of the day. I don’t think I did anything wrong, in fact I stand my ground and think that she is in the wrong and that her behaviour is kinda shady, but maybe I’m seeing at it from the wrong prospective?
180	3	I felt like this is the best place to confess this guilt that has been apart of me for the last 10 years.   My sweet mother passed away when I was 9 years old. During her gruesome battle with ovarian cancer, I got frustrated seeing her rapidly deteriorate, I just said what came to my childish mind: I wish you would just die already.   Her response is what continues to aches my soul, she looked at me without words and began quietly sobbing.   Nine year old me couldn’t comprehend the situation, so I left her to cry and walked away with guilt. We never spoke about it, and she passed away months after that happened.  I wasn’t a bad child, I just wasn’t prepared to handle seeing my mother suffer the way she did and it made me frustrated.   Rest in peace mama, you cross my mind everyday.
750	3	Actually happened today, about 10 minutes ago.  So I have exams today, and like many other students, I stayed up relatively late ~~redditing~~ studying. To counteract this crime against psychology, I decided to make some coffee. As I was pouring it this morning, I had the bright idea of "why just bring one cup? Why not the whole pot?". So I stuck it in my backpack, being sure it was upright, thinking I would just be careful with it. I proceeded to then brush my teeth and head to school.  As I was walking through the hall, I began to notice some wetness on the back of my leg. Instantly I had an idea of what it was. I rushed to advisory and pulled it out. It was 2/3 empty. A cup is maybe 1/4. It ended up rotating itself 90°, spilling out. But not that much spilled out of my backpack, so where could it have gone? Into my notes of course! Now all my notes for my exams today, including a textbook, are soaked with coffee. But hey, at least Hamlet survived.  TL;DR: Thought it would be a good idea to bring a whole pot of coffee to school for exams. My notes ended up drinking it.  COMING UP: TIFU by writing a TIFU instead of studying!  Edit: Since you bitches don't believe me: https://imgur.com/a/s6vtt  Also, I think I did decent on my first exam  Edit II: For those wondering, I'm in high school, not college. Also, I did pretty well on my second exam.  Edit III: I wonder if I should get a thermos. What do you guys think?
227	1	[No regrets]   My wife leaves to visit her family every few months. She takes out daughter with her but leaves me home alone with the dogs. Our dogs are well taken care of, but my wife is kind of strict about not letting them on the furniture.  One of our dogs is on a very strict prescription diet. He has absolutely no variety in his diet aside from the occasional egg white and shredded cheese.   When my wife leaves, I let the dogs up on the bed and give them special meals. I cook ground beef or turkey for them. I've made bacon for them and even peanut butter and banana toast.
929	3	So, my boyfriend works nights. He got home around 4.30 this morning and climbed in to bed. I was having a dream about eating an ice-cream at the seaside and a seagull swooping in to eat it. First, the seagull came straight at my face, just as a second one swooped in from the side. My natural instinct was to slap it away so I could keep my ice-cream, right?   Well....  Turns out this happened just as my boyfriend leant in to kiss me and with his hand touch the side of my head. I full on palmed him in the face with one hand and slapped his hand away from my face with the other just as the seagull was stealing my ice-cream.  He shouted in pain, which woke me up. He asked what the hell that was for, to which I responded "sorry, I thought you were a seagull" then apparently I rolled straight over and went back to my ice-cream filled dreams.  TLDR: I dreamt about a seagull stealing my ice cream, which turned out to be my boyfriend leaning in to kiss me. He got a palm to the face as a result...
1	3	As is obligatory, this actually happend a while back. About a year, I'd guess. Fall weather makes me crave popcorn, and I'd rather eat packing kernels than microwaved (not that there's much difference). (Yes, I'm trying to make the word limit. Bear with me.)   So anyway, I get the bright idea that super spicy popcorn would be a great invention. Hell, I thought, I've never seen it in stores, so I could probably patent it, make millions, and retire to a (brief) life of coke and hookers. (I may have been drunk at the time. It passes the law of probability. And it's probably in stores already; I just never buy pre-popped popcorn.)   Anyway, so I have this bottle of 1 million-scoville extract, so I add a drop to the popcorn oil. Is one drop enough? Maybe two. Or three? Meh. Just pour in what looks right.  So I'm sitting back at my computer while listening to the popping start. And after a minute or two my nose starts running, my eyes start burning, my nose starts burning and my eyes start running, and breathing becomes like inhaling razor blades. Da fuq.  The only door to my apt is back through the kitchen, and the closer I get, the more intense the sensory attack. I can't hold my breath because I can't stop coughing. Somewhere during my mad dash to open the door, I realized that the capsaicin oil had been atomized by the heat and popping, creating an atmosphere of, essentially, pepper spray.  tl;dr: I popped stovetop popcorn in seriously intense capsaicin oil and fumigated myself and my apt with pepper spray.  **Edit: Holy Scheiße! Woke up to a stuffed inbox. Eh. Will do my best to respond to everybody, but...**
634	1	(I'm on mobile and this is my first post so sorry for any screw ups)   My younger sister (17) brought a kitten home at the beginning of May, and my parents weren't big fans of it. So I was home from university, and basically raised the cat while she was at school. When summer came around, she got a job at a summer camp, and was gone Sunday-Friday every week. I took care of the cat then as well. At the end of summer, my dad told me he wanted the cat out of the house. So when I left I told her I was taking him multiple times, and she always blew it off as a joke. Now the cat is living in my apartment and she's telling me that she hates me and never wants to speak again.
358	1	The neighbors been fucking with me, I watched them let their dog shit on my lawn for too long. Put on some gloves, I just picked it all up, put it in a box, and started throwing it at their windows, walls, garage, fuck these people. Stop disrespecting me.
258	2	Happened last night, I normally clean the litter box at night right before bed, it was 11pm and I reluctantly grabbed the scooper and a bag and made my way down the hall. I get to the litterbox and take the top off and am confused for a split second at the giant black thing in there, then quickly realize its my cat. I let out a little startled yell and say sorry cat! and put the lid back on, but it was too late, she was running away with cat turds still falling out down the hall.  As I go to get something to clean up with she is investigating her poops and trying to cover them up on the tile floor and im trying to get her away and not make more of a mess then I already have. I clean up and finish my litter box duty, but I definitely will make sure to knock before barge in next time.  TL;DR I opened the occupied litterbox and ended up with more poop to clean up down the hall way.
224	3	On mobile so sorry for any formatting errors  My toe started to really hurt whenever there was pressure on it, and I didn’t know what it was. I checked it and realised my toenail grew and pushed into the skin. I grabbed the cutter things and trimmed it, but now it hurts more. I looked at it again a couple of hours later, and there was a greenish scab where I trimmed it. I thought to myself ‘ok, final bit’ and grabbed some tweezers to take the scab off as that was causing it more pain. The result was horrifying in my eyes. A lighter green liquid started to ooze out of my toe, and mainly due to having seen the stuff before, I knew what it was...  Pus. My toe had somehow been infected with some kind of bacteria, and now it hits when I put socks on, put shoes on, or trip over said shoes. I now wear slippers any time I need to use my feet, and that usually minimises the pain.   So yeah. That’s the story of how I ignored pain in my toe and regretted it later.   For those of you that I know want to ask: No I will not show you my toe as it hurts for me to look at it, I don’t know why some people like that stuff.  TL;DR ignored toe pain, couldn’t ignore infection in toe
494	1	throwaway, and I will be keeping this is Anonymous as I can, every name will be fake.   my sister (cas) 25f and her boyfriend (jon) of 3 years 24m broke up last week, I'm good friends with jon and we chat in a discord server often. I assumed it was a mutual breakup and so asked Jon if he was doing ok, he then asked me if I knew the reason they broke up. I said no and he explained that it was because he was bisexual, he even showed me screenshots where it showed how homophobic my sister is, I was shocked and apologized to him.   the next day I was scrolling through Facebook and noticed my sister had made a post about the breakup, turns out she is claiming that he cheated on her. she must of blocked him so he could not show the actual truth.   with Jon's permission I posted all the screenshots on my Facebook page.   it caused my parents to call me and tell me I have to take the post down as my sister has had over 30 people unfriend her, I've also had messages from my sister that where not so nice. my mum has told me that I'm now ruining my sisters life.   AITA?
538	1	An octogenarian at our church is known for getting free feels when he hugs the ladies. Sunday before last, I saw him grab a handful of my wife's ass, so I came up behind him and grabbed his junk. He pulled away and looked terrified. I think he had it coming.
411	1	All this happened just before the lockdown.   I (22M) was invited to a party by a friend of mine. I got talking to a woman (21F) and we were getting on quite well. She started getting a bit flirty and touchy which was fine because I reciprocated and flirted back... so all was going well until she said:  "You're really good looking for an Indian guy"  This felt very much like a backhanded "compliment". It stung and felt racist to me. So I said to her "I've got no time for racists" and left.   Afterwards, my friend (who invited me to the party) texted me calling me AH for calling her friend a racist... it's worth noting that both my friend and the girl who said that comment to me about being good looking are white. I just don't think that they understand what racism feels like.   AITA?
696	3	I am the dumbest person alive.   Last week I apparently ate something that was contaminated. Spent eight hours on Thursday, starting at 3AM, puking out my digestive system a three to four times every hour. Slept on the bathroom floor when I could. It really sucked.   Well, today is Tuesday. I figured, surely, by now, especially since I haven’t thrown up since Thursday morning, I’m fine! Everything is fine! Sure, my stomach’s been a little upset, but that’s anxiety about getting sick again!  What better way to celebrate my victory, I decided, than a big bowl of chocolate cereal in the car on the way to class while my dad drives?  “HA, HA, HA,” laughs my digestive system. “YOU FOOL!”  And yes! I am the fool. Forty minutes before my first exam of the day starts and my stomach is trying to escape from its mortal flesh prison. I have learned my lesson. I’m never eating food again. I wish I was never born.   TL;DR: had food poisoning last week. Thought I was ok. Celebrated with chocolate cereal. Am not ok. Wish I did not exist. Never eating food again.    Edit: I took my exams and came back to see that my GI system isn’t the only thing exploding lmfao. Glad y’all got a laugh from this. Take care of yourselves! No more cereal for me for the next bit and I’ll be seeing my doctor next Tuesday. Hopefully shit doesn’t hit the fan again. (Ha, ha.)
70	1	So Ive been seeing a personal trainer twice a week for about a year, and slowly but surely her professionalism has dwindled. This past week I arrived for my session to find out she had invited another client to train with us, yet I was still expected to pay full price for the session. Not only that, when I refused to participate in the session with a second person, she charged me full price as a no-show. Am I the asshole for refusing to participate?
973	2	I’ve been applying to jobs for awhile now and most interviews have been via Zoom. One, however, wanted me to come into the office. I found that to be a bit unsafe but did it anyway, wearing a mask. At the meeting, the interviewer definitely did not sit 6 feet apart from me and it was a very uncomfortable position.   At the end, I thanked him for his time and began to leave. He had his hand extended for a handshake. This is an office that sees dozens of people every day and I didn’t know when he had last washed his hands. Pre pandemic, I would’ve for sure shook his hand but given the circumstances, I didn’t feel comfortable. So, I said, “Given the pandemic I think we should use our words as partings”.  He was clearly offended and I guarantee it’s why I got an email a few days later saying the position had gone to someone else.  Am I the butt face?
907	3	My toddler has started potty training and we’re doing the no diaper method. Every 10 minutes or so I have sit the kid on the toilet. Well, we had just gotten done with our millionth round of “let’s go to the potty” with no productivity so I felt it was safe to put dinner in the oven. When I returned there was a huge shit directly in center of my other kid’s Barbie playhouse, close enough, I guess. So I take the toddler to changing table and while there I hear the faint clicking of dogs nails into the room. There was a brief pause and then I hear him throw back his head and devour what I know is the raisin filled poo my toddler decided was best suited for the playhouse. Sooooo, I start screaming “drop it” (too late), take the toddler off the changing table — half wiped — to keep the dog from devouring the rest of the man-sized log. I go to the playroom pick up the dog — who is straining to give my face shitty smelling kisses — and clip him outside on the run to ponder his life decisions. I return to find my toddler comfortably sitting on the couch… my kid is a sit on the edge and move back kinda guy… so there’s a nice long line of poo smeared on my couch. The dog is basically screaming at the back door because it’s drizzling, my older child is crying because “there’s poop on the couch” (kid has yet to see the beloved Barbie playhouse massacre) and my youngest is grinning because he thrives on chaos.  TL;DR: toddler pooped in Barbie playhouse, dog ate it, took dog outside and toddler made poo butt art while I was taking dog outside.
7	2	My parents are obsessed with their religion and have used it as a substitute for parenting my entire life. And that has resulted in them being terrible parents who only know how to criticize and cut me down and force me to live the way they want and take away everything I enjoy. So when I move out and live on my own, I'm going to tell them I don't believe in it anymore. This is the one thing they're most afraid of, even more than me dying or being killed (because if I die, they believe I'll go to heaven for believing in God). I wasn't going to do this initially because I thought what's the point of causing them pain and letting them die thinking I will go to hell? But I realized that it doesn't matter. That may be their reality but it's not mine. And I want to hurt them. They've pushed their reality onto me all this time so now it's time they had a taste of their own medicine.
661	3	This fuck up actually happened yesterday. I work in a university research lab. In our lab there's a lot of communal jobs that get passed out to whoever happens to be in the wrong place, at the wrong time.  I was recently landed with the task of adding all our solvents into the online chemical database we use to keep track of what we have in stock. The process of adding a new material isnt too long, you type in the name, the size of the container, the CAS number and add a barcode sticker. The entire thing takes a couple of minutes tops. The problem came when I wanted to add a new "solvent" folder as a subset of an existing folder, the software we use isn't particularly intuitive, and just didnt seem to want to add this folder where I wanted it. So I pressed delete. And half a second later, I realised my mouse had been highlighting the wrong folder and I had deleted the entire database.  I immediately checked to see if there was any way of undoing this deletion, or if there was a recycle bin. Nothing. I checked to see if anyone had made a backup. Nada. Almost as if the software wanted to rub this in, in my desperate attempts to restore the folder, I downloaded the database history, which told me exactly what had happened. Listing, every, single, chemical, that had been removed, which was somewhere just over 600, but doesn't have the right information to recreate it. So I think it'll take me about 15-20 hours to manually redo the entire database. FML.  TL;DR: I deleted the only copy of our chemical database, and, barring a miracle, will have to reenter the entire database manually.
667	3	I applied SPF 100 sport spray, every hour (give or take) for roughly 4 hours. I was hanging out at the lake and at slightly higher elevations so the water reflection and elevation probably increased the damage.   I pretty much had no idea that I had a problem until I scratched an itch on my back and it hurt really bad. I considered for a split second that I had a burn but like an idiot, I rationalized it as "sunblock burned the broken skin from the scratch".   The blisters formed by the next day and I started reading the can to see if I missed something about applying it. I found the customer service number and called it. Before talking to anyone, I heard a recording tell me that the FDA doesn't require expiration dates on sunblock and to consider it expired after 3 years. This bottle was easily 4-5 years old.  I had no clue.   I went to the doc and got some amazing medicated gauze and they sent me home with pain meds after cleaning the burn off and showing everyone in the building.   It was easily one of the most painful things I have ever experienced. Except when my tank top straps got dried to my blisters on my shoulders and became part of the blister scabs overnight. Trying to pull them off was almost blackout pain. I soaked in a tub for a while until they basically melted off.    This was preventable- Sunblock expires, please check yours and make sure you store it according to the instructions.    TL;DR- Sunblock expires.
56	1	Context: I'm a professional makeup artist. My friend is very plain-looking, but by no means unattractive. She doesn't wear makeup at all or style her hair much. I don't judge her for any of that.  The other day we were talking and she mentioned that she had always felt as though she was ugly and that she was trying very hard to work on her appearance. I told her that I didn't think she was ugly at all, but she told me that I was wrong and that she wished she could look more like me.  I told her that while I didn't think she was ugly, I would be more than happy to do her makeup and style her hair for an upcoming party. She got kind of mad and told me that she wasn't asking for my help at all and that it hurt for her to know that I thought she needed makeup.  I don't really understand why she was upset because I was only trying to help her, but maybe I'm not seeing something others would?
701	2	So I was on the bus yesterday and it was packed. But this lady was so big that none was able to sit next to her. Now I had a seat on the bus for a while but as a student I give up my seat to other people as thats my schools expectation. But the entire time i had been on the bus this lady had been sitting in a 2 person seat by herself. Now when I get on its already full with many people normally standing and it really got on my nerves that this lady had the audacity to take up 2 seats. But when a lady who was deep into her pregnancy and her SO got on the bus it really annoyed me. after 2 or o minutes and no one had offered them or her alone i worked up the strength to ask her if she would get up and give her seat to the couple.   &amp;#x200B;  Thats where i stuffed up. So i asked her politely if she would give up her seat so the lady didn't have to suffer with the pregnancy as badly. (Something along the lines of "Excuse me ma'm would you mind giving up your seat so the lady over there could sit down so its a less unpleasant experience for her, if you could i'm sure they would greatly appreciate it)   &amp;#x200B;  Apparently this was super rude and she got really offended and started shouting that i was 'fatphobic' and rude and that she would report this slight to my schools headmaster and get me suspended or expelled.   &amp;#x200B;  So reddit AITA.
381	2	My friend died due to cardiac arrest during his basketball game last month. We shared the same Netflix account and after he passed, I found myself viewing his profile pondering on whether to delete or keep it as a memory. As I was looking through it, I saw all the shows he watched and saw that he still had some to finish. Netflix was his life so, I thought I’d finish them in his memory. I found myself liking every show he was watching.   RIP Raph I miss you, buddy.   EDIT: For those who may live in my area, they would know how big of a story this was. So, I humbly ask anyone who knows about this incident to refrain from revealing any personal information. It was his family's wishes to keep this quiet. I didn't expect this post to blow up like it did.   Thank you for your support  EDIT: Removed name to prevent people from discovering personal information as commenters suggested. Didn't think this would be an issue. But still want to keep parent's wishes to be preserved.  Can't stress this enough, thank you for your support once again.   EDIT: Realized there's literally no point in removing his name because of the comments and the damage has already been dealt. I didn't expect this to be really an issue. However, for those who research this, please don't reveal anything on this post. Please don't make my mistake be the reason to go against his parent's wishes    Thanks for the support once again
351	2	Today I fucked up, I live with my boyfriends parents with our 1 year old because we just moved to their state and are looking for a rental and staying with them until then.  Its a very free household, ive known them for 6 years so I take my bra off after a long day when I want to and dont think much of it. My daughter has this new thing of wrapping things around her neck like a scarf and she decided to do that with my bra and carry it into the living room.  I really didnt think much of it because its just a bra and I forgot she took it in there honestly.  Well today my MIL is looking for her ear muffs while my FIL is waiting on her in the living room. Shes in her bedroom looking and I walk out into the living room and see my FIL with my bra wrapped around his head. In shock I kinda just stare and he goes “I found (MIL) earmuffs” making a typical dad joke and I awkwardly had to tell him that, that was in fact my bra and not MIL. Both our faces turn red and we start laughing and he instantly of course takes it off. I told MIL what happened and of course we cant stop laughing while poor FIL accepts the fact he had his daughter in laws nursing bra wrapped around his head with both boob parts on his ears.  TL;DR Left my bra in living room and FIL put it on his head acting like they were his wifes ear muffs to be funny then I had to break the news it was my bra not his wifes.
632	1	Back in middle school, I wasn't exactly what you'd call a popular kid. I was chubby with a bad haircut, I did musical theater, I was on the math team and school news team, and in sixth grade, I was on the yearbook committee. In elementary school, one of my best friends was a girl we'll call Alice. I knew Alice was a bully, but she was nice to me, so I stuck with her to gain playground popularity points. As soon as we got to middle school, she immediately ditched me for a more popular crowd. I quickly found a crowd that was more my scene and fell into place with them, but I secretly wished Alice still wanted to be my friend.   &amp;#x200B;  Alice and her cronies quickly made me and my friends the target of the usual middle school bullshit. Nothing unbearable, but it certainly lead to a few crying sessions after I got off the bus. One day in the computer lab, I was editing a page in the yearbook (I took pictures and also had digital access to every single page) and had a devious idea. With a smirk on my face, I changed her name to Eunice. Every single yearbook was printed with her name as Eunice. On the day we got out yearbooks, several of my friends reported that they saw her crying alone instead of running around to get signatures like the rest of us. I heard her parents tried to sue the school.  &amp;#x200B;  To this day, it's still the funniest thing I've ever done. Fuck you, Eunice.
63	2	I drink all of the time, like every time I'm not working. I can tell I'm at rock bottom but I don't have the will the change it. I either want to be drunk or asleep... My life isn't awful but sometimes I wish I didn't wake up. I love to sleep so much. It is my only relief from life.... I can already see the effects of drinking, like memory loss, but I just don't care. I'm just hoping one night it will take me away...... I take the medicines I'm supposed to for depression and anxiety, but I swear they don't help. I'm also too embarrassed to tell the doctor how I feel. I don't want to be locked up, but maybe I need to be. Thanks for reading.
216	3	So my birthday is coming up and I found an item on eBay that I thought would be cool as a present. I figured I would casually mention it to both my wife and my mom...not thinking that either of them would actually try to bid on it.  Well lo and behold, they BOTH ended up bidding on it to try to win it for a birthday present for me and they unknowingly got into a bidding war with each other!!! They ended up driving up the price by about $200 before my wife finally won the auction. They could have just bought it new in the store for $50 less then she won it for!  TL;DR: I mentioned to both my wife and mom about an item on eBay I thought would be nice for my birthday...they unknowingly got into a bidding war against each other and drove the price up considerably.
535	2	I’m 30 and my 12 year old sister is living with me right now because mom and pops are vulnerable so it made more sense for me to care for my sis for the time being.   She is a really great kid and tbh I feel in a lot of ways like she’s my own kid because my mom and dad don’t speak English so I kind of had to raise my sis in ways that they couldn’t. Hard to explain but I’m sure anyone with a secondary culture will get what I mean- my mom and dad are great parents but having an English speaking person to guide you through shit when you live in an English speaking country is invaluable imo and my sister trusts me with stuff she won’t necessarily trust my parents with.   Anyway my girlfriend was FaceTiming me and my sister walked past in shorts and a t shirt cuz it’s hot. My ~~sister~~ gf waited til my sister had left the area ( but not the room) and made a face and said ‘maybe feed her less OP, her thighs are kinda chunky’   I saw red and told her to shut the fuck up (just came out my mouth) and immediately ended the call. My sister is a bit chubby but ffs who says stuff like that about a 12 year old girl.   Literally. Everybody. I. Know. Has been texting me that I’m a POS boyfriend and that how can I disrespect my gf like that. I am expecting an apology from HER but to my shock everybody is expecting ME to apologize.   So Reddit, AITA?
183	1	Okay, so my wife and I are expecting our first child. She is 7 months along and we got an ultrasound yesterday to check on the progress (my wife’s medical issues caused the OBGYN to be extra cautious).   During the appointment, the tech was pointing out our daughter’s different body parts, telling us where the legs and feet are. It was the first time we didn’t really need the help, because we could see our baby looking like a real baby. My wife started crying, and I was comforting her, when she said the words. “I can’t believe I’m making a human being.”  I kept comforting her, but I waited a few minutes and, once the tech was gone, gently reminded her that we are both the parents, not just her. I also told her that saying she’s “making” the baby on her own is not accurate, since I provided half the genetic material.   My wife was still emotional at this point, and she started crying again thinking I don’t appreciate what she’s putting her body through to be pregnant. Obviously this is false, especially since her pregnancy has been so tough that I’ve attended at least two doctors appointments every month. I show her with actions, not words, that I appreciate her.   I just don’t think it’s fair to claim I haven’t contributed something to making our daughter. She is still upset the next day. So, AITA?
488	3	   So  this happened 11 years ago.  Not today, but I saw someone else post  about how they were almost murdered by their pregnant wife, and since  this story never ceases to get a laugh.  Setting  the scene.  I am playing nerd games (Star Wars Roleplaying) with some  friends.  My wife is hugely pregnant with our 3rd child, like 9 months  pregnant.  We haven't slept in a  couple days as she is having low key contractions and has been in and  out of hospital for it, so I'm a bit punchy from lack of sleep.  The  game night ends, we are saying goodbye to the guests, and while  standing next to my very pregnant, very uncomfortable wife I exclaim  "Hey look, I'm the skinny one."  I'm  about 6'2" and well north of 300 lbs.  My wife is 5'2" and fairly  petite.  My friends all look aghast at me.  My wife is now staring  daggers at me.  I decided to double down, we check, and yes, currently  my beer gut is smaller than my beautiful wifes pregnant belly.  I'm  not sure how I lived through it.  My friends still remind me of it.  My  wife still reminds me of it.  I doubt I will ever live it down.  But we are still married, and kid is now 11 years old.  &amp;#x200B;  TL:DR I'm fat, called my wife fat in comparison.
654	3	When I was 11 I had watched a movie on slavery and couldn’t understand or believe in the concept of death. I surmised that it wasn’t that difficult for a slave to escape from a noose so why were the slaves not trying. In order to prove my theory correct I tied a noose to a tree and attempted to hang myself. As I sat there dangling and panicking I was saved by my neighbor.  20 years later i somehow managed to stay alive without falling victim to my fuckery.
743	1	[Light] I’m a 16 year old boy I live in the suburbs. Tonight we have a big parade in the downtown of our city, so tons of cars are driving there and back. I dropped off my parents so they could drink, and had to take the neighborhood route back home since all the main streets were packed. I went 20 on the neighborhood roads since there were people and parked cars everywhere. I noticed a white minivan was riding my ass and I was a little annoyed but not angry yet. Then we got to the stoplight, and they tried to cross the double yellow lines just to be ahead of me in the left turn lane, but I sped ahead because I was not having that shit. So we were both waiting to go left and I had the longest yellow arrow of my life. Also EVERYONE was going where we came from so there was not a single gap I could have went left on. But Mrs. Everythinghastobeperfectformebecausemyhusbandisrich honked 3 times and kept raising her hand and acting like I’m an idiot for not risking my fucking life to make a left turn.   So as soon as I got that green arrow, I drove right next to her and mouthed a glorious “FUCK YOU BITCH”, complete with a middle finger. The look on her face was priceless. She looked so offended and shocked that I would use vulgar language in her little Christian suburb.  I usually try to be civil and not get on the bad side of people with more authority than me, but damn that was L I B E R A T I N G. I’m so sick of rich ass moms doing whatever they want without any consequences, so to upset her like that just felt great.
361	1	I work as a cashier at a grocery store. Whenever a middle aged woman, who clearly looks older than 21, purchases alcohol from me, I intentionally ask them to show me their ID. I do this because somewhere deep down I feel that, if I ask them for their ID it creates an impression that they look far younger than they are. I do this every chance I get, regardless of how busy the line is, in hopes of making them feel younger and possibly happier.
877	3	.I feel absolutely horrible about it. This girl me and my sister used to hang out with (I was about 8 or 9 and my sister was around 12-13) she would always come over to play dolls with us in the yard or whatever and each time she came over we would snag one doll each. She had so many but it’s not like she was rich, she wasn’t rich at all, which makes me feel worse. Her parents worked so hard for her to get those other things and I just took them. She couldn’t just have another. That stuff isn’t replaceable. Her mom later wrote a list of dolls that where missing and gave them to my guardian at the time... nothing was done... I still have them to this day. I was taught how to steal by my parents as a survival tactic when I was a kid and it followed me everywhere unfortunately. She wasn’t the only victim of this. I was such an entitled little kid, I try not to feel to bad about it because of my upbringing but I feel so bad. This girl was traumatized and probably has so many trust issues. She’s around the same age as my sister and she told me the girl was scared to see her in high school. I truly apologize. I have so many stories like this... people trusted me and my sister in their home and we were just free reigning. No respect whatsoever. It’s sad. I couldn’t imagine that happening to me as a kid, I would never trust anyone
140	3	I have a weird living situation. I live in the upstairs apartment of a home with two middle aged men that live downstairs. The house is away from town, kind of far off from people. So I don't usually expect cars or people passing the house often.  Because of this I tend to keep blinds open on the windows. These windows are floor to ceiling, big, definitely see through windows. I have my own entrance because they prefer to use the back door. Because of this, very rarely do they see the front lawn, unless they are driving to go somewhere.   Anyways, I get home from a run. I have one of those sports bras that unzip in the front. So being as stupid as I am, I am standing in front of the window looking out at the fields across from my house. While doing this I am slowly unzipping my sports bra and my boobs pop out. About 20 seconds later,  I see one of my landlords staring straight at the ground walking as fast as he can across the lawn to the door. I hurried and jumped  to the side out of window view.    Every time we run into each other is so awkward now. I know he's seen my boobs. He knows he's seen my boobs. But we don't talk about it. Just a hello and a wave when we pass each other outside. Just thinking about it gives me anxiety. I bought black out curtains the next day.    TL;DR I took my bra off in front of my window and watched my landlord run for the hills when he noticed. Now my living situation is so awkward.
709	3	This is something I’m immensely shameful over, but feel the need to get it off my chest. Last summer I was bleeding some time at the mall, where I found myself in a tightly packed line for the game store. The lady in front of me (with bright blue hair) was just minding her own business, when I leant in, and for god knows what reason, smelt her hair. I don’t know why, but in that moment of time it seemed perfectly reasonable to check if her hair smelt like blueberries since it was blue. Although this doesn’t even make rational sense to me, my body kind of just took over and did it on autopilot. Needless to say, this resulted in me being yelled at by the man behind me to “stop being such a f#ck!ng perv”, causing for a massive scene to be created. Eventually this resulted in mall security being called, where I was escorted out of the mall and asked to never return. This was the single most embarrassing moment of my life, and although it wasn’t a didn’t conscious decision, no one who witnessed it will understand. To this day, I’m kept up almost every night thinking about how creepy looked; sincerely hoping I that I never have to encounter anyone who witnessed this ever again.
452	1	So, my 6 year old often likes to make up his own prayers at night time and it's adorable.    So,  tonight,  he was kneeling at his bed in his jammies looking so cute I could just eat him.     Him: "Dear lord Jesus, please watch over me as I sleep tonight. Please look over mommy and daddy and teachers and friends too and the friends I haven't met yet.   Thank you for dinner and inventing minecraft ..."  *I chuckle lightly*  Him: *turning to me angrily* "IT'S NOT FUNNY!!"  Me: "I'm sorry sweetie, I won't do it again"  Him: *resuming his prayer* "And please don't let my toys come alive tonight. Amen"  And he hopped into bed.   My stifled laugh sounded like a loud pig snorting, so I just layed my face down in his blankets and pretended like I was praying deeply as I tried to compose my self.   Then I got up quickly trying to hide my face, and I sneaked one last look to say good night as I shut the door and he was giving me the death glare.   TL;DR. My son prayed asking Jesus to not have his toys come alive,  I tried to hide my laugh and he gave me the death glare.
76	3	FU happened yesterday. Just realizing and finding out the consequences now.   Normally never have my Fiancé drive my car, she has hers, just no need. My car has “push start” button (important later). But I was being lazy and she found something she wanted to buy on Facebook marketplace that was kinda far away and could only fit in my car. I had no interest in the item but she was going to need my help carrying it. So we get in the car, she drives to the place, we get it and come back. Normally I would have asked my fiancé for the keys to put in their spot, but I just didn’t bc she’s like OCD about putting her keys away. Also FU by being lazy and not running to the store later last night, lie I had intended. Would’ve fixed the issue. Anyways I live in a nice neighborhood, own my own house, car WAS in my driveway last night. Go to leave for work this morning and it’s gone. Fun times. Apparently my fiancé forgot the keys were in the center console and forgot to grab them bc she didn’t need to pull them out of the ignition. Cops on their way now. Fiancé feels awful. I really don’t blame her. Just a product of several bad decisions and asshole people.  TL;DR Fiancé drove my car. Not used to a push to start button. Left keys in car overnight in my driveway. Was stolen by some asshole.
146	3	Disclaimer: This actually happened several years ago, but I do still feel really bad.  I was out on a date with a girl and things were going well despite me being a nervous wreck. We got to talking and she admitted she had depression and at one point was even suicidal, but was proud of herself for getting past that chapter of her life. She then shows me her semi-colon tattoo on her wrist and explains the significance - that it means the sentence could have ended there, but the author decided to add more. It’s all very sweet and heartfelt. Now, I in no way have any issues with mental illness and still feel super guilty about this to this day, but me with a perpetual foot-in-the-mouth syndrome say “You know in programming it means end”.  She doesn’t say anything.  I don’t say anything.  Suffice to say I never got a second date.  &amp;#x200B;  TL;DR I told a suicidal girl who semicolon tattoo means "end" in programming.
420	1	Wife and I have 4 kids. Ages 6, 8, 10, and 12. When they each turned 5 years old, we taught them how to fold and put away their own laundry. Wife or I operate the machines, but the kids assist in moving the washed clothes to the dryer. When done, they put the clothes into a basket, fold them in the living room, and put them away. We believe that it teaches them a skill early in life, helps them appreciate honest work, and frees my wife and I from doing 8-10 loads of laundry a week that just get dumped in the floor.  When our friends and family found out, they looked at us like we murdered our children. "They're just babies, they shouldn't have to do that." We've never passed judgment on anyone for the way they raise kids, and don't understand all the hate.
700	1	A friend [Carla] broke up with her boyfriend [Steve.] They had gotten a puppy together [mixed breed, shitzu-poodle mix]. They had Dog for four months, broke up, and Carla asked someone to adopt it for $230. The dog was about seven months old when the adoption took place.  I have had Dog for about three months and have put a lot of work into her. We have gone on some road trips, I have another small breed dog she loves, and I really care for this dog. Dog has had a few medical problems, I have had her in training, and really put a lot into this dog.   Now that Carla and Steve are back together, they have asked for the dog back. Carla told Steve she had someone fostering the dog while she got a new place, and I think she is trying to save face.   I don't intend to give the dog up, but a few mutual friends seem to think I am an asshole. I don't talk to Carla much anymore and have since taken her off social media, blocked her, because I have no intention of giving back the dog I paid for and have fallen in love with.   I am moving soon, so it's not like I will see these people again. I also live in an apartment, have the paperwork for the dog, and don't think Carla would try to steal Dog back. But I just wondered, am I an asshole ?
707	1	My parents are retired and moved to Florida last year and transferred over the deed to me. My uncle has been living in their house for about 20 years and although they didn’t say it, they implied that they wanted me to let my uncle continue living there. Truth to be told, I wanted to sell my current house and move into there because it is much larger and more modern. Plus I plan on having children in 2 years. My uncle has been a financial and emotional drain on our family for the past 30 years. He’s extremely quick to anger and I have memories of him breaking my things when he got annoyed. I proceeded with the eviction order and it’s still in process currently. My parents are upset and my grandmother even more so. But honestly, I’m happy. He was never a good person to me when I was a child and a teenager. Now I’m finally in a position where I can  finally get him off my back. My parents probably wanted to push the burden of taking care of this man child to me. I’m not going to waste my resources and my wife’s resources to provide for a 50 year old man.
125	3	The other evening we were at a friends house and they have a 5 year old boy. Our friends (his parents) had cooked him chicken nuggets and chips and My 10 month old was standing at the little kiddies table watching him eat then suddenly reached to grab some food off his plate. He responded by pushing her and caused her to slam her head into the table. She started screaming and I immediately scooped her up and the 5 year old boy says "I hate her she is so annoying" I instinctively turned to him and said "I know she annoyed you but you shouldn't ever push babies!" I didn't yell at him or anything I just said it calmly. All of a sudden he burst into tears and his mum (our friend) started comforting him and saying "don't worry, you didn't do anything wrong" She had seen the whole thing play out. Meanwhile my kid was hysterically crying. It really put a dampener on the evening and I'm new at this mum stuff. I am wondering if I overstepped the line by telling someone else's kid not to push babies, or if I was being a reasonable protective mum. So, AITA?
16	3	I walked into my kitchen, starving because i had just got home from work, and saw a thing of lettuce in a pasta drainer in my sink. I was thinking to myself *oh cool lettuce that isn't ice berg lettuce.* My mom explained that our family friends came over and gave us some garden lettuce, and then she put the drainer of lettuce onto the counter. I assumed it was washed because it was just in the sink, so i grabbed a piece and chowed down until i felt a weird slimy blob on my tongue.  I immediately thought i ate some rotten lettuce, so i pulled it quickly out of my mouth only to find a SLUG in between my fingers. I put it on the counter and it started crawling away or whatever the fuck slugs do. My mom put it outside while i rinsed my mouth out and for the rest of the day i was very cautious eating  Tl;dr: ate some unwashed lettuce unknowingly and felt something squishy in my mouth,  only to pull out a slug
884	1	I was tired of her family acting like it was okay for her to steal from me and then treat me like a villain for reacting. I was tired of her constant lying. I was tired of all her shit. I was taking meds for mild anxiety that I caught her trying to take out of my bag once. So I switched them with laxatives for next time and I pretended not to notice her slip them out of my bag again. She left soon after so I don't know how many she took or what happened. But I'm sure it was vile. My boyfriend and his family don't know I did that.
475	2	I go to an art college and my major's building has gender-less bathrooms. I'm in that building more than I'm in my apartment, so I obviously have to use them and I hate it. The first time I used them I didn't know which one to go into so I walked in on a guy using the urinal. And now on the one without urinals there's still guys going in and out of it. I feel so uncomfortable. I feel like the stalls aren't enough, theres only two. This pisses me off and I feel like this doesn't help at all.  Edit: Grammar and spelling  Edit: there are two bathrooms and they're only labeled "bathroom". I don't feel comfortable with guys walking into the same bathroom not because of past "social norms", but because it's fucking creepy. I never wanted gender-less bathrooms. You literally don't know which one to go into at first so I ended up walking into one with a guy at a urinal and I don't want to look at a guy peeing.
631	3	First time poster and on mobile so aplogies if not formatted ok.  Preface this by saying that this did actually happen earlier today. I was at work in a supermarket and I was manning the self serve tills. I see a man struggling with scanning with a newspaper as all the inside leaflets etc were falling out everywhere. So I go over to help him and ask him 'do you want a hand'.  I then look at him and see that he only has one arm. My face just drops into a look of horror as I realise what I just said and we just look at each other.   Luckily he just laughed as I was trying not to die of embarrassment and accepted my help. Honestly I don't think I have ever wanted the floor to swallow me more than at this moment.   As he was leaving he waved goodbye with the flap of his coat where his missing arm was and I just went bright red whilst my colleagues laughed at me. They continued to laugh and reminded me of this for the entire day and I am not sure I will ever live it down.   TLDR: Asked a man with only one arm if he would like a hand with scanning a newspaper. Proceeded to almost die of embarrassment.  EDIT: I was not expecting all these comments but I love reading them and I'm glad this hasn't just happened to me! It's also interesting to see it from the other persons perspective too. I am glad that most of you can find the humour and it makes me feel a bit better about earlier (though still mortified). Also thank you for the awards!
413	3	This actually happened only a few hours ago. I was laying on the couch watching Wedding Crashers  this afternoon. Taking a well deserved break after my last final yesterday.   When I watch movies I have a habit of putting my wedding ring in my mouth and flipping it between my lips and teeth with my tongue. I rarely even realize that I'm doing it. I let out a thunderous laugh during the "notch on your belt" line.   My ring slid down into my throat and playing a dangerous game between my trachea and esophagus. And it chose my trachea. I sat up rapidly and coughed to clear it from my windpipe. It only moved enough to clear out of my trachea. But the ring was still sitting in the back of my throat. So when I reflexively swallowed the ring travelled down my esophagus and ended up nestling itself deep in my stomach.   Immediately I realized my fuck up. Which was reiterated by the doctor at the hospital. "Don't put anything in your mouth that you don't intend on consuming." Thanks doc.   Well now I have to poop sift.    And tell my wife.    Marriage is indeed a hard pill to swallow.   TL;DR I swallowed my wedding ring and still haven't told my wife.   Edit: I posted a comment down below with a link to the X-ray.   Edit 2: For all who are interested. I have not told my wife yet. She is out of town. Will update when I tell her.   Edit 3: For clarity.
98	1	Recently my boyfriend introduced me to a group of friends.  We went to a fancy Italian restaurant together. I am Italian. My family lives in Italy, and I lived there for more than twenty years before moving to the US. While my boyfriend and his friends all ordered wine and "fancy meals", I opted for a soft drink and some roasted chicken with fries. I've always been picky, and I'm not a fan of the american version of Italian food. I seldom eat italian here in the US, and that dinner was not an exception.  One of my boyfriend's friend, J., made a joke about me being "clearly not fancy enough to enjoy real Italian". I replied that I like my italian food in Italy. I think J. understood something like "I once went in Italy and liked the food there", and proceeded talking about his two weeks in Europe 5 years ago. I said nothing about it for the rest of the meal. While we were eating dessert, one of the other friends asked me where I was from, since she noted my accent was a bit weird. I replied Italy. J. instantly went silent. He barely looked at me when we said our goodbyes. Later my boyfriend told me I was kind of a dick, but he's a bastard and probably enjoyed the look on J.'s face. One of his friends later messaged him to let him know that I'm an AH for embarrassing J.
974	2	I (F24) moved in with my boyfriend (M23) of 2.5 years last month. We are both full time students. So far everything has been going well, except that fact that he doesn't like to wash up the dishes straight away after a meal. As I always do them straight away, this bothers me.   We've spoken about it, and he says that he'll do them if I ask him too and we can take it in turns. So problem solved...  But if I ask him, he says he'll do it later but he forgets and never does them. We have plenty of dishes so it's no problem to take more clean ones from the cupboard. Along with this, he's started a habit of leaving dirty lunch boxes around the flat, which I'm finding days later moldy... I accept that it takes a while to get used to living together when we've previously been living both alone for a year, but I'm not his mother.   So, I've started only washing up what I've used. Any cups, cutlery, plates etc (or lunch boxes I found) he's used I just pile up on his side of the dinner table so he can deal with it in his own time.   To me, this is a solution. I'm no longer feeling like I'm nagging him, and my side of the table is clean and clear.   But he is upset by this. He says it feels like we're not living together as a couple, more like roommates, and he does other stuff for us so I should wash his plates too if I'm doing them anyway.   So, am I the butthole for washing only my dishes?
395	1	For some reason this reminded me of a scam some friends and I did when we were much younger (in our late teens early twenties). We called it pulling a "Voulez Vous"  My friends wife was attractive and trashy and she'd walk the streets of Lake Worth, FL (way before  gentrification , think late nineties)  with us following nearby in my car.   Inevitably she'd be picked up by a John and negotiate a price for sex. She'd ask for the money up front and ask the John to stop at a Quick Mart to buy condoms or beer or whatever.   W'ed park near the guy and when the wife would get out of the car, my buddy would hop out of the passenger side of my car  and make a huge scene about where she's been, and she's neglecting their kids, who the hell is this guy, etc. The guy would always drive away and we pocketed the money.   Not the brightest thing to do in the universe, super risky but we were all young and very stupid. We bought weed and beer with the money. Good times.
498	3	I'm gonna keep this short: me and a friend just lounging around, shooting the shit at his house for the weekend. Somebody left a connect four set on the dining room table, so we were mindlessly playing with not much else to do.  I was a little zoned out, but this fucker tried to cheat and put two checkers in at once while I was on my phone. **Nope, fuck you**.  I blurted out "Not the first time you've tried to hide your cheating!" which is true, because this guy loves to bend rules in his favorites whenever we have anything involving a competition.   Unbeknownst to me, his wife was in the other room, and neither of us heard her go through the front door. She charges into the room, absolutely speechless, wanting to know what the fuck I just said. I tried to say it was just a joke, but apparently she was already suspicious since he had been coming home from work later than usual (a road he took was getting repaved, I can confirm he wasn't being a dick).  Fast forward a few weeks and now they are filing for a divorce. My friend said it wasn't my fault, but that she retaliated and cheated on him since she thought I really did spill the beans, resulting in the divorce.  TL:DR Female spy undercovers fake information; retaliates and starts nuclear war.
128	1	It’s silly, I know but it works on so many levels.  We’ve been together for about 6 years and we love each other, we have our normal argument and will talk them through so it seems pretty healthy. However, everrryy now and then she will be pissed at me for something that is pretty minor, while I know whatever it is is important to her, I personally don’t give two shits. So instead of telling her I don’t give two shits(escalating it further), and I eventually do whatever it anyways...I start eating an apple.  99% of the time it just keeps me quiet and 60% focused on her while 40% focused on munching down on a delicious apple that sort of send me out while eating it.  But then there’s the 1%. Where I kind do want to escalate a bit but I’m smart enough not to say anything that I’ll regret. So, I eat the apple in a way where I’m obviously paying more attention to it than her. I obnoxiously crunch when I take the bite, I put a bit more emphasis on that slurping noise from taking a big bite, and I make eye contact with the apple a lot more and say a lot of “uh huh”.  She finishes the rant, I do the thing, shes happy, I’m happy, and she was only probably slightly annoyed at me making love to an apple for a few minutes while she got the anger out. Idk if she realizes I do this because I do generally just love apples but they definitely make everything work.  TL;DR  I eat apples to zen out during an argument and depending on how angry I am, switch up my style of eating to slightly annoy or a bit without escalating whatever it is.
143	1	My sister has been vegan for many years and she is also raising her son vegan. He has been vegan since birth. My nephew and son attend the same school so I pick them up from school everyday. My nephew has snacks + dinner at my house every weekday before his mom comes to pick him up.   I usually make a dish for my family and a separate vegan dish for my nephew. A couple of months ago I left them with their homework and snacks and went to do some chores, came back and found nephew &amp; son sharing chicken nuggets. I provided him with vegan snacks but he still ate the chicken nuggets. I told him those weren't vegan and he told me he that he eats meat in school sometimes. His friends share their meals with him sometimes. I thought about telling my sister but decided not to.   So basically I continue to give him vegan options but don't say anything if he chooses the non vegan option. Usually he goes for the non vegan one. Maybe because because he never gets to at home. I know my sister would freak out if she knows he's eating meat. She's staunchly vegan and eating animal products goes against her ethical beliefs which I completely understand and respect. My husband thinks IATA for not telling her and being dishonest, but I think nephew is old enough to make his own dietary choices (he's 10 this year).   So, AITA? Should I tell my sister what's going on?
152	1	I save my sons Mc Donald's wrappers and happy meal boxes then reuse them by serving him microwave chicken nuggets and oven French fries in them. I even throw in ketchup packets and a little toy he'd forgotten he had to help sell the lie. He loves it. And I'm not sorry.
870	1	  I'm in line getting ready to buy some chewing tobacco. Now I know chewing tobacco is horrible for me, but some days I just need the little escape.   Behind me is what can best be described as someone fitting the [Can I Speak to the Manager](https://i.imgur.com/D8Ftqal.jpg) profile. As I tell the cashier what I want, this lady loudly interjects in a condescending tone: &gt;There's no reason you should be buying that crap.  I have a friend who was addicted to that stuff and got mouth cancer.  It's moronic to keep buying something that will kill you.  I replied  &gt;It's no worse than being obese from an eating addiction, but I'm not preaching to you to put back the junk food.  Her response, and hence the post was  &gt;Asshole.
210	3	This happened about 15 years ago but I was just reminded of it today.  I got banned for life from my neighborhood supermarket once.  I had bought a bunch of stuff and when I got to the checkout realized I'd forgotten my wallet. I only lived a few blocks away and they knew me so the cashier said she'd just walk home with me and I'd give her the money and I was like OK sure. I did exactly that and I thought everything was kosher then the next time I went the manager kicked me out. Apparently she'd just pocketed the money and told the manager I stiffed her and he believed her. I was never allowed to shop there again.  I had even left my pager there (back then this was like leaving your iPhone, I carried one because i worked as a sysadmin) so they wouldn't think I was trying to scam them. I never got it back.  You may notice some flaws in my thought processes - it's because I was high as a kite when this happened.  [TL;DR got banned from my local supermarket for letting a cashier scam me out of $100 worth of groceries because I was high]  [Edit - I didn't just go get my wallet from my house because they were about to close and there wasn't time, and the cashier assured me it was no problem]  [Edit 2 - As people pointed out I misspoke when I said I got scammed out of the groceries - the cashier scammed the store out of them and I got blamed]
614	1	When I was a kid during the summer time I would go to a place called the Boy's Club. It's kinda like a day care / daily summer camp for older kids. My mom would drop me off in the morning and pick me up in the evening. I went for maybe 3 years in a row from the ages of 7-10. Well, one afternoon after a game of kickball, everyone came inside for lunch. I went to the locker room to go number 2, and when I was finished I saw I was the only person in there. I scooped my feces out of the toilet with my bare hand and slung one scoop on the wall and one scoop on the lockers. I then used a broom to smear the feces all over the place. I washed my hand and went back to the cafeteria. After lunch we were all in the game/tv room and the head of that division on the Boy's Club came in and got everyone's attention. He told everyone of the feces and was very angry. What stood out most to me was he used the word "shit", and everyone was like "Ooooo". Anyways, they never found out who did it.
308	3	I feel like a real ass for even typing this out. Because I thought we'd live happily ever after with no problems.  My SO is a great guy. He helped me buy my first apartment, and car and really showed he wanted to go through life with me.  We're now married with two adopted children who I love very much, and I love my partner all the same.  But the thing is, I've been so bitter lately because I try so, so fucking hard to indulge myself into his interests. His boring movies, I sit through without complaint. His stupid football games and buddies over. I don't complain, I make them all dinner and watch the kids so he can have fun.  Yet when I ask him to do something with me (from a video game, to a movie I want to see) he just complains and makes fun of the activity before leaving to bed.  I'm starting to get upset and angry. I put up with it for as long as I could, but I still feel like I'm being unreasonable and selfish.  One night he wouldn't watch my pick of movie and I even cried and told him about how lonely I feel lately. He just patted my head and told me to get some sleep.  We haven't talked about it since. But I still feel awful for even thinking of being unhappy with him. We've been together for 12 years and I really thought he was the one.  And now, over some stupid shit, I feel absolutely terrible and lonely.
455	1	This past Friday, my girlfriend and I had a small get together at our apartment where I proceeded to get very drunk. I'm not a very experienced drinker. My girlfriend put me to bed early in the night. The next morning, I wake up very hungover and thirsty. I see that there is a water bottle on my night stand with a sticky note that says "water" on it. I thought this was weird at the time, because what else would it be? Very thankful that I didn't have to get up to get water, I proceed to chug the "water" only to quickly realize that it was actually vodka and then vomit all over our bed. At that point, my girlfriend woke up and was very angry at me.   I felt very bad, I didn't realize at the time that my girlfriend had left the bottle there, so I got up and cleaned everything up even though I felt like dog shit. She denied putting the "water" there so I just thought one of our friends did it. It was a shitty thing to do, but I got over it until later that day one of the people there that night tagged me in an Instagram video of my girlfriend basically setting up the prank. It shows her pouring vodka into a water bottle and saying how funny it's going to be while her friend filming it is telling her she's being a dick and she just laughs and says "hair of the dog" then howls.  I confronted my girlfriend about this and she thinks the video is hilarious and sees no problem with it. I told her if she really didn't remember doing this, then she has a drinking problem. It was a very cruel thing to do. She said I was overreacting and being sensitive.
62	2	My (26f) boyfriend (27m) is really into cars. He recently discovered a charity project where they fixed up an old Jaguar. It's worth around $300000. You could buy a ticket for $50 to enter and the money went towards a good cause.  My bf is broke at the moment so I offered to go halves with the ticket. He didn't want to because then the car wouldn't be his completely. I wasn't too worried about it and didn't mention it again. I did however buy a ticket for myself.  Well, I won and as of August 1st will be the owner of the car. When my boyfriend found out he was really excited until I told him that I was going to sell it and put half of it in my savings and invest half of it. he said I can't sell OUR car without consulting him. I told him it's MY car and I can do whatever I want.   He now claims it was all a big misunderstanding and apparently he wanted to go halves but hasn't got around to giving me the money yet. I call bs on it but he keeps saying that we're a couple and we should make decisions together.  AITA for going ahead with the plan to sell the car and keep the money to myself?
109	3	My son was not doing his homework so I confiscated his GBA. I told him he would get it back next week.  Well he’s a pretty clever dude and knew all my hiding places, so I put it someplace he would never look.  Except I suffered a TBI a few years earlier and I forget stuff. So when he did his homework and asked for it back after a week, I ... could not find it. Aargh. I looked everywhere.  Narrator: Obviously not everywhere...  Then we moved house. And I still didn’t find it.   Spongebob: 18 YEARS LATER...  I was donating some coats I had not worn in a long time. And in the pocket of a Viennese trench coat from the 1930’s, I found... his Gameboy Advance. And turned it on. And it WORKED. Pokémon appeared.   I put fresh batteries into it and handed it to my 28 year old son. Who proceeded to laugh for a good five minutes. Then played it for a few hours. Then proceeded to tell my wife and other adult children how silly I was.  TL/DR: Hid kid’s Gameboy, forgot where. Found it almost 20 years later. Family has further proof that I’m an idiot.
528	3	I moved into my house about 2/3 years ago. I'm 30 (look 20) with a family. It's also a british town and my house is semi detached in a street of terraced houses.  I'm quite the introvert so apart from my direct neighbours I really made no attempt at getting to know the rest around my house. That being said, if someone speaks to me I will happily speak to them.  Cue to the incident, a OAP came up to me while I was taking stuff to my car and she started asking questions. The usual stuff you ask new neighbours but then she asked me when I planned on moving which I thought was quite unusual. I told her I had no plans to move yet and then she went on to talk about how young people have started moving into the street and it is much so noisy, especially those with families (She knew I have kids but they barely spend any time outside) and how she wished it went back to a street of old people.  For about 10 minutes there was nothing but low key insults about young people. I couldn't really excuse myself as I had stuff to do with my car that was time sensitive.  So in the end I just said  "You can't expect only old people to live in a street, eventually they grow old and die. Maybe wait a few years and we'll be old and you'll have your street back if you're still around."  She looked at me as if I just murdered her family and walked off. In the heat of the moment I felt justified but thinking back on it, I pretty much told her she will be dead soon which no one really likes hearing. She just wouldn't stop talking about the good old times.
319	3	Last week one of my coworkers started to feel unwell and another coworker took her to the ER. She was having an allergic reaction. She has an allergy towards peanuts and thinking back on it I probably caused the reaction since we both had had to use the same computer to check order and I had peanut butter on my waffles that morning. I definitely don't think I washed my hands after either. Once somebody got the call she was ok they asked us all in a group who had had peanut butter that day and I stayed completely silent.  Well, yesterday she came back into work. She was fine and everything, but apparently the trip to the ER still cost her $300 after insurance plus the money she lost not going to work for a two days. Our coworkers all sympathized and a few started saying whoever had the peanut butter should have to pay. Since I wasn't part of that conversation. I just heard them from across the room, I just focused on my work an tried to avoid the subject for the rest of the day.
496	1	Alright so I'm picking up some pizzas for dinner, after getting the order I'm on the way back to my car when a  little girl maybe 12 and what is probably her younger sister around 6ish? approach me and ask if I had any money to spare. I figured yeah I probably do, grabbed $5 from my wallet and handed it to her. She looks at me and says 'We want $20 please", I say oh sorry sure, give me the $5 back and I'll get you a $20. So I took the $5 and walked away.   Girlfriends saying it was a dick move but I'm not sure. The girls looked untidy (no shoes but still clean) definitely not impoverished or homeless.
826	3	Yesterday was my Grandaddy’s funeral.   Grandaddy was a quiet, gentle man. He enjoyed his farm, his garden, mowing the yard, his family, salt and pepper shakers, and giving to others. His mark on this earth is one of kindness, caring, and being good to others over the course of 94 years.   I have a lot of regrets when it comes to him. I simply did not spend enough time with him, and I will never pretend that I did. I had a hard time going over there after my granny died over nine years ago. By the time I realized my mistake, and promised him I was going to come see him every week I got sick, he got sick, I had to break my promise, and it was too late.   Even if you are tired, even if you just want to spend your time around the house, even if you feel like it’s inconvenient, find the time. Make the time. Please don’t do what I did when it comes to the people you care about. Please don’t set yourself up for a life of regret as I have.  TL;DR, I fucked up by not spending enough time with my grandfather over the last nine years.
167	3	It was for my last gen-ed, a simple 500 word essay. I wanted to go out that night so I said fuck it and copied a wikipedia paragraph and changed it up. I thought it was good enough to pass turnitin, apparently not. Its up to the teacher to determine what punishment I could have gotten. She sent me to the dean with the recommendation that I be expelled. Now the dean told me I can't graduate. I spent 4 years working on an engineering degree. I have over $100,000 in loans, and I can't be hired without my degree. My life literally vanished in the matter of 20 minutes.  Worst part was that I could have taken a 0 on the assignment and still passed with a B.   TLDR: Got kicked out of school for plagiarizing my last college essay which I could have taken a 0 on.
378	3	The day started off relatively normal. I’m a high schooler and I was at my school and I felt pretty sick, so I told my parents. Then, shit goes fucking nuts.   So I’m waiting at the office for the dean to show up and grant me a pass. I’m waiting for about an hour and no response. I’m about to just leave anyways when I learn the dean wasn’t here today. Another dean comes and asks me what I need. I tell him, and he asks me to call my mom. I do and she confirms everything. I get the pass.   I’m waiting for the bus so I can go home. Both my parents are at work. I have to wait 20 minutes for the bus. When it finally comes, I jump on. Halfway through the hour long ride I think to myself, huh, I kinda have to take a piss. Whatever, it’ll probably be enough time to get home and then use the bathroom. Big mistake.    By the time the bus stops, I’m struggling to contain the piss. My home is a 15 minute walk from the stop, so I part walk part run. I contemplate stopping at a restaurant to see if I can use the bathroom. I think to myself that it’s fine, I can probably make it. I also don’t want to interact with others as I am fairly antisocial. When I reach my house, I’m fumbling to get my keys out. I unlock the door and run up the god forsaken stairs. Seriously, why is the bathroom on the second floor? I’m about to make it when I feel the piss coming out. I’m literally *in the fucking bathroom* when the shit starts to flow from me. I’m just sitting there with a tear in my eye thinking “fuck me.”  TLDR: I felt sick, so I went home early without using the restroom at school, ended up posing myself in front of the toilet.
423	2	Alright, hear me out, because I know how this sounds. I (22M) have been best friends with "John" (22M) for about 6 years. We always had a fairly affectionate relationship, but I never really thought much of it. About 5 months ago, John came out to me and I was completely supportive, but to be honest I started to consider some of his actions in a new light.   For example, he tries to cuddle with me, hug me from behind, etc. I am completely supportive of him being gay, but some of these actions are making me uncomfortable. Also, he is pretty possessive and gets very upset if I ever spend time with a girl over him. He always says things like "you don't care about me anymore!", seemingly just to get me to say that I do. It's getting pretty exhausting, and frankly I am starting to wonder whether he has a crush on me based on his behaviour.  I told him about a month ago that I would appreciate if he reduced some of these behaviours, and he did not take it well. He was upset, and again it was about how I am trying to push him away. We haven't hung out quite as much since, but when we do there is just as much physical contact as before, even though that is one of the issues that I addressed.  I feel like I can't put up with this anymore. I want it to be clear that I have **no issue** with him being gay, but I would just prefer if these actions were not directed towards me.  WIBTA if I ended this friendship?
908	2	I (21m) have a son who just turned 1, his mum who was my girlfriend died in labour along with the other baby she was carrying. I was diagnosed with terminal cancer 3 months ago and I don't have very long left (two months at most) I have accepted that I'm going to die but now I have to think about what's best for my son.  I had to decide who my boy would go to and I thought my mother(55) naturally but then I started to think of her situation as my older(29) lives with her along with his 5 kids all aged under 5 and I decided not to as mum works and my brother tbh isn't really raising his kids, more dragging them up and can be neglectful. I wasn't going to put my son in that environment as I want someone to actually care for him. So I then thought of my aunt(33) on my dads side. she is a good mother and her husband a good father to their 3 girls and I know they could provide for my son. I asked them and they agreed.  My mother however found out that I wasn't leaving my son with her and she got angry with me, that she's loosing me and now loosing her grandson. I gave her my reasons and that she realistically can't raise him while she's basically raising a man-child and his kids. It all ended in an even bigger argument and now I'm cooling off at home. I understand that things are terrible for her right now as I won't be here soon but my aunt is a much better choice. It's not like my son won't know who she is as the walk between hers and my aunts is only 5 minutes.   Am I the asshole?
196	1	[light]  I love my fiancé so much. He was my high school crush when I was a freshman and he was a senior. We matched on tinder 5 years later and now we're getting• MARRIED.   Sometimes I still can't believe how lucky I am. I'm convinced it's all just a really good dream or that he's going to wake up one day and realize he's way out of my league.   In 9 days I am marrying the love of my life in front of 100 of our closest friends and family and I'm so nervous that everything is going to go horribly wrong.  But then I look at him sleeping next to me in bed and I realize it's all going to be okay as long as he's by my side.
925	1	I am a teacher. A parent sent me screenshots of her daughter's text messages. A student of mine who is a boy [13M] had texted a girl who is also my student [13F].  This was the conversation:  Boy: Hey, its "boy's name". I really like you.  Girl: Umm what do you mean?  Boy: I have a crush on you. Do you want to maybe date?  Girl: No I don't like you sorry.  Boy: Oh ok  This was the extent of his pursuit of her. The mother said they are way too young to date and said that this was harrassment. She wanted me to punish or report the boy and remove him from the class.  I told her those demands are ridiculous, it wasn't harrassment because he accepted her saying no, and that its fairly common middle school stuff. She was pissed and said I need to do my job.
949	2	So I’m in high school and I’ve been dating this girl for about 9 months now. Things are great and I love her a lot. We have this nightly ritual where we FaceTime before bed and just talk. Last year we would stay up to 2 am some nights just talking. I loved having those long talks with her. But I’m also someone who needs 8 hours of sleep as a bare minimum to function and not be tired. I was so sleep deprived last year I started to get sick all the time. I would fall asleep in numerous classes and was absolutely miserable. I was also having to nap 2 hours a day to try to make up for lost sleep. My parents even noticed my exhaustion and would always bring it up.  Fast forward to this year. I loved catching up on my sleep this Summer and it felt so good to be well rested. Not to mention I’m still growing and need the sleep if I want to continue to do so. I promised myself a strict bedtime of 10:30 at the absolute latest so I would always be getting at least 8 hours. It’s been fantastic so far and I love being energized and awake during the day. Some days I go to bed at 9:30 or 10:00 if I’m feeling really tired.   My girlfriend also started new dance classes this year with later times. This means that she’s getting home anytime between 8 and 930. This leaves a lot less time to talk at night and she often procrastinates school work which doesn’t help. When I’m tired and say what time I’d like to go to bed that night, it’s always met with adamant complaining and attempts to guilt me into staying up. It also takes me a bit to fall asleep so I usually give myself an extra 15 mins to do so. I go to bed anyway despite her guilt attempts. Am I the buttface?
655	3	Happened this morning, about 5 hours ago.   I was on my way to work, following a guy towing a trailer behind him. I noticed some sparks coming from somewhere underneath the trailer.  Normally, I wouldn't think twice about it, but I was having an especially good morning and wanted to help. Plus he was hauling a decent sized excavator and didn't want something to happen to it, because it looked pretty new.   We pull up to a stop light, and I hop out of my truck to run up to him and let him know. Apparently he didnt see me, because when I said excuse me (his window was open) he turned and punched me in the jaw.   Being one who didn't want to escalate the situation, I let him know about the trailer and proceeded to apologize for scaring him.   As I turned around to go back to my truck, the light turned green. The way this intersection is, there is the lights we were waiting at and another light 50 back down the road to tell incoming traffic what the light is, as it's somewhat if a blind curve.   As I'm walking back to my truck, a woman comes around the corner and slams into the back of my truck, pushing it forwards into me. It didn't move very fast, but hit me hard enough to knock me over and crack a few ribs.   She then gets out and yells at me for being stopped at the intersection as I'm laying on the ground in quite a bit of pain. The way she viewed it, I was an 18 year old kid who got out of my truck to do something stupid.   The cops got there and she got cuffed after trying to assault one of the officers.   TL;DR I stopped to tell someone about a chain dragging under their trailer, got punched in the jaw and hit my my own car
871	3	I was hanging out with my friend playing pool chilling. Then suddenly his brother comes in to the room. I just ignore him most of the time. After a few games of pool, we just sit down and just look at our phones. I was scrolling through tik tok and then i went to the bathroom. Then i turn around to see the his little brother casually taking my phone and i just got so mad. I quickly take one of the cue stick and hit the guy right on the leg. And i hit him about 10 times.  When i go home, i started to feel real guilty. When i hit him he told me that: "Stop hitting me, that makes me tickle" Somehow that made me so mad, i hit him even harder.  At home, i never felt like an asshole than ever before. I use to think that ill never hit my kids when I grew up. If I already hit my friend brother how can I even treat my children correctly in the future. Im starting to seek therapy now.
782	2	Saw another post that reminded me of this situation.  A few years ago, my close childhood friend gave birth to triplets. Her husband is a light black man. Of the three, two were the same skin tone as her husband, and the third was much darker. The skin tones made me a little suspicious that her husband might not be the father.  I pulled her aside privately and asked her seriously if her husband was the father. She didn’t even listen or answer rationally, she just freaked out at me and acted super insulted and kicked me out. I reached out to her husband and told him about her reaction and told him he should get a paternity test and he called me an asshole and blocked me. Neither has spoken to me since.  I’ve always thought that they dramatically over reacted and were probably hiding something because of their responses, but they’re still married and sometimes I feel bad about what happened. I just felt a lot of empathy for her husband because I would be devastated if I wasn’t confident that I was the father of my future children. Was I an asshole for asking privately?
540	1	Originally I started getting pineapple on pizza so I would be garunteed at least half a pizza to myself when my friends were hanging out. It started off selfish but its become my favorite pizza genuinely now
653	3	I've been indoor rock climbing for the better part of 20 years, and have always been a major believer in safety first.  Apparently, however, I had one of the biggest brain farts of my life today. I was climbing as usual, and just had gotten to the top of an easy 5.9 when I pushed off and sat back expecting the autobelay system to kick in and catch me. Except it didn't.   I hadn't even hooked myself up to the system and promptly fell 30ft on to the floor below. I landed on my left leg and promptly snapped my tibia and fibula. Me being now a former member of the never broke a bone club, was a extremely surprised to see not only my leg bent at a weird angle but bone sticking out through the skin.  Thankfully the gym was around the corner from the local hospital and they got me secured and operated on within a few hours.  Now comes the hard part of months of physio and time off work. Thank God for Canadian health care and excellent work benefits!  TLDR; Fell 30ft while climbing and shattered my left leg.
52	3	Obviously a throwaway.   To put things into perspective, I (M 20) and my GF (F 21) had been dating/together for four and a bit years. Typical high school sweethearts, we wanted to move away and start our own lives after college.   We decide to spice things up a bit and “open” up our relationship a little. It was pretty much a join decision but looking back she was kind of insistent on the whole “sex is fun” idea.  She is on a night out with some friends when she phones me and asks if the whole open relationship thing is still cool, explaining she’s met a guy (M 24) and asks for me to pay for a hotel because she wasn’t working at the time. I agreed. I tell her to go for it, and she does. She texts me to say she had a good night and that all was well.  The week after, she mentions she’s meeting up with this guy again. Wasn’t expecting it but I’m cool with it. Again, asks for me to pay for her hotel. A decision I would live to regret. She doesn’t text me the entire night. Weird, but okay maybe she’s just having a good time?  The next day I receive a load of messages about how she needs a “break” from “everything” right now. Meeting this guy has apparently opened her eyes. A little more conversation and we’re over. She’s completely cut me out of her life. I check her snap chat story, and of course, she’s with him. I’ve heard from her friends that they’re dating now.   TLDR; Agreed to an open relationship, basically paid for my girlfriend to find someone better and dump me.
322	2	I very recently started a relationship with a guy so I'm being extra careful when it comes to conversations with guy friends and guys in general. Yesterday this guy, let's call him Jon, messaged me. We almost dated in highschool and it seemed as if he was just trying to catch up. You know, the whole "How's everything been? Haven't talked to you in a while, what have you been doing since highschool?" Kind of thing. I feel I should note this guy has a girlfriend as well. Now, randomly he asked for my phone number. Which for most people I'd be okay with, but I have somewhat of a past with him and it just didn't feel right either, so I didn't respond. A little while later he says something on the lines of, "c'mon baby, I haven't been able to get you out of my mind" and says that I'm still just as cute now as I was then. A few hours go by and I'm texting my boyfriend and my best friend, we'll call him Chase, about this guy. Chase then says that he wants to mess with Jon and "teach him a lesson about cheating" and to give him Chase's number as if it were mine. Not even 4 hours later Jon admits to having a girlfriend and says not to worry about her and starts initiating sexual talk and then sends a few pictures. Am I the asshole (Chase included) for essentially egging on this cheating behavior and potentially ruining a relationship?  Edit- added a few small details.
131	2	Not sure why, I just imagine a person crying over negative karma so I want to confort them.  I up vote whether I agree with the comment or not.
955	2	Our school district is weird. It usually has prom right before Thanksgiving.    My daughter has been recently shown to physically and verbally bully other children. This was definitely not self-defense. I am truly astonished. I never knew how I could fail at being a parent, until now. It really hurts me, when I saw all the footage of her abusing and assaulting people. I know my punishment might be harsh, but she’s grounded from for 3 months. She did apologize to the people that she hurt, but it was coming from a teenager, and it was objectively not sincere. She is currently a junior in HS, and by grounding her, she will miss prom. I’m a firm believer of not changing or being lenient on punishments for “good behavior”. Her phone is going to be monitored for the next 3 months, and she is not going to be able to go out other than for cheerleading and academics. Again, I know I’m being harsh, but I think I’m being fair.    AITB?
269	1	I used to live next to this really cool house that had been abandoned and foreclosed on.  I barely knew the people who used to live there, but I did know they'd left in a hurry and only took what they absolutely needed.  This was during the real estate crash and the bank had bigger fish to fry so they padlocked the doors and sat on the house for years.  Well I have to admit, my curiosity got the best of me.  It's not like I'm a criminal.  I've never even shoplifted or tried to lie my way out of a speeding ticket ... but the house was there, empty of humans, and full of nice things, and I had free reign of the connecting back yard and could come and go as I please without anyone ever knowing.  One day I took an old pair of bolt cutters and broke into the basement bulkhead, and my friend and I combed all through the house and took all kinds of stuff.  I got clothing, sports gear and kids' toys, decorations, tools ... I'll even admit to pantry items.  Those were lean times for my family as well.  Anyway, once we were done I closed the house back up again, but since the padlock was now broken, someone else ended up breaking in later and they weren't so good about closing back up again when they left.  The basement bulkhead was left standing open during winter and the pipes froze and burst, flooded the basement and first floor.  The bank eventually came around and found the situation.  They shut off the water and padlocked the doors again.  I never went back in and eventually the house sold at auction.  I still have some of the things I took from that house.
734	3	Stuck in a relationship with a man I hated for 12 years because he was the first man to show interest in me.  Broke up with him when a coworker started flirting with me but he didn’t want nothing and when it came down to a real relationship he ran.   Now I’m with an alcoholic with a warrant, a child he has no part of, and a history of cheating on me.but I know If we break up he will turn back to drugs etc.  my being there is all he’s got holding him up.  I hate him.  His attitude, smell, and appearance all make me gag.
279	2	I faked playing clarinet in band and marching band for two years. Literally didn’t play a sound, just got good at faking puffs into the clarinet while moving my fingers randomly. During tests I squeaked thru and the teacher always gave me A’s because he thought I had stage fright during the tests and felt bad for me, but he was super hard on everyone else. It made me feel guilty, but I loved being ‘in’ band annnndd going on the trips...
613	2	The first time I smoked it was this very strong thing called Dokha, which is this kind of strong Arabian tobacco you can get nowadays and smoke out of a pipe. I'd do that maybe twice a week with some friends, just sharing the pipe around. I was 13. The next thing I smoked was a disposable vape, and I'd smoke this maybe 7 times a day every week. It was 5% nicotine juice, and I just kept doing it. I tried cigarettes, but it was disgusting and I never did that again. But I kept vaping, up until yesterday, in which the school cracked down very severely. Me and close to 100 people were caught. My parents were of course told and naturally got quite pissed at me. I threw away my vape so they wouldn't catch me any further.   Today, I've had terrible headaches, cravings, and I really just want a smoke. The worst thing is that as much as I tell myself I won't smoke again, I know I will.
477	1	Here’s how it happened. Every time I see my grandma, she tells me something to the effect of “take that thing out of your nose, you’re ruining a pretty face by putting a hoop in it like a bull.” The last time she said it to me I politely asked her to leave it alone or next time I wouldn’t be so polite. To be fair this is the first time I spoke up because I’m not confrontational but the older I get the more I stand up for myself. And for that matter, I shouldn’t even be asking my grandmother to stop making rude comments about my appearance.   Fast forward to today at a family get together, she says the same thing. I immediately shot back that maybe she should stop dying her hair red and perming it because she looks like Ronald McDonald. A lot of people are pretty pissed off at me but A) I warned her and asked her to stop and B) she’s insulting my appearance so why is what I said any worse than what she has said to me a million times? I’m usually all about respect and politeness but my nose ring (in my nostril not my septum by the way so the bull comment doesn’t even make sense) does not “ruin” my face and even if it does it’s really not her place. I’m a grown ass woman and I refuse to be bullied by any even older grown ass woman.   So, was I the asshole?
197	1	At a party in high school i found a bottle of vitamin C pills in the bathroom and decided to tell other drunk kids that it was ecstasy and sold it to them for $20 a pill. I ended up leaving with about $200.
179	3	I used to do this, I am terribly ashamed. At my primary school I can remember doing this to peoples fizzy drinks aswell.
327	1	My boyfriend wants to have a female coworker stay at his house for 2 weeks so that they can do a 2 week vegan diet together. He says it's important for the moral support, and also so he can show her how to prepare meals (to be fair, he is an amazing cook.)  We have been together for a couple of months and we are exclusive. I trust him, but I don't know if I trust her.  She has a boyfriend, but he has ditched me before to go pick her up because she was feeling depressed/suicidal and then she spent the night at his house (sleeping on the couch.) I told him when that happened how uncomfortable and upset it made me.  We talked about the 2 week vegan thing and I talked him down to only having her over for 4 days. But it still upsets me and I feel like it's totally unnecessary.  If he had a party and she was too drunk to drive home and had to stay over I could understand. But why does she need to stay for multiple nights for a diet? He can teach her a few vegan recipes in one evening.  He doesn't understand why it's weird or unacceptable.  Even if he was having a guy over for multiple nights because of a diet I feel like that would be a sketchy reason. Reddit, AITA or is something else going on here?
202	2	Pretty much just the title. 5 or 6 years ago my wife and I went to see a band we used to love. After 20 minutes or so of waiting for the merch guy to come man his booth, I had the bright (and very drunken) idea to pretend to man the booth myself. It really started as a funny gag just to make her laugh. Almost immediately people came up to buy stuff. I turned them all away, which made them very confused. However, my wife did pretend to be a customer and I "sold" her two shirts, which really we just stole.  In my defense, I never took anyones money (I told them I was waiting to get the Square reader from the bands frontman) and we did originally intend to pay for the shirts, their merch guy just never showed up. I remember it once or twice a year and am overwhelmed by guilt... for like a minute.
641	3	Just got back from a short but very awkward, disappointing, and extremely embarrassing meeting with what was going to be my trainer for one of the biggest insurance companies in the world. I was so looking forward to helping families with their finances and was more excited to make a lot of money at the same time. I can finally get out of this dinky apartment and live a life I wanted all these years.   I gave him the incomplete questionnaire and he turns it over only to see blank.   I was asked to leave immediately.   This should not have happened. I know I have a good head on my shoulders, never committed a crime, I'm inspired to work hard, and I'm willing to lay down all of my time to work at a company I want to work for. Only to be shot down for this stupid, stupid, mistake... I'm disappointed in myself and I should be.   Well... I'm back to the drawing board. I hit a wall but I gotta keep building momentum for the next opportunity I get.  This... won't happen again.   ' TL;DR   I forgot to finish the backside of my work assignment and did not get hired.
402	3	I wanted to enjoy some sunshine on the balcony. It was hot outside, so in an effort to keep the apartment cool, I keep all the windows and doors closed. So, I closed the balcony door behind me. I should have brought the cat with me. It crossed my mind that she likes to open doors. But she never tries to open the balcony door. I should be fine.   It was not fine. My cat wanted to join me and did try jumping at the door handle to open the door. In doing so, she also jumped on the window fastener on the door. Effectively making it impossible for me to open the door from the outside.   Luckily, I had my phone and was rescued by my friend in about 2 hours, so it wasn't that bad. Still, I got locked out by a cat...  Link to a picture of the window fastener locking me out: https://images.app.goo.gl/HJhJoKvnb9REFFkJ6  TL;DR: cat jumped at door handle to open door, instead closing a window fastener, making it impossible to open from the outside and locking me out.
961	2	My sister and BIL have dumped my nephew in my room all the time they've came over our parent's house (where I live), quite a lot of the times I don't even know that he's there - I use headphones and they don't tell me or grab my attention. They just leave my nephew.  One time when they came over last year in May, my sister left him again and I told her to stop it because I can't babysit him if I'm not aware, and she told me I'm a bitch that I was complaining. I told her to not call me that, and she came up aggressively and coming closer to me with nephew - admittedly I did yell at her to get away, and then a few seconds later she started crying and flipped her shit. She fled the house with BIL and they both insisted to our parents that I was going to assault sister whilst she was holding nephew.  They went home immediately, my parents followed them, they told our parents to GTFO and that was it.   During corona-virus lockdown in the UK, my parents suggested that because she has a risk of having COVID since she has health problems, that I should be the one to consider getting together with her. I've already told both parents that I'm not planning on ever forgiving her as throughout my whole life she's intimidated me &amp; bullied me.  Now my parents got a text from sis saying they think they all have corona. I asked if nephew was OK but not them. They asked me once again to consider and I said no.  AITB for not wanting to be friendly around them? My parents were hoping me to get friendly with sis/bil because of their health, but I think having bad health doesn't ignore the attitude towards me.  &amp;#x200B;  Thanks
292	2	Typically my husband asks me what I want for Xmas but then gets me something completely opposite of anything I actually want. I like the gifts that he's gotten me and I'm not ungrateful but I just always tend to feel like there's no thought behind them.  This year he's been talking about how nice it would be for us to have another ps4 so he could always have someone to play his games with. Especially Diablo 2 which he just got and has been complaining that he can't seem to find anyone to play with him. And I realize that he is probably planning on getting me on for Xmas.   It's not that I'd be ungrateful that he got me a ps4 for Xmas cuz I could watch shows through it instead of the laptop, but I don't care about watch shows on the laptop. I've asked for money or tattoo gift cards cuz I've had a couple designs I've been wanting for a few years now.   I feel like a jerk cuz he looked really disappointed when I told him that I hope he isn't planning on getting me a ps4 for Xmas cuz I don't really want it.
758	2	My gf wants to host a game night, but one of her friends has a newborn(4weeks old). The parents want everyone to have their flu shots before they bring the kid over. Maybe it's because I(30yr M) grew up before flu shots were a thing, but I don't feel that I should be required to have a shot to hang out with them. If they are worried about their kid they should get a sitter and leave him at home.   My gf got pissed and said I was being unreasonable because the flu shot was inexpensive and you can easily get them at a CVS. I am all about vaccinations, but I am not a fan of being told I need to do something for someone else's peace of mind.
649	1	So last night, I was walking outside to do some yard work, and I found these toads. They were a little smaller than my palm, and seemed kinda chill. At first, I only found two toads, and I didn’t know what type they were. I went and stacked them on top of each other, and they didn’t really react, they just stayed on top of each other.  I found another toad later on, and put him on top of the other two. This didn’t cause any reaction either, and now I had 3 toads stacked together. It was looking pretty cool, just 3 toads on top of each other. I found another toad in our tool shed, and it was slightly different than the others as it was a little darker, but it acted pretty similarly to the rest. I picked it up, and I think you can guess what I did with it...   I went inside and told my wife to come out. She didn’t know what it was for, but when she saw what it was... she was pissed off! She was like “Those frogs are probably scared to death!” and was acting like I just killed them and left the corpses there.  She is still upset at me, and the frogs were gone this morning. Would you say I am in the wrong?
453	2	With the exception of the 15 mins I got to actually marry my husband, today has been a fucking disaster from start to finish and I hated every minute of it. If I could go back and do it over, i wouldn't. I'd take my husband and 2 best friends as witnesses and do the whole thing in a pair of jeans at the courthouse. Fuck weddings.  EDIT: So, after having had some sleep and speaking to my family who said they had a really great time amd assured me that nothing was obviously wrong from a guests perspective, Im feeling a LOT better. I meant it when i said the best part of my day was marrying my husband. That 15 minutes was wonderful and nothing can tarnish it.
80	2	 My best friend Jake's wife died about a month ago in a car crash and he's handling it terribly. He's a complete mess and while we all try to be there for him, he's become very depressed and spends his time either drinking or sleeping. They had a little girl who's 3 years old and while he's not neglecting her I can tell he's barely holding himself together as it is.    A few days ago, Jake told me he can't stand being in his house anymore because it makes him remember his wife but that he'd force himself to take a few sleeping pills to sleep. Cut to yesterday at 1 AM, my wife and I were waken up by someone banging at our door. I open to see Jake and his daughter at my door and he asks if he can sleep here for the night because he can't handle being in his house anymore. I tell him she can stay but he can't because he has to get over it eventually. He gives me the dirtiest glare I've ever seen and leaves without saying anything.     Today I found out that Jake went back to his house, put his daughter to sleep, then went and slept on the streets. When my wife found out she called me a massive asshole but I don't think I was. My intention wasn't to kick him out to the streets, it was to help him get over his wife's death. AITA?
456	1	I’m(22M) a legal guardian of my 15 year old brother. We’re very close and we have always been like that. He lives with me now obviously. He often gets really sad, we recently lost our parents, so I comfort him as best as I can.   So, about my girlfriend, we have been together for 2 years. She doesn’t live with me, she stays over really often tho, so she has the house keys.  2 days ago, she came over without warning me. Me and my brother were asleep on couch, he wasn’t wearing a shirt because it was hot, and he was laying on top of me. She woke us up and made a scene in front of him. She said that our relationship was weird and disgusting and it’s extremely concerning that he’s so affectionate towards me. My brother was in tears and he even apologized to her. I brought him to his room and calmed him down.   I went back to living room, she was sitting on couch, watching tv and acting like nothing happened. I told her to get the fuck out. She got defensive again and said that she was just stating her opinion without hurting anyone. I grabbed her wrist and brought her to door. I didn’t hurt her, she was following me, I didn’t use any force. She left, she called me few times but I didn’t answer.
194	3	A while ago (during August I think), I ate an entire bag of hot Cheetos. I am very white and never eat anything spicy, so it was a traumatic experience back then, but I thought I could handle it pretty alright. I later woke up at 2 am with the shits, and so I ran to my bathroom. Once I was done I realized my ass was burning kind of bad, but I didn't think much of it. I sat there for a minute on my phone and realized the pain only got worse, so I get up to flush when the toilet is RED. ALL RED. This only puts me into a panic, and the pain was so bad that I said fuck it, ran downstairs half naked, poured a shot glass of milk, ran back upstairs, and poured it into my ass. I can't look at a bag of hot Cheetos again without thinking about that cursed night.
886	2	When I was in my last year of high school, my brother was in his first. I'm in the UK so I was 16 at this point and he was 11. There was this kid who would relentlessly bully my brother, and I mean relentlessly. My brother would be in tears nearly every day because of some shit this fucking kid had done to him. He had tried telling teachers about it but nothing was ever done.   One day my brother came home from school even more upset than usual, he was covered in bruises and told me this kid and a group of his friends had got him on the floor, surrounded him, and all started kicking him repeatedly.   So the next day in school I see this kid between classes and I am pissed. I go over to him and in front of all his friends I grab him and pin him up against a wall and say something like:  "I swear to God if you fucking touch my brother again I will beat the shit out of you in front of all your friends"   By this point the kid is in tears and saying he doesn't know what I'm talking about. Turns out he had an identical twin, and he was the one bullying my brother. I didn't believe him until he showed me his ID with his name on it. I didn't really know what to do so I just said "well tell him to stop bullying my brother" and walked away.  Needless to say I felt bad about it, but he obviously told his twin what happened as he stopped bullying my brother after that.
659	3	For context I'm a grown ass man, I was helping my cousin out over the weekend to sand and oil his newly built deck when we got talking about me not being able to find a damn ps5 in stock. I told him I was pissed that scalpers were buying them up and flipping them for twice their msrp and just bitching like a bitch in general, when he tells me his nephew just got a ps5 for free, I was like what? Little ray ray? That little fucker got a ps5 for free? He doesn't even play his ps4 pro you guys got him for his birthday 3 months ago! that little dude is a mobile gamer. I ask my cousin how the hell he got a ps5 for free, my cousin was like "cancer"......FUUUCCCKKK......I totally forgot that kid had cancer, my cousin was like yeah dude make a wish hit him up and asked him if he wanted a ps5, he said sure. Now before the devil comes and takes me to hell, the kid is in remission, he's a little fighter from what I know and is overall a good kid. I don't hang out with little ray ray much but damn did I feel like a giant asshole after I got home.  TL;DR called my cousins cancer stricken nephew a fucker for getting a ps5 for free from make a wish foundation
536	1	Dad bought himself a metal detector because we've been going to the beach quite alot, and he wanted to see what he could find.  Well one day he set his detector up, walked to the beach and went on his way to bag himself some gnarly trinkets. He'd been doing it for about 20 minutes at this point and nothing came of it but we were nearing the end of that section of beach. He looked more and more disappointed with every step he took, so i walked ahead and discreetly placed £7 worth of coinage in the sand, on his path, but a metre away from eachother (so about £2 in each hole kinda thing) . He found it and had the cutest, most smug smile ever and was screeching with excitement with every find. We eventually got home and he showed the family what he'd found and mum was actually quite surprised.   Although dad has a good job and £7 is a laughable amount to him, the pure joy he got from finding SOMETHING, is definitely worth not telling anyone what really happened that day.
64	1	Long story short I got a call from my gyno, there is a chance I have cervical cancer so I'm getting a biopsy.  The soonest I can do it is a month from now, and I don't want to worry my family so I'm sitting on this alone. That said, I did decide to tell my friend after a few drinks at my place.  I expressed that while I'm confident I don't have cancer, the very idea I need to go through this terrifies me.  He sat there in silence and finally cut me off to go 'this is boring. I don't care.'  For a moment I sat in silence.  He's told me in the past I need to make more money if I want a boyfriend (I make 45K a year, decent, not fantastic), that I'll never be a spartan since I'm over 30, that the only reason I have so many male friends is because they want to fuck me, etc.  This was one cruel comment too far.  I flipped the fuck out and told him to leave my place.  It's been 24 hours and honestly fuck him.  I was there when his grandfather committed suicide, I would listen to him worry about balding, his issues with his roommate, his brother, etc.  I'm constantly there for him and he can't listen to me worry about a biopsy.  Fuck you dude.  This is why you don't have any friends and I'm tired of constantly defending you. [No Regrets]
44	1	So long story short I'm not very good at gardening. To be honest I forgot I even had a garden. I didn't water the trees at my rental once in two years. This was in Perth Western Australia. It does rain and winter but that's on July 18th between 1 and 6pm. I didn't even have a hose if I did remember to water them. Anyway, I'm on the phone with the leasing agent  discussing the final inspection and she mentioned the garden. Que me thinking 'Oh Shit, the garden!' All the 12 trees in the garden were the same about 5 ft high but all dead. They looked exactly like they  used to look only instead of being green they were brown. Like this:  https://i.imgur.com/B5naP0X.jpg  I needed that security deposit back so I headed down to the hardware and got some green spraycans. It's not stupid as it works right. Got my $1700 back.
305	3	About 3 months ago I lent my friend a bike to get home from my house. He brought it to our high school and left it there over Winter Break. Another friend told him he shouldn't leave it there because it would get stolen, and low and behold someone cut the lock and stole the bike. I thought the bike was at his house until he told me about 3 weeks after it happened. I told him he should pay me back for it (which I thought was reasonable). I bought the bike used for $400. I beat it up a bit but if I bought $15 in parts I could easily sell it for $175. This was later confirmed by 2 friends who know a lot about bikes. Knowing that he wouldn't want to pay me that much and that it might be tough for him to pay  it back, I told him it was ok if he paid me $100. His family is rlatively poor for my area (which is still fairly wealthy) but not so poor that he can't pull together $100 in 2 months. I want to ask him to pay me back but I feel like a dick every time I ask, so am I the asshole for wanting him to pay me back for my bike?
854	2	One time when i was younger (7 years ago to be exact) we had one of those rotisserie chickens from woolworths in our fridge.  My brother stole my (expensive at the time) laptop, and smashed it. Now we always fought like most siblings do.   The laptop was a little bit far, and this time, instead of going ape shit like i normally would, i played the long game.   I was planning what i was going to do. (Planning = sitting around playing video games till i thought of something out of the blue).   I went to get food and saw the chicken in the fridge, thats where i got the idea.  20 minutes later it was in a carboard box, (one that was already in his closet), getting nice and aquinted with its new home.  It took him 3 weeks to find out what the god awful smell was.  Why i am making a confession is, TBH this doesnt sound like something id do, id normally just get pissed and have a more... direct approach. SO Inherently, my little sister was blamed for the stunt, hence the confession here.
841	3	I am honestly heartbroken right now.  I (24F) am a breast cancer survivor. I have had my left breast removed and there's just a scar there now.   When I go out I wear a silicon padding on my left breast otherwise it looks very odd and makes me self conscious.   My boyfriend (23M) and I have been in a long distance relationship for the past 3 years. We had met a couple of times but we just enjoyed each other's company. He knows i am a cancer survivor but doesn't know about my breast.  I decided to move in with him about a month ago and we tried to have sex.   I said tried because the moment he laid eyes on my breast his face went white and he refused to touch me further. He said I had cheated him and that I should have told him earlier about my breast.  I told him that I didn't think it was important since he said he loves all of me and that he thought I was beautiful. I am honestly so conflicted right now and I feel like a horrible person.  AITA for not telling my boyfriend that I don't have breast?  Edit: Had a talk with him. He says he can't be with me anymore, he didn't know I was lacking a breast because I looked fine in my pictures. Thank you for your help everyone   Edit: To those who think this post is fake, would you like to see my scar? Please be more sensitive before making claims
360	1	I am getting married in a few weeks and have my bridal party primed and ready, but had a huge disagreement with one of them yesterday.   Her name is Tara, and she is stunning. She's legit the prettiest out of our entire group. Absolutely gorgeous. However, there is one issue. Tara has terrible vision. She needs very strong glasses and even with them on her eyesight is bad. She gets the lenses thinned down as much as possible and even then they are so thick you can't see her eyes behind them. Her eyes can't tolerate contacts.  In our ''bridal meeting'' yesterday, I asked if it was possible for Tara to take off her glasses during the main photos. I wasn't saying this to be cruel. I'd never ask her to take them off during the wedding party and walk around blind, but I'm just asking her to take them off during photos. Without those glasses she's absolutely breathtakingly beautiful, way more than me, but with them on her eyes look weird and distorted and would take all the attention away in the photos for all the wrong reasons.  I brought this up with her but she got really huffy and sulky, told me to try on her glasses so I could see what she would be seeing during the photos if she took them off. I did and it was horrible, but I could stomach it for a few minutes to help out a friend and think she's being really unreasonable. She left early and the rest of the bridal party got at me for asking something so ''horrible''. I don't think it's an unreasonable thing to ask. I'm doing her a favour. Without the glasses she'll easily be the hottest bridesmaid so I would have thought she'd be OK with it.
85	1	I formerly worked as a receptionist in a hotel that was part of a huge hotel chain. We had departmental targets that we had to reach each day which included signing up guests who were checking in for our loyalty programme. Basically if you were part of the programme you would earn points every time you stayed at a hotel in the chain and then be able to spend these points on benefits like discounts in the restaurants and free stays. Sounds like a good deal but the downside is the constant barrage of spam emails from the hotel.   To incentivise the receptionists to convince guests to sign up for the programme, we would also earn some of these points that we could spend on the same benefits if we signed up a guest during a check-in. Persuading people to sign up for the programme was a lot harder than you might think so to create a win/win situation for myself I would take their email address from their check-in form and sign them up for the programme without their knowledge, earn points and also meet the departmental goals. This was a major no-no from a company policy point of view but kind of encouraged by my managers. Eventually I started to un-tick the box on their loyalty programme resignation that would turn off the marketing spam emails but I'm afraid a lot of people are probably still receiving those annoying marketing emails today.   Eventually after 2 years I had signed up around 3000 people and earned a lot of points using my devious methods and was able to stay in some very nice hotels.   Edit: I did this in Europe before GDPR came along.  TLDR - I signed up guests for a loyalty programme they didn't know about and I earned enough points to stay in hotels for free
930	1	So this isn’t exactly what you’d call “exiting “ but I’ve recently been calling people out and physically pushing them away when they touch me ima way I’m not comfortable with. Today, a girl I just met tried to touch my thigh bc she “wanted to see how strong was” so I pushed her hand away. It might not seem like a huge deal but in the past I’ve had an issue with letting people walk all over me and it’s not happening anymore.
283	2	For starters, I’m a 26 year old woman, my husband is 25. We also have a 2 year old son. We both work full time and make good money, he brings in more than I do, but I think that’s besides the point. We also have a joint account. So fast forward to the game, apparently he decided to take it upon himself to take him and 3 buddies to a game with a party bus, great seats, etc and all the other shenanigans with a sports event. He makes a lot more than his buddies and he wanted to “have a good time with them”. When I checked the account, he spent over 4 thousand dollars! My jaw dropped when I saw it. I confronted him about it the day after and he told me that “he’s able to because he makes good money and it’s not gonna break our bank”, he then went on to say to me that I don’t get to choose what he spends his money on. I was super pissed and was like “it’s OUR money” and we’ve got bills and a child to care for and support. He continued to tell me that I was the one in the wrong and that he’s a responsible adult who doesn’t need to have his purchases “monitored by his wife”. So my question is AITA?
811	1	I used to have this job where you sit around in a little building that controls the gates on a parking lot. It had a window for people to come ask questions if they were lost etc. I was usually alone in here, and I used to bring my laptop with speakers and just watch youtube all day, blast music. Walk around the lot, do nothing. Sometimes I drank beers. Best job I ever had.   Anyway, the parking costs 10 euros on this lot, whether you parked for 5 minutes or 5 hours. Which was ridiculous (my justification right here). Sometimes people would come up to my window and ask where they could pay and how much it is. If no colleagues or supervisors were around I would tell them "you can pay 10 euros in the machine over there or give me 5 euro and I'll open the gate for you". Of course everyone went with the latter.  I didn't do this with everyone, usually only with foreigners or people who appeared lost to make sure no one found out. I think my best on a single day was about 100 to 125 euros. Which is a really nice bonus for a minimum wage job. Unfortunately I wasn't always alone so couldn't do it very often.  I blew most of the money on beers and other nonsense but I do remember buying 300 euro Nike Air Jordans that I loved and wore for years. Never got caught. Thanks parking lot.
922	1	I manage a retail store that sells vapes and glass pipe accessories. We are open every day until 10 pm and I often work open to close several days in a row. After spending twelve hours at work 9:55 rolls around and I begin getting some things ready for closing up. Almost inevitably without fail someone will call at 9:58-59 and tell me they are on the way (often being anywhere from 10-30 minutes away) and that they need me to stay open so they can purchase something like a new vape juice or a pack of rolling papers. Regardless, if we are one minute from closing and someone expects me to wait up when they’ve had a window of 12 hours to come in, I will lie and tell them that my POS system closes down automatically at 10pm, so if they can be there before 10 pm sharp I can do it but otherwise they should come back tomorrow.    Am I the asshole?
153	2	My boyfriend (19) and I (17) have been in a long distance relationship for almost a year. I love him and vice versa but he isn’t very verbally affectionate whereas I am and consider that important. I try to accept that he will never value that the same way I do but I have vocalised to him that pet names are important to me as they are one of the verbal forms of affection that he doesn’t mind. This wasn’t an issue previously but for the last month or so he has called me nothing but “fam”. No “baby”, no “sweetheart”. Just “fam”. I don’t mind this if we’re just messing around but it bothers me that it’s now the *only* thing he calls me. It makes me feel more like a mate then a girlfriend sometimes. AITA??
160	1	I am the manager at a luxury leather goods store. Recently a young guy came in carrying a baby. He was looking around for a while - maybe 25 minutes - and when he was about to leave he noticed the baby had grabbed a keychain and been sucking/chewing on it. Because the keychains are at the front of the store and he moved to the back and then back up, the baby was definitely sucking it for a while.  There was no obvious damage but the leather was bent and had been soaked through. I said he had to pay for the item. He was very apologetic and asking whether it was necessary - there were no scratches, marks on the leather - but I wouldn't have been able to sell it to anyone else after that.  It is an expensive keychain and he was definitely upset/angry as he was leaving. But we couldn't put it back on display. AITA?
966	1	This evening my husband (40M) came home from work and he didn’t look right. I asked if he was feeling okay and he said he was fine.   After dinner he went and took a shower and said he wasn’t feeling good. I told him that he needed to go to bed and stay away from the rest of the house. He works outside of the house and me (39F) and our son (15M) work and go to school from home.   He threw a fit and said he just wanted to lay on the couch. I yelled at him and told him he was an inconsiderate jerk. That with the pandemic spiking he could possibly be infected and instead of isolating he is risking spreading it through the house.   I went upstairs to the bedroom and told him to sleep in the guest room.   He sent me a nasty text message telling me I’m paranoid and overreacting. I haven’t responded back because I have nothing nice to say.   So AITB for calling him an inconsiderate jerk?
386	3	Obligatory this didn't happen today but two days ago. I just finished taking a shower and my husband and I did what we call a hot swap (He got in as I got out). When I stepped out of the shower and grabbed my towel I knocked my husband's wash cloth off of the bar. Being the good wife that I am, I reached down to retrieve the cloth. Now, I should mention that my husband and I just moved to Massachusetts from Florida. We are not very experienced with cold weather or the heating methods employed in the Northeast. I thought nothing of it as I bent down to pick up his wash cloth. That's when things went bad. After a moment I felt a weird sensation. I slowly stood up as I started to process my mistake. When I bent at the waist my ass made contact with an active and uncovered stream radiator. Unfortunately it took enough time that when I pulled away the damage was done and the skin remained. Thankfully, the radiator was decorative so the burn looks kind of cool, but oh boy did it hurt wicked bad.   TL:DR I bent over to pickup a washcloth and melted part of my butt on an extremely hot and active radiator.   [Proof] (https://imgur.com/75Thzpq)
82	1	This was this morning.  For about 2 weeks there has been a plan that some friends, my girlfriend and I would meet downtown today at 10:00am sharp to go out for my birthday. My girlfriend and I went to bed last night and set an alarm for 8:30. 10:00am sharp had been reiterated many times to all of us as we are in a group chat and hang out every day. I got up just before 8:30 and woke my girlfriend up with me. "Let's get up! I'm gonna go inside and shower!"(we live in a camper on someone's property and must use their shower.) My girlfriend to wake her up when I got back. I asked if she was sure and if that's enough time for her. She assured me it was enough time and I reluctantly said okay.  Unfortunately I suffer from IBS. Mornings aren't the best time for me and I spend a good amount of time on the toilet. After I had showered I came back to our camper and woke her up. She was difficult to motivate to say the least. It's pretty cold outside of our cozy, warm blankets. She went in and showered, I went out and got us coffee and a breakfast sandwich, came back and she was getting ready. I asked "still good for 10?" And I was met with a very frustrated attitude. She said it was my fault that I woke her up so late and that she didn't have enough time to get ready. I said "10:00am has been the plan the whole time. It shouldn't be my responsibility to wake you up and make sure you have enough time to get ready." I explained to her how I was having one of my usual IBS mornings and that I can't really help it, it's out of my control. She's still aggravated because she had to rush. Am I the asshole here?
189	2	I used to skip school all the time and after so many Saturday detentions they desided to give me in school suspention instead. Thats where you sit in one room the whole school day and pretty much do nothing.   I was craving a cigarette and was allowed a bathroom break. Smoked a cigarette and came back to the room. Another girl went after me and after that someone noticed the cigarette smell. She got blamed for it and got searched and they found a lighter in her purse. The girl didn't even smoke. She got suspended. They never thought to search or accuse me too. I guess being quiet pays off. She was a sweet girl though and yes I felt guilty. Still glad I didn't get caught
677	2	My grandma died last year and grandpa’s tken it hard. Now he used to be the dirty old man sort of guy, so I thought getting him Nekopara Vol. 0 (A visual novel about catgirls) for Christmas would be nice.  A few days ago, we met up at a wedding. I see my grandpa. He starts excitedly chatting with me about the game and I think, “I did a good thing” and tuned out the rambling.  I shouldn’t have. We go back to my grandpa’s place.  Grandpa: Here are the new decorations I have!  Mom: Dad, what is all this?  Grandpa: Stuff from the game your magnificent son gave me!  The whole apartment was littered with Nekopara figurines, posters, merch and etc. He had a body pillow in his bedroom. Now my family looks down on me for converting my grandpa into the weebiest of weebs.  I learned today through text he picked up Eromanga Sensei. God help his soul.  TL;DR: I gave my grandad a copy of Nekopara. He went ape-shit and bought merch. My family now hates me for converting him into a degenerate.
644	1	At a family dinner, my 22-year-old cousin had about eight drinks over three hours. After dessert, he announced he was leaving and grabbed his car keys. I told him he should stay at my parents' place. He kept insisting he was fine and we fought about it until ultimately my uncle intervened, said that if his son said he was fine then he was fine and pushed me away.  When my cousin left, I memorized his license plate number, called the cops, and told them that he was a drunk driver, complete with information about his usual route back to his school. They ended up pulling him over and he didn't pass a sobriety test. He now has a DUI on his record.   I was open about calling the cops; it was not an anonymous tip. I thought he was risking his life and the lives of others.  My family is furious with me because they think it was a short drive, he wasn't "that" drunk (he was twice the legal limit), I'm potentially messing up his life for a dumb mistake (he might get kicked out of his fraternity now in his senior year and his job offer after school is in jeopardy) and most importantly, that family doesn't do that to family. I think family doesn't get to break the law and put others in danger.  AITA?
746	3	So this happened a few days ago. I drive a shuttle bus for a hotel, I take passengers around the area if they want to go to a nearby restaurant or landmark and also to the airport.  I'm talking to a group of three people telling them what kinds of places I can drive them to, they decide they want to go eat. No problem.   Right as I'm about to drive away this fourth guy comes up and asks if I'm going to the airport. I tell him I'm taking these people to go eat but that I can drop him off right after. He says no problem and promptly goes all the way to the  back because he has some luggage and there is extra space back there.   So we get to the restaurant which is literally about 3 minutes away and I let the three people off. One  of those three wants to tip me a few bucks and I graciously accept but he is thanking me and rubbing my arm in a weird way as he hands me the 2 dollars.   So after they leave the shuttle I start singing a goofy song about the encounter. It went something like, "Oh Oh that guy was rubbing up on me, rubbing up on meeee Oh Oh."  Then I hear a cough from the back. I had completely forgotten about the airport dude and he just heard me sing this ridiculous song about some random guy rubbing my arm.   I'm mortified but I own up to it. I say wow, I've never been so embarrassed and he says, yeah...I was wondering what kind of song you were singing...I thought it might have been a real song I had never heard before. So we joke about it and he gave me a tip also, probably felt bad for me. Oh well, life goes on.   TL;DR Forgot I had a passenger in the bus and started singing to myself about an awkward encounter.
771	2	i am almost 17. we have a weird rule in my house that you must ask before you eat absolutely anything. to the point my mom padlocks the fridge. i think the rule is dumb, and as long as you aren't causing harm should be able to eat. This is to the point where i've been actually demonized and called a thief by my family which i feel is a great exaggeration. Not to mention my mother isn't always available. I've even been called the problem child over it. Anyways, i don't think it's that big a deal and never really have. Am i the asshole?
787	1	I have never wanted kids. I have made this clear to every person I have dated. When I married my now ex, she knew this. She was okay with it, or so I thought. 3 years in, she mentioned adoption and I shut it down, reminding her I never wanted kids and that children deserve a parent who wants them. She stayed with me for another 3 years and eventually filed for divorce 2 years ago. I wasn’t surprised because outside the kid thing, we had other issues.  We got married in our 40s, so by the time we divorced we were in our 50s. I moved out and didn’t see her for awhile after the final meeting. Then one night recently I decided to take advantage of my favorite restaurant having outdoor dining again. As I was eating, my ex approached me. We made small talk and eventually she said she was angry with me. This took me off guard. She told me that I “stole the best years of her life” and “because of you, I’ll never have kids”.  I laughed in her face. I said she knew going in I didn’t want kids and why should I bend on that? I said if she feels guilty for not having a baby, it’s on her not me. She got even more upset and left.  My brother thinks I could’ve handled it better and not laughed at her. I think she was being ridiculous but am willing to admit I might’ve been an asshole. So, was I?
438	1	My hearing in my left ear is slightly less sensitive than my right. I use this to get people to repeat themselves either to give me time to think, or to get them to slow down so I can get their accent sorted out (I'm an academic scientist). It is a great way to slow down stressful situations. It is a very useful tactic.
141	1	So when my husband and I got married, we both had our own cars. I have an old beater, but it runs, and he had a Pathfinder. We've been driving them ever since, and we both just kind of take care of them separately. I make sure my car is fine, he takes care of his.   But around Christmas this last year his totaled his car because he didn't change the oil or put any in in over six months! I had just assumed he had been taking care of it. Turns out he hadn't.   So I wanted a new car and he wanted to buy an engine and replace the engine in his car... his dad is a mechanic so he was convinced they could do it. We bought an engine, they "replaced" it... doesn't run. Great!  We go get a new car. It's a really nice one. I have never had a new car before. And just because he didn't have a car, he starts driving it! It's just his car now!   Fast forward to two months ago, he gets a speeding ticket - going 20 over.   Fast forward to one month ago, he takes an entire bumper off of a car.  Fast forward to last night, he backs in to a brand new car. It was honking the entire time.   AITA for wanting him to drive my small *almost* junker? I have never gotten a ticket or been in an accident and our insurance is through the roof! He keeps saying I'm being too hard on him and he's done talking about it, and I realize that everybody makes mistakes, but I feel like this is a big deal!
335	1	When I was 10 years old, I moved from Scotland to New Zealand and have been here for almost 11 years now. In these 11 years, I've somehow managed to fake an NZ accent to most of my friends and work colleagues.   The only time I speak in a Scottish accent, is when I'm around family. It can get pretty confusing if a mate is round, or lets say I meet a girl etc. I think the reason why I put on the accent was to fit in at school, because kids are cruel and would make fun of the native tongue, so I just kept it going all through high school up until now.  I've realised now at 21, how stupid it is that I had to fake an accent to fit into society. I think back now and wonder, what if I never faked my accent? Would life be different? Probably not.... but I just thought I'd share this with you all.   I've also been told Scottish accents pull the ladies, so I better start now before it's to late.   Cheers.
373	2	I drive over 200 miles a day for a job and pay I couldn't get in the town my wife and kids live. I've been doing this commute for a few years and it is starting to wear on me.  I really want my family to move to the town where my job is because there are amazing schools, a lot of better job opportunities for my wife, and it is much safer than our current town (very bad crime in all in our current town and we live in a bad neighborhood). My job is going very well and I have many promising promotion opportunities.    My wife doesn't want to move to new town until she has a job, but she had put in very little effort to do so. To be fair, besides her job,  a large portion of her time is devoted to taking care of the kids.  This would be something I could help with a lot if we moved.  Her current job is interesting to her,  but basically dead end, demanding,  and low paying for the amount of responsibility.   I'm really frustrated with the situation and fed up with her lack of effort. I used to try to encourage her to apply for jobs,  but I don't care anymore and imagine leaving her.  Am I being an asshole for wanting to leave? Do people want to leave over stuff like this?
313	3	I am in college and I decided to visit my Dad because I hadn't seen him in a while. We decided to get pizza and beer. Of course I got shitfaced because I don't drink all that much normally. So I decided to sit down at the table and chill for a while and there was an ikea catalog in a pile of junk mail. Whilst flipping though it I found a page of coupons. There was a picture of a person with their mouth open so I did what any classy drunk person would do. I drew a dick in their mouth. Of course one thing lead to another and there were cocks, tits, zombies and all sorts of horrific fuckery. The book had pages and pages of all kinds of weird shit. I put the book back like normal assuming my Dad would find it later and laugh at it.   Today I visited him again and asked if he'd noticed it yet. He told me that he gave it to the neighbor, one of the nicest old ladies I've ever met, because he doesn't shop at ikea.  TLDR - Gave my dad's neighbor a book of dicks.
287	3	I'm a 32 year old woman who can never go back to my new dentist after two visits because I'm an idiot.   My dentist is a very nice and professional man. Our first appointment was going pretty smoothly until he made some innocuous remark about us "being strangers." My immediate reply was "oh, you're not a stranger! You've been inside of my mouth for 20 minutes!" I did NOT intend to make a sexual joke. His face turned red and he was clearly embarrassed but he continued on like a true professional and we were probably both relieved when the appointment was over.   I had my second dentist appointment today. I actually mentally prepared myself to be a model patient who didn't say anything weird, thank you very much. He had been working in my mouth for about 5 minutes when he started to seem really uncomfortable or something. His face was red and he was breathing a little heavier. I was a bit concerned and also confused. Like how could I have embarrassed him this time? I had hardly spoken! So he keeps working in there and then I realize what the hell is happening. My dentist was wearing grape flavored gloves. I had been absentmindedly licking his fingers the whole time.   Never going back.  TL;DR  Today I fucked up by licking my dentist
777	2	Years ago I made a new email address and got two potential buyers for a playstation that I was pretending to sell. I confirmed a date and time with both of them. Decided on the mall near a certain store. I asked what they'd be wearing so I could find them. I gave them each other's description for myself, and then went and hung out.   One walked up to the other. You could tell there was an immediate confusion. They started arguing over who had what. You could see them get pissed once they realized what happened and wasted their time. They both stormed off on their phones. Sure enough, I got angry emails from both of them lol  I feel kind of bad about it, but it was a funny interaction to witness.
212	1	I'm a SAHD of 3 kids(1M, 2F, 5M)  I pack lunches for my wife and 5yo everyday. A few weeks ago, I noticed that my wife wasn't eating the lunches I pack for her. I tried changing up the dishes so she'd not feel bored. She still was being back her lunches uneaten. I then asked her why she wasn't eating the packed lunches. She said that her co-worker and she had found a really nice eatery near her work so she'd been eating there. So I stopped making lunches because it was a waste of food of she wasn't eating it.   Today, she tells me that I'm being childish by not packing her anything and that I should pack her lunches regardless of what she does with the food  AITA?
738	2	I know the title already sounds like i'm a major asshole, but there is a few more variables that need to be discussed before you make your decision.   Also, this is a throwaway acct for obvious reasons  So I meet a girl on Tinder named "Kim" and we exchange a few messages before deciding to meet up for coffee.  The date is going OK, although it was a bit boring, we grabbed our cup of starbucks (i paid) we chatted for a bit and decided to drive to a cool little outdoor park to go for a walk.   We drive around 30 mins to this park, listened to a bit of music on the way, still getting to know each other a bit and everything was going fine.   I parked, we got out of the car and walked a bit, still chatting, nothing deep, but the usual what you do for work, hobbies etc etc.  I had to take a leak, so I go to the bathroom and when I walked out, I noticed she was talking to a guy and he was being very flirty and when I walked up to them, he asked who I was and she responded: "oh he's just my friend hahaha" and he said he wanted to grab her number to go out for a drink sometime. She was all too happy to give him the number and they hug with a kiss on the cheek before he leaves.   At this point I was just over it. I wasn't that interested in her and if she's the type of person to show interest in another guy and exchange info in front of me I have no future with her.  I decided to make up some random excuse to get away from her and just got in my car and drove home. I didn't want to have to deal with her company for a 40 minute drive and was over it.   Oh well, I honestly feel like a bit of an asshole, but also feel it was just in a sense considering what happened....
728	1	Yesterday, I took a final exam for one of my courses (this is university btw) and I looked up to check the clock to see how much time I had left when I noticed the guy next to me had notecards underneath his test. Moments later, he poked his friend's back, who happened to be sitting in the seat in front of them, and leaned over their shoulder to see their test.  This exam was brutal and if they happened to do well then they could've messed up the curve for the entire class (which is only about 30 students). So I wrote a note on my test saying what was going on and asked my professor if I could go to the restroom. I gave her my test for safekeeping and pointed it out. She nodded and I went to the bathroom (I actually did have to go).  When I came back, she handed me my test where she had written that she'll take care of it. She was watching them for the rest of the class and eventually caught them in the act. She confiscated their tests and took them outside. They did not return.  Now some of my friends are telling me that I did the right thing because they were stupid for trying to cheat on a final in college while some of them are saying that it was wrong of me because school is difficult. Also cheating results in automatic failure in this class.  TLDR: Noticed two people were cheating, told the professor in a ninja manner, and possibly made them failed the class.
596	3	This happened a long ago i was in a playground with a lot of kids and there was a slide construction consisting of a metal floor and 4-5 slides  it was about 2m in height I was playing with a friend of mine up there (i was 5 at the time) When a stranger kid on the ground was making fun of me , calling me a coward and yellin : HIT ME! HIT ME! YOU COWARD!!! and then he started running So i grabbed a rock  A pretty big one (it was larger than my hand) And i yeeted it and it hit him right in the back of the head He started bleeding and ran off I spent the next 30 min hiding in one of the slides  ,then i was sure that his mom and her friend werent looking for me anymore Every time i think of it , i feel bad and guilty I often wonder where he is now edit:just so i make it clear , the rock was veeeery pointy, like a duller arrow head so idk maybe he got smthn more than a scratch
408	3	So early in my relationship I made my SO upset. Honestly I can't remember what I did since it was a few years ago. But truth be told even at the time I probably didn't know.  Anyway she was quite mad at me and I was getting annoyed so I thought why not say something that will get her to understand that its not a big deal so I said  "Chilll out, its not like I fucked your sister"  She stopped cold, and gave me that sad face look and she started balling. It was like the Niagara falls level of tears. I quickly embraced her and started rubbing her back.  I later learned that her Ex who was the first man she ever lived with, who they had brought a home together, woke up one morning. Said he was sick and called in sick. So she went to work, took an hour off work to go back home and bring her Ex some soup. She walked into her living room to see her sister fucking her ex.  When I said it, it reminded her. Apparently the break up was super messy and her sister who she was close too has been disowned by the family and is still dating her Ex  TL:DR Got into an argument with my SO told her to chill out its not like I fucked her sister. Apparently her ex did.
254	3	Title speaks for itself but yes I told my parents I graduated from College and it has been killing me inside that I don't have the guts to tell them I didn't as well. I am a failure as a eldest brother and First generation here in America. I had struggled 2nd year and completely dropped out and just worked during the times I told my parents I had school for. And this has gotten me into a series of depression and every time I think about it. It makes me tear up that I couldn't do what they sacrificed so much and invested into their own son. I really don't know what to do now and this has been on my mind all the time.
776	3	I’ve thought about this for years and always felt such a deep remorse for what happened..especially growing into adulthood..  When I was in 3rd grade there was a kid in my class who definitely had some issues. Maybe Autism or something else but he wasn’t 100% on his social interactions. He was friendly and gentle and reserved.   One day he spit on another student who had made him mad who was bullying him. The student told the teacher and the teacher wanted to teach him a lesson.   She got all the students in the class (there were 15 or so of us) to stand in a circle with him in the middle and spit on him. There were like 3 of us (me included) who opted out/refused. I remember seeing him cower down in the circle as all of his classmates continuously spit on him and laughed while our teacher instigated.    My parents raised me to raise my voice to anyone getting bullied and to never tolerate unkind behavior. Even though I didn’t participate I never told my parents or any other teachers what happened...I don’t think anyone did including the boy because she continued to be our teacher for the remainder of the year.   I still feel such a heaviness on my soul that that happened and little me didn’t do anything about it.
123	2	[no regrets]   He thought I was asleep in the bedroom. I was unable to relax or sleep for a few hours. I eventually headed to the living room to see what he was doing.    I was about to round the corner when I overheard him watching something on his phone. He never watches videos on his phone; he just plays games or watches things on his xbox during his free time.    I listened for a minute trying to piece together what he was doing. There was no dialogue and the noises were repetitive so I was perplexed.    A vine? Porn webm? Skype call?    I peeked around the corner and over the couch without him noticing.    He was watching a video I posted to snapchat earlier.   I am very insecure and hate having my picture taken and looking in mirrors. I have virtually no social media for that reason. Earlier that day I was feeling good and posted a video showing my face. I’ve voluntarily taken about 5 photos/videos of my face total in the past 3 years.    It’s so crazy. While he thought I was sound asleep in the other room my boyfriend was happily just staring at a video of me.   Once I realized what was happening I slowly backed up around the corner, the video’s background noise still playing, and went back to bed.   I feel way too embarrassed to ever tell him. I just really wanted to share this with someone and how goofy happy I’ve felt ever since.   **edit**: I showed him my post and he is cheesing just as hard as I was when it happened. I don’t really want him searching through my Reddit posts now that he knows my user but oh well.    I feel so happy. I love him so much. This was a really good day.    And no, he wasn’t actually watching porn.
116	3	Got a text from a number this morning asking me to send on my postcode for a DHL delivery. Even though I wasn't expecting a package, I sent it on promptly.   Afterward I was hit with regret and looked at the DHL site which warned of different email and sms scams and not to send on details. I called my countrys DHL line and the automated response reiterated the same thing. I'm convinced I did a very stupid thing, but what's the worst thing someone can do with a postcode.  Pretty much instantly I hear a knock at the door, and I see a black van outside and a lad in joggers and a sleeveless shirt is outside. I shit the bed, lock all the doors, and call the police convinced this poor lad is going to rob me.   I cower there for about 10 minutes until mr.DHL leaves and the police turn up shortly after. I explain the story to them, and they're about to go and try and find the van (they think they passed it on the way down) before he asks me "just check the door to see if they left anything and who it's from". I run up and have a look... It's a genuine DHL package from my new job...   I apologise to the police, and now I'm sitting here with my cats judging me  Tl;dr Got scared of my delivery man, and called the police on him
375	1	My wife and I have been married for 4 years.  When we met she was a tiny little terror. Like the Tasmanian Devil had a baby with Barbie. So freaking adorable and sweet, but she was a tornado. She drank like 6 cups of coffee every single day. So much caffeine for a tiny person. If you didn't know her you would swear she was on drugs. I loved her so much that I knew I could put up with it if I had to, but if I didn't have to, I would try to find a way. So the month before our wedding I decided to try replacing her coffee with decaf for to see if it made a change. And Lord have mercy, it was incredible. It was hell the first two weeks. She had the biggest attitude and was so crabby, but I knew we could make it through it. Afterwards it was the best! She was still sweet, and spunky, and adorable, but she wasn't leaving a trail of destruction behind her anymore. I was amazed! So I decided that from that moment on, I would no longer supply her with regular coffee. I would make every Starbucks run, I would buy regular and decaf ground coffee so I could replace the regular coffee in the package with decaf coffee. The only time she has regular coffee is when she orders it herself, which is like maybe once a week. But it makes her really jittery and she doesn't understand why. It's been this way for 4 years. She has no idea, and I am hoping to keep it that way. We are talking about having kids in the next year or so, so I'm hoping that I can convince her to go full decaf on her own at that time and then I won't have to keep this up anymore.
572	3	this is a case of me being a chronic dumbass.  I thought that because it was Halloween today that other people in a normally holiday loving school would wear at least a prop or one of those bouncy antenna headbands with pumpkins or ghosts but NOPE!  NOT A SOUL.  Nobody wore or did ANYTHING to celebrate. I know it is a holiday that you eventually grow out of but since costumes are my passion I spent months on a bright orange pirate coat and made a costume to go underneath. I'm not usually the extrovert and due to a few recent unfortunate events and my shitty mental state I'm only at school like 50% of the time, and I thought "maybe this time I can have a bit of fun just this once" but fate had other plans for me on this rainy Halloween.  its safe to say I was embarrassed and felt bad and surrounded and like a freak.  if I see someone else with a costume on I might feel better but this was overkill, I'm in 11th grade and thankfully because of that I likely wont be made fun of but costuming will ALWAYS be my passion and someday I will feel okay being the only one in a crowd of people.  TL;DR wore bright orange pirate coat I spent months on and looked like a freak in front of an entire school
900	2	I was starting out the window on the school bus and I suddenly turn to the guy next to me and say,"DUDE! The reason Mario goes down pipes is because he's a *plumber*." You can imagine the look I got.  As a kid it also took my forever to realize Sonic was supposed to be fast. Playing the old games, I never got that impression. It took my cousin showing me an animated cutscene to make me realize this. I mean his name is freakin' **Sonic**. I was just never privy to the marketing, manuals, and the like so, to me, he never seemed like he was going *that* fast.  Also I didn't realize that Samus was a girl. I found that out waaaayyy later.   So yeah. I was a dumb kid.
451	3	I don’t live in the US so my native language isn’t English. There are some guys from USA who I talk to while playing GTA on PS.  So we were talking, when suddenly one of the guys’ brother came to his room and hit him (not hard tho, you know, brothers) to make him die in the game. It was kinda funny and we were laughing at him and he was laughing too.  While everybody were laughing I wanted to say that my brother does it to me too sometimes, so I said like “haha my brother also beats me off sometimes”.  So apparently “to beat off” does not mean the same as “to beat”, as you might know.   Everybody went silent and I didn’t understand why. Then one of the guys understood what I meant and said “do you even know what beat off means?” and I was like “the same as to hit..?”.  So everybody were laughing hard and he explained to me what it actually means. I was embarrassed as fuck and didn’t talk much after it... I feel a little insecure now to talk to them as my English might not be good enough.  TL;DR I thought that “to beat off” is the same as “to beat” and the guys were laughing at me
333	1	This was about 3 years ago but me and my friend where playing a video game called rainbow six sedge. And we play all day I pass out  later and wake up around 5pm and the reunion is a 3h drive. Not wanting to drive for 3h (another 3h coming back) I called my mom and dad and told them I dropped a knife through my foot and I can’t go to the family reunion. It went like this  Me: mom I dropped a knife through my foot Mom: what?  Me: yeah I dropped a knife through my foot it’s bleeding I can’t come to the family reunion Mom: ok I’ll come over the help Me: no I’m ok  Mom: you are sure  Me: yea Mom: ok go the hospital  Me: ok bye  Mom: bye
845	1	I (F20) recently had to move back in with my dad, step-mum and 2 of my step-brothers (15 and 17).   The last time I lived here was 2-3 years ago. Back then I remember getting very pissed off when my step-mum asked me to stop using the bin in the toilet to put my waste sanitary products and use the one in my room (on the other side of the house) because she didn’t want her boys to see it.   Now it’s not like I was leaving used tampons and pads out in the open, everything was and still is, wrapped up so no blood is on show.   Anyway I never stopped using the toilet bin.   Now I’m back she’s started a new thing. Moving my small zip up bag full of my sanity products, that I keep next to the toilet, and slightly open (for easy access), when I’m on my period, to under the sink zipped up.   I personally think I absolutely should not be hiding the fact I have a vagina and it bleeds. Her boys will grow up thinking it’s gross and something that needs to be hidden. I would just feel sorry for the girls they end up with. And I just want to be comfortable in the house I’m living in.
589	1	Wheeew the title sounds childish af but bare with me here.  Husband and I have two little girls, 2mo and 3y/o and as you can imagine our household is hectic as anything so I told him for my birthday I don’t want anything, I don’t want to go for a meal out or a gift but I did want a birthday cake.  I even specified what cake; vanilla cake, vanilla buttercream with strawberries, mango and kiwi on top.  I like small traditions like birthday cakes, we didn’t do it when I was growing up and I’ve made a point to start doing it now.  Come to my birthday and I was looking forward to this cake and it turns out he didn’t get it. I got disappointed and a little emotional but I just thought it’s like a little thought and effort that he didn’t go through.  I got myself a small cake as well as my 3y/o, when I got home my husband started nagging for half and I refused which has caused this argument   1) I’m upset because I see getting a cake as minimal thought and effort especially since I told him what cake to get.  2) he says we shouldn’t have to worry about birthday traditions while we’ve got two small children + I’m showing our 3y/o that it’s okay to throw tantrums over something small.  He says he forgot because he’s been busy with our baby, we do everything 50/50 so it’s not like he’s been alone with the baby with no time on his own.  AITA?
271	1	So my mom was making this delicious ham and that smell was making me hungry all day! I couldn’t help myself to open the oven a just sneak a taste. Well the “little taste” turned in to me and my brother eating basically the whole thing. Apparently, my mom needed that ham for work. When she found out, she was LIVID! She even made me and my brother wear these demeaning signs :(. Here is a pic of the hurtful signs we had to wear. I’m the one on the [left](https://m.imgur.com/a/G5jNavI).
91	1	Hi All,  I take ubers regularly to the airport for work. I’ve always had a paranoia that the uber driver will rob my house if they see that they’re driving me to the airport as no one will be home. So I usually put my neighbors house.  Well it happened. I got picked up at 5am last Monday and out the pickup location as my next door neighbor. When I came back yesterday I found out they were robbed that day (they weren’t home as they were on vacation). Police have identified the uber driver as the prime suspect.  I didn’t tell them anything about the uber pick up thing, simply saying “damn that sucks”.   Told my friends and they said I was an asshole.  So AITA for putting the pick up location as my neighbors house?
4	1	My roommate/close friend's boyfriend wanted to get roommate a kitten for Valentine's Day. Her and I both love cats and both want one but haven't gotten one (because of $, and we know this house isn't long term and don't want to have to move a cat around should we move).   Her (relatively new, been together 6 months) boyfriend wanted to get her a cat for Valentine's Day. Thinking that it's unfair to spring such a big  responsibility on someone, I told him to find a cat he's like to buy her, but ask her before he actually buys it.  She said yes, but she's mad because I ruined the surprise by telling him to ask for permission. This roommate has 0 income (were students - I work full time but her parents pay for all her bills and tuition) so I don't know how she expects to pay for the cat when it needs checkups or to get fixed. I know she wants the cat but I'm worried she's so excited by someone buying it for her that she forgot about the long term implications.  TLDR: Roommate's boyfriend wants to buy her a cat. I tell him to ask her incase she isn't ready for the commitment. She's mad that I ruined the surprise. AITA?  Update: my house now has a cat in it.
441	2	I have a FOODs group, I’m a few grades above the rest of them, so whenever I try to talk to them they ignore me. We had our first cooking time today, it was pico de gallo. I helped my group get supplies/cut vegetables correctly. Once we had finished I started filling the sink to do dishes and one of the freshmen got very mad at me and told me we weren’t supposed to clean until after we ate what we made. Every other group was cleaning before eating but I didn’t want to start any trouble. I didn’t eat any because they had pulled it to their side of the table and I didn’t want to desperately reach over or anything. I got up and started doing dishes while they ate up all the chips &amp; pico de gallo. When they came over they starting dumping a HUGE amount of ‘leftovers’ in the trash. I told them to stop and that I wanted some. They looked at me like I was a homeless beggar. I ended up getting a spoon (they had ate all the chips) and scarfed it down in 10 seconds and then continued cleaning. We ALL ended up leaving class late because everything they needed to clean wasn’t done in time. In the hallways the girl who gave me crap for washing dishes early was talking to one of her friends about how there was “this girl in my group who was acting SO weird” and continued to insult me for trying to clean early and wanting to eat. What did I do wrong??? Why are they treating me so rudely?
120	3	I’m 26 and clean from heroin for 3 years.   I was also a piece of shit and used to deal for a while.   I managed to get with a beautiful girl named Marcy when I first started getting into the thick of things. She knew who I was but she said she loved me.   I will regret this for the rest of my life, but I was the person who shot up Marcy for the first time. After that, there was no stopping her. She stuck around with me, probably because I was her dealer more than anything, but then I got clean and never saw her again for a long time.   A year ago she reached out to me on Facebook and told me that she had been clean for a few months and she said that she didn’t hate me for what happened and she hoped I was still clean.   Last week I got a call from my sister who told me that she saw on Facebook that Marcy had OD’d and there was a funeral service this upcoming Thursday.  I immediately just burst into tears because I hoped that this would never happen and I feel so much guilt over it.   I want to go to the funeral service for her but I’m afraid that my presence would be unwanted. At the most I would just slip in the back, pay my respects and leave. I need to do this for myself.   AITA for wanting to go?
46	3	A week or so ago, I went to a doctor's appointment and was waiting in the exam room for the doc to come in. For whatever reason, I was sweating like crazy and had on a tank top. Sweat was running down my arms, and naturally there were no paper towels or anything in the room that could be helpful. I rifled through my purse and found an extra mask, one of those blue surgical ones, and decided it would be the best way to absorb some of the sweat. I stuck it in my arm pits, soaked up the sweat and stank, then realized there were no trash cans. I wasn't going to leave my garbage in the room, so I reluctantly put it back in my purse with every intention to throw it out at my first opportunity.  Fast forward to Saturday.  In my area, masks are still required, and I was rushing out the door because my ride was there. My normal mask was nowhere to be seen. No biggie, I always have some spare ones in my purse. When I arrive at the destination, I head to the entrance and put on the only mask in my purse. I took in a breath or two and noticed an odd smell. Then it hit me. I put the stanky, sweat soaked mask on my face that was left to ripen in my purse for over a week. I ripped the thing off in horror, mortified at what I'd just done.  I certainly wasn't going to use the mask, but I couldn't leave as I didn't have my car. I then had to explain what happened, laughter ensues, and my ride hands over a spare mask they had. A clean spare mask.  TL;DR used an extra mask to wipe my stanky, sweaty armpits, then proceeded to wear it a week later.
716	2	Got a puppy a little bit over a year ago. Didn’t think it was a big deal since I’ve seen dogs around the apartment complex before. Got the puppy. Wasn’t until after I got him that I realized there are specific “pet buildings” in our large apartment community. Of course my building was not a pet friendly building. I frantically called the landlord and confirmed that our building was not a pet friendly one and no, there was no way I could move into a pet friendly one. I scheduled  a meeting with my landlord. Upon our meeting, I put on a sad face and began to make up this horrible terrible lie that my grandfather had just passed away and that he left me his dog and no one else could take him. Cried my eyes out. My landlord began to hug me and ran to get her boss. Boss with tears in her eyes told me I could move across the street into a pet friendly building and waived the pet fee. No, I’m not proud of this. I definitely should have thoroughly looked over my lease beforehand. But all is done and I have my pup and an apartment.
946	2	My friend is a huge anti vaxxer but not just for Covid I mean for all vaccines. She’s always been anti vax long before Covid.  She’s even against the use of Tylenol if you have a headache or against going to the doctor she believes the body “heals itself” type of bullshit.  We made a deal (that she has broken) not to discuss vaccines. I got vaccinated and she went behind my back and talked about my vaccine status with her anti vax friends saying I’m gonna die in a few years and moderna causes cancer and I’m a sheep.  So I said “wow it’s funny how the person who demands respect isn’t able to return it. You’re a hypocritical loser. Honestly. You’re always talking down to me because I take a Tylenol for pain or I see a doctor, so it’s not like I should be surprised. Bitches will be bitches.”  Needless to say, the friendship is over and she sent me this long response in return over how vaccines cause autism. I didn’t reply.   Now I’m wondering should I not have said anything like that? I was so angry and tired of being talked down to.
672	2	My (25f) boyfriend (27m) and I are dating for 8 months. When we started dating I was putting makeup on every day and I fell asleep sometimes with it still on my face, so my skin wasn't in the best state. I realized that I wasn't doing it for myself but for the others and that I was scared of going out without makeup. I decided to slowly stop putting makeup on and appreciate my natural face. I started using skincare products and also started doing sport and eating healthy food which helped me feel confident.   My boyfriend is a bit different, he has a more sedentary lifestyle and eats mostly fast food or highly processed foods. He's a bit overweight. I try to get him to take walks with me or to cook for him but he always refuses.   Recently he started doing comments on my appearance such as "you looked prettier with makeup", "you're letting yourself go", or suggesting that he could get any girl he wanted so that I should put more effort into pleasing him.   Yesterday I was getting ready for the day and he went behind me and asked if I was really going out like that. I asked him what he meant and he answered without makeup. Sick of hearing those comments, I snapped. I told him that he was ugly, always eating shitty food, that he was disgusting to look at, and that maybe I wasn't putting on makeup but that I was doing something fulfilling with my life which he was not. He looked shocked and went to another room without saying anything. Since I said this he's giving me a silent treatment and I'm wondering if I'm the AH for what I said. I asked my friends for their opinions and some thought that i was right but some thought i was too harsh on him. AITA ?
675	3	This didn’t happen today. It was actually a couple of years ago.  I used to work as an attractions attendant at a Universal in Orlando. I can’t tell you how many douchey guys would make stupid remarks and fake hit on me while I worked there, but it was enough to make me think that every guy that hit on me was just joking and being stupid.  Anyway, I was checking seatbelts and harnesses when I get to this one guys’ row. As I was checking his seat he says “Hey, I was looking at you from behind the gates over there and you’re my type, can I get your phone number?” And I just laughed in his face because I thought he was joking. I mean, I threw my head back and laughed and then I just gave him a sarcastic “no, sorry” and continued checking seats.  Well as I was checking the row behind him and his friends, I hear him say in a really sad voice “guys she said no” and I have never felt so bad in my entire life.   This poor guy actually wanted my phone number and I laughed in his face, which makes me look like the biggest bitch on the planet. If I had known he was being serious, I would have politely declined and told him that I have a boyfriend.  If you are the guy I laughed at, I’M SO SORRY  TL;DR: laughed in a guy’s face after he asked for my phone number because I thought he was joking. He was not joking.
650	3	So a little backstory I have a black Buick and the window doesnt go down becauase I was fixing the lock on the door and messed up the window. so last night I was going to walmart getting groceries and cat food. When I left and was driving I was speeding a bit without realizing it and hear a siren go off. This is where I fucked up... so I pull over and remember my window doesnt open so I opened my door as he was walking up and he yells while getting his gun out "DONT YOU FUCKING MOVE STAY IN YOUR CAR OR I WILL FIRE" I freaked he pulled me out of the car and searched it for weapons... he asked me why I opened the door I explained my window doesnt go down, he was actually pretty nice about but I did get a speeding ticket.  TL;DR Opened door when I got pulled over and nearly got shot.  Edit: I didnt open the door to get out  Edit2: windows fixed
142	3	This happened a few days ago. Any parents can tell you that at ~4-6 months, the baby wants to mouth anything and everything. They see you put food in your mouth, and they want to do the same. This baby in particular is 5 months, and the wife and I wanted to food to him that’s not breast milk.  We were at a local restaurant and ordered a dish with avocado in it. As I started eating, baby is giving me “the eye”. That “I want it” eye. I figured avocado would be a nice soft, neutral flavor. We were avoiding strong flavors, so we can build up to them. Off topic - I can’t wait to surprise him with lemon and record his reaction!  I put a bit of green avocado on my chopstick and fed it to him...  ...What I didn’t tell you is that we were eating sushi. That chop stick also had residue of wasabi from my previous bite...  His head turned red for like 2 mins. Didn’t cry though, just a lot of complaining. Sorry little dude, welcome to the real world :D  TL;DR: I fed my baby his first real food: Wasabi.
820	2	So a friend of mine was diagnosed with cancer a few weeks ago. She is starting chemo treatments and recently shaved her head (I guess to stop hair from falling out in patches, I’m not entirely sure how chemotherapy works). She has been asking all her friends to shave their heads in solidarity with her struggle. But I don’t want to. I have been growing my hair out for several years and I like it at the length it is. I’ve told my friend that I would be happy to support her in other ways, like making meals for her, watching her kiddos or driving her around when she doesn’t feel like it. After I told my friend this she kind of ghosted me for a few days. Then I get a loooong fb message from her mom calling me selfish and a narcissist for not shaving my head and that if I really cared for her I’d do it. I feel pretty guilty about this but I’m remaining firm on my decision not to shave my head. I haven’t spoken with friend since her mom messaged me. AITA for wanting to keep my hair?
794	1	I got an email that “my” account name had been changed. Since I didn’t have an account under the supposed name I checked it out.   It wasn’t my account so I dm’ed the other person, “Hi it’s actually [name]. Do you want to change your email?” To which he responded, “No I’m also actually [name] bitch.”  Now this user appeared to be a kid so I decided to use this as a learning opportunity. I changed his password and deleted his recovery phone number. I then gave him a bio which said, “dm me @[my account] with your email so I can change it for you.”
430	1	We went somewhere for NYE and had to buy tickets for this event and we both agreed to buy our own ticket but I put them on my credit card and she still hasn't paid me back for them and it's kind of pissing me off. Am I the asshole for asking for the money?
902	1	Some background info needed. I come from a mixed race Muslim family and grew up in a small post-9/11 midwestern town so there was a lot of bullying towards me and my siblings.  Durring a school football game my younger brother was watching one of the guys that bullied us, lets call him Chad, threw a water bottle at my lil bros face. My brother had to walk home with a swollen eye and my mom had to put ice on it to get the swelling to go down. He wouldn't tell her who did it but he told me. This fliped a switch in my head.  My brother was a bullied a lot more than me on account he was younger, slightly effiment and had dark skin like our father. Meanwhile I was a year older, tall for my age and white like my mom so I didn't have it close as bad as him.  Anyway. Chad would leave school out one of the back exits to save time on his walk home. I knew nobody else left that way so when school got out the next Monday I followed him. I ran after him and started chocking him from behind like I had seen in action movies. Maybe it was because of the adrenalin but I started screaming all kinds of crap at him. The cliche "dont mess with my family" stuff.   I left him unconscious behind the school and went home. This was the first and last time I used violence against someone. I never told anyone and neither did he so I wasn't punished for this.   Chad turned up to school the next day and everything was back to normal. The only thing that changed was that Chad and his friends stopped harassing me and my bro.  To this day I still think he had it coming.
684	3	This literally just happened, and while it was scary at first, my family and I are all laughing about it now.   I usually shower right before bed since the warm water makes me sleepy, but today I decided to take a shower right after waking up (6 am). As I was in the middle of shaving, the lights suddenly went out. Now, our bathroom door is almost airtight, so when the power went out, I was plunged into darkness.   I’m a paranoid person, so my first thought was “someone turned off the power to break in and hurt me while I’m naked”. In the middle of my panic I dropped my razor, finding it again very quickly with my foot.   I stumbled out of the shower and felt around in the dark to open the door a crack so I could see a bit, and apparently my entire family had decided to gather right outside my bathroom door to discuss what had happened.   From their point of view: in the middle of their conversation I appeared in the bathroom doorway, completely naked and dripping water everywhere, bleeding from my foot and looking like I just saw a ghost.   TL;DR: power went out while I was showering, accidentally stepped on a razor and blindly found my way to the door just to expose myself to my entire family
71	3	Am I the asshole for calling it quits. I’m only in my early 30’s and have already been married and divorced. And all me and the current fiancé do anymore is argue. Am I the asshole when after the 4th time of her giving me back her engagement ring that I’m done. I’m tired of dealing with. I already done it once.
937	1	First date she was almost 2 hours late. She texted saying she’s hanging out with friends. We eventually met up and had a decent time. So I tried to give her a chance. Yesterday we agreed to meet at 4:30. At the last minute she mentions she wants to eat somewhere and then meet up. I tell her I’m at x location (a restaurant) at 4:30 hurry up and get here. She tells me she’s on the way. We had just had a discussion about why I felt disrespected after the first time. It took me less than 20 minutes to get there from same location.   After eating dinner by myself, paying and going to the restroom. I come back and she’s sitting there. Showed up at 6. I didn’t say hi or anything. I just walked out. Now she’s texting me asking me where I am. I explain to her again about respect etc.  I said I gave you a chance and you blew it.  Now she calling me a psycho for bailing on her.   I feel like I did the right thing. Am I wrong? Am I the asshole?  Tl; dr. How long would you wait for a 1st and second date?
814	2	When my boss decides that he wants to fund or buy out a project, my job is essentially to throw the clients off their game so that when it comes to negotiating a deal, my boss will have the upper hand. Most of the guys that come in to pitch their ideas are tech guys and are really nerdy so they're fairly easy to manipulate. The girl that I'm replacing has been training me for two weeks now. This week is my first week going solo. I think that a lot of companies do this but I still feel kind of guilty about it - like I'm taking advantage of them or something. [Conflicted]
819	3	Throwaway account for obvious reasons. This just happened a few minutes ago. I was laying on my couch and my cat decided to jump up and lay on my chest as he often does. I had just eaten lunch, which was a chicken salad sandwich, so naturally my cat was intrigued by the smell and wanted to get a good whiff. He was sniffing around my face heavily, almost comically. I was feeling pretty generous at that time so I got the brilliant idea to open my mouth really wide to let him enjoy, but also because I was curious how far he would venture in. He got his head about halfway in when suddenly he decided to let out a violent and very wet sneeze right into my mouth. I'm fucking disgusted, and the weekend has been ruined before it even started.   TLDR: My cat sneezed directly in my mouth.
792	3	So I match with this cute girl from tinder. The conversation is flowing and I suggest we go out for drinks this past Friday. She agrees and we set the time and place.   When I arrive at the bar 10 minutes early i try to see if she already arrived and I see her standing by the bar. She made eye contact with me and I greeted her. We started talking for quite sometime and I was getting weird vibes from her so I suggested we go grab something to eat. We get out and as I see her more clearly under the street light I exclaim "you don't look anything like your tinder profile pictures". That's when it hits me... This is not the girl I had a date with and just straight up hit on some random girl. I try to ask "you are not Melanie (name altered)" and she seems pissed of that I don't remember her name but I'm more confused than ever.   I look at my phone and see 5 angry text messages and 3 missed calls.   My new date didn't find it amusing and lost interest and my original date wants nothing to do with me.   Spend the rest of the night eating take out pizza and watching Netflix   TL;DR: accidentally hit on a girl in a bar that looked like my tinder date. Fucked up both dates.
958	2	I'm a 19 year old college student and I also work at a grocery store.  So for the past couple months I've been taking every 2 weekends off. Working while being a full time student is tough and tiring and sometimes I just need time to myself to relax/do things I can't do during the week due to classes/anything other than work or school.  I don't get weekends off unless I physically take them off so I don't have an off day so taking the time off gives me some, but I feel like I'm making the scheduling a hassle since I'm always taking a few weekends off.   My job hasn't said anything to me about it, so for right now it's not a huge deal I suppose but would it make me TB if I continue to do it?
293	2	I was leaving the mall with $10 in my pocket and I put my hands in my pockets and realized I dropped the money. I turn around and find it about 15 feet back and this old lady, probably about 70 to 80 years old is walking towards it. She bent down to grab it but just as she was about to touch it I swiped it from under her hand. I said sorry and that it was my money but she just gave me this glare like she was planning on murdering me in the parking lot. I felt really bad but I was my money. So am I an asshole?
214	1	I share a room with "Jeff" in college. Jeff likes to go home on the weekends, specifically every weekend. He lives about 45 minutes away.   The problem is that he comes home on Sunday night pretty late imo. At the earliest he'll come in is 12:30am and won't generally get into bed around an hour and a half after that (he moves his shit back in and then goes and parks his car), he does keep the light off though. I get woken up every time and it takes forever for me to get back to sleep (idk I guess the door opening up like that randomly gives me an adrenaline rush)  We both have class at 8am. He goes to class and then comes back and naps for a while then will wake up late and go do work (I'm fine with that). While I usually go to class, go to the gym, and go to work then study. Basically I'm saying I've got shit to do  and my day starts pretty early.   All I'm asking for is for him to come in a little earlier like 10pm instead of 12:30am. Is that too unreasonable? When I asked him he basically said that he was spending time with family (he goes home EVERY weekend, needs to leave the nest a little but but I digress) and wouldn't come back earlier. He then offered to buy me nyquil (wtf?).   AITA for asking him to come in a little earlier?
331	2	Both my dad and my brothers never want to talk about our mom. It's almost taboo to bring up her name around them. It's hard on me because I have no one to share her memory with.  So I send her texts on Facebook, I know she can't respond but it's all I have. Been 5 years now and I'm 26. It was a house fire, she was badly injured died a year later on her birthday. Our birthdays were 8 days appart. I still listen to her voicemails on my phone. Anytime I bring her up around my family, my brothers get sad, my dad gets angry cuz makes his new gold digger wife angry.   His wife is a whole other story, but let's says she's a liar, manipulater and as a result my dad no longer even responds to my texts that say I miss him...
889	3	It just felt too big, too nebulous. I had no idea where to start. I kept putting it off and putting it off again, with no idea of what to do. I could have asked for help, but I didn't. How pathetic, I thought - every other student can manage to write one, but you need help? Just fucking put your head down and do it. But I didn't.  With 24 hours to go, I had nothing. So I found a dissertation on Google, and I went through and changed it enough that I thought I could get away with it. I didn't. I have a hearing in a few days, and I can't see any likely outcome other than being kicked out with no degree.  I haven't told anybody, besides a nice woman on the phone from Samaritans, because I didn't know who else to call. She didn't seem to know what to say though, and I can't blame her. What is there to say? You fucking idiot? How did you not ask anyone for help at any stage? Why are you the only person who can't fucking write their own dissertation?  I'm so ashamed. So so ashamed. I can't tell my friends. Students have fun at university, but I feel as though there is an unspoken contract that everyone can do so because they are all working hard. I have broken my contract, and I cannot admit it.   This shame pales in comparison to the shame I feel regarding my parents. I am dreading telling them more than anything. They have been nothing but supportive my entire life. They are wondeful people. They have given me so much help, sacrificed so much for me to get a good education, and I have spat in their faces. I am ashamed to be their son.
603	3	I play in the Orchestra at my High School, and we're currently working in small ensembles. We get to choose the music we play, and one group member found an arrangement that overlays the USSR national anthem with "Canon in D" by Pachabel.   Some parts of it just sound like Canon, but others are exclusively dedicated to the USSR melody. You can't miss it.  We were rehearsing in a room directly next to the MP, one door over. We played it repeatedly for a solid 30 minutes whilst cracking communism jokes, having a good time.   When it was time to leave, we went to the MP to access the building exit. I was the last one in after my classmates who were humming the melody to themselves as they walked through the MP had left.  I looked over, and it turned out that 2 American Vietnam war veterans had been setting up an assembly the entire time. They said nothing, but the bewildered/slightly pissed off looks I got confirmed that they heard the entire thing.  Here's the kicker- about 80% of the kids in the group are East Asian, and could easily passed for Vietnamese. I feel lucky we didn't give the poor guys flashbacks.  Tl;Dr My small ensemble consisting of mostly Vietnamese-looking kids played the Communist national anthem as loud as possible whilst cracking jokes about it, not knowing that 2 Vietnam veterans were next door and hear the entire thing.
901	2	So I (single person) moved in with my best friend and her partner to save money on housing. We are all approx. 30 and live in an open house (no separate living spaces, only space that is truly mine is my bedroom). Prior to moving in, there was no discussion that the couple may intend to have a baby while we're living together - however, my best friend knows that I don't like babies and don't want children of my own.  Fast forward to 6 months after we've moved in together, the couple tell me they want to start trying to have a baby.  I'm quite taken aback and don't tell them at that time how angry I am that they didn't bring this up before we combined houses. They insist that they will do whatever they can to make me comfortable in the house with the baby, and I say I could try it, but that we'd have to do a lot of pre-planning. It would be incredibly difficult for me to move out and find suitable housing financially.  Now about another 6 months later, my best friend is pregnant, and I honestly don't know if I can stand living with a child. I've started trying to broach this with my friends/roommates, and they are quite angry, as they say they have now budgeted for their child based on me living with them. AITA for possibly moving out because of this baby surprise?  EDIT: I should add that my friend has JUST gotten pregnant, and I'm not trying to move out when their baby is due any day.
836	1	6 years ago when I lived in Utah and I had horrible neighbors with horrible children. The kids were very cruel towards any animal they came across and this made me furious because I love animals more than anything. One day I saw the parents bring a kitten home to their Satan spawn. I thought maybe, just maybe, their kids might be nice to this kitten because it was theirs.  NOPE. These little fuck heads treated this poor kitty like a toy. They put her in a purse and swung her around in their front yard. They hit her, kicked her, shook her, threw her up in the air and didn't catch her. They did anything they could think of to torture this poor little thing in plain veiw. The parents most definitely saw but never said a word to stop them.  I was completely over watching this. As a joke, I asked my mom if she would kick my ass if I catnapped her and to my surprise, she actually told me to do it. I was 100% going to take that cat at this point. They leave her outside by herself all the time so when I saw the chance to grab her, I did.  I took her inside and my mom put her in my cat's carrier. We put her in the car and drove straight to the humane society. We handed her over and I paid the fee. My mom gave them her number and asked them to call her when they found a good home for her. They called about a week later and told us that a sweet 60 year old woman who lived alone had adopted her.  I have absolutely no regrets. I've played with that cat several times and she is an absolute angel. She didn't deserve to be treated like that. If you're a parent, it's YOUR job to teach your kids how to treat people AND animals. Animals are not toys.
88	3	I haven't made edibles in a long time as they usually taste horrible or they turn out burnt; but with the impact of covid, I wanted to reduce smoking to preserve my lungs.  This time with the help of some friends I managed to make some strong brownies which tasted alright. One night I ate two thirds and left the rest saran wrapped on my desk. . Now that I look back, I should have better hidden the brownie but as I was completely baked that night, I had simply put it on the far corner of my desk. What makes it worse is that the night before, our family celebrated a birthday and we all had chocolate cake.   &amp;#x200B;  Everything goes fine the next morning and I noticed that the third of remaining brownie was gone; I thought that it was binned as what remained was a few pieces and a crumbly mess. Two hours later, I get a call from my mom's boss telling me that she is very sick. I rushed over to help and was able to bring mom back home. During the car ride back she said that she felt very dizzy and had a loss of sensation; she even mentioned that her colleagues were about to call the paramedics. Mom mentioned that she thought she was having a stroke and was retracing her morning when she casually let out that she finished off the 'cake' on my desk.   &amp;#x200B;  Everything clicks into place and I realise it was all just from the brownie so I gave her reassurance and took care of her. Mom is still freaking out thinking she had a brush with death but after a couple hours, some rest and food she feels back to normal. Now I don't know how or when to explain it all to her; she knows a little about my recreational smoke and hasn't been too happy about it.
652	2	My wife has a horrible habit of checking her phone while driving.  Yesterday I was on an hour long drive with my wife and I decided to track how often she touches her phone while driving.  In an hour and 8 minutes she touched her phone 37 times  Most times where just her checking a text message that came, some times she responded to the text message, and a few times she was just getting some bonus to a slot machine game that popped up with a notification   At the end of the day, i showed my wife the spreedsheet I had on my phone of all the times she touched her phone while driving and she went nuclear on me.  She yelled and screamed at me about how I betrayed her trust and treated her like a child and that I don't respect her  My issue is that she is the one that takes our son to and from school most days, how many times is she using her phone while driving our son around?  Tell me Reddit, am I the asshole or what?
429	3	Obligatory this was a few years ago, not today. Girlfriend is now wife and we cringe about this every time one of us remembers it.  We were in our final year of school and had just started dating, we were in the same physics class which meant that we both didn’t have to be in school on Monday mornings until 10 o’clock. So naturally as horny teenagers we would sneak in a ‘session’ before going to school every Monday.  The fu was after a few months of that routine. We got a bit too comfortable one morning and were late. We walked into physics class at the same time having not thought to think of an excuse that was valid for two people (who everyone knows are dating) to walk in at the same time and clearly in a rush. It would have been fine had the teacher, a very tall and scary man, not challenged our lateness straight away.   I trusted my girlfriend to think of an excuse that I could tag in on like ‘the bus broke down’ or something. But no, she went solo and said ‘I had a hospital appointment’. Teacher replies ‘that’s fine for you but...’ looks at me ‘why were you there?’. I’m now stuck in the middle of the room, surrounded by 30 of my peers and a scary teacher, brain fart engaged and splutter out ‘it concerned both of us’.  Teacher and peers immediately jump to the conclusion that my girlfriend was pregnant and we got called into the head of year’s office the next day for a meeting about it all. Rumours spread quite quickly too  TL;DR - was late to school one morning with my girlfriend and was challenged by the teacher. Blurted out that we had a joint hospital appointment in a scared haze and made everyone think she was pregnant.
203	1	Not sure why I do it. It’s not even conscious half the time. When I walk down stairs I throw gang signs. And not stairs in public, like the stairs in my house. I’m a 40yo white guy. And I’ve never been in a gang.
842	2	So my mom has had this tattoo planned for ages. Basically it's a tattoo of my name and it has a butterfly because of the butterfly project and the logo of a band I liked when I was 13. Her story is that those were the things that made me stop self harming and she thinks this band like kept me alive or something. The issue is that it's from her perspective and is not at all the truth. She still sees it as butterflies and a band I once liked when in reality it was a lot of therapy, hard work, and learning to use art as a coping mechanism.   Over Easter she was talking to my grandmother and I about it and she was getting a lot of things wrong and diving in way too deep to a sensitive subject in front of someone I wasn't comfortable discussing it with. I tried asking her to stop and she acted offended and continued. I then tried to tell her that her recounting of events wasn't the right one and she tried convincing me otherwise.  She's going to get questions about this tattoo and she's going to tell everyone a skewed representation of my truth. She already has a habit of oversharing despite promising me time and time again that she doesn't. It has affected the way people see me and I've spent so much time trying to set it straight.   Would I be the asshole if I tell her I don't want her to get it? It means a lot to her I just can't bear the thought of her continuing to walk around and telling all these incorrect personal details of my life. What if I suggested she make corrections to it? I've been trying to bring this up for months and I just can't seem to do it.
543	2	This is a wild situation. To give some background, I (32F) have a sister “Leah” (26F). She’s been married to “Jake” for five years, and they have two kids. We all grew up very Christian, I ended up leaving the church, but my sis and BIL are still on fire Christians.  Anyway, Leah has mentioned things to me that seem very sketchy. I think Jake is cheating, but she won’t accept the thought. He leaves their bed at night and doesn’t come back til after work the next day, he hides money, and he’s trying not to conceive another kid with my sister. I’ve gently tried to give her a reality check, but it hasn’t worked.  Well, on Friday after work they  came over to swim (totally fine in our state). Jake was swimming with the kids, and my sister and I were sitting in the grass keeping an extra eye on them. Jake had lots of red scratches on his back, to me they looked like fingernails. I made a joke to my sister about their dry spell being over, and she said they still hadn’t had sex in a year.   I gently told her that they looked like finger marks, and that it was sketchy as hell. She said casually that Jake had gone on a “prayer walk” with his men’s group and had been spiritually attacked by a demon. Now, we grew up with these kinds of beliefs, but I told her that was crazy and just an excuse.   She got really flustered and pulled her kids out of the pool. She told Jake she had a headache, and they left.   AITA for telling my sister my concerns? Should I have stayed out of her business?
468	3	So there’s this girl in my friend group. She has a tendency to be kind of over the top and stretches the truth a lot. We all were hanging out over the weekend to celebrate another friend’s birthday. Apparently a few people had the idea to give her “pot brownies” and see how she’d react. The catch is that they had nothing in them at all. But they were banking on her acting high anyway to fit in with everyone else.   I didn’t find out about this whole plan until I got there. Everyone else pretended to be high and so did the girl, predictably. I didn’t participate in that part but I also didn’t tell her it was all a huge joke at her expense.   At the end of the night someone told her and called her out on always being fake. She got really upset and ended up leaving the party early by herself. I do feel bad for her but I also feel like she kind of brings this on herself sometimes because she’s always trying too hard.   Again though, this wasn’t my prank and I probably wouldn’t have planned something like this myself. But it is what it is now.   AITA?
436	3	This didn't happen today, but a few years back. I was talking about it recently and thought I would share.  A few years ago, I was moving to New Zealand, so I went over to my moms house to say goodbye. She had just gotten a new kitten, which of course means I was going to play with it. As kittens do, it scratched me a little, but I thought nothing of it. Little did I know, that those little scratches were far from harmless.  The next day, my mom dropped me off at the airport and gave me a couple of sleeping pills for my flight. Even though I had a stopover in Fiji, the flight was still really long and I'm terrible at sleeping on planes. Just as I sat down in my seat. I took the pills and settled in to try to get comfortable. About 30 mins in, I was out.   About an hour before landing, I was rudely awoken by violently projectile vomiting with several flight attendants looking on with horror. The person who had been sitting next to me was no longer there. Apparently I had been vomiting continuously while I was asleep, including all over this poor guy.   We land in Fiji and the immediately take me into the quarantine zone. This was during the ebola outbreak and they thought that I might be contagious. Well, it turned out that I actually had cat scratch fever from my moms new kitten. I was able to leave Fiji and eventually make my way to New Zealand.  Long Story Short, be careful when petting kittens who haven't had their shots.  TL;DR  I pet an unvaccinated kitten, got cat scratch fever, and threw up all over the place while unconscious on sleeping pills.
940	1	My mom is on a super strict diet. She doesn't eat anything processed nothing with sugar all organic. She's very extreme. Like almond milk is too processed, the nuts were crushed. All flour is off limits. She basically eats vegetables fruits potatoes and meat. Anyways, my husband recognized the severity of this pandemic months ago. He stocked up on all sorts of goods before everyone went crazy at the grocery stores. We're in good shape, haven't had to go to the store often. My mom is not in good shape financially. That's fine, I'm more than happy to take care of her while her daycare job is out of commission. I just think she should be willing to accept the canned foods we have. She wants my husband to run out and get her all this fresh organic produce. She's elderly and I'm pregnant so it really has fallen on my husband to do the shopping. But we're only trying to shop for absolute necessities and avoiding going out as much as possible! It's difficult to comprehend the restrictions of her diet, he bought canned goods but everything has a few Grams of sugar. Wibtb for bringing her the food we have to offer? Do I need to drag my pregnant ass to the grocery store for her so she can have her specialty food? Her diet is a choice is not prescribed for her health. She believes it's helps her emotional stability to eat healthy af. I think during these times you don't get to eat so restrictively.
278	1	I can't believe this is a thing. But for the past several months I've noticed about 50-60% of the time I'm talking to my husband he will just fart. Like really loud, show stopping farts. It literally interrupts me and he smiles and asks me to continue what I was saying.   I'm finally fed up with it because he never does this to other people so I know his sphincter is working just fine. He did it to me this morning and I finally asked him to stop. He got mad at me and said I'm crazy because obviously he doesn't do it on purpose. I get he can't make himself fart on command but he can hold it in until I'm done talking. I said that and he got mad and said I'm being ridiculous.   Am I seriously the asshole here?
625	1	I love my wife. she is the best thing that ever happened to me. She is also not a super nice person, and can be something of a bully. Her son got married recently and she hates the bride, no actual reason, just hates her. She kept joking about wearing white to the wedding, and the poor bride who doesn't know her very well, though she was just joking.  She wasn't. She wore a floor length white lace gown to the wedding, just to be a bitch. I told my wife that this was a terrible idea, and that she was making herself look crazy, but she would not be reasoned with. When the bride saw her she teared up a little (this is after a lot of bad blood between them)  During the reception, my stepson bribed his wife's nephews. One distracted my wife. She loves kids so got up to play with him, and the other one put the chocolate frosting off of a cupcake on her seat. Honestly I didn't say anything, because I told her ahead of time that she was going to deserve whatever she got. She didn't notice for hours until my stepson said something before he left.  Somehow she isn't mad at him, isn't mad at the kids, but is furious with me and says that I should have told her, and I am supposed to be on her side. I thought this drama was over, but my stepson posted a picture of his wife on social media this morning, and the shit looking stain is pretty clear in the background, so my wife is mad at me again.
282	3	Title says most of it.  I was at a tech conference today.  I like to broadcast random WiFi hotspot names to mess with people and after the recent story about the Planet Fitness  I thought it would go over well as a joke.  I mean, who hasn't seen "FBI Surveillance Van" as a network?  *Holy fuck.*  **Do not do this!!!**  Cops got called.  I got to spend about 45 minutes chatting with them.  They asked a lot of questions.  They had to make sure I'm not a threat.  I cooperated fully.  I have no doubt being a white guy at a nerd gathering probably helped.  I was told I wasn't being charged.  I was, however, told to leave by the venue and not come back.  Flash forward two hours and I go to log into my work email on my phone.  Huh.  Password failed.  Huh, again.  Ok, let's not fat finger this and lock the account.  Pull out the laptop, remote into my work PC.  Go to log in.  "Your account has been disabled. Contact your systems administrator."  20 minutes later I get the text message.  *You are being placed on paid administrative leave effective today 5/23 while the agency investigates today’s events surrounding you being removed from the &lt;venue&gt;. You are not to complete any work, access agency networks or report to the office during your leave. We will contact you when the investigation is complete.*  tl;dr: Immature joke kills career, film at 11.
662	3	When I was 7 ,about 12 years ago, me and a few of my buddies here playing pretend as spies on the bus home from school. So spy's have the cool invisible speaker in their ears to contact people and I thought it would be a good idea to use a googly eye that  I had lifted from school in the place of this speaker. The googly eye idea worked perfectly for a minute until I had pressed it too far into my ear and in trying to grab it out I pushed it even further in. I was kind of worried at this point and decided to ask my big cousin, who was on the bus, if she could get it but she said you couldn't see it in my ear. I could hear it rattling and it was very annoying but being too scared to tell my dad, I stupidly decided to let it be for the time being. After a few days it stopped rattling and i assumed it had fell out and that was the end of that...  Skip forward to this Tuesday; I do kayaking at university and got a big slap on the head with a paddle and I was submerged under water, after I emerged and pulled my boat out I could hear a slight rattle in my ear and I knew instantly what it was. It's now Friday and the rattling happens every time I turn my head and I still haven't build up the nerve to go to the doctor and confess my unusual prosthesis.  TLDR: Put googly eye in ear 12 years ago, thought googly fell out shortly after... It didn't
898	1	I'm on a cell phone so formatting may suck. Sorry.  Here's the situation: My grandchild lives with me and has for over a year now. She's 3. I have a decent relationship with the other grandparents, the parents of my son in law.  They have her 1 night a week on average.  Here's the situation: They brought my granddaughter home last night.  My granddaughter was carrying a kitten.  I told them that I already had 2 pets and I didn't want another one. They said ok and left.  This morning I went to check my mail. The kitten was on my back deck. Instead of them taking the kitten back to wherever they originally got it, they had abandoned it outside my house last night.  After I found the kitten,  I called them. Yes, I was angry.  They said I had no right to get mad over something so small and that I had anger issues.  I also refused to let them pick the kitten back up because I'm afraid they'll just drop it off somewhere else. I'm rehoming it. They said I'm overreacting.    So am I an asshole that overreacted by getting mad? I consider this kitten as an abandoned animal.  They said they think a pet would teach our grandchild responsibility.  I said she already has pets here and if they wanted her to have another one, they should have kept it. They would have to pay a pet fee to their apartment complex though.   Tl;dr Daughter's in laws abandined a kitten at my house thinking I would keep it.  Thanks!
732	3	Obligatory just over a week ago comment. So I have been moved in with my boyfriend three weeks - it was quite sudden as we’ve only been together three months. And also somewhat poorly planned as one of us has a cat...and the other has a tiny parrot who genuinely believes he is a velociraptor.   Ragebeak belongs to me. It is a Saturday morning, and he has commenced the daily scream at about seven - not too early and not too late but definitely too loud. Still, I thought being a Saturday I’d take him downstairs and cuddle/play and let my boyfriend lie in.  I fell down the stairs. Still holding very small parrot and my first thought was OH GOD DONT CRUSH HIM so I threw my hands up like I just didn’t care and...  I broke my back.  And then when I finally got somewhat upright and attempted to go back up the stairs (parrot is stood a few steps up completely fucking baffled by my behaviour but importantly he is neither flat or dead) I passed out from the pain, hit my head off the counter and sustained a head injury.   Woke up a bit later laid on the floor dribbling and attempted round two significantly more successfully and went to go shriek about ambulances at my boyfriend - because as it happens he sleeps like THE DEAD and heard none of the screaming/clattering/slamming noises.  TL;DR removed parrot from bedroom so my boyfriend could have a sleep in, broke spine and woke him up with screaming of my own. Right in his face.
844	1	I have a friend group who I get along with quite well, but I'm not much of a fan of one guy we'll call Justin who just seems to talk without thinking. Sometimes he's purposefully rude just to be edgy.   Yesterday it was kinda hot so I wore leggings and a crop top to hang out for a picnic in the park. I'm not a skinny woman but I'm very much comfortable in my body. Justin has never seen me in leggings before and asked if I wasn't fitting into my jeans anymore. I rolled my eyes but didn't comment on it.  Later on he reached over to poke my stomach and told me that dresses would hide all my flab better. So I responded with:  "You should worry about that receeding hairline first before you come for my weight."  Low blow? Maybe. His hairline is receeding and he's in his mid 20's. He does everything he can to hide it like hats/beanies, certain haircuts, and apparently has spoken to the guys about a hair transplant.  He left pretty soon after that and a couple of my girlfriends thought it was funny, but a few of the guys are telling me that receeding hairlines in men are a sore spot, and that I should've just told him to cut it out (I have before, he just picks up the attitude the next time I see him). My argument is that weight is often a sore spot for women (I don't particulary care but that doesn't mean others don't) so he should've expected to get as good as he gave.
33	1	My roommate and I have been friends since childhood and we're rooming at college right now. Anyways, before we came up for this semester, he got injured at work, and then they ended up firing him for an absence related to the injury. He recently found out he needs to have surgery for the injury, but before they do that, the work wanted a separate medical review from a doctor in our hometown to prove the injury (stupid yeah but it's where we're at).  So they had to fly him home for the appointment and we saw that you can have a plus one for the flight, so we call the number for travelling arrangement and say, hey we'd like to add one to the flight. And so they're like sure who is it you would like to bring with you? And, he says, oh my roommate to help with baggage (because of the injury). So she says something like, oh I'm sorry only immediate family or spouse are allowed the plus one. Before we called we actually discussed if that was a possibility, so he said, actually we're partners. There was a bit of an awkward pause, then she was like, oh okay, I'll get that taken care of for you. So that is the time I got a free flight home for the weekend by pretending to be gay.
399	1	My boyfriend is not allergic to anything, but he hates potatoes (unless they are chips or baked) onions (unless it is onion powder) and many other things. I have made many dishes without onion or using onion powder and been very careful about what he likes but he NEVER eats it. The only cooking of mine he will eat is wedges, chips or hashbrowns from the packets. If I make pasta I have to half it because he will not eat it if it has a pasta sauce, including creamy ones.  I have always offered him a bowl and he never wants it. I even ask him to find recipes and he never does.  Anyway so after making a bunch of dinners with onion powder I decided I wanted to make a curry with actual onion. I know he wasn't going to eat it because as I was putting in potatoes he said "yuck yuck"  Well after he found I had onion he got really pissed saying that "I should of used the powder" and that "he may of had it" but that may is extremely unlikely. He was annoyed that now he'll have to make his own dinner.  Anyway was it an asshole thing to do to not cook it exactly how he likes?
130	1	I'm paying it with the money he gives me monthly to eat at school. He doesn't know but if he does, my step-brother will know too and he will want to use it. I'm probably moving out soon and I'm not planning on leaving the Switch here, so I may just not tell them about my new console.
127	1	This happened around 2010 when I was roughly 24 years old. I still lived at home with my Mom who always had a sweet tooth. Now, by this time she was suffering from some early onset dementia and did not work, so she had a lot of time on her hands. She liked to call customer service numbers and give them a hard time about little things for some human interaction, in my opinion. She had been calling Nabisco several times about her opening brand new Oreo packages and finding the center row of the tray  almost completely devoid of Oreos. I knew this because she had mentioned it and would leave notes from her phone calls around. I rolled my eyes as I was used to her being a little nutty. According to her, it kept happening and she began taking photos of the Oreos each time it happened to try to prove to Nabisco that she wasn't making this up. I assumed she was eating them and forgetting.  One day, I'm in the kitchen and I open up a brand new package of Oreos and grab several from the center row.  As I start walking away, it hit finally hit me! She didn't realize that Oreo had updated their packaging to having the Easy Open Pull Tab on the top! She was still opening the side of the package and sliding the tray out. I was the Oreo thief the whole time and didn't know it! We had a good laugh over it. My Mom died shortly thereafter in January 2012 and my sister bought me an Oreo Christmas ornament. I smile as I recall the Oreo Incident when I decorate my tree each year.   TL;DR - I was using the new Easy Open Pull Tab on the top of Oreo packages while my mom was still opening the package from the side and sliding the tray out which led to her thinking Nabisco was shorting us Oreos.
342	3	So this happened a few hours ago. I have two dogs and one isn’t allowed to go on walks at the moment due to dodgy elbows. So the dog walker swings by to pick up the other one, texts me to let me know she’s outside so I can run him out and the other one doesn’t get upset.  I am trying to be quick and sly here as the one who isn’t allowed to walk is very needy and attached to her brother.  I pop his harness and leash on and run out front in my slippers. As I am leaving the front door slightly ajar behind me so I can slip back in, she catches me and runs full pelt at the front door.. slamming it shut behind me.   So I am then outside the house in my slippers whilst my needy frantic unwell dog is stuck inside alone.   Lesson learnt: ALWAYS TAKE KEYS WHEN LEAVING THE HOUSE, EVEN FOR A MINUTE!  Luckily a local friend has spare keys for me so I wasn’t gone too long!  TL;DR stepped outside without keys, my dog runs after me and accidentally shuts the front door, locking me out!
442	2	Ok, so I got home from work last night and I walk into the house with my wife thinking she was being a good parent and explaining to the kids what to do if they see Momo. Our kids are 11 and 6, girl and boy respectively. The little boy is freaked right out by this Momo thing that I have never heard of. Apperently my wife and her motherly friends "researched" this Momo challenge. I told her that it sounds ridiculous and is fake. She inisisted that it is real, so I searched up a bit, and still told her it was not real, but now the kids will probably have to sleep with us for the next few nights.  Sure enough, at 1:55 am, our 11 year old girl had a bad dream. She went to her sleeping mother but the little girl's overworked imagination saw her mom as the Momo creature and supremely freaked out. She screamed bloody murder and punched my darling wife right in the nose. Woke up the whole house. After we calmed her down we tried to go back to sleep, but the girl could not stop seeing Momo as her mom, so mom had to sleep with the boy in his room and I had to sleep with the lights on hold my little girl's hand the rest of the night.   I have a feeling this is going to continue for a few nights. ×yawn×  Tldr, mom warned the kids about momo and created nightmares, got punched in the nose and now we all walking around like zombies for lack of sleep
821	1	My husband and I have been married for 8 years. He works in computer science at a large company. My grandparents opened a flower shop many years ago, it was handed down to my parents, and now I run it.   I hired Jessica, as a favor to my husband’s boss. Tbh, husband has really been ass kissing lately as a much higher paying position is going to be opening up and he wants to get it. I know he is being considered but he wants to know he has it in the bag. So after hearing his boss talk about his daughter needing a summer job, he jumped and said we’d love to have her at the flower shop.   I could use more part time employees, and he knew that, so I didn’t mind that he offered it to her without telling me first. Well it’s pretty much been a disaster and she’s been here a month. Here’s some of what I deal with: - honestly gave up on trying to get her off her damn phone - she only works 3 maybe 4 days a week for a few hours, but you can bet she will call off late notice for one of those -she’s careless, drops things or steps on them and then laughs it off thinking she’s being cute -we don’t have a uniform. Just jeans and whatever t shirt you can move around in. Jessica, idk why you think wearing a crop top to work is appropriate.  -moves so slow -other manager (a good friend of mine) can’t stand her, says I need to just get rid of her.   I’ve told my husband I can’t take it anymore. He insists she only needs to be hired through the summer and she will leave after. I guess she is a big daddy’s girl and is an angel in the eyes of my husbands boss. I’ve tried to talk to her, but nothing seems to work. Like I’d almost rather pay her to Not come in if I have to pay her.
765	2	Was a subcontractor. People went to my employer, my employer matched me with clients, I made an hourly rate plus tips and my employer took a cut. The problem was the employer didn’t do proper coding on the website so someone was able to acquire everyone’s personal data including credit card info and social security numbers. They shut down the website for 2 days leaving workers abandoned and without support. Then they cut the phone line support and never reinstated it 2 months later. When I complained to them about this they kept saying “I’m sorry you feel that way”which is the definition of a non-apology apology: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Non-apology_apology. Finally I lost my patience and told them off, they fired me.
81	2	Growing up my grandpa owned a bar in a small town. He also had a bar in his basement where we used to all hang out as kids while the grownups were upstairs getting tipsy. The basement was also where my depression era grandpa kept a safe with a lot of cash in it and a ledger where he would keep track of the balance.   I was pretty young at the time but I remember my mom telling me that my grandpa had disowned my uncle and cut him out of his will because had stolen 10k out of the safe. They  were sure it was him because he would take a couple thousand out and write it in the ledger to make it look like my grandpa had written it, but it was “his handwriting.”  Fast forward to my grandpa dying and leaving my uncle out of the will (his inheritance went to his kids instead.) Fast fast forward to my uncle dying of cancer about 5 years after my grandpa. Fast fast fast forward to my mom dying about 10 years later. This is where I learned the truth.  My brother casually told me that it was never my uncle who stole the money. It was him two and two of my sisters. They spent the money on whatever they wanted - drugs, alcohol, toys - and never told anyone except... my mom.  My mom had known and never told anyone because she didn’t want the shame of her kids being responsible. My grandpa died hating his son for something he didn’t do, my uncle died knowing he was innocent and never being vindicated, and my mom died never telling a soul.   2 of the 3 siblings involved have grown up to be wonderful, responsible, successful people. I have since talked to them and they seriously regret it and have a lot of guilt about it. The other is still a POS who would probably still deny it.
788	3	Today I had been looking forward to the qualifying for the Formula 1 this weekend, and was browsing Reddit whilst also watching some older Formula 1 footage on YouTube. So it got me wondering, “Some of these races used to really get me super excited for them, now they’re just boring and far too controlled”. So I posed the question to /r/Formula1 to ask their opinions also. Shortly after posting, it transpired that the way I had asked the question could be perceived as...A little...’Hitlerish’. Check out the link below ~~smash that subscri~~. It somehow grabbed the attention of many people, and managed to get to #1 of /r/all and now my inbox is broken. Unfortunately for me, I am very anally retentive with things such as e-mails, texts, etc. that I must open every single one. It would actually play on my mind so badly that I wouldn’t be able to sleep if I didn’t open them, so I must open and read EVERY GODDAMN COMMENT. Probably the worst thing to have to feel the need to do if you plan on making it to the front page. I thought it was slowing down, because it got to a point where I was reading messages faster than they were coming, and the number of notifications was going down. But then, ~everything changed when the fire nat~~ USA woke up. And I’ve been playing catch-up ever since. Took an opportunity to make this post since the message count was less than 100. Let’s see what I go back to now...  Link: https://www.reddit.com/r/formula1/comments/bnaceq/if_you_could_eliminate_a_race_within_the_year/  TL;DR - Made a post asking a question, worded it wrong and now everyone thinks I’m a racist bastard.
954	2	we are fraternal twins and i’m female. (we are very close for reference)  the other night, my brother and i went on a walk and he told me he slept with my ex girlfriend and plans to do it again.  now, he often tells me things i would PAY not to hear, and this was not only gross and weird, i think it’s kinda fucked up? my ex and i have been broken up for about 2 years, but we had a very long and very intense relationship. my twin brother knew everything that went down and saw how depressed i got when she dumped me. i told him i wasn’t mad because we haven’t been together for a while now and it’s not my place to be mad, but i definitely am. i’m mostly kind of depressed to be honest, but also mad that he would do that so easily? he’s pretty emotionally constipated but he’s not stupid. i feel bad for saying i wasn’t upset when i actually am, and i’m ignoring my brother right now for my own sake. he’s confused and worried and offering to make me food and i’ve locked my door and am not talking to him. i’m not trying to be dramatic and i’m trying not to interfere with his life. AITB for lying about my feelings, not telling him what’s wrong and ignoring him?
154	2	My mother died when I was 16. My dad married another woman two years later.  My grandparents, my dad's parents, HATE my stepmother. I really don't like her either.  Even after my half-siblings were born, my grandparents never warmed up to her.  My grandparents are quite wealthy. My father has been banking on this inheritance for a while. He has even been not paying into his retirement because he's so sure that he will inherit the millions.  I just found out on Saturday that I'm getting the majority of my grandparents estate. My father is getting a token amount of $50000 so he can't dispute it.  My grandparents made me promise not to give out any money after and I intend to keep  my word.  But I do feel really guilty that my father just spends his money as it's coming in because he's relying on money he won't get.  I also found out my dad is in a lot of debt.  AITA for not telling him?
507	2	My ex and I were together for five years. We broke up in late 2014. Her little sister and I attend the same university (she's doing her degree and I'm doing my post-doc), so we occasionally see each other. We're not particularly close so most of the time we just smile and nod as we walk past each other and sometimes we exchange a few words. However 4 weeks ago we were both getting lunch in the food court and we struck up a conversation. We ate lunch together and we exchanged numbers because I agreed to give her some of my notes.   Later that night i sent her some of my notes. A few days after that she asked if I could help her understand some things. We talked over skype but we were having trouble communicating so I agreed to go to her apartment to help her the following morning. We wound up having sex that morning and then again a few days later. We both enjoyed our time together and we agreed to continue doing it on a regular basis.   She is a little young but she is beautiful and I really like her. I'm a little confused because I'm not sure whether what I'm doing is wrong or not... I'm also not sure if my ex would be upset or whether she would just brush it aside. We're both in agreement that our relationship is casual and that we will keep it private but I am a little worried about her sister finding out. [Conflicted]
490	3	... in Minecraft, thankfully!  My 6 year old LOVES Minecraft.  After much pushing, his Grandmother (with my brother's assistance) finally joined him on in a Creative mode game.  He's been looking forward to this for weeks, and even woke up at 6:30 buzzing about what he'd make with Grandma H that day.  Other kids are getting excited for Christmas, but hey, each to their own!  As long as he's happy!  The multiplayer Minecraft went really smooth.  Together he and Grandma H built a large wooden pirate ship.  It had TNT based cannons, far too many parrots, and even a skull on the sail.  Honestly I'm pretty impressed!  When it was time for Grandma to leave to make supper, I reached to switch focus to Discord and hang up.  Unfortunately I caused a single click.  And he had flint and steel selected.  Facing a wall.  Which lit on fire.  Before I knew what was happening, the fire started to spread like, well, fire!  We tried to put it out via clicking furiously and dumping water, but it spread aggressively fast.  And then a TNT cannon exploded.  And then his dog (that he apparently tamed at the beginning of the session?  I didn't even know that was a thing) died in the explosion.  We re-built the ship as best we could, but 3 days later and he'll still randomly go up to me and say "Daddy, its RUDE to kill peoples dog's in Minecraft!" while giving the most intense furled brow glare.  **TLDR: Accidentally burned down my 6 year old's Minecraft pirate ship and killed his virtual pet :(**  (edit, formatting)
943	2	My best friend and I (both 21f) recently got into an argument. The whole thing is utterly stupid and got out of hand.  Basically she got upset by a joke I made and when I apologised she called me childish and passive aggressive. I tried to talk about it but she shut me up completely and refused to listen to my side or acknowledge my feelings.  (If you wanna know what happened exactly there's a post in my post history)  If this was a one off I'd let it go but it's a reoccurring pattern and I'm honestly sick of it. She won't come to me because she never does I has always been up to me to mend thing no matter who was at fault or if we both were. But this time I won't.   This brings me to the part where I might be TB. My birthday is next weekend. I have invited a few friends to my house for tea and drinks.  Everyone who's invited just knows the date and what the plan is but I told them that I'd make a group chat closer to the date with more info (time, if anyone has dietary restrictions etc). So my friend obviously knows about this too. But we haven't really talked since and she has shown no effort to talk about things so I'm thinking I might just not put her in the group. If she wants to come she still can, she knows the date and even the time so she's more than welcome to show up. The reason I'm thinking about not putting her in the group chat is mainly because I'm tired of always having to pretend like I'm not hurt by her actions.  But at the same time I think this might be crazy.   So tell me, AITB for not putting my friend in the group chat.
383	1	A couple years ago I downloaded the Starbucks app and signed up for the membership to save my card and orders and such. After signing up, you get a coupon in your email for a free coffee of any make/size. At first, I didn’t know you had to load it to the app after ordering, so when I went up to the counter and ordered my usual venti caramel Frappuccino with an extra pump caramel and extra caramel drizzle. I proceeded to show the barista the code I had in the email, and he said, “it has to be loaded onto the app.” I honestly had no clue how to use the code, but instead of going through the whole process on the app, he just let me have the free drink. I took this knowledge and used it on other Starbucks throughout my town for almost a year. Now, I’m not a total dirtbag because everytime I got a free drink, I’d buy a square of lemon cake and leave a couple dollar tip. :)
431	2	You were so full of life. You could run and I mean RUN so fast. You came into my life when I least expected it. I was shocked to be honest, I couldn’t believe what was happening. You touched my shoulder and I whispered to myself, “what the fuck was that.” Then I saw you and I grabbed the nearest shoe and I ended your life, you disgusting fucking creepy crawler! How will I sleep knowing a fucking spider just took a stroll across my arm?!
607	3	This happened several months ago, but the aftermath of this FU haunts me almost every day at work. It was a normal day of work, and one of the gals I work with wore a lime green shirt and bright pink pants (totally different from the normal black and blue I see all the time). I remember seeing her early on in the day and thinking she looked ready for spring/summer, but thought nothing more at the time. Later in the day, I was walking down a hall when she turned the corner, and in an effort to avoid the normal "How are you today," I instead blurted out the first thing that came to mind...which was "Hey! You look like a watermelon today!" My heart sank as I instantly realized our work relationship would never be the same, and I had possibly permanently scarred her tender heart. She looked both surprised and horrified at what I had said, and passed by without saying anything. We've barely spoken since then, probably because she's worried what kind of fruit I'm going to call her next. She has not worn the same colors together since.   TL;DR: I called a female co-worker a watermelon after she wore green and pink to work. Her self-esteem was clearly hurt, and our work relationship remains awkward as ever.
465	2	My girlfriends family all tested positive for covid and despite that, they still went out anyways because they just don’t care. My girlfriend didn’t know they tested positive for covid. They kept it a secret from her. But today she overheard her mom talking to the doctor on the phone because her brother was having breathing problems. I told my girlfriend they all have to quarantine and they refuse to do it.  I’m at risk too because they basically hid from me that they had the virus and I’m exposed. My mom is immunocomprimised and they know that. Now I’m getting tested for covid and I just started a new job.  This really fucks things up but also shows how inconsiderate her family is. I was expressing how mad I was and his family was like “oh well it’s not a big deal it’s not like it was deadly.” They don’t listen to the rules at all and don’t have any respect.  So I’ve decided I can’t trust my girlfriends family. She’s upset I can’t trust them and won’t be sympathetic that maybe they were embarrassed but I can’t with this. They deliberately hid it and refuse to isolate or even wear a mask and they KNOW they all have covid.  Am I being too hard on them? Should I be more easy on them? I think not. But if I’m wrong tell me.
345	2	Technically yesterday and not today, but YIFU sounds like some odd anime genre so...  So it's summer, which means my 6yo daughter goes to summer camp. I was dropping her off at about 8ish and I was also going to drop my dog off at doggie daycare because the gardeners are coming today and they don't appreciate her trying to protect them from those murderous rakes and lawnmowers. For the record, the dog is a 13 year old black lab / pit bull mix.  Anyway, stopped at the summer camp. My daughter grabbed the dog's leash and walked her to the drop off desk to show her to her friends. I signed my daughter in and then I.... just drove off. In my defense, well, I got nothing. Honestly, I just forgot the dog there.  So my wife picks up our daughter in the afternoon and is quite surprised to find the dog there with her. Apparently, the dog (and the kids) had a great day at summer camp. I now have pictures of my dog participating in such activities as "paint a rock" (she did not do very well on this one), "learning about dinosaurs" (did not participate) and "digging for fossils" (which was right in her sweet spot of digging bones out of dirt). She also enjoyed water activities and apparently stole some snacks. She got a free shirt and we got a picture of her wearing the shirt with her camp team wearing identical shirts. All in all, could have gone worse.  TL;DR - Dropped dog off at kiddie summer camp by mistake. Dog had a great time and I think she's now a camp counselor.
852	1	Yesterday night, me and my GF decided to go out to eat. She is vegan and I’m not. This was her first day going vegan. When we were asking for our for our food, I asked if I could have a meal that is basically Steak, Asparagus, and Rice, My girlfriend was offended that I would eat meat on her first day vegan. I told her I’m not vegan and I can order whatever I want, but she wouldn’t listen. AITA in this situation?
764	1	[No Regrets] He was such a jerk about anything that he didn't want to do, and would never make an effort to get to know my family or friends. So, when I'd leave for the weekend to spend time with my family. I'd boil up some eggs and our dogs would eat'em up. They LOVED eggs, and their farts would be off the chain bad.
463	1	So basically me and a mate got into a discussion about tracer in overwatch (a bit late I know but I don't play the game). We got onto the discussion of tracer being outed as lesbian and disagree over whether it was the right thing to do or not. He says yes because it exposes the public to gays and makes them more accepted in mainstream media. I said that if you want to increase acceptance of gays, making a deal of someone being gay or straight is just increasing the alienation by making it into something special and different so it should just be left ambiguous unless it is necessary to the story (eg if the character is married, then you obviously need to decide their sexuality). And if that does happen, don't have an 'announcement' for it, just let it happen. I don't think I'm the ass here, am I?
503	3	Was high so quite disoriented in my thinking. Anyone who has been in this state knows that certain bad ideas seem like GREAT ideas at the time.   On this particular night I wanted to light a joint but had no lighter and it was seriously late so couldn't leave my room to get one. Our dorm room we're only equipped with a microwave and fridge. With the microwave in mind, I remembered that I had a few times accidentally put metal in the microwave and it had caught a small fire which I could easily extinguish. I had aluminum foil and thought it'd be genius to put a little bit in the microwave and quickly let it light and then use the flame to light the joint.   So I go to carry out my 'master' plan. And my microwave fully blows up in my face and my smoke alarm goes off, evacuating the whole building, and giving me a $1500 fine because the fire department were contacted.   And I still never got to smoke my joint (though when the flames were raging full considered just smoking it while the alarm blared)    Though upside was we got new microwaves because I blamed it on the shit quality appliances we have   'TL;DR tried to light joint using aluminum foil in a microwave, which blows up, causes evacuation, gets $1500 fine, and no joint was smoked ;(
162	2	My BF has always been a bit of a health-geek -something he doesn't force on me to be clear!- eating mainly vegetables, fruits, lentils, beans and rice. He's vegetarian and lactose intolerant, but he also doesn't like eating things like eggs, coffee, oil, sweet things, junk food, etc. Gym 5 times a week.   That's healthy and smart and doesn't matter to me but now that we've started living together it's gotten a bit more difficult than you do you, I do me. He talks about nutrition a lot and it's started te make me self conscious when cooking for us both: no eggs. No oil for cooking. No dairy products, even for myself because soy's healthier. No eating out bacause it's expensive and not even that good. I've started to feel guilty about eating things like chocolate in front of him. Now, he's also cut out drinking alcohol, something we both don't do that often, but something that I really enjoy doing together.   Now, I don't start fights over this, and I kind of feel that this annoyance stems from jealousy of being able to live so healthy on my part. We do tons of other fun stuff together. But is it fair to feel like it's ruining the fun a little bit? Or am I just an insecure asshole?
542	3	This did happen today. My grandmother is really superstitious about stuff. She doesn't eat certain kinds of food on certain days of the week and other such things. One of her main superstitions revolves around the layout of the house. She says that no one should sleep with their heads pointing north. So she keeps changing the position of my bed when I am away for work. When I come back, I reposition it my way so that I don't get sunlight on my face early morning.  Today, she was repositioning the room while I was there which annoyed me. So I took out my phone and opened the compass app to show her that I was not sleeping with my head pointing north at all. Infact I was pointing east . I instantly realised that she has been sleeping with her bed pointing north. And she has been sleeping on that bed for around 30 years. I pointed it out to her. I thought she would take it lightly. Oh man I was wrong. I fucked up biig time. She lost herself. She started pulling out the blueprint of the house and her old compass. I am looking at her old compass right now and I can say it doesn't seem right at all. I think I will have to fix this issue today itself. She is 90 and quiet hard to talk to cause her hearing isn't great. How stupid am I.   TL;DR : I fucked up by showing my grandmother that she was sleeping with her bed pointing north which she is strictly against cause of her superstitious beliefs. She did not take it well .
17	2	Back in grade school when I was about 10 I stole $40 from my mothers purse to use whenever I wanted to buy something. Once I got to school that day though I saw one of the other kids had a can of dill pickle Pringles which are still my absolute favorite to this day. So my stupid 10year old self gave him all $40 for that single and enjoyed every single of those delicious fuckers.   When I came to school the next day though the same kid I bought the Pringles from, gave me back the $40 while crying because apparently his mom screamed at him to give it back and now he couldn’t buy candy with it because his mom wouldn’t let him keep it. I held on to that money for a couple days until my mom started looking around and asking if I had seen the money laying around since it wasn’t in her purse, so once I realized how I’d get my ass beat if she found out I hid it under the couch and ‘found’ it about 30 minutes later. I never got caught but still look back on it and laugh that I essentially got some Pringles for free from the whole ordeal.
550	3	   So as per usual this didn't happen today but last Saturday night/early Sunday morning.  Anyway, a group of friends and I decided it would be a great idea to go out dressed as cops and robbers on a bar crawl. The robbers would be handcuffed at all times to another said Cop. It was actually a great night and went on until the early hours of Sunday morning.  At around 4am I get dropped off in my home town, just down the road from my house. This is when i notice quite a commotion coming from one of the shops near my house. The burglars had smashed through one of the windows and by the time I got to the burgled outdoor clothes shop, they were running down the street clutching thousands of pounds worth of coats and clothes. My stupid, inebriated self decided to inspect the shop while dressed in my bright orange convict costume (See costume - [https://imgur.com/a/dke4Lda](https://imgur.com/a/dke4Lda) ). This made me look suspicious af, and furthermore I was certainly seen on CCTV approaching the shop.  A few days pass, then I notice our local paper has printed a story about the robbery, mentioning police are looking for two men dressed in dark clothing and another dressed in a orange boiler suit!  I have now contacted the police and let them know my side of the story, so luckily I'm off the hook!  [**TL;DR**](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/wiki/flairs#wiki_tl.3Bdr)**: Dressed as a convict, walked past a burglary, got suspected of being involved in said burglary**
999	3	My S/O is one of those people that suddenly decided to jog right after the lockdown has occurred, like before now, she has not really exercised since secondary/high school.   I scolded her because she was stubborn about using it as a reason to go out which only increases her and her family's chance of getting covid19. Especially with the situation getting more serious very well be not just jeopardizing her safety and health but also that of her family and parents who are getting on with their age and with immune systems not as strong.  Am i the asshole? Am i too controlling or insensitive towards her feelings?  Edit: she has also told me about her having interactions with strangers on her jog that asked her to wear masks. And honestly that's kinda dumb? like she won't be able to breathe properly if she did that. But that's another story.  Edit: Thanks guys, you guys calling me out was just what i needed to see things from another perspective and realise how much of an asshole i was.
775	2	He has been my patient for two years now. He comes in once a month, sometimes more if something is going on. It's not like I've purposefully fantasized about him or anything but he is very handsome and successful and it's impossible not to notice. When you combine that with the fact that he tells me personal things that no one else knows, it just creates this level of intimacy between us.  We live in the same neighbourhood so we occasionally see each other when we're out and about. The night before last we ran into each other at the post office. We talked while we waited in line and after that we had a coffee together. When he asked me if I wanted to go back to his place I agreed. I honestly don't even know why; I just wasn't thinking straight. We had a glass of wine and then we wound up having sex.  I feel so guilty and I don't know what to do. The worst part is that I can't stop thinking about him.   [Remorse]
504	1	I like people. I like cats. I like making people feel good about themselves, and when it involves cats, all the better.  Whenever I have a friend over, I dump a cat in their lap. When she eventually curls up and starts purring, I tell them "oh, she's never done that before on someone new!" or "you must be really good with animals, she never does that to me!"  I like seeing the smile on the person's face.
882	2	So my family are conservative muslims and I'm a closet atheist. I'm also secretly engaged to a white, non muslim guy. I would get disowned if I came clean about this and it would be ever worse if I came clean whilst living under their roof.  My life isn't sustainable anymore and I want to move in with my fiance and actually have freedom (currently I have an evening curfew, I'm not allowed to stay round anyone's house and I have to wear modest clothing, pray and read the Quran) as well as not having to pretend I'm a muslim. If I don't leave now then I'll never be able to leave and I'll have to break up with my fiance and I'll end up in an arranged marriage to a muslim guy.  This sort of thing - leaving your family for a white non muslim/being an atheist is pretty much the worst thing I could do. Someone last year in the community did the same thing and my family went on about how awful, disgusting and trashy it was and how miserable she'd made her family.  I don't feel like I'm doing anything wrong but the muslim community and years of religion and culture tells me otherwise.
458	1	Roommate "Mike" got drunk last weekend and something pissed him off. He decided to [punch through a big pane](https://i.imgur.com/C8p59Al.jpg) of glass in our building entrance to let off some steam (??) and had to go to the ER to get bandaged up.   He tried to hide it from us but some local cops knocked on our door telling us blood led to our apartment a few floors up and asked if I knew anything. They didn't believe me when I said I didn't (at the time I had no idea where Mike was or that he had anything to do with the door) but left anyway.  Mike gets home with his arm bandaged up and I ask him if he's going to reach out to the landlord to take responsibility and offer to pay for damages and cleanup. He says he "doesn't want to" a few times and walks out of the room. We haven't talked much since.  Last night he said he wanted me to apologize to him for asking him to reach out to the landlord. Am I an asshole for asking that and not wanting to apologize to him?   EDIT: Forgot to finish a sentence.
945	2	2 days ago, I was in a group chat with my friends (note, there the kind of people who have “Emily 12(BLM) &lt;3”, this will be important later.) The conversation was leaning towards fishing and an Asian kid (let's call him R) in the chat said that white people (my ethnicity) don’t know how to fish and do it all wrong. Now, this kind of hurt my feelings as I myself fish and (somewhat) enjoy it. So out of impulse I spit back “well Asian people don’t know how to fish either.” Now after I said that I responded, “Yeah, racism isn’t that cool isn’t it, let's not do that.” But nobody saw it as a wave of messages calling me racist and homophobic (-how did that even show up?) flooded the group chat. I clarified I was only being racist because R was being racist, for lack of better words- taste of his own medicine, but they all started to rebuttal that you can't be racist against white people. Which (in my opinion) is wrong, the definition of racism is discrimination against someone based on their ethnicity. So, R was being racist. Yet, I was getting ganged up on by friends that I knew for over a year and a half. Racial equality is not just being racist towards white people, it's no discrimination at all.  I talked to my mom about it, and she said to just take a break from the discord, which I did. I did cut contact with all the people against me. But I’ll just ask the masses and see if I was wrong or right. I don’t want to be the asshole here, but I’ll try and fix my mistakes if I am. Thanks.  &amp;#x200B;  Yep, ETB. I have apologized to the people involved and will try to be better, thanks reddit! :)
626	1	I'm a History teacher and in my class (12 - 13 yo) there's this little prick that always makes a lot of noise, keeps touching other kids and employees and makes mean jokes about everyone. He is constantly trying to make my life, and the life of his classmates hell thinking he is funny or something.  Yesterday he destroyed his group project, causing everyone in his group to fail. (Although I'm giving more time for the rest of his group to re-make all of their lost work)  I already tried calling his mom, the bitch defends her precious son that "would never do such bad things, he's such a sweetie".   Today I was walking to the teachers room to grab my coffee and I saw the kid being dragged to a corner, I knew what was going on the moment I saw it and I just ignored what I saw and kept going my way.  The kid got fucked up and had to go home early while every soul at the class is silent shut about any "suspects" but I believe that everyone in the class knew about this for some time now.  I personally feel no remorse nor I plan to advance or help on the "investigation". I just pretend nothing happened and gave my lecture as always.
309	2	Yesterday a mutual friend came over and gave her a gift of a Toblerone from his holiday in Switzerland. She agreed I could have some so I did. She's out for a for days and my temptation got the best of me, so I ate the rest of an almost full packet.  She has a habit of leaving food out to spoil, so I assumed it was all good to eat, but she sent me a message to make sure that there's some of the chocolate left for her. Fuck, it was already gone, so I've just rushed to the shop to get a new one in expectance that I'm a dead man when she gets back.   She once flipped out at me for eating her year old decorative pasta, so I'm not taking chances.  Toblerone is replaced - with even more than there was previously. Not sure if I should put it in the Swiss packaging or apologize and just tell her that I bought I new one. For now I'm keeping quiet, like a parent discovering the dead goldfish and doing the ol' switcheroo. I'm in the UK btw, so the recipe is exactly the same as the one's in Switzerland.  AITA?  Also, she religiously reads this sub, so if she comes across this - G, I love you and I hope you forgive me like you did with the pasta.
848	1	I (26F) recently attended a small Christmas event with family friends and my family, and I was having a conversation with my mum (50s) and other women her age. The topic got onto their children and dating and one of my mum’s friends (who doesn’t know I’m in a relationship) joked that maybe she should introduce her son (who was not present) to me. I laughed and said that would be nice but I’ve already got a boyfriend. She said “ahh I see OK” and continued on without incident. The conversation continued on and I left the group after a couple minutes to grab some food.   My mum came over to me and said that I was rude for saying that I have a boyfriend, and that in their culture having a boyfriend means that you are single, you are only considered to be in a relationship if you’re married. She then said that they were just joking and that I ruined the mood. She then turned around and left, I was honestly too stunned to react because her logic made no sense. I was also confused because I didn’t actually ruin the mood at all in my eyes, the conversation continued on, there was no awkward silence, the mother who said it was still smiling and joking. I don’t understand what she wanted me to do or say as an alternative, considering I am actually in a happy relationship and have been for 4 years.   AITA for saying that I have a boyfriend and potentially ruining the mood?  EDIT: Thanks guys!! I’ve really appreciated all your perspectives, and am quite glad to hear that I’m not the only one who has experienced someone with her views on relationships, and also be reassured that I’m not going crazy. Best to all of yall!
428	1	Hi everyone, so today marks 100lbs or 45kg of weight loss from my officially highest recorded weight. I wouldn’t be surprised if I had actually hit that milestone a few pounds ago, because sadly 248lbs or 112.5kg wasn’t enough of a wake up call for me.   But today I stepped on the scale at 147.6lbs or 67kg.   I wish I could share my weight loss success with more people, but I was never honest about my true weight. And because the people in my life aren’t overweight, I don’t think they have an accurate idea of the real weight I was carrying. But I definitely wasn’t someone who “carried it well” either.   I still would like to lose another 10-15lbs by the end of the year, but we’ll see. (For reference I’m 5’7.5 and 24F)  Thanks for letting me confess.
264	2	Whenever we go to my bf’s parents house for dinner it’s always the same routine.   His mother does all the cooking by herself.  Then sets the table, by herself.  Then we eat and his father and him go into the other room and have a drink or two while his mother clears the table and does the dishes, again by herself.     It’s bothered me from the start.  I mentioned it to my boyfriend once and he said that it’s just the way his family has always done it and it’s how they prefer it.   Yeah right, I’m sure his mother really loves doing all the work of dinner alone.    Well tonight I decided to say something.  When dinner was finished he and his dad got up and I said why don’t we all pitch in for clean up.  His father actually asked why.  I said because it’s pretty sexist to expect “mother’s name” to do all the work for dinner and then clean up while the men have a drink.  No one really said anything for a few seconds until his mother “joked” saying she’d never eat off a plate the “father’s” name washed.    So I dropped it.  I figured it was worth a shot, but whatever.  When my boyfriend and I got into his car he said to me, “I really hope that was worth it.” And then wouldn’t say another word to me the entire ride home.  He seemed to get over it later on in the night, but now I’m second guessing myself.  It’s 2am and I can’t sleep because I can’t stop thinking I did something wrong.  I really thought what I tried to do was reasonable, but now I’m not sure.
364	3	I lost my late-girlfriend on 9/11 when TWC towers collapsed (she was on the 67th floor). I had no calls or texts from her, all I hope is that her last moments were painless and fearless. This year I suffered a near-death accident. After it, I did a lot of looking back on my life...and having lost family and friends in tragic ways I decided to stop taking things for granted and began cherishing the people I am close with.   So for this year, I posted a tribute for my late-girlfriend onto my FB. It was just 4 pictures (1 of her, 2 of us holding hands/hugging, and 1 of us in her office when she first got hired). I wasn't too over-romantic, but said "I'll always miss you, and you will always be a big part of who I am. I hope you are proud of me."  A few hours later though my wife texted me and was furious. She asked if I  loved her or if I wanted to get a divorce. She told me it was slap her in face to post my ex onto my FB. Of course I love my wife more than anything, and my intentions were not to harm her in anyway, so I felt guilty and took down the post. Was I out of line here? I genuinely didn't mean to hurt my wife, I just wanted people to know what a great person my late-GF was.
55	2	So for context, I’m spending some time abroad and my days usually consist of walking to the train station to ride to various cities, spending the day exploring, then taking the train back to the house of the family friends I’m staying with. I’m female and I turned 18 fairly recently and I’m traveling alone. Usually on the train to and from wherever I’m going, I just sit quietly by myself and listen to music. Sometimes I’ll fix my hair in the reflection of the window but that’s it. I don’t do anything to attract attention, so I get annoyed when random men start conversations with me. Don’t get me wrong, if someone is just trying to ask the time or what stop the train is at, I’ll gladly answer, but I don’t like having full blown conversations. In addition, I purposely try to make myself less approachable by wearing headphones and not looking anyone in the eye. If someone does start a conversation with me, I don’t have the guts to tell them to leave me alone but I act very vague and dismissive with my responses as well as cut the conversation off as soon as I can. I know that this is typical asshole behavior but I feel justified in doing it because I don’t feel obligated to have conversations with strangers on the train. I’m not antisocial or anything, I love the idea of meeting new people, but it makes me mad when random men on public transit try to start lengthy conversations with me when my actions/body language make it clear I want to be left alone. Also just to clarify, I’m not trying to sound sexist, I would be just as annoyed if a woman did this, but so far I’ve only had this experience with men.
157	3	So today I sold my bitcoin I bought 2 years ago I spent like $100 on the investment or something, I cashed it out at a bitcoin atm and brought it home the first thing I did to celebrate was buy some edibles. I buy some edibles eat a whole brownie and am out of it, I order some pizza and take some money from my wad and put it in a pile on the table next to me total was like 20 so I put 23.  Since I'm high af the pizza delivery girl knocks I grab the wad of all the money not the $23 stack. I give it to her and she starts crying she keeps saying are you sure you dont know how much this I'd going to help me. Freaked out and high I say okay and just rush inside.  Right now after waking up being passed out I realize what I've done, gave away my bill money for this month lol.  TL;DR - I tipped my pizza delivery driver $1100 while high on brownie edibles by accident and have no money to pay for my Bill's now
939	1	I was casually chatting with my parents about how insane wedding costs are these days. I am not planning on getting married any time soon, but I told them that my wedding would be only a three hours tops, a brunch affair at a botanical garden, with mimosas, bacon buffet, cereal bar and, make your own waffle station and  omelettes to order. This has  my plan for years as the place and food is inexpensive, but I love it   My mom replied to my sharing this dream of mine: "Oh, that sounds good, I should do that for your sister". She was very serious when she said it.  I honestly felt like her reaction was a slap in the face. I didnt react well. I angrily said "why would you say something like that?! Thats awful and insensitive." My mom burst out crying because she felt attacked.  My sister is more conventially attractive than me, and already has a kid. She isnt engaged, yet, but she and her boyfriend have talked about marriage and will probably do it by next year.  On the other hand, out of four sisters, I am the only one who made it to her 20th birthday  without getting knocked up. I have a long distance boyfriend, but I have less...experience than my younger sister with guys. My parents routinely talk as if I am never gonna have kids.  Part of me feels like its basic girl code, you dont even joke about stealing someones dream wedding. But maybe I overreacted?  I know this sounds stupid and trivial and immature, but am I the buttface?
689	2	So a bit of backstory, today was my birthday and I decided to invite the whole family over for a meal at my favourite restaurant. Everything was going great and I was having a blast, my Brother said that he had bought a cake for me. He says that he is going to go and get it but my sister chimes is and says she needs to go get something first and we decide alright, we will wait a bit.  My sister goes to her car and comes back with 2 balloons and a plain white cake. I thought they were for me so I was obviously happy. She then says that because everyone was here and all together she wanted to make an announcement. She said that she is finally having a baby and wants to do a mini gender reveal party. Everyone cheers and whoops and is happy for her, I was happy aswell. She then cuts the cake and hands it around (turned out to be a boy). Everyone forgot about me and not a single soul spoke to me in the 2 hours we were still there for. We didn’t even cut the cake that my brother bought.  When we got home I texted my sister basically saying how I didn’t think it was right that she did all of this at the party that i organised and payed for. I said that she could have at least told me before hand. She text back calling me selfish and that I should be happy. My mum and extended family are all saying the same thing. The only person that supports me is my brother.
421	1	So my son actually said we should post this and see. My son and DIL are currently staying with us, hopefully for a very limited period of time, because she is driving me insane. Yesterday DIL walked into my bedroom without knocking and was super offended because she saw my husband naked. Now technically she should have knocked, but she was returning my hair straightener and I'm not that offended. The issue is she was offended by seeing my husband naked and wanted us to apologize to her.  My husband laughed in her face and said he'll stand in our room naked if he wants. I told her she should apologize for barging in, and let it go. DIL keeps bringing it up and saying how uncomfortable it made her and how we should care more about her "emotional health" That just made my husband laugh again, so currently there is a lot of tension in the house.  My son said he is on our side, but for the sake of having peace he wants me, not even his dad, but me to apologize. I told him his wife is ridiculous and he said i can't say that because "I just can't." So i told him that i think she is dumb and a prude. DIL doesn't know i called her that, but she is still upset and called my husband a misogynist, for getting changed in his own bedroom.
524	1	I work on a federal installation and I get sick of religous people getting to wear crosses, preach at people and have bible verses all over their workspace. I feel it would hurt me if I complained to management as they're all Christian too. There's one lady in particular that leaves a stack of "devoutional" pamphlets every month in the breakroom, and gave me a dirty look when I politely rejected the first one she tried to give me when I started there. So when no one else is in there I take the stack and toss it in the trashcan.
755	1	This may sound weird. But I have 10 forks, 10 knives, and 10 spoons. I also have 3 steak knives, and 20 handkerchiefs.   I have acquired all of this in the last year that I lived in my apartment by myself. I don’t make that much money, and I just go out to eat, and take 1-2 forks. And I wash them when I get home. That’s it. That’s my confession.  Okay bye. Sorry to Texas Roadhouse and Outback Steakhouse restaurants.
398	3	This happened yesterday.  As a running joke in my family, whenever I receive scam calls (insurance, IRS, etc.) I go out of my way to keep them on the phone as long as possible (this is all being done on speaker, of course). After wasting as long of time as they let me, I tell them to stop wasting people's time or worse, depending on their reaction to being messed with.  Yesterday was my girlfriends first real opportunity to do it herself. A fake car insurance company (masquerading as a local town number, obvious scam) started with a robo call, transferring to an "agent". This is where things got interesting. Having received these calls before, we have prepared fake names we can say confidently, along with a real car: make, model and year. Everything went as planned, acts of confusion while discussing policy made for many extra minutes of the scammers call, along with successfully making the scammer explain what each payment plan would require. Upon asking for the card, she went in for the kill. Admittedly, she could have done it more politely.  Since yesterday, her phone has received constant harrassment, from infinite restricted calls, and upon blocking restricted calls, constant calls from numbers with fake area codes have followed, making the phone useless. A simple free change of the phone number has resolved this issue, but a hell of a headache for standing up to criminals nonetheless.  TL;DR Girlfriend messes with scammer following in my footsteps, gets infinite phone calls, making phone junk till changing number.
547	2	Caught my wife cheating on me with her manager three weeks ago. After they broke off contact, they remained texting "as friends." She told him that she wouldn't tell on him because she didnt want to be responsible for him losing his career, and told me not to report it.  Fast forward a week later, I went out of state and when I came back, they  had met up "one last time." Which destroyed my whole world all over again and I emailed their legal and hr departments about them both. Now my wife thinks I went way out of line by putting both their jobs at risk.
887	1	I worked at Walmart for 5 years as a cashier and hated working there. I would “forget to scan” an item from every customer. I never did it for self-gain, but to hurt the company. I did this for 4 years and was never caught. I would always “forget to scan” a $1-3 item which would  generally go unnoticed by the customer. In the case that a customer noticed I played the “whoops” card and charged them.
723	1	So, I taught myself morse code, I thought it was really cool and that I could put it to use. I wrote on my hand “Test to see if you understand this.” In morse code on an evaluation, the teacher thought it was art and let it slide, so did it again, and again, and again none of my teachers got suspicious so I kept on doing it. (I was twelve.) I still do it to this day.
487	1	I see it as a test. If they are chill about it and don't spam me, I reply the next day in the lines of "sorry for the late reply, I don't log too often"  If they start calling me a bitch for not responding or spamming me with messages, I unmatch. I feel like this is a pretty good way to filter out the rude/desperate/annoying guys.
261	1	I called the restaurant my boss was supposed to have her birthday party at and canceled it because she let me go without any notice.  I was an employee at this company for 10 years and brought in a ton of business for this woman.  Never had one smudge or blemish on my record.  Fuck you, Cathy, I hope your birthday was miserable!
620	2	I love my girlfriend and Im attracted to her. I think her body is cute but I want more attraction. I want her to naturally look the best she can. I also want her to feel more confident and we both agreed losing weight would help. Some say it’s wrong to tell a woman what to do with their body but being overweight is unhealthy and it can bring more problems for us down the line. I’ve tried different approaches to encourage her to go to the gym but she always makes me feel like an asshole for anything I say and god I hope she doesn’t find this post
539	2	Me and my wife moved from Ukraine in 1999. Her dad was a vicious alcoholic who lived in the same building as her and sold drugs out of his apartment. He beat her constantly. 6'5, brolic dude. He often had prostitutes over his apartment and would beat the shit out of them too. Nothing I could do physically to stop him, I am short and skinny.  I tried calling the police, nothing emerged from it. Likely paid them off. One day he broke my wifes nose. I decided to ask my cousin to fuck him up and threaten him and say that people heard he was beating up my wife, and that if he continued they would chop off his ear or something. Literally anything to stop the abuse. My cousin got 2 guys to do it, and when they went to go beat him up, he resisted, and they ended up stabbing him. He was in the hospital for 10 days, before he eventually passed away from the wound.   My wife was overwhelmed with joy, literally crying in happiness. I never told her what happened, I never told her it was me. She always assumed it was rival drug dealers. Even to this day, we live in America. Never told a single soul. Only my cousin knows.
514	1	My brother and sister are both really rude and mock me for a lot of my personal choice which have nothing to do with them. Considering I only see them for a few scattered days in the year and they still choose to spend most of the time insulting me I get really upset. They both have Apple like our mother ( who they live with) and I have Android. I often hide my mother's chargers (she has so many everywhere - in her car, laptop, bedroom, livingroom kitchen etc) so that when she discovers them gone she blames them. She then spends the next few hours furious with both of them and ignoring their requests. Gets me out of the spotlight and no one suspects me since I don't have any Apple products.
533	2	Years ago before I met my SO, he applied for the police academy in our town. He never heard from them to report for training, so he figured he wasn’t selected and moved on with the intention to try again later. Years pass, we meet, he builds a career in another field, we start a family. He hears that the PD is actively recruiting and he goes for the physical. He passes! I mention in passing to his mother that SO is considering joining the PD.   She pauses and says “Really?! You’d let him do that? I threw his acceptance letter in the trash when he applied the last time.” She begged me not to tell him. She was worried about her boy going into such a dangerous profession.   I told her “He can never know, and I wish I didn’t.” He would never forgive her.   The conflicted tag is for my feelings toward my MIL, who has been so kind, generous, and supportive and more like a mother to me than my own mother. I’m horrified and I love her despite her actions but I’m careful with what I share with her.
158	1	Half the threads are "AITA for having a perfectly consensual interaction with another adult, while a 3rd party disapproved?"   Most of the rest are "I said something mean to *Literally* Hitler. AITA?"  There are very few threads here that actually discuss real conundrums of assholery. It's just teenagers worrying about peer pressure, along with cries for validation from really pissed-off people.   AITA for thinking that posting here is nothing more than a giant symbol of insecurity?
559	1	I came back from a 6 week vacation, only to find my flower garden has been littered with cigarette butts. They all came from my neighbor. He's the only one that still smokes. I went to his house and politely asked him if he could clean them up. He told me to fuck off and then slammed the door in my face. Since everything was mixed in with the mulch, I had to get on my hands and knees and pick everything out by hand. Fucking 47 cigarette butts!  I've been mailing them back to him one by one, with a simple note "don't be an ass, pick up your trash." I've sent 26 so far.  his wife just came to my house and talked to my wife, she made a peace treaty she apologized on behalf of her husband. My wife is furious with the amount of pettiness that I have displayed, and told me that I need to stop.  I don't know if I can, I feel like I'm emotionally invested in this now. I mean he sent his wife to apologize to my wife. He didn't even have the decency to apologize to me man to man.
506	3	So last night I went on my first Tinder date since getting my dentures. I'm not an old man yet, but I did lose my front teeth in a bike accident 3 months ago. I was very self conscious about my dentures at first, but I've had time to get used to them. For the record, where I live the number of Covid cases aren't that high so I didn't really feel like I was being too irresponsible by going on a date.   Speaking of which, I was really feeling this girl and it seemed like she was feeling me too. We ended up in my car, vibing to Post Malone when one thing led to another and we started kissing. It was all sexy and shit until my dentures detached and my date's tongue went into my gap. At the same time my dentures slid to the back of my throat, making me gag and spit it out on my hand. My date date pulled back and stared at my mouth, not with lust, but with *omg eww.*  I awkwardly put my dentures back in place and apologized. My date never noticed my front teeth were fake until that moment. If that wasn't awkward enough, I joked and said "did you know in some cultures people remove their front teeth to provide better blowjobs?". She nodded at me like she didn't know whether to laugh or leave. She ended up leaving soon after that. Needless to say we didn't kiss again.  ***TL:DR Didn't tell my date about my dentures, ended up spitting out my teeth mid makeout, ruined the date, and now I might be too embarrassed to kiss anyone ever again***
368	1	Whenever my friend and I are on speaker phone we always try and yell dumb shit when someone else might be around...like I imagine a lot of people do   My friend is 30% deaf which definitely helped pull this off   This one time he was on lunch and went through the drive thru at Wendy's. He made his order and then they asked "will that be all?"...I decided to blurt out "AND A NUMBER 4 with a large coke"  My friend tried to cancel it. The employee didn't hear him and asked him to repeat himself, he didn't hear the employee and thought everything was all set. He got to the next window. They gave him his total and he knew it was too high so again he tried to cancel what I did. Again the employee didn't understand what he wanted and my friend didn't realize. Gave his card and paid. Next window..two meals.  My friend was pissed. He's got money but he's really anal about it. Saves his receipts for everything. He ended up giving what I ordered to a coworker for $5. He was not happy.   I, however, laughed my ass off for a good while. To this day I still don't even know what a number 4 is.  Now he mutes me whenever he orders anything.
948	2	Title pretty much explains it, but essentially I work at a cafe as a barista. I've been doing it for a few years now, and I've gotten pretty good at latte art, and can consistently make some competition worthy designs. (There are latte art competitions y'all)  I work for minimum wage, and tips are a huge portion of my paycheck (\~20-30% depending on the time of year) and I rely on them pretty heavily.  I work in a pretty nice cafe, we are connected to a very upscale and fancy hotel, so my customers are usually from upper class and well off based on the hotel prices and the surrounding restaurants. When a customer comes in and pays with credit, I have to complete the transaction before I start making their drinks and I can see if they've tipped me or not.   If they did, I'll make a nice tulip or rosetta, maybe a swan if I'm feelin fancy. If they don't I'll do the bare minimum, no design; maybe a small heart if they're at least polite. The drink will taste the same, it's just a matter of presentation.  AITB for doing this? Should I make everyone's drinks equally beautiful even if it tastes the same?
574	3	I had a stillborn daughter 19 years ago.  During labor, the umbilical cord was found to have been strangling her, and it happened very fast.  I only have one picture of her that I've kept in my purse or wallet since she's been gone.  I even went as far as to have it laminated.  Last Sunday my wallet was stolen along with the little picture.  As sad as I was, relief washed over me.  I thought, finally, the last tidbit is gone. I can see my life continuing without being responsible for the constant memory.  But,the wallet was returned to me, and now my sweet little ghost is back.   I tried throwing it away on my birthday a few years ago in a dumpster behind my favorite library, but I couldn't bear it laying there in the rain alone, so I climbed in and got it.    I just want to be done, friends.  ❤️
936	1	For the sake of convenience, I'll call homophobe 'J'.  J and I used to be friends in school, until I came out as gay and he began to distance himself from me and spread rumors. He then started saying it was gross/wrong etc.  Years pass, and I'm scrolling through Grindr when I spot a faceless torso picture, unmistakably his due to a set of freckles on his chest, the username being his first initial, and the distance from me matching where he lives. His profile states that is hookup only, with no face pictures given.  I think to myself "Oh, he came out, good for him." Then I look at his FaceBook. He's still spouting homophobia, sharing LGBT stories with his own opinions etc, and harrassing LGBT people that he comes across online.  So, WIBTA to tell him if I found his profile and recognized him, many of the people he's insulted could easily find him as well?
77	3	My boyfriend is a wonderful guy, I love him to pieces and I was excited to see him after work and he surprised me with my guilty pleasure chocolate bar.. An Almond Joy   I know, crucify me if you must but it just tastes so good, after taking a bite my boyfriend and I were watching Netflix and we kissed a bit.   My boyfriend kept kissing me but I noticed him start to itch his arms and he said his throat was itchy and that that only happens when he eats kiwis... my boyfriend is allergic to kiwis.   So I panic, we rush him to the nearest Urgent Care as he tells me he feels like his throat is closing, y'know, no pressure there..   So after anxiously waiting and calling my boyfriends parents to let them know, we know now that he's allergic to coconut and I'm not allowed to have Almond Joy's anymore(His moms joke)   My boyfriend keeps making jokes about it now but he has no idea how scared I was. I still can't believe he never had coconut before..but just add it to the list of allergies he has I suppose.  TL;DR Boyfriend got me a sweet surprise, ended up surprising me with an allergic reaction and a few hours spent in the hospital with his parents. Another food to avoid
715	3	Repost because original was removed because I suck at rules. Anyway, a couple days ago, I was sitting at my desk, finally had some down time so I decided to grab a snack. It was nothing special, just some chips ahoy cookies. Well I, in my infinite gluttony, decided that the cookies weren't enough and went for those delicious morsels at the bottom of the bag. I throw my head back and start the dumping process. To my horror, the sharpest bit of cookie rockets straight out of the bag and up my left nostril. The shock of the moment caused me to gasp, which was the absolute worst choice. Cookie fragments hit the back of my throat, the fragment in my nose moved itself a little further up and I begin to cough. Having a rather sensitive nose, I start to sneeze at the same time. Blinded by the odd clusterfuck of pain, I desperately grope around my desk for a napkin. When I find one, I remove my hand that was covering my fucked up cookie face to discover it covered in blood. In preparation for the long walk to the bathroom, I hastily stick some tissue in my nose and look around. Crumbs and blood everywhere. I spent about a half an hour cleaning my mess, then shamefully re-printing the many reports that also fell victim to my stupidity.  TL;DR - tried to eat crumbs, bled all over my desk
648	3	So I have been dating this girl for few months, going well, met each other’s parents and so on. Christmas coming and we decide to give gifts, she warns me though that in her family first Christmas present is often involved with banter or some joke.   As I love banter and pranks as much as her I immediately pick up on this! Then one night we are talking about how she has never been in a relationship and she says in a joke she is basically in training. That’s it, I get an idea for a prank gift! Go online and order it.   Fast forward yesterday, things don’t always as planned and in a nice civil way I got dumped right before Christmas. Yesterday was also a rough day at work so a pretty hard bad day overall. So I woke up this morning ready to start working from home due to COVID. Still little bummed about things ending but today must be better.   Then the doorbell rang, ofcourse the gift has arrived. Bummed out and little sad I open the prank gift. From myself.   It’s a book   “Relationships for dummies” Now that is a self burn  TL;DR Order a prank gift book Relationship for dummies, and got it delivered to me the day after I got dumped
813	3	Last night I went to bed, early, I'm 56 so the happens pretty regularly. Woke at 4am to pee, 56 and male, so that also happens regularly. Had a snack and went back to bed. Woke up about an hour later and knew something was very, very wrong. It felt like time was shifting, I could not think straight, I laid down on the bathroom floor and called for my wife. Obviously I had thrown a blood clot into my brain, or had a stroke. I asked her to call 911. Something was very very wrong. Ambulance came, the EMT was sitting beside me, and I was startled to see him. I felt like had the IQ of a 2 year old. They started an IV, did an EkG, blood pressure was fine. Loaded me into the Ambulance and that was really cool. I've never been hospitalized and never been in an Ambulance. Wow, the lights were... trippy, just like being stoned. It all came to me at once. The Valentines Day chocolates I found hidden by my wife were actually edibles (marijuana is legal here, I bought a chocolate bar several years ago, tried it, found it was too strong, hid it away. (Relax my kid us 26 and lives hundreds of miles away, the accidental OD could only happen to me.))  I was STONED to the point of oblivion. Asked for my wife, she confirmed she had hidden chocolates, but not there. They loaded me out of the Ambulance and into bed. Laughing as they exited (I encouraged them to) woke up several hours later. Felt great. TL;DR Late night snack turned out to be long forgotten marijuana edible. Figured that out in the Ambulance after calling 911. Good laugh had by all, was not dying, was very stoned.
724	1	I teach biology to a group of primarily 10th graders. One exercise I always start the day off with is asking a few people (not everyone in the class, about 4-5 of them ever day) about their day and generally how they are. I also ask them to compliment someone in the room on something to spread positivity and start the class off on a good mood.  There's one student, we'll call him tom. He's at the top of my class and always does well, but I notice he's very shy. In an attempt to try to help him come out of his shell I've been calling on his for this exercise nearly every day. I wanted to make sure nothing was wrong with him and he felt safe in my classroom.  He came to me after class a week ago and asked me if I could stop calling on him so much and that it was "very uncomfortable" for him. I agreed, but mentioned how I was concerned about his social isolation and how I feel he should be more vocal and social in class.  He didn't come to class the next day we had it, and I got a notification that he dropped out of my class. The counselor's office also spoke with me and told me I was making "certain students' uncomfortable in my class.  I don't feel I really did anything wrong here. It's not a big deal and I agreed to stop after he asked me to.  AITA?
250	2	I know what you might be saying... “well u/victorypoo, don’t we all do that?” Well I wouldn’t see a doubt yes, but I do this ALL THE TIME! Im too afraid to speak to people when I’m by myself, so I avoid conversations and pretend to talk to someone on the phone.   Here’s an example: I walked into Starbucks this morning, and called my one friend so I would avoid any conversations with anyone in the store. I walked to the register with my phone in my hand and was casually talking with him. Although I couldn’t really hear him since it was super busy and loud at the store at the time I continued to talk to him. After having awkward conversations with the barista about simply buying a gift card, i walked out of the store and hung up the phone call.   I really really badly want to get over my fear of this and hopefully In time, im able to gain enough courage.
21	3	I normally don't ask for straws, but when the waitress phrased the question "would you like a straw or would you rather save a turtle?" I felt put on the spot. I went there to enjoy a meal, not be pressured. I don't know, I just felt it was kind of rude so I responded with "I think I'll kill a turtle, thanks. I'll take the straw." She seemed pretty offended by it and after thinking about it, I feel like might have overreacted and may be the asshole here.
745	2	Driving down the road I saw a homeless lady walking down the street, I figured I'd offer a ride. She hopped in the car and asked   "Do you like to party?"  _i think, hmmm that was weird guess she wants a beer_  "Yeah, I party of course I'm only 22"  She says "Can I come party with you"  _i'm thinking man this lady is foward but I bet she aint been to a good party in awhile and I've got some killer weed_  "Yeah sure, I'm headed to my buddies now, you can come party with us"  She says "Alright cool, you got some drugs?"  "Yea, I've got some chronic and some liquor"  She says "You got any coke?"  "Yeah we got coke, we like to party"  Then it comes out "if you give me coke I won't worry about a fee"  I say "uh, a fee? What are you talking about, we're gonna go party?"  Blankly stared at me "honey, I'm a prostitute"  My heart sank "uh, I'm not into that, you want me to give you a ride somewhere?"  Haha if only I were still so naive and innocent.  **TLDR dont pick up hitchhikers**
251	2	My gf since June just “came out” to me as aesexual.   I knew the term and honestly never thought about how their lives are.  I guess I just figured they lived alone.     My gf however just told me that she was aesexual.  I asked her about our sex and she said she had been faking it.  That she didn’t want to lose me.   I feel so gross.  We have had sex a lot.   If she didn’t enjoy that, it’s just idk wrong.    She cried when I said I don’t think I can have a relationship without sex.   Like sobbed.   She said that’s why she never told me.   I asked her how she saw our relationship progressing.  She was really adamant that we could make it work.  That we could even have kids.   But as far as sex I could just get sex toys.   A relationship with her on her terms really just sounds like friends with a kid.   I already have friends.   I don’t want to have a kid with them.     She’s super emotional right now, I don’t know how to deal with it honestly.  Her friendship relationship doesn’t work for me.
95	3	Basically my parents never sent me to public school. They were supposed to “homeschool” me and my siblings but all my mom did was teach us the very basic stuff we’d have to know to live like spelling, very very basic math, etc and that’s it. My whole high school she cheated through for me so she didn’t have to help me since I knew nothing at that point. I’ll never go to college and never amount to much because of my parents and I don’t know if I’ll ever be able to forgive them.
104	1	When I was 16 I got a job at McDonald’s. I hated making food and working front counter. I always asked to work drive thru window taking money at the first window.  This was before credit cards so everyone paid in cash. All I would do is keep a quarter or dime of almost everyone’s change I gave back. I would put that extra quarter or dime in a special spot in the register. Once I got 5 or 10$ worth of change I would dump the change into the right spot and pocket a 10 or 5.  Some nights I would leave with over 50 bucks in cash (a lot to a 16 year old me). No one ever caught on and only twice I can remember people telling me I gave them the wrong amount of change back. I would just act like a dumb kid whom miscounted .  I don’t know how nobody at work caught on because I always had a ton of change at the end of the day.
343	3	This happened to me 21 years ago!   So, halfway through grade 4, my family and I moved from Texas to Colorado. To help me get accustomed to my new classmates and not be overwhelmed on my first day, my teacher had me come in early and sit at my desk while the other students came in. While I was nervously awaiting the arrival of my new classmates my teacher walked over and gave me a warning.     “Now, the girl in front of you is a dork. Please don’t make fun of her.”     Hearing this, the nine-year-old me instantly came to this poor girl’s defence. The teacher had just called her a dork, and I thought this was extremely mean. So I tried to help this unmet girls aid by showing our camaraderie to the teacher:     “That’s okay, there’s nothing wrong with that. In fact, I used to be one too!” After admitting this to my teacher I was suddenly overcome with a fear that teacher would think of me as a dork forever, abandoning my plan of trying to help this girl I quickly added, “But then I grew out of it.”     The teacher gave me the most puzzled look I have ever seen and seemed like she was about to say more but decided against it and left.    All the kids came in and sat down at their desk and I looked up at the girl in front of me and realized I had misheard what my teacher said. The girl wasn’t a dork; she was a dwarf. I had just told the teacher I used to be a dwarf, but I had grown out of it.     tl;dr Misheard the teacher and then told her I used to be a dwarf but grew out of it.
252	1	My mom used to take me swimming as a kid. We would sit in a little cafe area afterwards where she’d buy me an ice cream from the cafe and give me a bit of money to buy a chocolate bar from a vending machine. I went to the vending machine on one occasion when a guy abruptly cut in front of me and told me to wait. I was a bit annoyed because I wanted my chocolate, but I stood and waited politely. He was the machine owner, and I watched him open it, put a row of new chocolate bars in, and then punch in a code and set the price. I guess he didn’t think a small kid would understand, but I knew what he was doing and always had a good memory so now I knew the code and how to set prices. Well, after he’d gone, I lowered the price of my favourite chocolate bar, got three, then changed it back. I didn’t want to lower it too much in case it got suspicious. I did this for about 6 months until they must’ve figured it out because the code suddenly didn’t work any longer.
913	3	So, not today- a few years back. I'm a very active sleeper, I walk, talk and orgasm regularly in my sleep because who needs rest, right?  I remember my dreams really well. This one will haunt me. I'm having a dream I'm thirsty as tits. At this point I'm around 18 with bottles of whatever cheap shit that smells nice I can get my hands on. Well, in my dream I find a water bottle and open it, taking deep gulps...then it hits me...  Sleepily opening my eyes I realise I've wrapped my lips around a bottle of vanilla perfume and gone balls deep glugging it. The taste in my mouth is disgusting and I am immediately nauseous...but the absolute nightmare has just begun...cue 8 hours of regularly expelling vanilla vomit. I still cant smell vanilla perfume without feeling sick   TL;DR TIFU by drinking perfume in my sleep
633	3	Naturally, this did not happen today... Tl;dr is at the bottom.  About a week ago, I was running errands with my 1 and 3 year old boys. We had some time to kill, and my 3 year old said that he wanted to see his daddy. So we picked up lunch and took it to my husband's work so that he could have a hot lunch instead of leftovers from the night before.  We got the boys out of their carseats, let them sit in our laps as we all ate chicken tenders and fries in the front seat. Then, my husband took us for a tour around his shop (he works in sheet metal and makes air ducts). Our kids loved it!  As we were leaving, I saw my husband walking into the building and honked at him, calling out "hey, nice butt babe!"  Then it happened, my 3 year old yelled "nice butt daddy!" Which quickly turned into "nice butt mama."  I tried my best to ignore it even though he kept repeating it. I thought that the worst was over when he eventually forgot about it.  I was wrong.  Now, almost a week later, he is yelling out our living room window; "Nice butt papa" (what he calls out elderly neighbor) "Nice butt mama" "Nice butt baby" (his little brother)  I don't think we will be leaving the house today...  TL;DR I set a bad example for my child and now he is telling everyone that they have a nice butt.
192	2	My wife has been staying home with our daughter ever since she was born 5 months ago. Now she has to decide whether she's going to go back to work or quit her job. The predominant reason that I'm encouraging her to stay home is because I like her making me lunch and dinner and just being a traditional housewife. I have been telling her that she'll be happier at home with our daughter and that maybe if she stays home then she'll be able to write a novel (one of her life goals). I haven't told her the real reason because she'll think (and rightly so) that I'm being selfish.  I know that I'm being a little self-centered but going to work, opening up my lunchbox and finding a cute note that she's written me and then coming home to my beautiful wife and daughter with dinner already made... It's like the greatest thing ever. Over the past few months I feel like I love her more than I ever have. Every time I see her all I want to do is kiss her for being so god damn supportive and awesome. Her being home with our daughter and me working; I know it's a cliche but it just feels so right. When she was working she never had time to make lunch or dinner and we would always end up getting take-out. I don't want to go back to that. With that being said, I think that she wants to stay home anyway. She's terrified of having to leave our daughter with someone else. She was raised by a single mother so she's also afraid of not spending enough time with her. So I think she's using my pushing as an excuse to stay at home anyway.   [Light]
671	2	We had a 3 day weekend vacation planned in a couple of weeks. We didn't book any hotel room but I did book it off work.  Since Early July my girlfriend committed to a project at work that would keep her at work extra during the last 2 weeks of August. She changed her mind and all she had to do was tell her boss so that they wouldn't schedule her.  I told her (even before we book this trip) to let her boss know well in advance so that we could plan out our trip and she could have a regular work schedule. This was in July.  Fast forward to this week. She still hasn't done it. I booked off the weekend (24th of August) as she insisted that she'd still be able to get it off. I found out today that she just talked to her boss today. Literally the day before the project. She waited over a month to tell her boss. Now she can't get the days off.  I'm pissed because I warned her and she procrastinated. I'm also losing 3 days of work and I was looking forward to our trip. She says she's very sorry and will beg her boss to get some time off. I said there's no point as I'm not going to drive several hours for a half asses trip that'll be for only 1 night.
43	2	I posted [a thread here](https://www.reddit.com/r/confession/comments/689owg/i_lied_your_haircut_makes_you_look_like_a_man/) a while ago. The original thread got much more attention than I thought it would and I just thought I'd give an update just in case anyone is interested.   To make a long story short, we broke up last week. A few weeks ago I told her how I felt about her hair (in a less disparaging way than my post, obviously) - basically I told her that it was a big deal to me and that I felt that she was being inconsiderate. She predictably started telling me that I'm a sexist who was trying to control her body - just like a lot of the idiotic replies on the original post. The fact that she was completely unwilling to accept that I, as her boyfriend, have a significant interest in being attracted to her was disappointing to say the least. Her hair is literally going to take a year to grow back and you can call me whatever you want but I'm just not okay with that; but despite this she continued to pretend that it was no big deal.   There were other problems in our relationship but her hair as well as how she conducted herself throughout this whole affair played a major part in our break up. After I ended things she was really upset and crying so I just tried to move my stuff out and end things as quickly and as smoothly as possible. The whole thing has been majorly disappointing - for her as well, I presume. 4 year relationship down the drain. Wonderful. I just hope we can both move on and find happiness.  [No Regrets]
980	1	My family and my dad's side of the family always have an early Christmas since his family likes to do a lot of traveling during the holidays. Last night was our gift exchange before their next big trip and I still have memories of last year's gift exchange. The only thing that I really expressed an interest in receiving was some Funko Pop figures, specifically for some of my favorite franchises like Star Wars and Harry Potter. But my uncle told me that I'm too old for those things and he ended up gifting me a kayak rack for the roof of my car. I don't even own a fucking kayak. I asked him what I was suppose to do with it, but he just said that it was a "manly gift" and that I needed to learn to be more "outdoorsy".  I decided that I was going to gift him a useless, random gift this year. I ended up giving him a dry erase whiteboard. It was just one of the most random things that I could find while looking around Wal-Mart and I was glad to see that he was confused about the gift. He asked me what he was suppose to do with a whiteboard and I explained that it was an educational gift and that he's the type of person who could really use to start brushing up on grammar and basic common sense.  He called me a little shit and we started arguing right there in front of everyone. My parents took my uncle's side of course and they just kicked me out of their house and sent me on my way back to my apartment. I really don't see what I did wrong. This was a tit-for-tat situation and I figured that my uncle could handle receiving a useless gift like I did last year. AITB?
683	2	Every year I take my son to visit his great grandparents. Usually, his dad/my ex will be there too during the trip, and they’ll spend a lot of alone time together since my ex doesn’t see our son as often as I do.   The only difference this year is that this time he brought his girlfriend with him. The trip has been a disaster. The first week we were here, my ex wanted to take my son out sailing, his girlfriend went with them. They came back early, and my son was crying so hard he threw up. When I asked my ex what happened he told me he didn’t know and that our son kept asking for me and he told him they would see me when they got home, and he just started crying and wouldn’t stop. Since, my son has refused to go out anywhere with his dad unless I go too. He won’t even stay in the same room as anyone else unless I’m there. I’ve tried talking to him, but it hasn’t helped me understand his behaviour.      Yesterday, his girlfriend pulled me aside and told me I needed to give them space to have some “family time” and that she really wanted my son to like her because my ex made it clear if he doesn’t their relationship wouldn’t last. I told her I wouldn’t force my son to go alone with them and she said she understood I was overprotective but that I needed to let his dad have time with him without me hovering. She kept asking me and I finally got annoyed and told her to tell my ex to talk to me if he had a problem. She basically told me that he was my ex’s son too and that she knew it must be hard for me to see him move on (lol) but that I was being selfish and acting jealous. She’s been giving me dirty looks ever since.  AITA?
860	3	This actually happened today.  I am a broke college student. I have been trying to get a job since the last one I had was unexpectedly closed because a client pulled their contract. So, I applied for jobs on Indeed and Glassdoor, mostly data entry and administrative assistant ones.  I was contacted by a person who said that they have a job opening for me as a personal assistant based on my resume on Indeed. They told me that the job was buying groceries, sending emails and booking hotel rooms. I accepted and was given a task to find out about some hotels downtown.  After a week, I sent the information on the hotels to the guy, who then asked for my bank account information. He then deposited a check into one of my accounts and asked me to send out some money orders. Me, being a dumbass, agreed to do so. This was on Friday. This morning, I found out that the check had bounced and I was in the hole for a little over $6,000.  I have contacted the bank and they said my account is frozen and will be closed in 30 days. I also talked to the police and gave them the guys phone number, company name, account info for the money orders, and the receipts for the money orders.  TL;DR: I lost all my money and owe more because I was desperate.
988	2	My dad decided that my uncle will stay the night at our house. My uncle came over to the city from his hometown to visit his son. They decided that he will stay at his son's place for several days then come over to our place for a few days. My dad is very vulnerable to Covid (he has many health issues and weak immune system) I was not comfortable with his decision because this is really risky in terms of exposure to the virus. Even if my uncle doesn't have Covid, we should still be cautious because who knows.  What made me more upset was that he was super serious about Covid safety, that he refused to let me attend my grandfather's (mom's side) funeral or meet any of my family from my mom's side because he said "I will be putting his health at risk if I go and get exposed, which means I don't care about him". Yet, he freely visit his side of the family at his hometown and even invites them to sleepover.  Now he is upset at me, saying I disrespected his family. He said when he visited them, they never "discriminated" him and were all close and touchy, which I think is not a good idea during this time. I'm not discriminating his brother, I'm just being cautious, especially thinking about his health. But somehow, social distancing and safety doesn't apply to his family, only my mom's family and everyone else.   tl;dr: Dad invites uncle to sleepover with risk of exposure, despite himself being vulnerable to covid, while not allowing me to meet anyone else except his family and I am upset.  AITB?
93	2	My husband and I live a few states away from his brother and his wife, so we don't see them that often. We arranged to see them this week.   They got here on Saturday. Sunday, I went out to the store and when I came home a few hours later the house stank like weed. When I said hi to them, it was obvious that she had been using marijuana.   I hate the smell of marijuana. I don't know if this is weird but I cannot stand the smell at all. It's gross and it quite literally makes me sick.   She confirmed that she had been using it. She said she figured it was okay since “it was medical marijuana so she needed it”. She hadn't asked.   I was already upset that she was using it but the fact that she hadn't asked made it worse. I told her she could not have marijuana in our house and if she was using it she had to be off our property.   She said I was being unfair and that I didn't understand and was being “ableist” and that I couldn't stop her from using prescription medication.   Later that day I found her doing it again and told her to leave. She blew up at me and said I had no right to make her leave. She and my brother in law left that evening. They were very rude about it.   My husband thinks I was overreacting and I shouldn't have been so rude about it when she was prescribed it by her doctor. He says I should have let them stay and just dealt with the smell, especially since we don't see them often in the first place.   Now I'm wondering if he has a point.   AITA?  Edit - the second time she was also inside of the house
459	3	I was out with my family at the mall then I suddenly had to rush to the restroom so when I tried closing the door of the stall for some reason it didn't budge so I pulled it harder and was able to lock the door. Only then I hear cries when I left the stall and I see some women surrounding the little boy and looking scared and worried. I think I broke his fingers but I was so terrified to face the problem and ran out. Till this day I feel intense regret and hate myself for what I did even though it was kind of a mistake.
92	3	Please here me out. I can’t decide if my family is trying to gaslight me or if I actually am crazy because I still have tons of hormones out of control.   I had a baby a month ago. My husband and I agreed that we wouldn’t post photos of her on the internet. We see how parents over-share these days, and we both would honestly be really annoyed if our entire lives were documented on social media. So we decided we would keep our daughter off, and she can decide on her on later on if she wants to have an online presence. We have sent photos and videos to family through text whenever they ask. We take photos of important moments to save for our personal albums. My MIL is incredibly annoyed that we prefer she not share photos of our daughter on her Facebook. She says she wants to show off her granddaughter. My husband was very firm at first, but now he’s starting to cave saying it isn’t really a big deal. My own mother also said to just “let it go” and “stop being so controlling” and that it’s a “jerk move” to tell people they can’t share photos. My argument: can she not text photos to her friends or whoever she needs to “show off” to? AITA? Should I let it go?
934	1	Not sure if anyone really wanted an update but the situation came to a head so I just wanted to vent. Thank you for everyone who commented.  So I had a word with him about the family calender and people's suggestions about if it's not on the calendar it doesn't exist. Making sure my time away was on there. He seemed to go along with it and said he would reschedule his cycle trip - great I thought!  Until it came to the morning of the trip. My bf often gets up super early and I roll over and go back to sleep so thought nothing of it when he was up early. Heard the door go but just presumed he was taking out the bins or something. When I woke up, couldn't find him and the car had gone. Tried to phone him - no answer. Some of his stuff had gone. Asked my neighbor to check his garage for my bfs bike (where he keeps it). It had gone. Confused and quietly seething at this point try his phone a couple more times. Nothing. Phone my friend at this point saying I can find him and will probably miss my train.  About midday I get a phone call. He had gone on his trip. Tells my to check the calendar. He has tipexed out my writing and written in his trip. I say a few choice words to him. He basically says it's my fault as I should have got up earlier. So I told him that he won and he is now free to go on as many cycle trips as he wants now.  Friend suggested taking the kids to the seaside (her son is a similar age). We spent the next day at the beach and had a nice time.  Told bf not to come back. He says I'm over reacting but I am done.  &amp;#x200B;  Edit -  [O](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/mspd97/aita_for_booking_to_go_away_the_same_weekend_as/)riginal Post
736	3	So, I'm a female (obviously) and have been plagued with ittie bittie B cups. On the other hand, I'm lucky to have very flat nipples that do not stick out whatsoever. The only time that they will visibly stick out is if I'm cold or "excited." Therefore, I never have to wear a bra which is a huge blessing! They've never been an issue until today.  I am into poker and attended a poker tournament wearing a thin shirt. I was doing very well, winning a lot of hands and pushing guys all in and taking their chips so they had to buy in again multiple times. Thought I was definitely going to win the tournament by the way things were going.   But, by the time I had made it to the final table, the other players had figured out that my nipples would stick out every time I got a good hand. I was wondering why I was suddenly losing more than usual (and I know the nip thing was at least part of the reason because a couple of the other players let me know after the game was over that it was a sure tell.)   Yeah... Needless to say I didn't win that tournament! Now I've learned my lesson and always wear a bra or a sweater over my shirt when I go to the casino. (this was pre-covid, I just remembered this story and thought it might belong here.)  TL;DR Wore a thin shirt to a poker tournament and didn't realize that every time I got a good hand my nips visibly stick out, causing the others to eventually catch on to the tell I was unaware of and lost the tournament.
370	2	I work at an office where I’m allowed to have a beard and long hair, but my manager is stringent on the “no jeans policy.” She frequently ensures that no one is wearing jeans and is wearing professional attire.   Problem is, for the past few months that I’ve been here, the women of the office have always worn jeans. Tight, dark, professional looking jeans, but jeans nonetheless. That is, until a few days ago.   I love wearing jeans, and have always felt I could make them professional too. I was complaining about it to a friend and coworker when my manager walked into the staff room. She said something basically confirming her stance on jeans.   I said “Well, the girls get to wear jeans.”  “No they don’t.”  Then, my coworker, Amanda walked in wearing jeans. I pointed that out. My manager confronted Amanda, telling her that she wasn’t allowed to wear jeans.   In the moment, Amanda appeared playfully made at me. But I went over her house last weekend, and she brought up the incident twice, again sort of playfully, but I think she may actually be mad. I apologized, saying I didn’t want to ruin jeans for women but to prove that someone can look professional in jeans.   AITA?
253	2	I'm going to cancel my life insurance policy because my wife is already fucking another guy. Before you ask, yes, I have indisputable evidence.   The sob story Facebook posts, the Twitter updates about my illness, and the breakdown she had at the hospital when I originally got my diagnosis. What were all of those? What was all of the anxiety she faced, what were all of the therapy sessions we visited together, what were the support group meetings we had all for?   She cries often. I am her pillar while she breaks down. I wanted to remain strong and stable. I'm sure she's sincrely devastated, but not devastated enough to wait for me to be dead before getting her rocks off with some other dude.  My life insurance policy is large. I spent $218/month on it for years because the only thing I wanted was for her to be safe, settled, and not have to work. I wanted a comfortable life for her so I worked hard at my job, accumulating savings, paying a mortgage, and doing everything I could to make her comfortable. It's what I was taught as a young man by my mother and father. Find a good woman, and treat her well. At least I followed the second half of their advice well.  No more. On a certain level I sincerely hope she finds happiness with her new man, but they are both going to have to have jobs.
204	2	For context, I recently sent dick pics to my gf.   I woke up this morning and noticed a reply to my comment in a thread that my gf and I had both participated in months ago. The commenter told me how lucky my gf is because they saw pictures of my meat. I immediately panic. What? Why? How does this person have access to my dick pics? The only logical conclusion in my(idiotic) brain was that my gf had completely violated my trust by sharing my nudes with randoms online, that were now mock complimenting my penis in an old thread.   Lacking any semblance of common sense, I never once thought about why if she had actually disseminated any of these pictures that she would give out my username so that random people could tell me what she had done. I never though about how unlikely or illogical all of this was. Then I confronted her, and she sent me a screenshot of my post history. I am literally the dumbest person I know.   They were saying she is lucky because of the STEAKS THAT I COOK. Shes lucky because my meat looks tasty. Literally steaks. She was upset at first but now we can laugh about it, and she even reccomend that I post this because she thinks its hilarious. Also she said she's going to make fun of my "meat" forever now.  TLDR; I thought someone was complimenting my penis because my girlfriend had showed them pictures of it. They were complimenting my steaks.
315	1	I love my wife but she is awful to travel with. She's a bit of a princess and she doesn't care about art or architecture. She wears stupid shoes and walks too slow, but gets tired of places too fast.  I did originally have a meeting in London but it got cancelled and I still wanted to go, so I booked myself into a fancy hotel, went to galleries, rode the subway and ate in amazing restaurants for three nights. Aw man it was awesome. I just enjoyed not caring about her being entertained and being alone to my thoughts.  I just kept thinking the whole time I was there how she wouldn't have liked it, and would have ruined it. If I'd have told her about it she would have come with me, no question.   Am I an asshole?
611	2	I am the  by-product of my parents extra-marital affair. Both of them had spouses at the time. My birth-mother got pregnant and had to tell her husband as he was overseas when I was conceived so there was no way I was his. A few months after I was born they decided not to divorce. I was given to my grandparents on my mothers side to raise with my birth father secretly paying child support without his wife's knowledge.  Both my parents had other children, my dad's side knows nothing about me but my siblings on my mum's side were told that I am adopted by my grandparents. Recently I decided that I wanted to know more about my dad's family and I sent a friend's request to one of my siblings and my dad so I could get to know him. Well he freaked out and contacted my birth mum and they asked to speak to me over Skype. They both told me that they couldnt risk staying in contact with me and told me that they were going no-contact and to please respect it and move on with my life.   Well I did pretty much the opposite. I contacted my dad's wife and shared screen shots of our conversations and told her everything. She is now divorcing him while on my mother's side I told both my siblings who then went on to tell extended family including her husband's side so now they are seperated and my siblings hate my mother.   Currently my siblings on both sides lives have been upturned and after the satisfaction has worn off I feel like I unnecessarily hurt them through my parents. AITA for ruining my parents marriages?
959	2	This happened about a month ago; one of my oldest friends got married. She sent out invites months ago, and, being with someone I love and wanted her and my family to meet, I invited my boyfriend as well (a plus one was allowed and I let her know).   Now a few weeks before the wedding, bf was told by his boss he was going to be let go. Because of his student loans, this puts a huge amount of pressure on him. As well, I spent the previous week traveling with my mom, which is super stressful and am in the middle of a move while still chasing down money from old roommates.  So all considered, I was strained by the time the wedding came around, specifically I was having trouble keeping food down, which meant I'd dropped some weight quick. I begged off her night before party saying I was sick, but then the day of the wedding, my bf had a little too much to drink and got emotional and, well, drunk. I took him home, but by the time I made it back, the reception was over and I couldn't reach anyone.  So I bailed on the after party, didn't say goodbye in person or explain what happened (it was her wedding, she doesn't need to focus on me), but she was understandably upset and wanted me to go back out to the after party. I begged off, and I know she felt bad so did I, but I simply was so drained.  I haven't reached out yet and don't know how to broach it, but am I the buttface for how I handled the situation? I can answer specifics if anything's unclear. I'd also appreciate any advice about how to reach back out and explain workout having her feel worse.
188	2	So I'd consider myself a loving husband and we have a mostly good relationship. There are quirks to it, but it's fine with me. But one big quirk is that she goes to her mom's house religiously on Sunday's like a born again Christian going to church, except she is there all day. Like she wakes up, heads out, and stays all day until it's time to sleep.  I go with her most times just to spend time together but it's honestly exhausting for me. I don't care for her mom. She's alright to me, she is just not a good person to other people. Very self serving and I can't respect her for it. Let alone do I want to spend a whole day out of every one of my weeks with her.  I've vocalized that I would rather us stay home or just do something together. But she's very defensive over spending the day with her mom. Fine...but I work nights and she works days, and we have different days off... So I like to spend Sunday days with her so that we can help make the marriage work. So I just go 90% of the time.  Now, the 10% of the time that I don't go, I always get something in return from the mom. Like a "oh he must not love me or something!" Kind of act. And she kind of does it a little tongue-in-cheek...But the way she has a grip over her daughter, my wife, I think in her head she's being serious about it. I'm sick of it.   I'm sitting in my car waiting for them to get back to her mom's house now because I guess they went out together, and I spent lunch with my mom for her birthday. My wife didn't want to go to lunch for my mom's birthday...would rather hang out with her mom...fine.
266	1	 Back in college I used to have a good friend who turned into a FWB situation. We were both broke and were using protection (I was using condoms), and we both agreed that if she were to get pregnant she would abort. Sometime after we started we were talking and she told me she was 2 weeks pregnant and it was 100% mine. The timing matched up so I believed her. I was surprised and asked if she was going to abort and she told me didn't want to and wanted to be with me. I was taken back and told her I needed time to think about it. I went home and thought about what I should do because I did not want to become a father at 19.    Originally I thought about staying with her, but the next day when I met with her she told me she liked me too much to let me go and that she poked holes in the condoms to get pregnant. I was angry but I kept up the charade and pretended that wasn't something to be angry at. So I decided to do something way worse.     My older sister had some Mifepristone which I stole. I went to my FWB's house and we started talking and discussing stuff. She wanted a glass of water so I went to the kitchen, got 2 glasses of water, and spiked both in case she got suspicious. She didn't notice anything and I left later.     5 days later she told me she lost the baby and I pretended to be devastated. I waited another week to end things between us on the basis of "I'm too sad to stay" so it wouldn't be suspicious.     Was what I did wrong? 100%.   Did she deserve that? Probably not.   Am I a horrible person? Sure.   Was it objectively wrong to do what I did? Yes.     But do I feel remorse? Not. At. All.
365	3	In high school I played football and I was pretty tall and big. When walking to classes it actually kind of sucked because I had to stop to let people go into doors so I wouldn’t run into kids because I could accidentally knock somebody over.   I had another friend on team who walked with me to class and we would occasionally fuck around in the hallway by pushing each other, just dumb shit. We were messing around when he pushes me when we’re making a turn down the hallway, and I backup and feel something against me.   I look down an a poor girl, who was probably a freshman, is laying on the ground. Absolutely terrified. I go down to help her up and my friend still doesn’t understand what’s happening and thinks we’re still messing around, so he pushes me again and I almost ended up trampling her. She got up on her own and rushed down the hallway probably with tears in her eyes because I had just knocked her into a brick wall and onto the ground.   I never got reported to a teacher so I’m assuming she had no injuries. This wasn’t the last time something like this happened. I was walking to class after lunch when a friend came over and pushed me as a joke. I said “Get away from me” at the exact same time a girl accidentally hit me while walking by, looked at me super offended and walked off.
873	3	So this just happened 5 minutes ago and it's very light compared to other stuff that gets posted here.       I'm waiting for the bus to go home from shopping with my mum. For context I'm a 27 year old woman and we are in Australia.       So while we're waiting I see and hear a magpie which is walking around.       I say out loud to my mum "aw he's so cute."       My.mum says "he'll peck your eyes out."       And I say back "I just like how he looks and how he walks."       As I say this I'm staring at the magpie but when I break from looking at it, I realise that close by was a teenage boy and he's looking at me weirdly. He abruptly walks hurriedly away while glancing back every now and then.       When he's gone, it occurs to me that he must have thought I was talking about him.       I'm sorry kid, I didn't mean to freak you out.       TL : DR: I was fawning over a magpie and a teenage boy thought I was talking about him and got creeped out.
637	1	I found out towards the end of the semester that several people had last years exam questions and answers for all midterms and finals throughout the year. They copied old questions and equations onto their calculators and used that to pass with raw A's while I was struggling with D's and F's that would be curved up just enough for me to pass. I found out some of my friends in the class had access to this and I was both surprised and upset. 1. That they would cheat and 2. That they wouldn't at leadt give me a heads up knowing full well I was struggling in the class. I was so pissed when I found out. I had been studying so hard to stay afloat and the night before the final I panicked. I created an anonymous email account and snitched out the entire class the night before. I thought maybe I wouldn't be taken seriously but the next morning our professor was close to tears. Most students had been scoring As and Bs and she had attributed it to her teaching. They took away our graphing calculators and gave everyone a basic scientific calculator. People were angry and also worried they would be questioned. I was shaking in class. Excited that I exposed everyone but also scared I would be caught by my classmates as a snitch. We took the test. I got a B+ on my exam! The class average was disproportionately lower for the final than any other exam we had taken in class. I ended up passing the class with a B- once our HW was added in. I don't know if any my classmates ever suspected me or not. The classes were very small since it was a private college. I don't regret shit. I wish i had found out sooner to be honest.
221	3	TIFU by telling a black lady the carriers are only for the whites.  On mobile so sorry for formatting and such.   This happened last week and I still wince when I think about it..  I run a smoothie truck in a smallish southern city in the US. I was fairly busy making several drinks with my back to my service window. Next to my machine I have several drink carriers with handles. The lady sees them and asks if she can have the carrier with handles for her drinks, I tell her I’m sorry but those carriers are only for the Whites.   As soon as the words left my mouth I could have died. I dropped the smoothie I was working on and did an about face so fast the truck rocked.   I looked at the lady, the black lady, and just started apologizing, trying to explain.   The Whites are a family of 7. The father comes by twice a week gets drinks for the family and at some point he bought and gave me X amount of carriers for him to use to make his trips easier. Turns out she knows the Whites, she goes to church with them. Thank you, Jesus.   She couldn’t have been nicer over the ordeal and I still feel horrible about the whole thing.   I have since put the carriers out of view.  TL;DR I told a black lady the drink carriers are only for the White family, but made it sound like they were only for the white families.
257	1	My friends and I went sightseeing, aware that the weather forecast was warning of heavy rain.  We’re from England, where the correct response to rain is to not acknowledge it, but things are a little different in Japan. It is impossible to walk outside without getting fully soaked. I warned my friends of this and stopped at a shop to buy an umbrella. They were reluctant to get one; either underestimating the rain or thinking they could get one later, if it actually rained.  I warned them multiple times that if it rains, I would not let them borrow my umbrella.  One friend had a raincoat so was mostly fine but the other did not. I reminded them that I would not share a few more times while we were walking.   Roughly an hour later, it started raining. Hard. It was unlikely to stop raining any time soon and we had a train to catch so we walked in the rain for half an hour to the train station. I stood by my word and refused to let them use my umbrella (which could easily fit 2 people under it). When we arrived, the friend without the raincoat was completely soaked, and the other was far from dry. Neither were particularly happy.  AITA for standing by my word and not saving my friend from the rain?
115	3	My 7 year old has autism. He attends school and is doing really well.   Today they had sports day, parents were invited to watch.  However last week they had a swimming day and I went to watch and because he knew I was there he didn’t participate- he insisted on sitting with me and cried whenever he had to leave my side. It is unsettling for him to have me at school.   So I told him I couldn’t come and watch sports today because I had work - I lied   I did go and watch his sports day, but I hid from him. I watched him so proudly and I knew if he saw me he would stop and want to just hang with me so I didn’t go over until the end of the day.  He was sad and asked me why I couldn’t come and watch because the other mums did.   This broke my heart. I told him I was there and I had waved to him but he was so busy doing such an amazing job he must not have seen me, this seemed to cheer him up but I can’t stop thinking about him looking at the other mums and thinking I didn’t go.  My heart is breaking for him. I have no idea if I did the right thing now. AITA?
467	1	 I worked at a 50 person boutique marketing agency as an Account Director. After busting my ass and absolutely killing it on multiple client projects, my employer let me go August 20th due to “budgetary” issues and for not being bilingual. I mailed back my employer-provided MacBook as requested, and moved on with my job search.   Fast forward to yesterday. HR has contacted me twice now. Once via email and once via text. They are unable to log onto the MacBook and “reset everything” due to not knowing my password. Am I missing something here? Can’t they just factory reset it? A quick Google search shows it’s pretty simple to put the MacBook into recovery mode and do a factory reset. There was nothing special on the laptop, no software added, no vpn, etc. Remember this was a company who had ~50 employees not a Fortune 50 company. Could I could be polite and provide the password? Sure. But I’m currently ignoring the text/emails. AITA?   ***EDITED TO UPDATE***  I truly appreciate all of the comments. Yes, even the ones who said I’m the asshole. An admin login was never set up on the laptop prior to my hiring and I never signed into my personal iCloud account.   At the end of the day I don’t have the password memorized/know it off the top of my head. Could I figure it out after a few guesses? Most likely yes.
325	2	I really needed to get this off my chest. We were high school sweethearts that aren't very compatible. I've been married to her for 3 years. I had found a woman I think I loved right before we got back together the last time but I ghosted her because I could bear there thought of someone's death being on my hands. It wasn't an idle threat either. I had to pick her up from the hospital after an attempt, she almost didn't make it. I think I can love her but things are so muddy I can't really tell. I would never be unfaithful this just is eating my up inside.  Edit: I really didn't think this would take off like this. Not all of the days are bad days. I've been trying to help her make friends and things have been getting better. I've just felt like although I'm complacent it was not my choice. I wouldn't say I'm miserable or anything and she has been working on herself.
66	2	So didn't happen today, but rather yesterday. I invited a close friend to the movies with me. A few odd things happened, and it wasn't until I spoke to a friend of mine that I realized I missed multiple hints that she was into me.   1) Beforehand, I jokingly told her about a time a friend of mine and I got stuck in town for four hours charging in front of a hotel (my car is electric). She replies "Don't worry, if that were you and I, we'd make the most of it" with a wink face after. I laughed it off and forgot about it.   2) Driving home, she tells me about her friends which 'know of every hidden fucking-spot' between the country roads that we were passing through, even pointing out a few. I replied, "I guess that's an interesting thing to know" with a laugh. She then looks to my backseat and goes "yeah, there's not much you could do in [my car] though". I then replied "You know probably not" and thought no more of it.  3) When we get back to her house, she asks if I want to go inside to get a soda, to which I politely declined because I wasn't thirsty.  TLDR: I missed strong signs that she was dtf   Edit: There is an upside to this however: she's very eager to go to the movies again.
995	1	My wife is 6 weeks pregnant with our child. She agrees with the conventional wisdom to not make that information public until the end of the first trimester. However, she is going on a bachelorette trip this weekend and will undoubtedly arise some suspicion for not drinking.  I'd be fine with her telling her closest friends at this point, but not all of the women in attendance meet this definition.   I've asked her what she was going to say to explain her new found sobriety and she said she didn't want to have to lie. While i admire her truthfulness, she has told white lies before (e.g. to keep surprise parties a secret).  I suggested she say she's on a medication the doctor told her she can't drink on.  AITB for asking my wife to tell a white lie to keep the fact that she's 6 weeks pregnant a secret?
409	1	I(48F) promised to pay off daughter’s(22F) uni degree. It’s not in RESP(education fund) but just in a TSFA(tax free account) under my name, I have 30k saved for that. So she graduates with 24K in debt I and pay it and now she wants me to pay for her acne scar removal which will be 4-6K.   She has deep icepick and boxcar scars and feels self conscious about them and wants them removed so she can advance in her career(she did business and works at a bank).   I think since she has a job paying 20/hour and still lives at home she should be saving for it herself so I told her to save it up. She says because I have some money left over after paying her tuition she is entitled to all of it.  Edit: She makes 2.5K after taxes and lives at home. IMO she can save up the amount needed in 2 months if she tried  So everyone is asking the same things so here you go: We live in Canada so everything to die with acne is free no I didn’t neglect her acne she has a Dermatologist, reason she has scars is because she picked at them, she was a tomboy and didn’t care about her face then. Now she obviously regrets it.  Edit: So talked with daughter and I will pay for her acne scar treatment. But I will no longer be paying for her car insurance, car payments, gas, cell phone and she will have to move out in 3 months etc and if she moves back she will need to pay rent($400/month). She agreed (because she thinks I will cave) but I have it in writing so we will see if I’m back on AITA asking if I’m an ahole again lol
321	1	 AITA?  Asking for my wife. Reserving my judgement for diplomatic purposes.  &amp;#x200B;  ​My kindergarten daughter's teacher has removed a couple items in her lunch and not allowed her to eat it. They were dessert items along the lines of oatmeal cream pie cookies, gummies, etc... just something sweet. The packed lunch is very balanced and there is no straight up candy (chocolate, hard candy, gum) in there. The snacks are the "snack pack" size.  Otherwise the teacher is great and we have no complaints. Also, daughter is not going hungry bc of the teacher removing these items.
401	3	So I have two lawns, one scabby, lumpy old one behind the house, I and a new perfect lawn rolled out last summer in front of the house. The new lawn needed cutting several times a week to turn out nice, so the old lawn was forgotten.   Well, today I finally went to cut the old one, where the grass was knee high. I finished up, but noticed grass wasn't spitting out anymore.  Yes, I was an idiot and used my finger to clear clogged grass from the side outlet with the blade at full speed. This isn't some little electric mower, but a 173cc 4stroke with a mulcher knife.  But you know what? I'm off to buy a lottery ticket, because all I got was a numb finger tip and a nail that was instantly blue in some places, guess it will fall off in a few days. But I'm just extremely lucky to even have a finger tip to grow a new nail on.  TL;DR: was an idiot, got away with it with just a blue nail and totally numb fingertip.  EDIT: The much requested pic - it aint much, but you can see some blueing of the nail(no that's not dirt, and no I haven't cut my nail since the incident because it hurts), and a small cut below the nail:
990	2	 Ok guys for some context myself (m 27) and my fiancé (f 26) live in Ireland. My fiancé’s younger sister lives with us for college.  She left to go back home to their Mother’s home two weeks ago because all colleges here closed due to what’s happening right now in the world.  Their mother lives in the countryside with pretty crappy internet; the sister knows this and we told her this before she left but she still went. Their mother is also a frontline worker and is in and out of hospital every day. So the chances of catching the virus are pretty high.  Side note: I am doing shopping for my elderly grandparents atm as they have been told to “cocoon” by our Government and am trying to be so cautious with them.  The sister now wants to come back to us because she can’t get college work done because of the crap internet. But we have told her that she can’t because she is in contact with her mother who is in and out of hospital daily.  My fiancé’s whole family are calling us both assholes but I’m sorry I don’t think it’s our responsibility here. We never told her to leave. She left because she wanted to go home to her mothers.  They were both on the phone this morning to us, sister in tears, because she can’t get work done.  Idk guys are we in the right or are we the buttfaces here?  Ps after she left our house, our government extended restrictions for another 3 weeks, and have given our police special powers to arrest people travelling further than 2km outside of their home for non-essential travel.
328	1	So my neighbor and I were childhood friends. He moved away when we were like 12 and has now moved back in with his grandma (my neighbor). He has been gone for awhile, with short weekend visits every now and then. Anyways my friend’s fiancé comes to our door while I’m at work and asks my mother for the WiFi password cause my friend might’ve broken his arm falling down the stairs. She said she needed directions to the hospital, but my mom offered to go on our computer and look up directions for her. Her excuse was that she isn’t good with directions and needed to follow them on her phone..which makes no sense...but my mom isn’t very tech savvy so she had no clue. Anyways my mother called me while I was working, but I don’t know the password (I know the general thing, but I change the numbers around so I’d have to try a few times). So the fiancé goes home empty handed.   Fast forward a week (not home again) and the fiancé comes by a second time asking for the WiFi password so her and my friend can keep up with job applications and whatnot since apparently there is no internet at his grandmas house and they don’t have the money for gas to keep going to the public library to use their internet. The kicker is that my mother asked how my friend was doing after his fall. The fiancé says his *ankle* was not broken...even though she originally said it was his arm.  So am I the asshole for not giving them the password? I understand they may be down on their luck (he actually lost his license for a little while), but I don’t think that’s my job to remedy his situation.
905	1	There were two girls that would always bully this one girl in my class, for no reason. They made fun of her, catfished her and showed everybody the messages, and broke her glasses several of times. While we were in line coming in I over heard one of them say she was going to push the girl they bully, she started running and just out of instinct I put my leg out and she went flying down. She began crying and later we found out she broke her leg. It’s been two years now  however she can no longer run for some reason and sometimes still relies on her crutches.
11	1	I’m currently 38+2 days pregnant and expected to go into labour anytime as this is my 4th baby.   But for about the last month my husband has barely been around. He goes to work with his buddy usually until about dinner mon-fri. Comes home to eat dinner, watch the news, shower, and then goes out to see a different friend for the evenings usually coming home anywhere from 9-12. And then weekends are usually spent with these friends doing other random things usually not work related. When I have tried to talk to him about how I’d like him to spend more time with me he always says I need to make my own friends. Today his exact words when I said I don’t ask that much of him were “yeah I know but if you had friends you’d ask even less.”   Well he called this afternoon to tell me he wasn’t coming home after work and would probably be having drinks tonight with his friends and he then proceeds to tell me he fully intends to go to his buddies party next weekend as well.   I didn’t get upset and just said fine. Have a good time. Before he hung up he said if I needed him to call. My response was no I wouldn’t be calling. if I went into labour I’d be calling someone else. And now he’s mad at me saying that I’m being a child. But I see it as if he’s drinking this close to my due date and planning on drinking next weekend whether the baby has come or not then he clearly doesn’t care to be there. It’s not like I can call him and have him come home to go to the hospital with me drunk as a skunk. So am I really being unreasonable by telling him no I won’t be calling him if he’s not here when I go into labour?
28	3	To give some backround, I have PTSD, insomnia, and frequent night terrors.  One thing I have never done, however, is sleepwalk. This changed last night.  Somehow, I lost a complete 24 hours and during that time I walked around naked, tried to drive, yelled/screamed at my wife, and even punched her.  She got all this on video - and she says I wasn't really attacking her. It was more like I was 'punching air'. I was glassy-eyed - and it was if I didn't even see her or acknowledge her presence Luckily, since I was sleeping my punches were very weak (so she says).  Still, I am haunted by watching video of myself in a trance and haunted y losing 24 hours.  I feel terrible for punching and screaming at my wife.  She keeps trying to tell me it wasn't my fault, and she knows it wasn't me. That I was just sleepwalking.  I still feel terrible.
598	2	Their mom passed away six and a half years ago and I am not sure what they'd think if I told them the truth. I'm fairly nervous about everything to be honest but I'm hoping it goes well.  [Light] I'm not really looking for advice or anything; I just needed to say it.
964	2	My friend has a dishwasher she uses. So I went over to her house for dinner and I just refuse to eat anything off of her plates or drink from her cups cause it has that dishwasher smell…and it’s disgusting. She rewashed the dishes by hand for me but still I don’t like them. She says I’m being rude and no one has ever complained of a dishwasher smell before. So I said I’m sure they think it’s smelly but are just being polite. Now she thinks I’m being rude because the dishes and the dishwasher is clean and she showed me. Yeah they are clean but like…I don’t like it. AITB?
213	2	Girlfriend came home from a party very drunk. She was all over me and I pulled away to offer her a mint, as her breath wreaked of alcohol and was making me somewhat sick. She sobbed for two hours and still is reluctant to kiss me. Please advise.
931	3	So a few years ago I got really into this game called Counter Strike: Global Offensive. Like I didn’t have anything better to do than to play, I focused my life on this damn game. Meanwhile my grandfather was diagnosed with cancer and only had a little bit to live. me being me, I didn’t really listen I thought “oh he’s gonna be fine” but clearly not. All in all he passed away and I didn’t get to say goodbye because of this stupid game, so I quit playing and I will never play again due to me missing out on seeing him for one last good time.
323	3	Not today but some years ago I worked in a retirement home for the aged. All staff were to wear some sort of Halloween costume for the day. I didn't have much time or money for the costume so I found an old broomstick and made a cardboard cutout of a triangle. I covered the triangle with aluminum foil, I also found a hooded robe with long wide sleeves. Next I got some dark mesh to cover the face area and I was all set.  The next day when I was walking into the building for work I saw some of the residents. I waved to them and they seemed very agitated even for Alzheimer's patients.  I realized about the sane time as my boss saw me that the grim reaper costume may have not been the best choice for Halloween dress up day. I received a one week suspension.  TL;DR  wore a grim reaper costume for Halloween dress up day at a seniors home, scared the crap out of the residents, got a one week suspension
489	3	This happened to me on Monday this week, while making my usual weekly to-do list at work. I had jotted down about 10 items on a notepad, then checked my voicemail, and one message was from one of my colleagues letting me know he would be away from work Tuesday and I would need to cover some of his duties.  I continued my list with a few more points, then passed it off to my administrative assistant and asked her to type it up and email it to me, as I've done every week for the past several years.  I leave the office and come back a few minutes later and my admin assistant is giggling and blushing while typing out the list. She sends me the email, and I go read it to see if I can figure out what she was giggling about, and immediately I realize what it was.  When typing the point about my colleague, Jack, being away on Tuesday I simply wrote "Jack off - Tuesday" as a reminder to myself that Jack wouldn't be in, but which she surely read as me reminding myself to masturbate on Tuesday.   We ended up having a good laugh about it eventually.   TL;DR I wrote a to-do list which my admin assistant read and she interpreted one of the notes to be a reminder to myself to masturbate on Tuesday.
757	3	This actually happened late last night and I'm still waiting on a response from her. For some context I live in a studio apartment with my husband, 5 month old and 2 cats, Rick and Morty. My husband works out of town most of the time and We don't have a couch because I'm in school and decided an office was more important so we usually just lounge on our bed. My son sleeps in his crib.  Okay so husband and I put the son to bed and decided to take a shower together. Afterwards we gave each other foot rubs (still in the nude) and our cats decided they wanted to snuggle while we were hanging out on the bed. They're both 25 pounds and super fluffy and had cuddled up on  his chest and spilled over his sides.  I thought it was super cute and snapped a picture of the 3 of them. I showed my husband and he said he thought it was cute. Now here's the fuck up. I'm so focused on the giant purring cats that I don't notice my husband's huge, bushy pubes against his notably pale thighs in the corner of the picture. I sent the picture to my MIL with the caption "When dad gets home everyone wants a cuddle!"   I'm hoping that she doesn't notice them but I don't have that luck. Here's to never being able to look her in the eyes again.
618	2	My living situation is weird. I'm a 30-year-old dude living with a not-quite-40-year-old and his 8-year-old daughter. We're not in a relationship (people seem to assume that when you say you're living with a dude), we're just both cheap and saving on rent.  Anyway, today his daughter knocked on my door while I was upstairs and asked if I would watch her while he went to the store. I told her yes, but after he left, I sent [these texts](http://i.imgur.com/xAfGgxa.png).  When he got home, he seemed really dejected, but I didn't want to talk about it in front of his daughter, so I later sent [this](http://i.imgur.com/w5jqBOJ.png).  I feel bad, because in a couple years of living here, this is the first time he's asked me to watch his daughter. At the same time, though, I feel like doing it for "free" even once sets a bad precedent, and I needed to put the kibosh on it.
772	1	I used to work at the airport for an airline company and I gave flights away to people for free. I had a lady that had her flight cancelled at another airline, come to my counter in tears that she needed to get to her destination by tonight because her mom was suddenly really sick. We were her only chance to get home and we had one seat left on the aircraft. Without asking she started showing me proof but I felt she was genuine and so I made her a standby reservation and then confirmed her seat. I smiled and said to keep it between us. The lady started shaking and  crying... all she could say was thank you. I told her I’m keeping her mom in my thoughts and I hope she feels better. I’ve done this about 6 or 7 times. All people were deserving of it. I was never caught.  There’s plenty of other times I let overweight bags go uncharged for large families or just nice people just not having the best day.. I’m talking about 20lbs or more overweight.   I just feel like traveling is expensive and stressful enough and sometimes, life just happens and we all need a break.
556	2	I'm a lesbian, and I've been with my girlfriend for almost two years now.   My family, including my sister, is all fine with me being gay and supportive of my relationship. However her fiancé comes from a very regressive and religious family, and while he himself is fine, his extended family is very traditional and anti-gay.   My sister gave me my invitation in person instead of mailing it, and explained that I wasn't getting a +1 because having a gay couple at the wedding would likely end up causing lots of drama with his side of the family. All my other siblings have +1s and are welcome to bring their (hetero) partners.  I understand where she's coming from but it still feels like such a slap in the face. I'm not going to try and force her to give me a +1, but I'm seriously considering not going. I love my sister but I'm not comfortable spending a whole day alone, while my other siblings are allowed to bring their partners, just because my sister wants to cater to a bunch of bigots.  I haven't said anything to anyone yet, but if I so stay home would I be the asshole?
753	2	In 1993, I was a 3rd grader in a class with a teacher I don’t particularly like. She had petty cash under her draw collected from pupils to be used for a room improvement (this was common in public elementary schools in my country of origin).  I belonged to row 1, I was the leader and that day it was our turn to clean the room after class. The teacher left me the room’s key. We cleaned but when I opened her desk’s draw I found notes. I took them without hesitation and pretended nothing happened. My group mates didn’t notice. I spent the money to play Street Fighter III afterwards in a computer game shop. Came the yearly closing exercises and awarding, I was awarded the most behaved kid in class at the same time received an award as the first honour. I’ve never told anyone about this until reddit…
446	2	[Light] We have a standing rule that nobody discusses GoT until the Wednesday after an episode airs (or discreetly do it with those who have seen it), to give adequate time for people who DVR'd it to watch it. This guy doesn't know how to just enjoy the story, and instead dives into every theory possible, or tries to get a monetary bet with different theories you come up with that he didn't (i.e. Who does/doesn't live until the next season).  and then ruins it with "making of" tid-bits.  When I walked in this morning, he stood up from his desk, walked into my office, and before he could get a word out, I just said "Discussion embargo...haven't watched it yet" and he turned around and walked out.   He's a cool guy and all, I just wasn't ready for the over-analysis this morning, but yeah, I watched it last night.
106	3	*This is how the weekend should have gone.*  1. Pick up girlfriend. 2. Drive to romantic location. 3. Pop the question. 4. Girlfriend &gt; Fianceé. 5. Celebrate.  *This is how the weekend actually went.*   1. Picked up girlfriend. 2. Got distracted on the road when I noticed a naked homeless man chasing down a dog who had a visible dildo in its mouth.  3. Got so distracted I never even noticed the truck in front of me slowing down. 4. Crashed.  5. Lost the ring in the accident.  6. Swapped romantic location for hospital. 7. Pissed off girlfriend's parents for almost Final Destinationing their daughter. 8. Pissed off roommate for crashing his car.  9. Pissed off myself for pissing off everyone. 10. Ended off this weird ass weekend with nothing to show but bills and bruises.  *Any plans I had of proposing have been put on pause until I somehow to unfuck life.*  **Tl;dr Planned to propose but got struck by a naked homeless man, a random doggy with a dildo, and a big ass truck.**
711	2	September 11th 2001 will always be a magical day for me. My uncle who had been diagnosed with terminal cancer was given the all clear.  My father finally achieved his PhD (the viva I mean). This was despite being told he would never realise any of his dreams because of his dyslexia.  Our pet cat (who is still going strong today) came into our life. She is the head of our household and once chased off a Rottweiler.  It was the start of our family’s move away from chronic problems to becoming happy.  Every year, I bless that day in the annus mirabilis of 2001 and its become a family tradition.  We were planning a get together over Skype to celebrate it this year and one of my American friends overheard and told me how disgusting he thought it was that “we celebrated 9/11”.  Honestly, we never realised. I am quite amused to be honest. Our cat is called “Ash” (she is a sooty colour and raised our family out of the ashes like a Phoenix). So that must have sounded bad talking about the “beautiful Ash on 9/11”.  TL;DR Family had an in depth discussion about celebration plans for September 11th while an American overheard.
248	3	This happened an hour ago sadly, I work as a delivery driver for a Japanese resteraunt and it was really slow. Me and a coworker who im cool with were talking about messing around on the computers we use to take orders, so i had previously tried making the most expensive order of filet mignon and we decided to see how high of a bill we could get. It started off at 100 dollars for a single plate, doing every customization possible and adding as much as we could to it. But then i had the fantastic idea of seeing what the highest we could get using the quantity function. We ended up putting $541,000 worth of spicy mayo and thought it was pretty funny. The phone rang and my coworker picks up the phone, and instead of pressing cancel, sent the order. I grabbed the recipt as quick as i could but the damage was done. Our computers couldn't handle roughly 1 million orders of spicy mayo and anytime we tried to open the order to delete it, it would crash. Our boss, who isnt the best at english noticed the commotion and saw the problem. We all tried fixing it but it was no use and he called support. It ended up getting fixed but my record of not making any mistakes was tarnished with my half a million dollar order of mayo.   Tldr: i ordered $541,000 worth of spicy mayo on our work computer and ended up messing up our conputers
976	1	My sister was mad about having to go do something that she didn’t want to do. She was sulking in her room and my parents tried to convince me to go talk to her about it. I said no.  Mind you that this situation has nothing to do with me and it’s my parents that are forcing her to go. A little while later my mom keeps pressing and says “go speak to your sister about it” and I straight up said no. The reason I said no was because every time my sister does this she’s super rude and has a lot of attitude even if I’m just trying to talk about normal things. But my mom said that was being selfish. I told her no and that I didn’t want my mood spoiled because of my sisters attitude. My mother then got mad at me and kept saying how selfish I was being and that she was just asking for a simple favour. So AITB?
733	2	I loaned what I thought was a friend $1500 because her dream dog became available for sale and clearly she stated, in writing she would pay me back a certain amount per fortnight. This hasn't happened.   It's now clear she's ignoring me, the "won't even open your message while I'm constantly online on Facebook," no responses on SMS and so really the only option for me is to take it to court.   Even though it's an unloseable case for me, it's still time and effort, with no guarantee of seeing the money if she's too poor to even pay back the abysmal rate we agreed on.  I found her mom on Facebook, and have drafted what I was planning on sending to her:   "Hey. You may not know me and I'm still unsure as to whether it's inappropriate for me to send this message, but your daughter [L] borrowed $1500 off me to buy that dog she now has. There was a clear agreement in writing as to what has to be paid back and when and she is not paying it back. I send messages, both on Facebook and SMS and she ignores them - I think that's a clear sign that someone's dodging their obligations. The next step is to sue for it, which in this case for me is unloseable, but I'm just wondering whether or not to avoid the legal fees she'd be forced to pay you could either tell her to finalise it, or you could pay me it directly and then take it up with her. Apologies if this is out of line, but $1500 isn't something you forget about, and really this is for her benefit and not my own. "  Is this entirely appropriate, or is this going too far?
119	2	i still remembering this incident as i seldom do something that i feel awkward or embarrassing. This happened in early education center when i was around age of 6, one this particular day my teacher brought her baby along to meet us after her long break after giving birth. Everyone was so excited to meet this new born baby girl. I was also one of those children and i curiously looking her (the baby) and trying to reach up to her. Then, a girl was holding the baby upon the permission of teacher while **A** (refer to teacher as i don't remember her name) was busying talking with colleagues without giving a full attention towards us. I was rushing to get hold the baby so does my other friends. Suddenly, i got the luck of having the cute baby girl on my hand but i have lost my balance as others also pushing around due to the crowd. At this moment, baby's head got hit to the wall next to us. A loud and high pitch baby's crying sound is blast out which is out of my league. I was astonished and at the same time , a little boy from other class took the baby trying to sooth. Right at the next second, A came and looks shook and glance towards the boy scolding him'' what have you done?'' i was staying silent and stared at him and praying solo not to be scolded by A while he did stared at me for a second he replied '' not me''. This incident end up, **A** took her baby to get some medical check up and still blaming him (boy) caused injury of her baby cause she believed child will never admit wrong doing. Since on that day, i have trying my best not to get seeing him, play or even spoke to trying not bringing up that memory.
166	2	Shortly after being deployed to the middle east my girlfriend of over 2 and a half years dumped me. Just found out last night she was pregnant with my child had had a miscarriage. And I'm happy. The last thing I want is a person who couldn't stand by me in my greatest challenge, and who has never had a real adult job raising my child teaching it shit morals, becoming a dependa sucking up my money trapping me in the army, and passing on her less than favorable genes to my kid.   My life would pretty much be over if she had my kid. But even so a part of me is sad to know I could have been a dad and now won't be. I very much so want to be a dad one day.   [conflicted]
965	2	I (F21) will be visiting family out of town from Christmas eve to New Year's Eve. While There I also planned to meet a friend (M29) for dinner.  He and I have been flirting for a while and were going to go out together. I suggested a few tapas restaurants that I have been wanting to go to in his city. I currently work as a pastry chef at a more high-end wine bar and am very passionate about cooking. I love trying similar restaurants to the one I work to get ideas and I've heard really good things about a few of the restaurants I've recommended!  I also commented that I like first dates to be in a more formal setting rather than just going to get pizza. I totally understand how that can come off as douchey and classist, so I did offer to split the bill. He made a comment about how he doesn't want to spend $50 for 3 bites of food, which I get! He then went off about how he doesn't think the venue should matter and that I shouldn't exclude a partner because of their class, and that my comment was a huge turn-off. I really didn't mean to come off as classist, Just have a limited window and wanted to do something more than get pizza while I was in the area. The restaurants I chose also were not the most formal. Most ranged from $10-$15 a plate and $20 for entrees. Additionally, He makes significantly more than I do and has many expensive hobbies. Now he doesn't even feel comfortable going out to dinner with me or being "judged for his low classness" and just wants to get coffee.  AITBF? Is there anything I can do to make this situation better?  (I also posted this in r/relationship_advice because I need an answer fast on this!)
246	2	So as the post says. Two students started to fight outside of my class. Thankfully they didn't hurt each other too much. I had to leave my class so I could break them up.  I don't like that students fight but my class is so boring. I'm teaching a subject That I don't know much about but because we are low on teachers i have to do it. I just felt how boring it was for me and the students so we all got a break when the students fought. Again I don't want my students to fight but I really needed that break.
760	2	My son(26M) introduced us to his boyfriend(23M) few years ago. They live together and they’re pretty serious, but me and my husband don’t know anything about him. We see each other often. I just know his age and name.   He’s financially stable, he owns a huge house, when we asked him where he worked, he just chuckled awkwardly and didn’t answer us. He never answers any questions.   Recently my son talked to me and said that he wanted to propose to him. I was happy for him of course. I congratulated him. Then we started talking about some stuff. He asked me opinion about him. I told him that I basically don’t know him so I don’t trust him that much, but since he loves him It’s his choice. He got upset at that and left pretty soon. He has been acting distant since that.
998	3	I was drunk with some buddies last night and we wanted to see what would happen if I made an only fans for my feet because I have massive feet, size 16 (US) or 49 or something in Europe. I posted pictures of just my feet, feet in socks, with mustard on it, in the bathtub and other stuff.  I forgot about it and after a few weeks I saw I had 25 people subscribbed to me, paying like 10 dollars a month. I told my wife about it and she's pissed, I don't understand why. I thought it was a funny joke, I told her I'd use the money to take her out to a nice restaurant or something. She says this is cheating on her and she's pissed.  What do you guys do? I dont find it as cheating and honestly, i don't care much about hte only fans, i'll delete it if its going to cause more problems in our marriage but she's pissed that I created it in the first place. IDk what to do.
609	1	 So every month or so at work my colleagues will bring in their homemade food and everyone will eat and pat each other on the back about the various food. Now I usually come up with an excuse to get out of eating, but I will bring in cookies or drinks to "contribute", and it had worked up until today. My co-workers basically confronted me about how I never eat because I'm "too good for their food" and other ridiculous peer pressure tactics and wouldn't leave it alone. So I straight up told them something like, "I don't know how you live, you could have roaches. You could have pets that you pet then go back to cooking, and I've personally seen a few of you leave the bathroom without washing your hands. It's not just your food I don't eat anyone's food unless I know their sanitary standards." Then I proceeded to read the TSB on my laptop. I glanced up and everyone was staring at me like I just said the most offensive thing they've ever heard. So AITA?
823	2	It started after reading about [this guy in Georgia](https://www.wrcbtv.com/story/39049814/dalton-police-searching-for-breakfast-bandit) who was apparently stealing food from multiple hotels. Out of pure curiosity and the desire to do something "bad", I decided to try it out for myself.  I live in a pretty big city (think top 10 in the U.S.) so there are no shortage of hotels around. Once a week or so to "treat myself", I'll target a hotel. I'll walk in confidently pretending I'm a guest, sometimes I'll even make up small talk with the front desk staff like *Hey just so I know, what time is check-out?*. I'll hang out in the nearby bathroom for 5 minutes surfing my phone. Then I'll come out to the breakfast station and absolutely demolish the waffles, eggs, muffins, pancakes, fruits, etc.  My city has lots of medium-rated hotels with good breakfasts. The best ones have been:  - Embassy Suites  - Holiday Inn Express  - Hampton Inn  - Fairfield Inn  - Springhill Inn and Suites  - Best Western  - Residence Inn  All of these are within 10 minutes driving distance. If I rotate through them all on a weekly basis, I only really hit up each of them 5-6 times a year. Spread out enough that the staff doesn't remember me; and of course there's lots of staff turnover each year so my chances of being caught are minimal.  I feel kind of bad about this. But the thrill is intense and it's a nice free hot breakfast. Hard to stop.
