xHe6WBPFINEHUIeq_5yEHQ	casual	Having worked in the Scottsdale Airpark area going on 9 years or so, I've eaten lunch just about everywhere. There are plenty of good places, but not many ethnic places... Indian Paradise has the distinction of being both great and ethnic. I've only ever eaten there for the lunch buffet, and it is AMAZING!  I keep thinking that I'm gonna be disappointed, eventually... But every single time I have dined here I have come away extremely satisfied and in dire need of a nap. I keep asking myself, how can it be so good? Is it cocaine? Cocaine in the food?! Is it?!  They have different buffet items on different days, but the the mainstay curry chicken remains a favorite of mine. On Friday there is a mushroom dish that I dream about... and on Thursday they have stuffed jalapenos that are a little hot but oh so gooooooood!  Be sure to save some room for the rice pudding, 'cause it's delicious.
wPb6f04NSnQc1aCPOR1sEA	casual	Their happy hour is crazy cheap!!!  The scene though is like a poor mans Rehab/Wet Republic, but I'm not mad! It gets really crackin there especially on the weekends (suffice to say, I was only there for a weekend hahaha). This is definitely a spot to checkout while in Scottsdale!
WS1z1OAR0tRl4FsjdTGUFQ	fast	The ever evolving menu changes again, But a coupon made it a decent buy.  I will admit my co workers 2 for 1 coupon is why we went in. This means ~3.25 per burrito vs the usual $6 range.  What I didn't like was that my vegetarian burrito did not have vegetables in it, it was just a bean and rice burrito with guacamole. I don't know how one gets the grilled veggies in their burrito but it is not by ordering a vegetarian burrito.  The drink and napkin station here has always been a bottleneck, getting a refill or more napkins is nearly impossible.  I do like the fact there there is Choula sauce in addition to the red and green tobascos. And I also like that the chairs are not nearly as bad as those at chipotle.  The best tip this time is get in before 12, otherwise be prepared for a long long line.
OzrOuMIig4Zvq1qyFutH2Q	fast	Being a total Asian bobaface in a generally boba-deficient state, I adore this joint. The chocolate mint smoothie is always on my mind if I'm in the Tempe area or passing through on my way north. I dig my boba firm and chewy, so I always ask for the drink to be made extra icy to chill the little pelotas to ideal suppleness. Eba has a pretty large menu and will gladly do flavor combinations. They use the proper plastic seal on the tops of the cups so you can shake the living daylights out of the drink (as one should). Also, Eba has free wi-fi and is close to the airport; it's our favorite pre-flight stop to do a final check of email.
qyNtVViurIcChc35mfYIEw	casual	They have anything from salads, pitas, wraps, burgers, and wood fired pizzas. Although this isn't a 100% plant-based restaurant they pride themselves on having many vegan options. Not only are there options, but upon visiting their site I found a table of what items are vegan, what aren't, and what makes them non-vegan (which is always nice to know). Great to have so many vegan options that are spelled out on their website. We expected a counter-service experience but were pleasantly surprised when we entered to find it was an actual sit-down restaurant. The vibe was a classy yet laid back, youthful feel. Most of the servers were high school or college age and wore regular street clothes (think Urban Outfitters style). I loved the laid back atmosphere of the servers even though it's a sit-down experience and really enjoyed the color scheme and tin plated ceiling. The food was absolutely FANTASTIC. Oh my. For an appetizer we selected the garlic dip with two pitas. The garlic dip is a mix of olive oil, lemon juice, fresh garlic, and smashed potatoes. If you love garlic, you'll love this. My husband chose the Falafel Pita which was topped with cilantro and spices, mixed greens, tomatoes, onions, pickles and tahini. He was very happy with his choice, although next time he'd ask for no onions. I went with the Veggie Garden Wrap that included zucchini, broccoli, cauliflower, eggplant, yellow squash, carrots, onions, tomatoes, brown rice, mixed beans, ginger, herbs and garlic. One thing we quickly found was that our entrees were HUGE. This is not a complaint in anyway. However, next go around we may share an entree. Either way, this visit, we had leftovers to take home for lunch the next day. Will definitely return.
Qn8vxCWqe8FL_5MNcc4tpg	casual	Yelpers giving this place four or five stars are either seriously misguided, don't have refined pallets, or simply haven't tried Bianco or Cibo. This place was over priced, had fairly poor service, and the pizza just wasn't that good. I ordered the sausage pizza. The sausage was pretty bland. They also screwed up my order by adding onions when I didn't ask for them. I've had my order messed up on pizzas before by having toppings left off, but never added on that I simply didn't order. Found that strange. I would have sent it back, but the waiter didn't check to see how everything was until about fifteen minutes after the food was brought to the table. I'd give Humbe Pie 1.5 stars if I could, but rounded up since it is better than Dominos and Pizza Hut. I went after buying the GroupOn coupon, but won't be returning.
3x3tJ8lGU1Y4wLqfHtqU1A	casual	"Some of my friends brought me here last night and the first thing that came into my mind was that this was a set up for To Catch A Predator. I was ready for Chris Hansen to pop out and grill me with, ""What are you doing here?"" If you feel like Kubrick's Lolita really speaks to you, as in it mirrors your life, then you've found a place to feel comfortable in your pervert skin.  If you're of age to consume alcohol, they've got a bar here. The thing about this bar though is that they're really sloppy about pouring drinks, ie. a Manhattan should not taste like a barber's cleaning solution. The decor and set up of this place really needs a face lift.  A few pluses though... If you're under 21, I could see how this would be appealing. I'll admit that the under-21 clubs that I went to when I was under 21 were fun, but now that I think about them they really suck. It seems like an alright experience if this is your first step into the club/bar world. The DJ's here spin pretty much straight hip-hop which is fine, it's very mainstream though and nasty bumping music.  If you go here you're one of three types of people:  1) You were dragged here by your friends 2) You're under 21 or, 3) Your usual excuse is a heart-felt plea, complete with waterworks, that goes something along the lines of, ""I swear, Officer, I thought she was 18!!!!"""
0rd-jRz43JDkx1ghoHnEXQ	casual	"Canal has been a stop on many a ""bar tour"" through the Waterfront / Old Town area. The bar always has a good crowd in the evenings and the patio is fantastic on warm nights. With summer finally clearing out and it now being possible to sit outside during the daylight hours, we made our way to Canal for some late lunch / day drinking on a recent Sunday. First off, what a great place to sit and people watch! This was the first time we had ever ordered food at Canal, so we were interested to see if the cuisine lived up to the hip decor and vibe of the restaurant. The baby burgers (3 of them) were served up on an ""English High Tea"" tray. Great presentation, and the actual taste of those little guys didn't disappoint.....ahi tuna / fillet mignon / ground chicken. The fillet was my favorite. What can I say? I like red meat! We also had the fish tacos.....delicious! A great experience, all around. We're definitely looking forward to getting back here for dinner soon."
iE1eq7kDacRwgvFZJmjfgw	fine	Went on Halloween night for dinner. Very good. The steak came out sizzling in butter, the way God intended good steak to be. Service was great but they put a bottle of San Pelligrino and poured it before asking us, now I would normally buy it because I like it and for $8 it is a nice add on, but they should ask first. Also, beware: the Wedge Salad is just iceburg lettuce and Blue Cheese dressing, NO BACON!! WTF? No Bacon, but I asked for a side and it was all good. Desert was just OK, and their side dishes were above average. Great for special occasion. Will go back. Oh they don't have jack on tap if you want a good draft. I was really let down with their poor beer selection.
6OFYUDvf2k4RXDfOomfi1A	fast	Corporate... Juice... PIMPS!!!  I lurve me some corporate pimp juice! I've been a fan of Jamba's juices for quite a few years... but over time, I had forgotten about the joys of Jamba until my sister (Reylynne W.) We went and I got something with oranges and strawberries in it... i unno what it had... but damnit it was good! :) Nice, clean and fresh, I loved every thick sip. :)
Zy2vca7i9QFGRKa4m0C__A	casual	"Let's rewind four years:  ""You've never been to Chino Bandido?"" ""No, what is it?"" ""How long have you lived here?"" ""About eleven years, but a bunch of those years were when I was a toddler, and I just moved back from a few years in Flagstaff."" ""And you've never been to Chino?"" ""NO. What is it?"" ""Amazing."" ""Take me there."" ""Okay.""  Yet we never went.  On the drive home from the Children's Museum of Phoenix, I realized that I was hungry, on a budget, and Chino Bandido was not too far off of path.  I ran the plan by my father, checking to make sure that would be an appropriate Father's Day dinner.  I received a confused look and thumbs up.  He's not the most adventurous when it comes to dining experiences, but is generally a good sport.  If my friend and I had been on the ball, I could have been eating here for four years.  Granted, I rarely have business around 19th and Greenway, but I could have made Chino Bandido my business.  We both ate a perfectly reasonably sized and delicious dinner for less than $10.  Three cheers for Caribbean influenced burritos and homemade teriyaki sauce.  Stevey P mentioned the only reason I'm giving four instead of five stars: If the dining room weren't so disgusting that I had trouble eating in it, it would easily be a five star place.  Wipe down the counters and tables, and perhaps give it a new coat of paint, and I'll be completely thrilled."
PG0itWTUdxdy39P9CTgAzg	casual	RIP  I drive by here every day but looked over and saw the place dark inside and the signage ripped down. They never did quite recover from the roof collapse thing. Was the only Vietnamese place by my work, now sadly, there are none. They should have offered Banh Mi for lunch. Woulda-coulda-shoulda.
oD3K3aT52uNdLaYmGnRV8A	casual	Decent bar food with all the servers dressed in Alice Cooper attire. I am being open-minded and starting this thing off with 5 stars. Minus one star for being a bit overpriced on the appetizer end. I ordered onion rings at $8 per order. Seriously, are 15 onion rings worth $8? Minus one star for not having any parking. You have to park a couple of blocks away in the ghetto area to find a spot. You will have 2-3 beggars asking you for change to and from your car. There was a dude who wanted to wash my windows for money. Minus half a star for putting the gratuity on the bill and charging for it. I hate that crap. Plus half a star for the waitresses who are dressed heavy metal-like wearing mid-riffs with the tramp stamp. I always wanted to date chicks like that, but was ummm...to busy with umm....other chicks chasing me down. Yeah, yeah, yeah, and I just umm...you know, didnt have time for them at that point in my life. I better stop my review now.
V6BYjHM9SnXscfkln3hCdA	casual	Great coffee shop with tasty lunch and dinner options, very good coffee and cozy atmosphere. A couple of critiques - I found the lunch and dinner menu a bit overpriced for what I received. I frequently stop in early in the mornings for coffee and a muffin (I live in the area). The muffins are EXCELLENT, unique and tasty . . when they are available. It doesn't seem like the pastry chef begins early enough in the morning to have pastries ready to go around 6:30 or 7am. Most other niche coffee shops I've been to in the Phoenix area have fresh baked goods ready to go early in the AM for early commuters like myself.
xYEKBSjs--YSN02SUQ__Tg	fine	"In a sentence: Culinary Dropout is a foodie mecca with its plush and lux furnishings, amazing location in the heart of Scottsdale but away from the duche-ery of Old Town, on point entrees that range from classic to what I call contemporary chef-y food, and its trendy lil touches like dishtowels for nanpkins and placemat menus.   After a short afternoon of shopping, I and the other Musketeers ventured into CD in search of yummy goodness... we weren't disappointed. We scarfed down the Pretzel and cheese fondue. Sorry, I can't remember the exact cheese used, but it tasted like cheez whiz without the nasty chemical aftertaste.   Musketeer #1 had the Shrimp Po' Boy sammy and was overwhelmingly awesome! With its fresh baguette, crispy shrimp and cole slaw topping, this po boy claimed to have died several times. The fries were good, I'm sure they are awesome with the steak. Musketeer #2 had the truffle egg scramble. She said that it was good... not bad... but not terrific. We love the truffle, and this did deliver however... it just missed something... je ne sai quai... just something. I stole a bite and concurred... the low point in a overall great meal.   and me, Miss Musketeer #3 had the coq a vin... a MUST! If that or braised short ribs are on the menu... they MUST be ordered! That's the rule my friends. My braised chicken was good, kind of on the sweet side, but over all very good, although the chicken did have an odd texture, it seemed to me that it could have used a few more hours in the oven. I think this is a dish best served before closing when all the flavors had their chance to really marry. We arrived at the top of dinner service and so the chicken was done... but barely.  Musketeer #2 and I both NEEDED bread and butter, our cooler-than-thou waiter was happy to oblige, even though it took a VERY long time t find him to ask for it in the first place. We capped off the meal with their ""famous"" Monkey Bread, it was definatly worth going bananas over! Warm, gooey, delicious and crazy sweet with its pull-apart goodness it didn't need the ice cream it was served with, but we certainly weren't about to send it back! The three of us died over that one!   To my yelpers I say: if you have the cash to spend (three of us cost a lil over a hundred clams), a few hours spend on dinner (we were there a while) and a NEED to reach foodie nirvana in order to keep from jumping off a cliff into the chain resturant valley... then this is the spot for you! Bring your most expensive IT bag, a pair of oversized shades, maybe a sweater (the outdoor heaters really didn't work) and your most predestroyed designer deconstructed jeans and get ready!! It's gonna be a blast!!"
ttpZx2t4fMAApdU9MFG91w	fine	"Blue Martini hosts ""Take The Stage And Be The Lead Singer Of The Band"" on Monday Nights. Usually there is a band that sings top 40 but on Monday nights anyone can go up there and sing. My friend loves karaoke and was dying to get up on stage and have her moment so I went for moral support. BTW she rocked! Most bars are dead on a Monday so I was surprised that there was a decent crowd here. No cougars in sight the whole night! The drinks specials aren't that great but you can get $7 specialty martini's or if you go with a group of people you can split a bottle of vodka for $100."
OkRzw22eDg45do8i-1jHow	casual	when i worked in retail my paycheck was spent before i got paid. therefore, i relied heavily on coupons and splitting meals w all of my other poor college friends.  well, i hit the jackpot. $15 coupon for a FEAST. the picture on the coupon showed everything we would get: a huge steak, shrimp, and lobster PLUS 2 sides. there were 3 of us- this was PLENTY.   it was prom night too so we were initally fooled with how popular it was. popular for prom girls with light up clear shoes (not even lying), if that says anything about the crowd for you...  our waitress stops by our booth and just stares at us. one of my friend kinda looks around at me and our other friend, then back at the waitress. 'ill have a diet coke?'  then our waitress writes it down and doesn't say anything but looks at my other friend.  i lost it and started laughing. why isn't she talking to us? this is so weird.   we ended up asking for a different waitress, then found out the coupon was a big fat liar. you didn't get all of that. it just says you do but you don't. the food ended up being nasty. probably one of the worst meals ive ever had.   as we're leaving susy talks a lot waitress trips over my friend and it was all too awkward bc i couldn't control laughing.   awful food, awful service, AND the bathrooms were some of the grossest i had ever been in.   if wal-mart ran a restaurant, this would be it.
sI1bvFfUCeFVz1twmLJcAQ	casual	Well...I wouldn't get the dragon lady roll again but the shumai were good, and the rainbow roll was good. Too many mayo/cream cheese rolls on that menu. Not even busy on a Sunday night with the BCS game in town. Nice atmosphere.
6eax0w8j0tudDOkvWgmQ7A	casual	I am changing my review - lately because of bad economy, they are not getting enough customers, their food quality has gone down. I won't waste my time or money on this.
trAvQPp7gps0Btk-2AmLpw	fast	I had Smashburger for the first time a couple of days ago and I was not impressed. My burger was way too greasy. The smashfries were good but they were greasy as well. I'm not expecting for my burger to be dry but there is a major difference between juicy and greasy and they crossed over into the land of the grease. And they were heavy handed with the salt. Unless I want my sodium intake for the week in 1 day, I would suggest that they move away from the salt.  They are similar to Five Guys in that they have no combos but they have more options. I can see what the appeal is and maybe the cook was having a bad day but between the grease and the salt I will not be going back unless I have a death wish.
68euKezXqyvsE49cIGdL2A	casual	OH T.T.   at first you were intimidating...all these crazy people fumbling out of your doors....the odd screaming coming from the patio. Not to mention your lack of elbow room that causes your patrons to drunkenly shoulder check each other all night...but now i've grown to accept you. I don't love you yet...i'm still seeing other people...but i feel that we may have a future. see you soon T.T. like in a couple hours....
LMjl-bvnCZKhMrc2OT9ptg	casual	Sorry Banana Leaf... I'm usually not picky at all but the Thai Curry Tofu and Vegetable dish I picked up last night was awful. Really... it was almost not edible. The packaging was not great, so it kind of spilled a bit in the bag - not a good start. Perhaps the curry is the 'yellow curry' that Jenny R refers to in her review - maybe the chef should taste it before serving it - it was nasty! Seriously, I've had better Asian food from the food court at the mall before! I will say, you did listen to my request to add eggplant to the dish - thank you... but if someone requests eggplant, perhaps you should make sure it's cooked fully next time. I had a bite that was barely cooked - it was crunchy. So, needless to say - I don't think I'll be giving you another shot. First impressions sometimes last a lifetime. Sorry Banana Leaf!
lXUaypwLG_rIU4qnpBmF-A	casual	"Went here for lunch a couple weeks back and told myself I would write a review...i completely forgot! :( But today I drove by it and it reminded me to write a review.   First thing is...Value.....You get a ton of food....for basically nothing....they have daily specials that are always good but their burritos that can stuff a horse are like 3$....Be warned however that they dont tell you this....so when you order a burrito and 3 tacos because you think it cant be much food due to the low price......you'll know.   I got a burrito with pork and it was delicious...too many beans for me but thats easily correctable next time....by time I got half way...I knew there was no way I was getting to taste the ""famous fish tacos"" if I kept going. So I stopped with the burrito and moved on to the fish tacos....yum...they were very good....I still prefer the burritos..but as a lighter meal you can do the tacos and be very full and very happy. Again...beans were a bit much but Ill just ask for light beans next time.   They also make these flavored lemonade slushis there that are pretty tasty.   All in all a very friendly place with friendly owners who live up to the name of the place and they make great food for VERY affordable prices.   When I was there they were Cash Only...I dont know if that has changed...but bring cash just in case."
VpW40mznMS43CqdbelX2wA	fine	"I was surprised here for my birthday and it is a very romantic, old-school, traditional great service kind of place. The low lighting and small dining rooms make for a great ambiance. The dual menus, one french-ish and one southwestern-ish are sort of on odd pair, but it is Scottsdale. The appetizer, shrimp ""beinets"" were simply breaded, fried and very greasy while the lavender dipping sauce and salad that came along with were much more appealing. Both our entrees were wonderful and perfectly cooked - so well in fact, the sides were essentially meaningless, even though I remember them as fairly good also. So if you find yourself here, keep the Ahi Tuna and the Wild Boar in mind. The wine menu is extensive and filled with surprises. The wait staff were classic in service, yet easily engaged in conversation and very friendly. They only acted snobby for the people who expected it, we on the other hand provided the Diamondbacks/Rockies scores and had a great time! We ended the night with great Grand Marnier birthday souffles. Great place, people and food - we would go back."
werWnE_3k8GYVaMuUcWw4g	casual	Not that my review will mean much given the more in-depth reviewers but I will chime in nonetheless...  I can really only review one dish, the #3 lunch special, Yellow Curry Chicken. I don't know what the authentic name for it is, Kang Karee something or other. It's so tasty that the first time I had it I knew I'd never branch out. Good lunch spot if you work around downtown. Not the quickest service all the time and can get busy during lunch, but always consistently good. Fairly dim inside, a good place to forget about the sun on a summer day.
3utuLtXNNvXAzwTgpyD9vQ	casual	This is that place next to the REI off of Southern Avenue. No real ambiance or service to speak of - it's just a little strip mall burrito joint.  I ordered the Devil's Shrimp burrito or burro or something, I don't know. I don't guess I stopped to think about what meaning exactly the word 'devil' might carry in the name, but I found out - it means HOT. Like hotter than pepper spray hot. And yes, unfortunately for me, I do know what pepper spray tastes like - I had this friend in college back in Austin, and one drunken night his crazy little brother Michael slipped me a shrimp that he'd soaked in pepper spray. Lemme tell ya, that was pretty F'in hot, but not even close to the devil shrimp at Taco Nazo. I'll be back, but only to take Michael there when he comes to visit next month. Beware the devil's shrimp.
Xk41spRMMo2C7Nn8YQIL0g	fine	"5 stars? Definitely!  Upon walking in, everything from the atmosphere, decor and staff was warm and inviting. We each ordered a 3 course meal, and agreed on different selections. The addition of a homemade mozzarella appetizer and an amazing dessert meant we each tasted 8 dishes that night. 8 amazingly unique and delicious dishes.   We tasted from every section of their menu, including raw (butterfish and albacore), cooked (gnocchi and risotto), and meat (short rib and pork belly). Pretty much everything was ""my favorite,"" and a couple of glasses of Barbara complemented the meal perfectly.   It was pretty quiet on the night we visited... if I may make a suggestion it would be to GO GO GO to Crudo. Like, now."
c7VgGP8xT25OSReok6fwcQ	fine	Located in the space formerly occupied by LGO's short lived Radio Milano, the north side of Campbell has been reincarnated as the Arcadia Room, a private dining facility operated by the aforementioned restaurant group.  I dined here recently for the hubby's work dinner. Unlike so many private facilites that feel like a corporate conference room, the Arcadia Room is a cool, casual, restaurant - all to your self.  We had about 60 in our group, and had plenty of room to mingle at the sleek bar lining one side of the room, or gather by the open kitchen.The weather was blazing hot when we were there, but there is even a lovely little patio outdoors for guests.  I think this would be an ideal location for any work or social occasion where you want an intimate atmosphere combined with reputable fare.
L-GfuOmn9mv55571uXvf2A	casual	the owner was dishonest, she posted a menu outside with lower pricing to attarct traffic, and then charge higher pricing menu inside. she also charge me 12% sales tax, which is illegal in tempe, which suppose to be only 9.3% very rude manner, not recommended
3HciJAVduCRoPDdzgh7cAA	fine	"A girlfriend and I have been meaning to check Bombay Spice out for a while but have never gotten around to it until last night. (I found a great deal on LocalDines.com -use ref # 102729 if you sign up! Also, checking in with FourSquare got a us a deal! )   We ended up going a little later (8ish) so there wasnt a wait or a crowd at all which was nice because the venue is a little smaller. The bartender was very friendly, our serve was a little distracted and took a little longer to respond to our needs but she was very nice.  We both had wine, the ""single glass"" serving is actually 2 glasses in case you are torn between splitting a bottle for $20 or just buying a glass for $6.  I recommend the Falling Star Cab, it was full bodied and very yummy. The other wine we tried was the Hob Nob Pinot Noir. It was great, it had a delicious combination of earthy and sweet tones to it. (I am not very good with wine lingo, but those are my unofficial terms that make sense to me.)  Neither of us were very hungry but we wanted to sample the fare so we could at least see if we wanted to come back. We got to choose either a free humus or a dessert because of my deal for checking in on FourSquare (POWER NERD! I know.) I really wanted to try the mango sorbet but we opted for the chickpea hummus and roti bread. For those of you, like me, who aren't sure what roti bread is- its much lighter than pita bread and a little thinner than a tortilla. Its very tasty. The hummus was very good, and they garnished it with diced tomatoes, onions and cilantro which i loved!  We also ordered the seared eggplant. It was AWESOME. It was a large slab of eggplant with a black sauce that was herby (thats a technical term in case you were wondering). They also served the egglplant with a yellow sauce drizzled on the plate which was sweet and very good, in addition to a small scoop of a red chili sauce (our waitress told me the name and I couldnt remember it for the life of me) which was spicy...I really loved this sauce it was the perfect amount of spice for the eggplant.   I will be going back here to try the curry and some of the other things on the menu i cant pronounce.   There are a LOT of vegetarian/vegan dishes clearly marked on the menu. Their menu also boasts that everything, except for 9 or 10 items, is completely Gluten free.  Good experience, definitely looking forward to trying it again for a full meal."
iLtSto_Tgu2yaj_r_iohAg	casual	I live in a town where I can find 5 Filipino restaurants in a 5 mile radius. So when I came to Phoenix for work, I wanted to see what the Filipino restaurant scene was like.  Like the previous reviewer stated, there are very few Filipino eateries. The supermarket that I found on my GPS was closed, so I found this one on Yelp. Overall, I would recommend to go to support the local Filipino restaurant.  When you first walk in, you start in the bake shop area where you'll find cakes and pastries on display. I wasn't sure if I could seat myself, but I was greeted and seated. There were two other tables filled with about 8 people eating including myself. What concerned me is that 2 of the other folks were the only other Filipinos - as I tend to judge all ethnic restaurants by the number of people of the same ethnicity.  But that logic doesn't seem to work here were the demographics of Filipinos seems relatively low.  I was craving Sisig (grilled pork - which is my favorite at Ongpin in South San Francisco) - but they didn't have that. On the whiteboard, they had Sinigang na Baboy (pork) - so I figured I couldn't go wrong with one of my favorites.  Since I was here on business, I figured I'll order a few other things including the shanghai lumpia (eggrolls), Halo Halo, and topped it off with Hot Pandesal.  The Sinigang was served in a bowl with 3 pieces of boneless pork. The meat was very tender and you can pull it apart with a spoon and fork. The soup was a little on the salty side since they may have put a little more tamarind mix, but that I might just be a little oversensitive about my sodium intake.  I couldn't help but think that I was eating at home or a family friend's house. Included in the sinigang was spinach, string beans, eggplant, a small potato, and cut onions. What was missing was dikons (those white radish things). It wasn't bad, and it wasn't exceptionally delicious because nothing compares to home made sinigang. But this would be the next best thing. I ate all the meat, and had quite a few eggplants left.  The shanghai lumpia came out shortly afterwards. The portion was pretty large and I could have shared it with someone else. I didn't care for sauce that it came with. I wanted vinigar, but a filipino family came in and there was only one server.  If you ever had Halo Halo at Ongpin, you'd find this lacking. It is served it a large plastic cup. What was missing is the ube ice cream. In fact, there was hardly any ube in it. There was a spoonfull of the leche flan, but I didn't finish it.  I actually ordered the Pandesal later, this version was like two very large dinner rolls served with butter. The bread had a fresh out of the oven taste.  The restaurant section was clean, with standard fare dining. There was a large flatscreen tv with TFC playing.  Last week, when I ate there, they were just written about in the local paper, but I didn't get to read the review.  They accept Master Card and Visa, but not American express.  I would eat here again to try some of their other dishes not because I want to support my fellow Filipinos, but because the food is actually worth having again. I took some photos of each dish with my iPhone, so I'll have to figure out how to upload them.  This is actually my first review because I was hoping to read more about Philippine restaurants in the area, I only saw this one. So I figured, I should also contribute!
r9sGMJ084n4IS9eGmlCKjg	casual	"Not impressed and probably won't be back. I came for lunch and was immediately turned off by the lighting and décor. I sat down and began to peruse the menu when I saw ""Ask server for bento box selection"". I asked the server and he looked at me as though I had grown a third eye. He told me they didn't have bento boxes.. I showed him the menu to which he said ""hmff that's weird"".   None of the lunch items on the menu struck my fancy so I ordered the lunch special. I got the chicken katsu, it was over fried, hard and dry. The accompanying mammas roll had an overwhelming mayo flavor. And guess what? It came in a bento box.   There are a ton of great sushi spots in this area so Shogun really needs to step it up to be in line with their competition. (Thank God for Yasu's!)"
ybXlbfOjrKDdz5NoC-G9Gw	casual	This is a little hockey dive-bar located in the Arcadia area.  TV screens hang above the bar & as you look behind the bar you can see the hockey rink and players.  Enternaining as the other review said.  I had Dunkel Hefeweisen and my girlfriend had a Corona.  Good times as a group of kids played Rock Band and sang off-key Nirvana covers.  I like this little hidden place.  Just be prepared - it's your average little bar for the average Joe guy.
jfDBaBgwINrGYAo8p2MJ4g	casual	"Saigon Nites is one of the few Pho joints on the North side of town. I ordered me a bowl of Pho as usual, but I think the waitress made sure I knew what I was ordering, so she repeated and asked ""Beef Noodle Soup"" ... Yes, ""Beef Noodle Soup"". I forgot I'm in N. Scottsdale where culture can be lacking at times. I'll have me a bowl of Asian man soupy stuff and some noodles - wink! I also ordered some ice coffee with condensed milk - can't have Pho without one of these drinks. Overall, the Pho is okay. I'm somewhat of a Pho Nazi and this didn't really past the test. My ice coffee was excellent - Why? It was served just right! Not too strong and not too lite. I'm really used to having it strong and simmering it off with some water to weaken it. Not today my friends! Service and ambience is okay. I really enjoy the Vietnamese art here especially the portraits of the Ao Dai...Girls in Ao Dai - oh my! - Enjoy!"
mqQwChPNN4o4DhAzaGntIA	casual	My GF says Take me out for a rum drink, I says your wish is my command.   Beautiful little restaurant opens at 5 downtown. A very kind sir welcomes us in. I see the rum punch and I order up. Now this rum punch is delicious but I would have liked it to be stronger, ya know 'Punch' $5. I decided to add a shot to our drinks with a Haitian five star rum.$8.   We also had an app of Cuban style pork tenderloin sandwiches using fried plantains. My Gf enjoyed them I just am not crazy for plantains. Anyway cozy seating and we had a good time.
OFiQ34TNKEE5a00Vd8Kwsg	casual	I came here after having wanted to try this place for some time. I love hamburgers, and a good burger is a real treat for me. Nothing complicated really, just a good well made burger. When my date and I arrived, we liked the interior. The place was smaller then I had anticipated. Very narrow seating. Anyways, service and menu selections were excellent. I went with the traditional burger, and my date went with the Panini. I went with the French fries, and date went with sweet potato. I loved both. The excitement of my night was the fries in the shopping cart!! Anyways, I was happy with my experience here. I would return, and liked my food. So did date. Aside from tight seating, lovely place!
svFHdh6ahq52dWxGqOMMsg	casual	"We went here on a Saturday afternoon and this place was incredibly empty. They had brunch specials going on, including $2 bloody mary's and mimosas, but we were more in the mood for lunch. Except for the bloody mary, I had to try one. It came out in a high-ball-sized glass. Boo! But it was really tasty. Yay! The hubby remembered a sign outside the restaurant a few weeks back that said they had Arrogant Bastard, and he got a 22 oz bottle for $4.75. Hey, that's not fair!! Next up: the wings. We were a bit hesitant to order them when the waitress informed us that they are ""seasoned"" but not sauced, so they can't be ordered hot. We did ask for them crispy though, and the waitress even asked the cooks to throw them back in for a few minutes when they came out not visibly crispy. These non-traditional wings were actually pretty damn good. The seasoning was a little spicy and salty with just a hint of sweet. If I were in the mood for the tang and kick of Frank's Hot Sauce, these wouldn't cut it, but otherwise they were good enough to go back again for. My entree was the Tilapia salad, and I was a bit disappointed. The fish was a bit dry and uninspired. And the greens underneath were overdressed and wilted. I ate the greens around the fish and picked out the almonds and Mandarin oranges, but I had to leave the mush hiding underneath the fish. It wasn't bad enough to say I wouldn't go back, but I won't be anxiously awaiting my next trip."
0Gu2cpJ5x9ZZfDDHohBY_A	casual	I just thought I'd post an update. I planned never to go back, but was with a friend who really wanted one of their breakfast items. I skipped ordering ANY food whatsoever and merely ordered coffee and watched her eat. As fate would have it, she had a BACK HAIR in her scrambled eggs (we are 2 for 2 now). My gag reflex is going off as I type this. My husband, friends, and I have renamed this place the Black Hair Diner, and we've decided they have actual black bears cooking in the kitchen, since they can't seem to keep black hairs out of their food.
Pyu7o8W7I5l4h1-QhgGJBA	casual	"How have I not sang Scott's praises yet? Well, here I go!   Do you want a place for a good, solid, stick to your ribs breakfast without being too frou frou? Scott's is the joint! It's a Jewish deli in the middle of my neighborhood! I was so surprised that I hadn't noticed it before! Chrissy P invited me to join her for breakfast one morning and I was just blown away! On my first visit, I had the eggs Benedict. My only complaint was that my eggs were a tad overcooked, (not runny) and I wished for more hollandaise sauce.   For my second visit, I brought my little sis and her BFF and we chowed! I had the Hash Mash and we shared an order of the french toast. I don't know why I challenged myself to my own personal ""how much breakfast can you stuff into your stomach"" contest, but I think I won. Everything was so good! There was nothing to complain about.   I wish I could go to Scott's every day for a hearty breakfast! The dishes are simple, the service is straight forward, and I have NEVER walked away hungry. I will return very, very soon!"
TwMfahsPHFnkLiqqvyalAQ	casual	"This place hits everything on my ""it's Awesome"" list.  First off it's a family run little place. Second it's in a hole in the wall area. Thirdly and most importantly it is all made in house.  Fourtherly it is awesome  We were in Gilbert staying at a friend's house for spring training, GO DODGERS!!! We hit the usuals, Waffle House, Dunkin Donuts, Dodger Dogs at the game, and our friends asked do you like sandwiches? If there is one food group that I love, it has to be the Sandwich group, and  this place is one of my top 5 sandwiches stops of all time.  We ate in the Lounge(y)(ie) area, which has a more adult vibe going on. We first started with their fresh bread, and tomato basalmic vinegar salsa(y) thing. Which was great, we had two rounds of that while we drank our beverages, and waited on our sandwiches.  I ordered the Cuban sandwich with the potato salad, and the wife ordered the Chicken breast sandwich, with pasta salad. My sandwich came out perfectly, from the fresh Ciabatta Bread to the outstanding roasted pork.   I would order this pork just by itself; it was juicy, and full of flavor, just like my Cuban grandmother makes. While this sandwich is a true Cuban sandwich, not using swiss, and not being pressed, it is not advertised as an actual Cuban, just a Cuban style, like me.  Now this potato salad was some of the best I have ever had, and not just because it had bacon, which is awesome, but the use of yukon gold potatoes, instead of red, or russets has been a revelation to me. This is how I am going to prepare all off my potato salads from now on.  After all that I still ordered the carrot cake, which like everything else is made in house with local ingredients, it was warm with a not overly sweet cream cheese frosting. The wife got the lava cake with some beer ice cream. Even though I ate most of my carrot cake, and loved it, I wish I had a full gallon of that beer ice cream, it was just perfect. In fact I am planning another trip out that way, just for that ice cream."
YCCDMLcb7UW8G-o_HsWiiA	fine	"While staying at The Pointe Hilton Tapatio, we decided to eat here for our anniversary dinner. To sum it up, I've had everything better somewhere else. Nothing blew my socks off.   Hubby is eating mostly vegetarian right now (due to a health concern), and he did really like his ""wild mushroom"" rigatoni. We weren't sure what was so ""wild"" about criminis and portobellos, but the pasta was in a light sauce with plenty of other veggies. His French Onion Soup was better at Capital Grille, my antipasto plate was far better at Craftsteak, and my ribeye was far better at 1130. They did serve a neat wedge of au gratin potatoes- multiple paper thin cheesy slices cut into a triangle. The gins are standard, but Hubby had a nice Bonny Doon Riesling. The free anniversary creme brulee was on the runny side, the vanilla was indiscernible, and the sugar crust was too thick- Ruth's Chris still wins that one in my book. Did I feel dinner was worth $120? Not so much.  The service at dinner was great, and it was fine at breakfast. Again, everything was decidedly mediocre and way overpriced. I've had a better Belgian waffle at IHOP, my bacon was limp, and the coffee not what I would expect from the Hilton. Hubby's BLT breakfast bagel was better.  Come on, Hilton! Is this the best you can do?"
ujLZmyy11g1JHCQTxRA3Dw	fine	this was my first visit to a Sizzler and I thought it was pretty good. The shrimp dinner I ordered was not that great but the salad and dessert bar made up for that. The place is no Golden Corral by any means but what they got is pretty good , you will leave with a full belly . the service was good and I was able to make a strawberry shortcake from the dessert bar. So I will say YAY I am a fan!
yLJeaZrH826Udsh_G8ZP2w	fast	"You are seeing a continuing trend here. When it first opened it was a 5 star place but since then the pizza has been inconsistent and going down hill. The last pizza I ordered, the crust was soggy and it had too much yeast. The cheese was also too rubbery and tasteless.  I grew up watching 90210 like many of us ""old folks."" They had the Peach Pit. Do you remember that place. Well Jimmy and Joes is the pizza version of the Peach Pit. Yes, me and my 30's felt age inappropriate when I arrived. And I immediately felt like I was in high school again when I went to grab a tiny ketchup cup to grab some wing sauce and they said it was 60 cents. Another person walked in and they gave him a hard time because he didn't have his coupon on him even though he read the coupon code over the phone. It had that high school vibe..you know the one I'm talking about the...""I owe you 3 dollars and I'll pay you back tomorrow."" vibe.  That vibe is felt when you park there. There is limited parking as it is and whatever parking they have, there are signs that limit you to 20 minutes parking almost implying they don't want you to eat there. I was too afraid to take napkins because I'm sure it had some price or limitation attached just like everything else there.  I've eaten here several times and I've reached this conclusion: eat at the place but don't pick up pizza here. JJ specializes in the one slice and drink. Their short slices are done well and if you don't eat it hot when it comes right out of the oven, it loses it's flavor fast. I've picked up pizza and it's almost like two different pizzas. When I picked it up, the cheese was exrtremely rubbery and the crust was so chewy like steak. This is a great place for a short lunch or a business lunch but I wouldn't order several pies if I was hosting a Superbowl party or had people over."
xBCfrESSbroTjhVcRfG4NA	fast	"OK OK... as a Proud Italian I hope my momma don't see this! I'm actually going to give D'moes a 5 star rating for a few reasons. Last Friday, me and my 2 brothers left the suns game, and proceed to put a few ""adult"" beverages back. At around 2am, when Haney's shut down, we had an overwhelming craving for crap pizza (its better than our normal Jack in Box at 3am run that usually ends up with someone puking in the drive thru line because the smell of the taco sauce is so amazing). Low and behold, the ONLY spot that was still taking orders (up to 2am!) was D'moes. Now, 1st off - I live at Summitt (by BOB). These guys gladly delivered to me, all the way down there! Major props for that. 2 - They understood me... considering I don't remember ordering the pizza (I woke up to pizza and wings boxes all over my pad, and me saying ""who ordered pizza"" then I burped... wing sauce and vodka is a healthy combo. 3 - apparently, after checking my voice mail, the driver was pounding on our door for about 5 minutes (we were REALLY jamming out to Rock Band, in case you don't know, were pretty awesome. Wikipedia that Ish ladies and Gent's; Kansas City Bullriders). Well, the driver and my door man both called 3 times. I'm assuming the driver eventually came in and grabbed the bass guitar and strummed it out. Maybe he had a slice with us? Who really knows these things. However, I do know that I was insanely impressed with D'moes... from the left overs I ate the next when I could remember. It was pretty darn good. Between the awesome'ness that is called ""their customer service"" and the legit taste it left in my mouth, I'm a believer, unless, if I say I'm not, will I get a commercial?... hmmmm.... Potential there...."
PEOP7kZ1E4BJx3YzLMrmpA	casual	So, for more than a year, I drove by this place on my way to work but never checked it out. I wasn't sure what to make of a place with a walk-up takeout window. Last night, I followed a group of friends there for a late dinner. Didn't try any appetizers. I just split a 14' Italian special pizza--sausage, green olives and fresh garlic. The pizza was pretty good, not spectacular but definitely a couple steps above a place like Mamma Mia's whose pizza has a fast-food quality at times. Red Devil is very generous when it comes to toppings, at least on this one. I am an olive lover but haven't had green olives on pizza before. I enjoyed olives in every bite. But if you think olives are just okay, you might have found it a bit much. The pizza was kind of big for two people and with tax, it was about $18. So, I'd say it's fairly priced.   I have to say that the service, more than the pizza, would draw me back. Servers who think of the little things before you even ask are much appreciated. We had a party of nine and our waiter was super patient. We also brought a birthday cake on the premises, which they allow. Our waiter started clearing all our plates and silverware and before I could ask, he said not to worry, he'd bring us clean plates and forks for the cake. He also saw someone with a camera and asked to take a picture. He just gave off a genuine vibe of being helpful. I would definitely consider it if in the mood for something casual but not carbon-copy fast food.
xcOncADGPr9eki8OU5Ln7g	casual	I was a regular at the Nello's on 48th st and Warner in Awhatukee, so I was pretty interested in trying this location out.  They are all owned individually so I expected it to be a little bit different which it was.  Still good, but I think I like some of the selections of the other Nello's better.  Not that big of a deal because I have already been here twice over the last 2 weeks, but I liked the soup of the day and the panini's they had at the one in Awhatukee.  Still a great place!
JRzrqJmsQ5AZ4bMQLUfyHg	fast	The staff is great, the food is great, even the cappuccino is great (had my first one today).  i work close by and I have a choice where to eat and it's very often Acacia for breakfast and lunch.  A few of my favs are:  - Chicken Salad Sandwich - Southwest Ranch Salad - Omelets  Enjoy! (maybe I'll run into you there)
KoIRdcIfh3XWxiCeV1BDmA	casual	"Our 1st visit to Renegade Canteen last night. We made reservations and were a little late getting there, but they had our table waiting which was nice because the place was packed. Atmosphere is very nice. Beautiful building and a nice layout. Next time we plan to eat in the bar. We had to try Bob's Big Burger and what a big burger it was! Quality meat (bacon was to die for). Big onion, big tomato. What more could you ask for? Mr. McGrath was in the restaurant and he came by our table to say hello and ask if we were enjoying ourselves. Great guy! And our waiter was very attentive (not pushy) but always seemed to show up at the right time. We plan on going back for sure. Give it a try. You won't be disappointed. Catch Chef McGrath on Channel 8 PBS ""Check Please, Arizona"". He does a good job and watching the show makes you hungry. Thanks Renegade Canteen for having us."
dnfSnHElLXntC6lWjomWPw	casual	"today was my second visit to the gyro house. i was craving something mediterranean and remembered this place isn't too far from work. located in a nondescript ... no, that's not the right word ... rundown ... nope, that's still not quite right ... ok, completely ghetto, half empty strip mall that also houses a chinese restaurant and a second hand clothing store, the place does not look promising from the outside.  inside, there are 15 or so tables, comfortable molded plastic chairs and an extensive menu to choose from. everything on the menu is fairly priced with the most expensive being ""dinner for 2"" at $21.95. fountain drinks are $1. sandwiches ($5.95 - $6.95) are served with fries. i had the homemade falafel on a pita with super secret spices, fresh lettuce and tomato (and onion, but i picked that out) and it was yummy! french fries were hot, crispy and unsalted. i prefer them that way ... this way i can salt to my heart's content. anyway, the place isn't fancy, but it is fresh and clean, family owned and serves up some really good food. if you dig fancy, look no further than the back of the restaurant where they sell some pretty fancy-schmancy hookahs, and prices look fair to boot! so there you have it ... homemade falafel, french fries and fancy hookahs. what could be better? to me, not much. gyro house has earned a solid 4 stars from me."
nvaAUTTl7oqiJDhuimNG6A	casual	Good food and good service in a convenient location to South Mountain. Great place for a weekend breakfast!
NonAmwnYs__eQGlzRYIBVg	casual	"We decided to hit up the ""Wine Down Wednesday"" that was happenin' at Tastings courtesy of KYOT. Here's what went wrong: The event is from 6-8 so we arrived just a few minutes (3 maybe?) after 6 so we could get a spot just in case it was hoppin'. We walked in and the hostess (she looks like she's possibly the manager or owner) asked if we were there for the event and then pointed us towards the back room where the event was being held. We walked in and there were about 7 tables and there were people at them all already. Talk about early bird gets the worm! We had to wait for about 3-4 minutes for the waitress to finish with a table to find out if we could sit on the patio for the event. She said yes and that she would be right out to help us. In the meantime another woman and her friend also took up at a patio table nearby. 20 minutes later the hostess/owner/manager looking woman came out and asked if we had been helped yet. We said no and she left only to return with a small happy hour flier menu which she just handed from a distance and didn't even come over to our table. I know you're wondering why I would wait the 15 minutes, but I really wanted to see just how bad the service was going to be and frankly, I just wanted some good $2 wine. It's been about 5 minutes and the same woman comes back with full, detailed menus and I asked if the happy hour flier was the deals for the event and she said yes and then asked if we were ready to order. Um, you just gave us the menus 10 seconds ago... By now I'm ready to just order and enjoy the meal deals from the event. I look over the happy hour flier and I see some app deals. They said there was a specialty appetizer menu. Not so much, but whatever. I can deal with that. Then I see the drink section. The claim for the event was $2 glasses of wine. I was excited to try some nice new wines on the cheap, but again... not so much. In reality it was $4 glasses of house wine which only consisted of three different wines that weren't really what I was looking for. By now, the other women that were outside decided to leave having had enough of this shenanigans. We decided (after 30 minutes since we arrived) to go next door to Sprouts, get some apps, and have our own ""Wine Down Wednesday"" at home. I bet there are plenty of people that will have good experiences here and continue to visit happily, but this one experience has caused me to write them off for good (which I don't usually do after one instance). I wish that I could actually review their wine and food, but the service was so poor and substandard that it's not worth giving them my money. I understand if the food isn't good at a restaurant - some are just better or more talented than others. However, any business can and should have good customer service. I think this is where the cliched line of ""if I could give them less than 1 star I would"" comes in... Oh yeah, and I slapped down a ""You've been Yelped"" card as I left. Take that Tastings!!"
YzHtlphJ-5LDtJdNzKs7Fg	fast	A Mexican friend  of ours recommended Arriba's. We usually order take out, the 2 times I ate at the restaurant, service was poor and food was not as good.   Luckily, every time we order for take out the food has been very good. The chips and salsa are always fresh. My husband likes the chicken chimi platter and we had try the carne adobada pizza, plate and sampler platter. I like the way they seasoned the food, not too salty and you can taste the spices. Leftovers taste better (though maybe mushy) the next day.  So, service and food at the restaurant will be a 2, but since I always have a great take out experience, I'll give them 4 stars
hkKvb6oXxn8ygoP5fFln1g	fine	Great little restaurant. The staff is super friendly, and their happy hour specials are pretty amazing. I got thePanko crusted Tipalia which was a little dry, but my girlfriend's stuffed mahi mahi was delicious. The Horchata bread pudding was really good too. They have a nice patio where most of the customers sit, I will be bringing my dog with me next time. It is a bit expensive, so be prepared to drop some money, but it's definitely worth checking out.
PdWe3jF9YEu5fWBiQXZIgg	casual	Alright, so here is my two cents on Brat Haus. I suggest to steer clear of the brats I tried (Beer Brat & Spicy Thai). I found them a bit dry and bland. I also found the pretzels less than fabulous. I do suggest to try to big, juicy, tasty, meatballs. Much better choice. The outside patio very cool, an open fresh space with plenty of seating and a big ol' wall of funky art. The service was also friendly, and attentive and fair prices. Overall, it's totally worth checking out if you are in the area and in the mood for something different.
ItMihRR-t810HgctGofF3g	casual	I don't have much to compare it to, since this is the only Venezulan restaurant I know of in AZ.  It's very small, definitely family-run, with what looks to be the adolescent son taking orders and bringing out drinks.  The young man who seems to be the owner shares the space with Rosati's.    My foodie group saw a write-up of this place in the newspaper so we decided to trek out to Mesa.  It was pretty darn good, especially for the price!  They were out of Guayanes (the newspaper had recommended this arepa) so we ordered three other arepas.  In case you don't know, an arepa is a corn fritter type sandwich.  We had the queso de ano, which appeared to have a salty cheese and potato in it.  It was very yum.  We had reina pepiada arepa, which was  like a mayonaise-y chicken salad with avocado- we didn't care that much for it.  But the Pabellon arepa with fried plantain, shredded beef, and black beans was a hit.  We also had the pabellon plate which was quite yummy with the best fried plantains I've ever had.  Oddly, the rice was a bit hard and dry. The cachapas jamon and queso de mano was a favorite with my fellow foodies- kind of like a pancake sandwich with ham and cheese.  We finished with the quesillo (tastes exactly like flan to me) which was very good.  I'd say it's a bit of a drive for some of us, but it's definitely worth checking out.  Not for those looking for heart-healthy eats!
dH3E5EBlXU5s2Ev86iv3Cg	casual	Stopped in here for lunch today joined by Mike C. & Robyn N.  This was my third visit ever to a CB & the first time to this one.  I went with a Reuben Sandwich Plate, which included a cup of Cole Slaw & a cup of Beefy Cabbage Soup.  The service was good at this location, the atmosphere fun, the food delicious & the prices reasonable.  5 Stars!     :-))  Reuben Sandwich Plate $8.19
iXQQtpxSlzFyQoE9u3w-vw	fine	"Cork is an enigma. What makes it enigmatic is how damn good it is... Too good for Chandler and maybe too good for the valley. The portions are just right, and anybody that tells you otherwise is a fat ass or a glutton (I'm 6'3, 200lbs. and I was satisfied). If you want large portions though, go to their lunch/brunches. I've been there twice and had The Lamb Chop, which was amazing on all levels, and I've had some serious lamb in rural Bosnia, which has been labeled the best in their country... sure enough cork's stood up blow for blow. The other entrée I experienced was the buttermilk fried chicken. I was so amazed by the lamb the first time, that I had to try something more ""simple"" in order to qualify their food in regards to regular places. Let's just say the chicken was not regular, it was outstanding. The appetizers are crazy good... can anyone say king crab legs? The wine selection is top notch. the booze selection is killin, and they even make this amazing Italian lemon stuff that's like 90% alcohol. make sure you have a designated driver, because this place will inspire winos and boozers to indulge to their fullest. Go to Cork, because it's that damn good!"
QAWdgDgWaFJYzJ2pGDjmdw	fast	"We were excited to check out this new restaurant! We were left extremely underwhelmed. We sat in the bar to watch MNF. It would have been nice to be able to hear the game over the discordant pop rock music at a mexican establishment but I understand that you are not a ""sports bar"". It was Monday night and with the exception of a large group of blue hairs celebrating secretary's day the place was empty. The bar area managed to fill up, because the Cardinals were on tv and it seemed as thought the high tops and patio were busy as well. Our bartender Amanda was very polite and eager to up sell us their flavored tequilas and specialty cocktails. You can tell she was a little wet behind the ears but she was doing her best nothing a little training and experience can't fix. The wait time to receive a cocktail was excruciatingly long though being a former bartender I understand the complexity that new bars go though to develop new and unique cocktails. We ordered the pumpkin margarita. I applaud the attempt but personally it tasted like puréed baby food. I was feeling very open minded and wanted to experience as much as I could that TQLA had to offer so we ordered the salsa trio and chicken tortilla soup. Queso dip: cold Habanero dip: sweet with a swift kick afterwards: not bad Guacamole: good: but was gone after 2 bites. I guess they feel if they place the guacamole on a bed of green shredded lettuce it will look like there is more than delivered. Fail Chicken tortilla soup: Thick tomato soup with dry dark meat chicken chunks. Maybe it is just me but I prefer a more broth based ck tort soup and juicy white/dark meat chicken. Bleh: Amanda offered to remove it off our bill but I insisted on finishing mine because I was hungry. My GF pushed hers to the side; DNF. Meanwhile; whilst experience our starters we managed without any silverware or napkins and at this point Amanda being the only bartender on managed to become flooded with specialty cocktails in the well; thus not being able to properly oversee her patrons at the bar. Needles to say our drinks were empty, our plates, monkey dishes, empty bowl of chips, 2 cups of bland tortilla soup, saucers and wrinkled up black beverage napkins (used in the place of the real ones) were all tattering on the edge of the bar eagerly anticipating a bus boy to remove them. Onto the Entrees: I ordered the carne Asada steak. My girlfriend tried the habanero chicken platter. They were delivered by TQLA manager ""Joe"". Whom decidedly pulled himself from enjoying the football game to expedite some food. He crept up behind us and shuffled the entree platters in front of our faces after we spread our dirty dishes closer to the edge of the bar and politely stacked them for our ficticious busboy/girl to remove them properly. Now in my history with management; a decent manager would offer to remove the collection of dishes but instead he decided to ask us if we needed anything else since the look on our faces was disgust. Instead we opted to inform Joe that we would enjoy our meal a little better with silverware and napkins. He acknowledged that was a novel concept and proceeded to fetch us a pair. Joe wasn't six steps away before he was interrupted by a member of the waitstaff who informed him that what she needed was more important than delivering two setups to some first time customers so they could enjoy their ever increasingly cold food. At this point my girlfriends temper got the best of her and she jumped up and retrieved her own silverware off of a table in front of Joe and eager waitress to salvage any heat that might have been left in our entrees. We dig in: Carne Asada: was tender but lacking the Wow factor. Habanero Chicken: Tasted like a chicken breast smothered in their warm fire roasted salsa... What happened to the habaneros? Where is the heat...? Bland I hope they get better: but until then Nandos all the way. Never saw Joe touch any tables, never offered to help out a bartender who was swimming laps in an Olympic size pool. Occasionally the wait staff would come behind the bar and help out. This is about the time that our appetizers, chips, soups, and entrees were all removed from the bartop. FYI Joe, the hostess stand can hold itself up on its own. You don't have to stand there and hold it up. Keep an eye on your staff and customers and offer help where they need it so people will be happy to come back and give you a second shot."
UvK70rJjOGLx44Q4qsWz7Q	fast	"Stopped by one night late, only one guy working, probably the manager/owner based on him being on the phone and looking like he wanted to gtfo dodge attitude and not wearing anything quiznos related like most workers do... Food... subpar... it's a chain... it's hard to fuck up... but he did. There was no care in the making of the sub... I pretty much watched him throw it together, run it through the toaster tossed some lettuce on and wrap it up... I had chips in my hand... wanted a meal... he didn't ask and just rang it up w/o the drink... I asked what size cup to grab and he said ""oh you wanted a drink?"" Of course I wanted a fucking drink... I just stared at him like wtf man? Told him to keep his drink cause he'd have to re run my card... srsly it's a chain that gives you all the stuff and training to make a sandwich like the other 1000's of quiznos around the country... and you can't do it. If you hate customer service don't buy a franchise sandwich shop. Two stars... lucky it isn't one. I'm out"
yPJFfglhMHAKciUpjTmgBg	casual	Amanda B organized a UYE for Dim Sum here today.  They do Dim Sum from a menu instead of carts and it works really well.  They also have a picture menu to look at with many of the items on it so folks like me can have a better idea what to order just by picking the picture of stuff they liked on a prior trip.  We were pretty much the only folks there for quite a while and we had the full attention of the staff.  Not all of the staff is fluent in English but I can only recall that being a problem with the tea.  I liked my choices a bit better this time, experience helps, and Marian H was helping me with sauce pairings as there were several to choose from.  I almost gave them a 4 but for the restroom.  The fixtures had a lot of corrosion around them and in general the restroom showed a lot of wear.  I flushed the urinal and was washing my hands and it seemed like the running water was very loud, I looked over at the urinal and the valve had stuck and the place was indeed flooded.  I beat on the valve with my fist until it rocked back but by that time the floor was quite deep in water.  I mentioned it to the hostess and they had someone in there with a mop quickly.  I would definitely go back here again.
0CG3ns3gwWV5nOnfzSfUIQ	casual	I'm pretty sure that Palee's Crown is the best Thai place I have ever been to. The service is always great, and the Owner comes out to talk to us whenever we are there. The food is so amazing, I have never tried something that I disliked at all. I especially love the Pad Thai and the Currys. I am always full and completely satisfied by the time I leave. I also recommend trying the Thai Iced Tea to drink if you are like me and enjoy weird authentic drinks, and for dessert be sure to get the coconut ice cream. Don't make excuses about trying to spend less money or that you are being careful about what you're eating, just try it. The prices are good and if you're not sure what to try, stick with a curry but remember that Asian spices are very distinct, and very spicy.
sNuyncpQdcvfEpfZS-3Yew	casual	I went with my sister 2 days ago. It was my first time eating Famous Dave's. I got a hamburger and got some mac & cheese. They were both okay, I tasted better. Now the hot wings & onion rings were better. the place was packed we sat outside.
nFo_63pTr-4ZhakuaRFOCA	fast	"The rap on Starbucks is that they ""over-roast"" or ""incinerate"" their beans.  And I think that might be right...sometimes at Starbucks, it seems like I'm drinking something brewed from charcoal briquettes...it doesn't taste good:(  Now, I will tell you that I am really no connoisseur of coffees...I like coffee, you know...a good dark roast, made with freshly roasted beans:)  But the beans don't have to come from a specific plant , grown on the southern side of a special hill in Columbia and then eaten and pooped out by a badger of some sort.  No, I just want a decent cup of coffee at a decent price:)  Why can't Starbucks do that?  I occasionally need to meet someone for business, and Starbucks comes up as meeting place (and I understand that...they are almost annoyingly ubiquitous:)  I have sat at a cafe table on a street corner in San Francisco, having a cup of coffee at a Starbucks...looking at the Starbucks across the street...Lewis Black calls it ""the place where space and time folds in on itself""...I say ""why build the Hadron Super Collider to open a black hole?""...Starbucks did it a decade ago with a combination of charred coffee beans and vats of money to open a Starbucks for every adult in the United States:)  In and of itself, that's no reason for a 2 star review...Gordon Gecko said it best...""Greed is Good!"" and Starbucks exemplifies that credo...they are a generally very successful corporation grown up from the Bay area defectors from Peet's Coffee...I have no problem with success:)  No, my gripe with Starbucks is that they seem to be all about the marketing and not about the product...their coffee is crap:) So is most of the stuff they serve...it's second or third rate, at best.  And just because it's convenient doesn't mean we all need to stop in.  There is better coffee and better tea and better everything around...at much better prices...it's worth looking for another meeting spot:)"
OE5nAmaSVaopeRS1Cs9Kuw	fast	How many great things can one say about the Cartel? Does Infinity work! Yes, that was a statement, not a question. I am in love with the CC, hands down. I have traded my gold Starbucks card in for this amazingly Delicious start to my day. The iced coffee ( actually, its Toddy, which is better) is amazing. They roast their own beans, and allow the iced coffee to sit over night, creating an extremely potent concoction. The hot drinks, A+++ as well. And, the food? A+++++ (5, yup its that legit). Grab the cheddar bacon muffin... its literally heaven. No joke. Heaven. Little clouds may form above your head; white clouds of course! Not those nasty rain clouds. OK, maybe not clouds. But defiantly your day will be sunny because you stopped into Coffee Cartel. And not because you live in AZ. Duh.   Only complaint I have is the hours. I live right next door, and their only open M-F (like so many places in DT-Pho).   PLLLEEEEAAAASSSEEEEEE open up for the weekends!!! I'll work for free! Well...wait... I'll come visit.
rIonUa02zMz_ki8eF-Adug	fast	Horrendously overpriced. ~$13 for an xlarge 2 topping that I had to bake myself? The pizza itself was better than average, but if you don't bake on location then at least make it cheaper than going to pizza hut and having it delivered to my door, ready to eat.  I'm glad I had the experience, but I don't see where the benefit to this is, at all. It isn't more cost-effective than going to the grocery for frozen pizza, and it isn't that much better than frozen.  On the plus side, the gal at the counter that made my pizzas was very nice, but it's a shame I don't see this kind of business surviving. I probably won't return, I am pretty disappointed.
kr3EFhoSwbJPrL_e_RD39g	casual	"I am *floored* that this place has 4 stars. Literally fell out of my chair, picked myself up, then continued on to write my review.   The staff is friendly at this restaurant - I'll give them that. It's relatively clean and has decent prices. That's where any positives end. The food here is absolutely disgusting. Nothing has any flavour - no flavour at all. None. Nada. The salsa is peppery water at best, the beans are mush, and the rice just tastes like plain white rice. I had a ground beef burrito, which I'd think would be difficult to mess up... Nope. Not for these guys. The beef itself was unseasoned burnt 80/20 ground beef. There was at least 3lbs of sour cream. And for God's sake -- even the ""cheese mixture"" had zero flavour. I've eaten better pizza boxes. Pass on this places, dudes."
utVe80w-NAj9KMtIwJo22g	casual	"Maybe I'm being generous, but CPK is an okay place for unique pizza. I've always enjoyed their Santa Fe pizza, but this time I thought I'd try their Greek pizza. It was o-k. Nothing special. Too many veggies, without enough meat, cheese and Tzatziki sauce to counter-balance it.   What really bothered me was that they sat my sister and me right behind the kitchen. I don't think they should even have a table right there. I saw everything that was going on in there. Plus, I kept hearing the servers complaining to their boss about shit. One girl was saying something about another server ""not liking her."" I felt like I was in a high school cafeteria. And, to top it off, it was FREEZING in there. It is never a good idea to have it soooo cold, that your patrons want to get the hell out of there to warm up!  But, besides my few complaints, it is a fine establishment, although it could definitely improve. I'm sure I'll go back again. But, maybe the next time,I'll stick with my old stand by -- the Santa Fe."
k76odRRsXPErPzB0gjn-3g	casual	"Strolled in with a posse of 14 people for a birthday party. The staff was accommodating in getting everyone seated and served with drinks, especially as people funneled on in throughout the night. The place isn't huge, it can really only accommodate one large party at a time. First off, if you are a vegetarian or Muslim, be aware that you are going to an authentic italian restaurant - meaning that 75% of their menu items will have sausage/ham/salami/etc. Being cognizant of that, it was a smart idea to peak at the menu before arriving. We got the Vegetariana Pizza ($14), which came with Mozzarella, Provolone, Caramelized Onions, Roasted Peppers, and Parmigiano Reggiano. I thought it tasted great, it was crispy, thin-crust and had plenty of cheesy to it. I thought it was an above average pizza, but nothing that would have impressed Emeril. In addition to the pizza, we split the Spiedini al Forno ($16), which was Marinated Beef Tenderloin in a Shish Kabob style with Onions, Bell Peppers & Tomato. The waitress advised us in ordering the beef ""medium"" and no higher because it may get too dry or overcooked. I don't usually do medium, but she advised us correctly. It came out with only a little bit of redness and packed a good flavor. The onions, bell peppers and tomato are Kim Kardashian, meaning that they are all show and no substance. I didn't think they added anything to the entree and in fact, I didn't even eat them - which is rare for me to pass up on food. It wasn't like I was full, they just tasted bland. For dessert, they brought the birthday boy a Dolce Della Casa ($12), which is a slightly charred sweet calzone filled with chocolate hazelnut sauce and topped with bananas and vanilla ice cream. Everyone shared and It hit the spot. However, once the ice cream runs out, you're outta luck. The dessert is really complemented with the sweetness and coldness of the vanilla ice cream. The environment was kinda noisy (probably because we were a group of 14), and the wait staff was kinda slow (once again, because there were 14 of us), but they had a TV playing the knicks game so I was happy being able to watch LINSANITY, and the woodfire oven was blazing away for some good ambience. Overall, this place would be much better for a date or small group gatherings, otherwise you may be waiting for your food too long or feel a little crowded. Oh and just beware, the bill can become a little pricey if you aren't splitting entrees...."
-5EWgRkudDlcCbQSIL_twA	fast	"Came here and did drive-though to pick up a turkey sandwich and the ""man"" salad. The salad was really good!!!! On a hot summer day, the salad is a perfect choice for lunch!!!"
Y-ci4KjSUdwfc6ru4XnX8Q	casual	Can someone please tell me why people go here???  Went to breakfast with Deb L, and she had a Living Social deal or one of those deal thingies. The place was packed, probably because it's a holiday week.  That doesn't excuse the EXTREMELY poor service. We sat down and waited. And waited. Servers walked by every few moments, nobody stopped to fill our water glasses or take our order. Finally, we both said something to a girl who walked by. She seems mystified that there was a job to do. With that many people working, getting a cup of coffee shouldn't take 15 minutes. Yes. 15 freaking minutes.  Food? Mediocre at best. I got the traditional eggs benedict with home fries. The only saving grace with the amount of ham on it. The English muffin didn't seem to be toasted. The eggs were *ok* but nothing great. The home fries? My 9-year old niece could do a better job. My burps right now aren't even good enough to brag about.  I'm sure if the service had been better, I wouldn't be so miserable right now. My food coma isn't satisfying. I will *never* go here again. Ever. I felt stupid leaving a tip, it was THAT bad.   Total. Fail. Blech.
4waggbCK-MSE9dbIdSMfPA	fine	I do enjoy this coffee shop, though admittedly it has largely subscribed to bohemian bloodletting since emerging from the former Willo House. They still present photographs, paintings, sculptures and more throughout the cafe, most, if not all, for sale. The clientele has changed, as has the interior. Regardless, it's still a nice place for coffee. For those who haven't been, it's set in an old house on the southeast corner of 3rd Avenue and McDowell. Personally, one of my favorite activities is to start here for coffee and take a walking tour in the area. It's one of the few neighborhoods in Phoenix with historic homes from the 1920s, which seem to be untouched by the authoritarian overlords of homeowner's associations so popular in suburbs. I could be wrong, as I don't live in the area. But, to stay on topic, the menu is a bit pricey but Hob Nob's has retained the Willo House's cozy, neighborly feel, though yes, over a few short years it transitioned from hippie to yuppie.
nqD620A6r3hcysgkQ6w30g	fine	This place is absolute perfection. From the setting to the service to the food, I loved every moment of it. The only way I found out about this place was through Yelp. You seriously are my trusty sidekick. From the previous reviews I was a little worried that it might be packed, but then I remembered it was a Monday night so no worries. Walking in the restaurant, it is quite small, but just absolutely adorable. It really does feel like an upscale country home. Wood lines the whole restaurant and they have mini chandeliers hanging over every table. Even the touches of place setting are just perfect. Our server was Gina and she was a complete sweetheart. We started off with the Bohemian Sidecar and the Cucumber Vesper. Both were absolutely delightful! Then we moved on to appetizers, because while getting drunk is fun, I was really excited for the food. We had the steak tartare and mussels in the saffron and white wine sauce. I loved the steak tartare with the potato chips and fried egg on top. Put fried egg on top of anything and I'm sold. Put fried egg on top of raw steak and I'm in love! The mussels came out just as we were finishing up the steak tartare, perfect timing! The mussels were equally amazing if not more, and I am so sad that they only give one piece of bread! Well that, along with the bread and butter. But that still wasn't enough for me! I wanted to soak up all of that saffron sauce goodness! After Gina cleared that out of our way, she brought out the glass of Bordeaux and Rhone blend. I hate when I don't have a drink in front of me, and she made sure that never happened. Then the entrees came. The pork shoulder with the bacon for my bf, and the stuffed chicken with the pome puree and mushrooms for me. Again, absolute perfection on both accounts! I loved the mushrooms that were slightly charred and crispy, with the sauce and the puree and the chicken with goat cheese. I'm getting hungry again just writing about it. My bf loved his, but I still maintain that mine was better. And both of these entrees were incredibly reasonably priced at $15 and $17. Could life get any better? Well apparently it could! After we polished off our entrees, then came dessert and after dinner drinks! We had the souffle which was amazing with the creme anglaise. And the berries with the creme fraiche. Heaven in my mouth! We finished that off with the chocolate martini and the pear tini. This review cannot do this place justice. This is truly a unique experience that is far above any of the restaurants in Scottsdale. Please go in and experience this for yourself, you will not be disappointed!
77oW-QeIXbUoTbUbrdD2aA	casual	So your going to Scottsdale via Paradise Valley....or your coming from Scottsdale heading east....your stomach is growling but you don't want the usual...then look no further than Jason's Deli. I was in that situation on Friday night and decided to give this locale a try....and I must say I was not disappointed. I had the Smokey Jack Panini with Smoked turkey breast....guacamole....provolone cheese....lettuce...tomato....bacon on the side which I gave to my wife....LOL...since I don't eat red meat....and Russian dressing. However sandwich was made to order and pressed perfectly on the grill....and the flavor was outstanding. They give you a pickle and homemade potato chips on the side....and I also had some lemonade which comes from a fountain with free refills.   I almost missed out on the free Ice Cream....but I seen people walking around with cones of Ice Cream and I had my wife ask was it free. Indeed it was and we both enjoyed a nice Ice Cream cone....mine was chocolate vanilla swirl...and you can also get it in a cup as well. The service was great and the whole place had a real nice neighborhood feel to it.....I look forward to returning here very soon. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
di2QHs2SrY0XFHcfAq_k2A	fast	I'm not a coffee snob, but I love a good Americano.    This place has the charm you'd expect from a locally owned coffee shop complete with  eclectic decor, artwork on the walls, odds-and-ends of gaudy lamps and stained-glass windows.  The coffee is pretty good from what I have experienced.  The air-conditioning is right where it needs to be as well.   Most important factor for this business:  very nice staff.  That alone makes me want to come by more often.
NNGJQF3WeIHzGzweCpZ-VA	casual	"My bf and I drove in from ""the city"" lol and met some friends here for brunch. We didnt have to wait long to get seated which was great. The waitress came and took our drink order and right away she didnt seem too thrilled. So I ordered an omelet and asked for turkey sausage instead of the toast or pancakes it came with, she looked at me like I was asking for a cure to cancer and proceeded to tell me that I would have to be charged full-price. Well duh, I kinda figured and since I asked it was probably ok. Needless to say, we waited 30 mins to get our food, which we had to ask her for. My omelet was cold, I didnt get the turkey sausage I had ordered but she did add it to the check. Thank god we had a groupon or else it would have been a total loss. The Breakfast Club in Old Town is better!"
euSK0uPFinytVDR_UROMTA	fine	Tanzy, Yelp, and Lindsey deserve the biggest standing O for this event. I honestly think I am still full from the generous food options that kept flowing. I kept thinking we were done, but OH NO here comes another course. I felt like I was at a chef tasting menu dinner. Right when we got there we had a glass of Champagne and were seated with a olive and meat plate followed by some bruschetta and local made cheese. After the event officially started we were hit with amazing course after amazing course. With never empty glasses of wine My Favs: Sweet Corn Risotto Scallops (cooked to perfection with a parsnip puree mmmmmmmm) Alaskan King Salmon Center Cut Filet Mignon Brussel Sprouts yes Brussel Sprouts (Tempura battered with a sweet relish AMAZING) 4 hour braised beef short rib (Talk about melt in your mouth) Red Velvet Bread Pudding (I will go back just for this anytime I am near the Quarter) I can't wait to go back to Tanzy for a full meal but I don't know how I will be able to top this evening of amazing food. I was very surprised to hear they have been open for 2 years as I was really blown away with their food and service. Thanks again to everyone who helped put together this amazing event what a great way to end 2012.
-ev01HlCKf7CYsh8ZXG_7w	casual	Simply the best Ethiopian I've ever had. Grew up in VA with DC as my stompin grounds (home of a large Ethiopian population) and even had a good amount of Ethiopian home-cooked meals by friends and none was as good as this place. I go to AZ once a year for work and each time I am sure to stop in. I usually get the veggie or meat-lovers meals since they tend to be such a good bargain, but have also ordered separate items as well. The vibe is casual and the service is excellent. The staff have always been very friendly --- another reason I keep going back.
-nWigG5EhFLjdSgGZthS3Q	casual	"Finally tried the only ""real"" Chinese food restaurant in Maricopa. Played it safe with Sweet & Sour Chicken, Crab Rangoon, and Pork Fried Rice. With delivery, it was only $14 +tip. The fried rice was great, it was a little more of the ""East Coast"" style I grew up with, dark w/ lots of juicy nuggets of roast pork. The chicken was good, but then again, it was a (VERY) safe choice, next time I'll try one of the ""Chef's Specialties"". Crab Rangoon was good, unlike Panda Express, there was crab (krab?) in the cream cheese. If you're in Maricopa and craving Chinese, don't go to Panda Express, definitely give Great Wall a try, it's in the same plaza as Panda and if your party is 2 or more, you'll save yourself some money!"
no_FXjscklz1SEzM_XnVgw	casual	It has been awhile since I have visited the Dubliner. The only reason I haven't frequented the place lately is because I don't live near them anymore so I can't just either walk home or call a cab for 5 min ride. However there drinks are strong and cheap! Either that or the bartender was being very friendly on the few times I have visited :) The food is not to shabby either. I mean you can't possibly mess up fish and chips. Hmm fish and chips. So go, check it out, but remember if you have too many, call a cab. Did I mention that their drinks are strong and cheap! #winwin!
tTOWEYkyIZdwVEoXDmpm2w	casual	Avoid at all costs. Awful service, slow as hell, only uses disposable plasticware/plates to add landfill insult to heinous food. Despite telling them we were in a rush to catch a plane and multiple reassurances that the food would arrive in plenty of time, they lollygagged around and I ended up paying $30 to be seriously pissed off and hungry with no food. BLECH.
3n9mSKySEv3G03YjcU-YOQ	casual	"What the crap folks? So much ""blah blah blah"" ""this place is so great"" spewing from Yelpers and the media that I felt like I was missing out.  I finally went to this damn place and I guess I am missing the point because this was a joke.  Their menu has all of about 5 things on it.  Most of them seem reasonably priced until you see their size.  I ordered the Vampiro because it sounded good, had guac, carne asada, and was portrayed as a quesadilla type meal.  Ya, this thing was like the size of a Kennedy half dollar - and half as filling!  What the hell? $4 for this?  I can't even taste the guac!!  If I want cheap good mexican food, I guess I'll stick with 'Bertos because this place is a disaster.  At least at 'Bertos I can get more than 5 items and the burritos are Soviet-car-sized."
KQzpjBmnAMXPqipeWTKG0w	fast	Sandwiches are pretty decent and tasty..however..  they don't include drinks, salad, just a small cookie on the side. We just ordered 2 sanwiches and 2 sodas, a little on the overpriced side, totaled out to $27 just for that. The sandwiches are gigantic or anything. just left feeling a bit hungry and disappointed.
WaO_hAunQrZ--vI308rHQA	fast	I've decided to completely write this place off, and here is why you should too:  THREE TIMES I have tried to go here and they have been closed, all the while their website and posted hours say they should be open. If one of you wants to drive all the way here from the suburbs, you'd better call first because this place cannot be trusted. I've wasted my time and spent hungry minutes walking here only to be disappointed.   Vitamin T will fail, there I said it.
ydhh9IME2xHQNVIRBbVBog	fine	"I always hate giving bad reviews, but our service left quite a bit to be desired. I can normally dismiss such things, but it became evident that our bad service was not a fluke.  We arrived around 10:00 and was told that food would only be served until 11. That wouldn't be a problem at all except that our waitress didn't return with menus until close to 10:30 and then returned to take our orders at only a few minutes before 11. The place had other patrons, but it certainly wasn't so busy as to take an hour to get our orders. Unfortunately, on each of our visits, the waitress was half listening and seemed easily confused  The food itself was quite good. The Shepherd's pie was hot and tasty and the bloody marys were actually perfectly spiced. Neither was worth getting excited about, but they were certainly decent and reasonably priced.   Considerably later in the evening, our waitress returned with the bill. There was one extra drink on the bill which no one ordered and she was perfectly friendly about saying she'd remove it, but we spent a good five minutes as she kept getting confused about our - apparently - very complicated instructions of ""$20 on the credit card. The rest in cash"" She continually read back excessively complex scenarios, and we kept asking her simply to put twenty on the card, that's all.  When she returned, she had taken $20 of our cash towards the bill, charged $60 to the card and kept the remaining $55 in cash as a tip. That's just shy of a 75% tip she assigned herself.   We spoke to the manager, who couldn't find her for some time, and when she showed up, she blamed us repeatedly. She finally refunded the card and brought us our new bill, with the extra drink.  It wasn't worth arguing about at that point.  The sad part is that everyone at my table, and our surrounding tables started telling similar tales from past visits. I guess this kind of service is not uncommon."
4l3eeM1sOACwdJAz4UyIPQ	fine	Very nice, classy decor all around, cleaner than most places I've seen. Seems like a place you'd wanna dress up for.  Drinks could be a little cheaper ($9 a shot), but I figure it's Scottsdale, so whatevs..  Music ranges anywhere from old school hip hop to top 40's music you hear straight from the radio.  No cover, so that's always a plus.
XNSito__Fne14TXU0vz1Qw	fast	I have to admit, I normally don't like Chinese food. In fact, it's just about the only style of food I haven't fallen in love with at some point in my life. This is a real problem when you live with someone that would die for Chinese food at all hours of the day/night.   I figured out why I never liked Chinese food when I first ate at Asian Cafe Express. It's because everything I've had has been Americanized Chinese Food!!!  It was like an epiphany and seriously music to my tastebuds when I actually found Chinese food I not only liked, I LOVED! Having authentic Chinese food changed my opinion completely about this cuisine.  I have to agree with the others... save yourself the time and skip the first few pages. Go straight to the back of the menu to find authentic Hong Kong Style fare. Holy mother of god, everything I've tried has been outstanding and each time I leave saying it was the best meal I've tried thus far.   Everything is extremely cheap and the service is superb. The wait staff are always very helpful and knowledgeable about their food. They'll be quick to recommend something if you're having a hard time deciding. Just ask!
4juYmq_YpvdV8HZ1r0AWBw	casual	OPEN for business!!  It's located in the Canyon Trails Towne Center along the main entrance with the 2 banks.    Casual, cheap, yet decent quality sushi and Japanese entrees.  New and clean.  Excellent service.  Grand Opening special:  one FREE appetizer if you spend more than $10.    Decent spicy salmon and salmon avocado rolls.  Very crunchy shrimp tempura.  Excellent dressing with the included salad.  Miso soup was a bit bland.  They need to add a little more miso to the broth.  Lunch specials include any bento boxe for $8.25 and pick 2 rolls for $7.45 that includes miso soup and salad.  Hmmm, I'm not quite sure whether it's Ah-Kai Sushi & Grill or Ah-Hai Sushi & Grill.  Public records show Ah-Kai but the menu says Ah-Hai.
fP-BPL6iRu2tbcvlnjRshw	fine	This by far has to be the best Filiberto's location. I have been to the Phoenix, Tempe, Chandler, Prescott, Mesa, Gilbert, Tucson and Casa Grande locations.   -Clean salsa bar with chunky and smooth salsa options. -Free chips, most places will charge you for a small order. -Gold Peak green tea! -Smoothies and juices -Video games, tv's and free wifi -Fruit filled churros   The tortillas are fresh and the place was actually clean, shocking. For what it is, this is a good location to stop by at if you are in the mood for this type of mexican food.
-lOSaCuBRAvX5JBifx-EMw	fine	The Family and I went back here on Saturday night.   The food is just as spectacular as it was the first time we went!   The service however was just not good. Our waiter seemed dazed and confused the whole time we were there. And slllllow. He also forgot stuff, I ordered a second glass of wine mid dinner and it never came, and I was never given the option to remind him because he did not come back until it was time to clear the plates! We sat at our table, all of us with empty plates for a good 10-15 minutes with out anyone coming by to clear them. We just sat there. Not cool, and its not like he was in another section, there was a table he was at 3 separate times that was directly behind ours, he just chose to ignore ours.   We will go back as we do like the food and atmosphere and hopefully the service will improve.
LzvmdiJFMGM1Z25S4Sm3bw	fine	Overall I am a big fan of this place... first how can you beat a place that is BYO???!!! You never have to worry about a bad wine list or paying too much because it is your own stuff... I find the food excellent... they menu is not large and changes often... but I have never had anything that I have no liked... the chef is defiantly 5 star and since you bring in your own wine the prices don't seem that bad... but it is not exactly cheap... The only down fall of the place is that it is real small and has funky hours... I think it is only open Wednesday to Saturday. I know that they take reservations and I would venture to say that is the only way to actually eat there... This is a nice place for special occasions or a date...
VGYaXB8kJjqBBIg6bsx1Sg	fast	"Given the high ratio of staff to customers, it took longer than expected to get acknowledged. However, my drink came out quickly, as did my food. The menu items all had cheesy names based on the Fox sportscasters, but that, along with the 24 TV's playing (you guessed it) sports, made it rather entertaining. The food quality was surprisingly good for an airport sports bar--burger was tasty, bacon was crispy but not burnt, and made with actual sharp cheddar cheese.   Service was good too. Lorraine refilled my drink the instant it was empty, cleared the dishes and offered the check within a minute of pushing them away, and brought the receipt almost immediately. If I'd been rushing to catch a flight, I think I""d have been fine. Burger, fries, and unlimited Coke, plus tax and tip for just under $17; not too bad for an airport.  Overall, it was a bit like the US Olympic swimmers I was watching while I ate--a tad slow off the blocks, but came back impressively to win the gold."
a9Wk44qJLWoJQT-_H8MB-w	casual	"Great in its day, now leaves a lot to be desired.  Deserves credit as a Phoenix landmark Chinese restaurant.    This restaurant has been here for 38 years.  I've been going here off and on for 35 years.  I go here more for sentimental reasons, and not so much for the food.    The interior still retains some of the original decoration style from the original restaurant established nearly 40 years ago.  The rest of the decorations have been torn out.  I believe the decor is modeled after the Forbidden Palace in Beijing - see the vault-of-the-heavens style crenelations in the ceiling.    I have this restaurant - in its former self - to thank for this:  Back in its day, this restaurant was really great, and the entire atmosphere lent to an ambiance that actually inspired me to study Chinese and then later go live over there for some years.   Sadly, the food here is not all that good.  The fryer oil they use here is pretty old.  The fried rice arrives looking almost black (from the fryer oil?  too much soy sauce?) instead of a rich golden brown, and tastes overcooked somehow.  The eggrolls are just OK.  Definitely not fresh.  A lot of the menu items from the original owners are no longer on the menu; for example the special ""Chinese cakes"" served on a plate topped with a delicious gravy-like brown sauce and shallots - probably some form of Cantonese food.  All of this is gone, and replaced by very plain fare, and not very good at that.    If you like salty, greasy, plain-tasting yet somehow edible Chinese food not far from the $1-per-scoop variety, then go here.  Golden Phoenix's heyday as a great restaurant is long-gone.  Let us bow our heads in sadness to a place that once was very good - now passed on..."
mU33XNKLV_W01wJO8PoZBQ	casual	Drive through or dine in. The drive-thru wait for your order can seem overlong. I'm a fan of their carne asada burritos and their chicken burritos - very tasty. Also their breakfast burritos. They use real tortillas, not gummy doughy ones like fast food joints use. All the burritos are huge - really two meals worth of food. But, they're not careful about removing gristle from the meat or excess liquid from the spoon before wrapping up your burrito. So if you're a picky eater or you don't like messy food, don't get any kind of burrito. Burgers and Philly cheese steak sandwiches are also pretty good. They have a big variety on the menu actually. It's a greasy spoon, and I do mean greasy, but was a weekly stop when I worked nearby.
RLjA7TBXJfyqDfPuVCcrtQ	casual	. Angel, daughter of the Lounge's owner Joy is a HOOT!! I love her personality. It's not a fancy place, little hole in the wall type place. They have been open for 8 years and have had a pretty steady following. There is art on the walls (LOVE the Dizzie Gillespie painting... thinking of buying it) painted by a local artist. Live music on Wednesdays/Fridays. Wednesdays step classes (the Al B. look alike) and they have another separate dining-type area. Wednesday nights they hold something called a conversation party. Random 5 topics are chosen (we had a peek at last night's conversations) EX: Are momma's boys a good or bad thing? What makes a partner in a relationship think they need to start playing games? What is most important to you in your professional career? Apparently some of these discussions, as you can imagine - adding the alcohol ingredient - can get pretty heated. It seemed to be a big group last night... 15-20 people. So after dinner, catfish, PORK CHOPS TO DIE FOR!! So tender, fried hot wings, mac 'n cheese, mashed potatoes, LOTS AND LOTS of hot sauce, we heard the band start warming up. YES!! GREAT music. People walked in wearing their Sunday best and others walked in wearing jeans. It's an everyone knows everyone's name type of place. Older people and the younger started trickling in around 8PM. Definitely a fun experience. Good times.
31bXixwy2GNmRlhpl21reA	casual	"Glad this place has new ownership... I should probably remove the review below, Its really harsh and doesn't apply to the NEW establishment.  You have been warned ;)  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Short Review:  THIS PLACE SUCKS BALLS  Long Review: We were supposed to meet a friend here at Draft House on Saturday night. We were excited to be out on a date-like experience cuz its been a while. We went to my in-laws for dinner and then headed to Draft... I knew it was going to be interesting from the sound of the music as we pulled into the strip mall.   The music: Good music, probably the only good thing about this place - if you're a hip-hop fan. All hip-hop, all night.   The crowd: Ghetto fab all the way! Seems like everyone there is late 20's - early 30's (and some older sprinkled throughout the crowd) and none realize its not 1996 anymore. Expect to hear a lot of fake accents a la Da Bronx and a lot of misuse of slang terms. It was entertaining until it became annoying. Oh and people WILL steal your seats or tell you they are saved - ugh!  The atmosphere: small, crowded...  Small dance floor.  A couple pool tables, but don't expect to get one. Some TVs playing various sports, which I guess qualifies this place as a ""sports cafe""??   The service: OMG, we had one beer each and the ""line"" was retarded, over 30 minutes to tab out. No line in sight, just people crowding together, trying to get to the front of the line.  Oh! and LOL.. the bar tenders are total morons, one of them complained to the guy next to us about his crappy tip and the other argued with his customer about whether they ordered rum and cokes or redbull and vodka.  The guy had already made the rum and cokes and was pissed that HE got it wrong.  Weirdos!  If any of this appeals to you this is your place!   BTW her friend didn't show and we ended up going to Skip n Jan's to play some pool :o)  We had a great time there :o)"
z5rbKDh_tM4ukP-leSU15Q	casual	"I am a steak lover but I must say this wouldn't be somewhere i would recommend. Our steaks were cooked wrong, had a pretty blah taste and we sat in the restaurant for 20 min before anyone asked us about drinks. The drinks were $9 and were supposed to be ""top shelf"" uh I thinks not. tasted very watered down and I decided to limit myself to one at that price to quality ratio. The only part of the experience that was worth while the observing the table sitting next to us. Listening to them bicker back and fourth and argue about what they were going to get was quite entertaining....... I would not recommend going there for anyone there is plenty of other options close by that will leave you satisfied"
6G8FMxuYzz1ye4a386Rc_w	casual	As I revealed in a previous review, my family loves InnSuites. This location is nestled in the Squaw Peak Mountain Preserve, close to the prestigious Biltmore area, and offers easy access to downtown Phoenix, Scottsdale and the Camelback corporate corridor.   InnSuites offers comfotable, clean rooms for a very rasonable price. And as with all of the InnSuites locations, the Northern location includes amenities such as free social hour and free hot breakfast with eggs, potatoes, waffles, toast, cereal, yogurt, fruit, coffee, milk & juices. There isn't really much within walking distance at this location, so either plan to hang around the pool a lot or you'll need to have a car.
4sW8Z6NLXLRkruSKSKUEUw	casual	It's 4:00 am on a Friday, you've just finished listening to awesome music and drinking too much, you're starving and want some good comfort food to fill your gut and soak up that alcohol..... enter Jerry's.  The place was open.  The place was clean.  The food was good.  The service was great.  The prices were great.  WAY better than a Denny's, better than most diner's I've been to, actually.  I had ham and eggs and the plate was delicious.  The ham steak was gigantic, the eggs perfect, and hash browns were done just right... crispy and good.
E0DwaRvT_QlMwBU679xSCA	casual	Japanese chefs, top notch sashimi, affordable neighborhood sushi place! 5/5  I'd lived in Japan before and this place can beat those in Tokyo! If you go to Hiro, you have to order their sashimi. We always order scallops sashimi, yellow tail, salmon, toro sashimi and uni (sea urchin)! Their rolls are amazing too. All sashimi comes in a big-fat-lap portion! Very fresh! The service is great too.
xcKKT3Ozf3jvFNRfMH3gHw	casual	Very nice place with extremely friendly staff.  The food was similar quality to other Mexican food places in the NW Valley....good but not spectacular.   Very good portions for the price.    I don't live close by but will certainly go back when I am in the area.
4rySWsfL5enT7t4XuVNJuQ	fine	We get a date night rarely throughout the year, so I try and find something new when ever we get that chance. Once we made it into the restaurant we were both quite pleased with the decor and the atmosphere, little did we realize that this was just the beginning! The wait staff here is beyond friendly and knowledgeable, our server Sam was what you would consider first class in every aspect. His attention and knowledge started our evening off in such a way that I feel indebted to him!! Then comes the food....! We had a four course meal that not only included a wine pairing for two of the courses, but also a pre-dinner cocktail. The food was exquisite, the pork chop with the kale and pickled onion main course was grand, and the paired wine could not have been better.
XRkv1rz9BJmOFRSgjGHBSg	fast	I was in Bomberos for breakfast this morning, and I was told they now carry Coca Lite!  So much better than Diet Coke - I had no idea I could find it anywhere in the US!  How great is that?  Also, Bomberos is now using MJ Breads and Tammie Co pastries... not too shabby, huh?
1621ir5mjVgbHwxCbMAEjg	casual	I really expected crappy food, because, after all, that's what sports bars generally offer. Then I was told that the food was not bad, but good! Which only made me eye my table mates suspiciously. I ordered the tacos al carbon which comes with cilantro lime rice. these are three street taco sized dealies that have steak in them and come with a little shot of pico and queso. Now like I said, I expected crap. But the tacos, with pico and queso poured on them, and grease dribbling out into a glorious puddle on the plate, were really amazingly good. The steak bits were really tender--ordinarily in such a taco they'd be the tenderness of jerky. Really: the tacos were totally sensational. Also, we ordered a buffalo chicken flatbread which is essentially a pizza. And it was great! even with the bleu cheese, which I detest, this was a culinary delight. So why the four stars, you ask? two reasons. One: the cilantro lime rice is offensively bad, like straight out of a box of rice-a-roni bad. I would have preferred kibbles and bits as a side item. And one other thing: it was happy hour and for a while they were serving beer OUT OF PITCHERS THAT WERE IN THE REFRIGERATOR INSTEAD OF STRAIGHT OUT OF THE TAP! Capital crime. Felonious. In fact, Dante wrote about a circle of hell where all they did was serve beer out of pitchers instead of straight from the tap. So you should know that although the beer serving would usually be a four star deduction and I'd never look back, I didn't drink beer tonight and so I really don't care if my table mates suffer. But if you try that shit on me... Four stars. The food is really damn good.
bts6jVczHJuWzpT8Y26UsQ	fast	"2 stars for the drive through.  Everything else about this Starbucks leaves you wondering, ""why don't you just get back in your car and drive down to the other Starbucks on Daisy Miuntain""..."
SX0pCDRvuTEoXobTovJEIQ	casual	This place is all about the seafood. Don't roll up to the Fish Market expecting a cool place to hang or a hip crowd. No problem on the crowd...lots of folks in a pretty basic seafood restaurant, chowing on the best seafood I've had in the valley so far. The hip is not here. Not until I showed up with my wife Audrey W to meet Kevin H and Marian H. You could actually see the coolness spread around the restaurant when we walked in...a subtle ripple, sort of like a gentle wave at a spring training game. So I arrived in Phoenix from Boston and have high standards for seafood. I had been craving fish & chips for awhile and decided to give Fish Market a try. I got a combo-fish, scallops and prawns. The batter was light and not very oily...+1. The prawns were very tender and done to perfection..+1. The scallops were tender, sweet and juicy...+1. The fish was done just right as well although it was not the haddock or even cod I am accustomed to in Boston. Everyone else was pleased with their food as well. I will be trying other seafood places in the valley but I'll keep Fish Market in mind as a standby.
VGvieeQwktJPxLMq6I3tkg	fine	"My husband and I have been here twice in the last week for dinner...it is a bit pricey as other reviewers have said (around $20 for dinner entrees), but for vegetarian and organic food, what exactly do folks expect? You get what you pay for. We were happily surprised after reading the reviews...the food was amazing, the portions are huge and we had leftovers both times. (and p.s., we paid with a debit card both times and have had no trouble, despite the review about only paying cash.) Our first visit, we were greeted kindly and given a plate of fruit to munch on until we ordered. My husband ordered the mint tea and it was delish! For an appetizer, we had the sabzi...which is a huge plate of green herbs, homemade wheat nan, feta cheese, and walnuts. The herbs were FRESH and the nan was delicious...just the smell of it was enough to get us drooling! For entrees, we had the spinach herb stew and the vegetable stew with eggplant. I am currently pregnant and garlic is not something that's agreeing with me. I asked if the vegetable stew had garlic in it and the waiter said ""we can make it however you want...every dish is made when you order it""....what?? the dishes are made to order?? I haven't heard that at a lot of restaurants! After about 20 minutes, our stews arrived...steaming hot and smelling delicious. They were HEAVENLY! So many flavors and so fresh!! Our second time here, we had the dolmeh plate and Mast Va Mosear (a spinach dip)...both were ok...but I like the Sabzi better. The entrees we had were amazing...I had a special of the day (pomegranate walnut sauce over tofu, which was blissful to smell and eat) and hubby had the vegetarian sampler to get his falafel fix. Overall, if you are willing to pay a little more for a nice, organic foods dinner, go here and check it out. Everything will be fresh...everything will smell and taste delicious...and the restaurant's atmosphere is perfect for a relaxed, decadent evening."
ipNveHQxPlRmgSe9CSt9dw	casual	I love everything about Oregano's! My first experience was in Flagstaff with a location being right off NAU's campus, and I was thrilled more started to open up in the valley. There is one in Mesa, now, very close to me, and the ambiance remains the same. I love the vintage decoration, the music, usually Ella Fitzgerald and other jazz icons, and the FOOD! All the appetizers are amazing, especially the Boom Dip. My favorite pizza is the O-Riva. And passing up the Pizzookie (pizza cookie) is out of the question, get your friends to dive into this amazing desert. Also the bellinis are outstanding! Enjoy your experience here, you will fall in love! Have patience at the smaller locations, usually there will be a wait.
uR2aNW75R4oYs9w7aw-_kQ	casual	Probably one of the better gay bars in town.. friendly.. decent crowd.. reasonable prices.. after hopping from one to another this place was our favorite. Lots of furry muscle bears too! Nice!!
bOB11LVavtN9PWTNwR52Tw	casual	"Came here for lunch recently with active Yelper and friend Brett B. I'm sure he'll post up his own review of the place.  This is the kind of place you walk up to the register and place your order, then take a plastic number to your table and the server brings you your food. You also get your glass and go fill 'er up at the fountain yourself. I wasn't sure what to expect, but felt good vibes the minute I asked ""how big is the salad"" and the guy at the register walked into the kitchen to bring me a dish to show me. That was nice and above my expectation, as most places the servers will make a ""size"" with their hands and shrug and say, ""i don't know... about like this?"" So, yeah. I like that this guy actually showed me a plate and made a ""mound"" with his hand to show me some kind of size of the salad.   When I ordered ""just water"" he went to give me a plastic cup with a lid, and then said, ""you know what? Just take a regular glass, it's more comfortable...."" He trusted me not to fill up my glass with anything but water (and I did only drink water). That was nice, and made me feel like an adult. Not like at some places (much cheaper than this place) that give you a plastic cup like the ones you pee in at the doctor's office, when you order water.  I really enjoyed my lunch here - Had a chicken caesar salad (one of my favorite things to order pretty much anywhere i go because I'll never make it at home), along with a cheese pizza.  The caesar salad - for those who have a love affair with this meal - was ""perfect"" . The portion was generous, and it was chopped and tossed. The chicken was shredded and mixed in with the salad, which makes SUCH a difference in getting an even distribution, and reducing pain-in-the-ass-ness of having to cut up a chicken breast atop a salad with oversized utensils like at so many other places. It was perfectly dressed too - not too heavy, just right. And the parmesan cheese was shaved over it, rather than shredded or grated. Nice touch. Excellent flavor, every mouthful.  The cheese pizza was a cripsy, ultra thin crust, delicious red sauce (kinda sweet, in a good way), and the cheeses were mozzarella and fontina - the saltiness mixed really well with the sweetness of the sauce and made this simple pizza taste extraordinary.  Granted, having had some beyond-extraordinary pizza in new york, I'm spoiled and have to say it was not as good as my favorite thin crust pizza from Totonno's in NYC's upper east side. But still, darn good. I'd eat it again. (I took some home and it didn't look like it heated up well later on when my husband was having it).  Brett had the tomato, gorgonzola, chicken, salad on mixed greens. I think it had pine nuts too. I got to taste it and it was even more flavorful than mine. Either one of these would be an excellent choice for those of you who like to order salads. Delicious.   And the service was great! The  manager even came by our tables to refill our glasses for us, though the drinks were self-serve from a fountain. the place was not busy when we got there, but it picked up as we were finishing our meals.   Great food - great service - great vibe. I hope this place sticks around.   Definitely would eat there again. Looking forward to it, even!"
tZXPhvufHhfejGrRp554Lg	casual	Wow, Chill rocks. Frank and his lovely wife, the proprietors, are fantastic. The prices are super low and the gelato/sorbet is awesome. While we were there, a little kid dropped the top part of his cone on the ground. Frank replaced it for free.   Then he gave us a sample of the fat-free, sugar-free chocolate sorbet, which made me want to buy a pint of it... after I had already eaten a baby sized Mango/Pomegranate mix. Yum.   How about this: Go have dinner/lunch/breakfast/whatever at Pita Jungle, then walk across the parking lot to Chill for dessert. That sounds like the perfect evening.
5nahZe5bBYUbFWgEfwoNOA	fine	Totally a locals hangout.  This very unpretentious wine bar is a favorite.  The owner, Darlene, has a great selection of wines from smaller labels for you to try.  If you're not sure what to get they'll help you find a bottle in your price range.  They've got the cheap stuff all the way to the $80+ range (if you feel like spending some money).  You can buy a bottle at retail, open it up at their bar and enjoy it with a nosh.  Lots of smaller appetizers (cheese and crackers, etc).  Or, order by the glass/flight from their bar.  Checkout their website before you go.  Or if you live in the area, subscribe to their email newsletter.  There is something different going on every day (live music, tastings, specials, etc.)
ozWBsvbeM2LSPsRDsYKr1Q	casual	Where to begin?  This is my favorite Mexican food establishment ever. I've been frequenting Carolina's for years and never once have I been disappointed. Some might compare it to Filiberto's or any of those [insert surname here]berto's but this is on a whole different level.  Atmosphere-wise it's one step above a sketchy hole-in-the-wall but the food makes up for everything the appearance of the place lacks. I don't know their secret but their beans, the tortillas, the salsa... it's all to die for. And IT'S. SO. CHEAP. Like, seriously, I'd dish out more money for this food but the fact that it really is that cheap is the icing on the cake.   It's almost always busy but it's always worth the wait. Always.  If you haven't gone... you're missing out.
sDozh6iTylTJD26d7xcgGw	casual	I grew up in Arizona and we went to Wongs every Sunday after church. Three years ago we got stationed in Hawaii. Everytime I come home, our first stop is Wongs. I love everything about it. Wongs is my comfort food.
qurW9PjV90saHESwsGAwdQ	casual	While in Phoenix for about 36 hours, I lunched at Hooters twice. It was easily located across from my hotel and it was a weekend, which meant I could catch both the collegiate and professional football games as well as playoff baseball. I take Hooters for what it is, pretty decent fried food, a restaurant that caters to men, and always has a game on. This in mind, I didn't anticipate anything other then a beer and something to eat. I sat at the bar both times and the bartender, Brittany was extremely friendly and made a point to learn (while IDing) and remember everyone's name-- which I thought was a nice touch. She was always willing to change channels to make sure everyone's game was being aired which was appreciated as well. They have a good football special-- 10 boneless wings with all you can eat fries for $5.99 during any football game. The $3.50 25oz Shock Top beers were a deal as well. It was odd for me to see a kid's birthday party in the restaurant on Sunday, but to each their own.
adPVJMkRrS8_3VHQKw5-qw	fine	"I can overcome the hipster sneer and accept that I am an uncool blemish in a world full of cut-off corduroys and patterned leggings. What I cannot and will not get over is an unapologetic staff whose epic error led to me breaking 5 years of meatless eating because of an order mishap.  I ordered the red pepper tomato quiche. After 20 minutes waiting for the quiche to warm in what appeared to be a 200 degree oven, I double checked to make sure my name was on the plate at the counter. When I dug in for the first bite, a wave of nausea and panic washed over my after realizing this was a piece of the bacon spinach quiche. I returned to the counter and explained that I had ordered the vegetarian quiche, and the chic who took my order asked the chic behind the counter which one she served, because she was sure she got it right. The chic in the kitchen said she put them out in the order she got them. Then they spent some time looking around in confusion and murmuring a bit,  meanwhile all the quiche had been sold. So the counter chic simply turned to me and send, ""well we don't have anymore of that one.""  Thanks. I told her I was more upset about the fact that I had just put bacon in my mouth after 5 years of no meat than there being no more quiche. She did give me my money back, but no one apologized or offered me any recompense. I'm over you being cooler than me, but I'm not over you having no soul."
yHbDcduBtCi43JpfdScC6Q	casual	I had a good time at Monkey Pants, we celebrated a buddy leaving for basic training. I will have to go back again. And the one o'clock shirtless shot was awesome. Sorry I don't have more to report because I was drunk and don't remember much else, so that tells you it must be good.
QGeliKMObpVZ3jP89--ZIg	casual	"""Hipster,Trendy"" ????-I think NOT !!!! Very disappointing......weird crowd ( older men on the prowl? ) , and unfriendly bartenders w/ lots of attitude. I've given this a few tries thinking I just hit it on a bad night , but won't be going back. So many other great places in Scottsdale to visit !"
Lo0dRIDKXc5mlE-coVZrtQ	casual	"How does this restaurant generate so many 4 and 5 star ratings?   I know it was on the food channel, but honestly the food was sub-par. Maybe it was just an off day, but I have a feeling it wasn't. The prices were not outrageous, but it wasn't cheap either. The atmosphere was nice, if very cafeteria like.  But the food was way way too ""greasy."" And bland. And my stomach now aches after eating there...."
eTbtfgUtfewdncgVf2CbWw	fast	So Wednesday evening I needed milk and cat food. On my way to the store I realized my stomach was growling. Never a good idea to shop on an empty stomach. A while back in The Savvy Shopper rag in the China Grill ad was a little banner about Wok n Stix being a new location. And because of an event that fell apart this week I had a bug to eat something Asian. So I found it and stopped in.  Chinese fast food. They also have hamburgers and a few other things. I stuck with something I figured I would like, orange chicken ($7.95). It came reasonably quick, was too hot to eat right away. Most of my Chinese fast food consists of Panda Express and Ming Gee. This was much better, in addition to the onions and bell peppers listed mine had mushrooms, celery, sprouts and some other stuff. Service was on styrofoam with plastic utensils. Even though I was eating in the rice came in a take out box which I thought was sorta weird. I still hate eating out alone but at least I wasn't the only person in the place. Each side of the place had a long upholstered bench with tables and chairs that could be slid along to make up different seating and two tables in the middle.  There was nobody being served at the front counter when I was finished so I stopped,picked up a menu and talked to the woman there and found out she is an owner. They have had the place for 6 months and are the same family that owns China Grill not far away.
PWG28q4JFOc8FiRBjnfCkA	casual	I have been here about 3 times, twice for the weekend breakfast buffet and once for lunch. The food is similar to Denny's, so nothing special here. Everything here feels dingy and dirty, there was hair in one of the dishes in the buffet. Service is average, but employees are just as dirty looking as the restaurant..will not be coming here anymore.
hNVcBhJSD5HyLKMf_Z7TaA	casual	"I think it was the guitar playing chicken that caught my eye as I drove by. Then it was the ""Now Open"" sign. New business? Figured I had to try it. Rock-n-Roll Fingers is a SO cool concept. Chicken fingers, waffle fries and Texas toast - that's pretty much the menu. The Chicken fingers may be fried or Buffalo style - but they definitely won't be from frozen chicken. They use only fresh Chicken breasts - no skin and no bones - and they fry only in Canola oil to make for the least unhealthy fried chicken they can. They have about 7 different dipping sauces - from Ranch to Thai sweet chili - though they are known for their Special Sauce. It's a secret recipe, so of course I had to try it. Pretty dang good. I also loved the BBQ which was more tangy than sweet and went perfect with the chicken. As for the chicken - have you ever had chicken so juicy that you though it might not be fully cooked? Maybe it's just because I grew up eating overcooked food, but every once in awhile when I get chicken cooked so perfectly I have to look to make sure it isn't pink. It was SO juicy I was really shocked. And though fried, it wasn't a thick and overly crispy batter - just enough to seal in the juices while leaving you with a tender and flexible piece of meat. The waffle fries were out of this world. The Texas toast was SOOO good! When I got back to the office I was super excited to learn two things. This is an independently owned business - this is their first location. And even more cool - they have gotten a perfect score by the Health Department more than six times in a row. Wow. So you can eat some really great food and support a new local business for a $5-7 lunch. Not bad. Not bad at all."
S9LX8EtUHooCWGIGmrHUSg	casual	i love the $5 happy hours. all the dishes are a great value and delicious!
eR_vyBCRhMQKhmHbxFkPVw	fast	I have been eating at this Waffle house since I was a teenager and it has never failed to provide good food.  The employees are courteous and the service is fast.  The portions are good for the price and the small dinner feel is great to eat in.  I have gone here many times with my disabled brother and have never had any problems with the staff or employees.  I also like the fact that they are one of the few 24 hr restaurants available to eat at and this has come in handy many times.
YJoph5UiUZ3BEb49vyFAuQ	fast	As mentioned earlier, the best thing about this place is the super cheap, but super delicious lunch bentos.  You get a main dish, rice, salad, and an orange for under $4. If that's not enough, you can get double meat for a buck or two more.  I highly recommend the ginger pork or the katsu.  My friend I normally go with is a big fan of the white fish (fried or grilled).  The sushi here isn't bad.  It's nothing super special, but I don't come here for the sushi so it's not a big knock against the place.  As they would say on ebay: A+++ Great Seller! Would eat here again!!!
-UT6IHfVW_2yzz1bf8WI5g	casual	Chance encounter on this little (well, maybe not soo little) gem of a place. Yelped it the moment I passed by it because of all the cars present in their parking lot. Although there are only 8 reviews for the place, what people had to say about it really made me want to visit.   Was well greeted on a spontaneous adventure to the restaurant for dinner. The bar was packed so my party decided to get seated in the main dining area. Got seated right away and was introduced to our server in no time. Think she had to swallow a chill pill or something because it took some time for her to be nice (most likely the main reason im not giving this place 5 stars)  The menu was pretty reasonable. Starters dont exceed $10 and entrees range anywhere from $5-$15 (If Im correct, there is only one item on the menu costing $15)   We started off with three appetizers, thinking it would be the only dishes ordered (little did we know):  - Grilled Spicy Chicken Wings: Some a little burnt but it tasted great. The portions are large and seasoning just right (or too bland depending on what you prefer). I liked that it was grilled, less of that greasy hell overwhelming the taste of the actual meat.  - Homemade lemon garlic Hummus with pita : sooo delicious. It was only about $6, it comes with a bunch of pita. My party of 4 shared it and still had left overs =] definitely recommended.  - Cheeseburger Sliders x3 on Egg Bun: The bun is delicious! and the meat is perfectly cooked (medium) and seasoned. The perfect balance of meat, bun, and cheese. Comes with diced pickles.  We were having a jolly time when all of a sudden someone notices a dish being served to the the table next to us. It looked so good, she decided to order it herself. We ended up sharing the Half Chicken entree and I was extremely impressed with how it came out.  The chicken is juicy and tender the entire way through. No parts of the chicken dry, every bite was well savored and just...mmm mmm mm Came with two sides (we chose the green beans/onions and mashed potatoes): green beans weren't my favorite, they were overcooked but the mashed potatoes. Perfectly cooked, tasted so fresh. They don't use a ton of butter or sour cream which was favorable to my taste buds.   Would definitely come again  FYI:  happy hour 3-6:30 pm. From what I could make out on the menu written in chalk: Half off appetizers and three 5.5 oz of draft beer for $5 (normally $6 for 3 - 5 oz beer sampler) oh and something about $5 wine
CbqO2LA7PWp4kbuZBPEa_w	casual	I love Saddle Ranch for its casual night time festivities (including watching people ride the mechanical bull hehehe), but I cannot ignore the fact that the food was disgusting!  When I think of my meal this past Friday night, I think of two words: dry and cold. The spinach artichoke dip was just okay - a bit on the dry side and not very cheesy. The onion rings were just okay was well as the batter reminded me of the chicken nuggets at McDonald's, maybe even worse. The BBQ burger (turkey patty) was dry and tasteless as was the bacon. Really? It must take true talent to cook bacon tasteless. There are a few things that the menu has going for itself - a few very unique and fun desserts and drinks that I have yet to see elsewhere. I am fond of the giant pile of cotton candy and, though I'm not much of a beer drinker, the beer tower looks pretty badass.  For me, I came and will continue to come for the fun atmosphere, but I will definitely be staying away from the grub. Adios, cowboy.
ZdQbDVZWDsO-d7q2qW8E3A	fast	"Before all of you band together to burn me at the stake, let me explain.  I have a reason for wanting to review a chain such as Del Taco!  I went here the other day and was shocked.  The staff is nice.  And I'm not just talking fake friendly.  They were genuinely kind and seemed happy to be at work.  In fact, the guy at the counter asked me how my weekend was, so in return, I asked about his.  You know what he said?  ""Perfect.""  He said his weekend was perfect.  I can't remember the last time I had a perfect weekend.  Lucky him.  The food is pretty good too and I especially enjoy their spicy jack quesadilla.  My nachos did not come with any cheese though- not sure if that was a mistake or not.  Just chips.  False advertising.   Anyways, everyone who works there was exceptionally nice.  Why?  This has never happened to me before.  Was I their first customer of the day or are they really just nice people happy with their jobs?  They must pay well there... Is the secret to being happy in life working at Del Taco??"
5-X03Zc0nN7U5eoe8uFUdw	casual	My prom date brought me here 10 years ago. Hmm...I wonder what he was expecting at the end of the night. Although he thought that tanning until he was as red as a lobster was the new black this was one of his better judgment calls.    We had a window seat and I mesmerized him with fascinating facts about the city, which were on little plaques along the windows. It really took him until the end of dinner to figure it out. Anyway, I am sure the menu has changed, but the salad and shrimp with angel hair pasta I had that night were yummy. Cool view. I will have to come back sometime to see how the valley has changed from this view.
R2Z-eHb0POFFVlFXlouLKA	casual	If you got a craving for pizza and don't want to feel too guilty about eating it, this always seems to satiate that fix. The pizzas here are ultra thin and there are many varieties available. Bryan and I always get 2 pizzas because we would still be hungry if we just order one without an appetizer and we can always take the extra home. Today we ate the pepperoni and mushroom pizza and the potato and feta cheese pizza with olive tempanade. Both were yummy in their own way! We ate the tomato, mozzarella, and pesto bruschetta as an appetizer which came out unbelievably quick while waiting for our pizzas. Sauce's pizzas are unique in their own right that I crave when I want something lighter than regular hand tossed pizzas yet don't want to spend as much for gourmet pizzas. It's a comfortable yet yummy in-between compromise!
f96lWMIAUhYIYy9gOktivQ	casual	I love this quiet location right of I-10. Their selection is exactly as reported online, and the online orders I placed are always ready for pickup when they are supposed to be. Parking is wide open, service is good, and the area isn't overpopulated yet so it's always relatively quiet here.
dsh91PoFIn_gHCFEM0okHw	fine	Long-time fans of the Mill Ave location...we finally made it out to the original (I think this was the original, anyways).    Overall, pretty darn good.    The food is on par with the tempe location.  The pastas were delicious - I really liked the Boa Bowtie pasta.     Wines were solid and complimented the meal nicely.  As with the Tempe location, the best part for us is always the Shrimp Adriatica appetizer.  We could just eat a big bowl of that with bread.  The sauce is amazing, the shrimp is well cooked.  The only downside was that it was just regular french bread (or similar) - the tempe location has the fancier, tastier varieties of fresh baked bread.  But the quality of shrimp and sauce was the same.    Service was slow at first (we went late on a Sat night as they were slowing down), but was friendly, made great recommendations and were very helpful overall.  By the end of the meal, I had forgotten about the slow start.  Think we just walked in at an awkward time, which as I said, they really made up for by the end of the meal.    Also, the warm butter cake was decadent.  Maybe not as good as Mastro's butter cake, but it's on the way there.  Really tasty, very fresh.  I could have used some fresh whipped cream or a little vanilla ice cream to go with it, but that's a personal thing.    On a side note - the Zinfandel they are currently offering (think it was like $6-7/glass) is fantastic.  I was impressed at the quality compared to the price.    We'll definitely be back.
tHztlek7Ecs-5ZonXUATyA	casual	I have to add to Andrew's review..... I just can't believe the things that happened!! Yes the app was good. The entree was good too, but there were bites of just bread with no chicken in the panini. It definitely would have been better with more chicken! But the girl working here is one of the worst waitress/bartender/hostesses EVER! When we walked in, she didn't even sit us. We stood there forever waiting until she finally told us to seat ourselves. We went outside since there was nothing left inside. It was too hot outside so we came back in and figured we'd sit at the bar. Luckily a nice guy noticed us looking around and let us sit at the end of his table that he moved apart since his whole party didn't show up for dinner. I was so excited when I saw they had cider on their menu! And not just one, but two that I like! Wyder's Pear Cider and Strongbow!! I ordered a Wyder's. After I finished it and asked for another, she said they were out of them. Okay, so I ordered a strongbow. She came back and poured it into a glass for me. When I took a drink it was disgusting!! It was Boddington's!!!! When I finally got her attention away from flirting with a man sitting at the bar to ask her for the correct drink, she told me they were out of Strongbow too! How are you out of both drinks?? You're a restaurant. Shouldn't it be stocked? You're right across from a BevMo for god's sake! When we ordered our food, he ordered the app. Then I ordered my entree and she walked away! She didn't even get his order!!!! We figured it was probably for the best. We'd split the app and the entree and eat less. Stupid of the waitress to lose money that way, but whatever. When she brought my food, she didn't bring the correct things. How hard is it to remember? She had maybe 4 tables to take care of! Maybe if she stopped texting while she's behind the bar on her cell phone or if she'd stop having a conversation with the guy at the bar, maybe she could have done her job a little better.
ilJiRYZgxjrEu2iexKu-pQ	casual	Friday night after a long workweek seemed to be a good time to treat ourselves to a new cuisine, so my friend and fellow yelper John M. and I decided to check out this Uzbek restaurant. The interior would be mostly generic in appearance were it not for the somewhat ornate Middle-Eastern curtains, and a TV screen playing Uzbek and Russian music videos added to the ambiance. Large pictures of the main dishes in the counter area show you what they offer even before you are seated and handed a menu. For starters, we ordered Uzbek salad - tomatoes, cucumbers and sweet white onions lightly drizzled with a dill vinaigrette - and blinchik, which are crepes with a flavorful meat and onion stuffing; beware, the blinchik are rather filling by themselves. We also ordered palov and lamb kebabs. The palov was a dish of tasty seasoned rice with carrots and meat, and was quite a good choice. The lamb kebabs were juicy and flavorful, though the rice that came with it was on the dry side. A small basket of warm pita bread rounded up the meal. In all, it was a good meal, not great, but definitely satisfying. And I do hope to try the soup dishes next time.
c2_iUhnFqctffbBCSVMEbQ	casual	Amazing place for exceptionally good beer and time with friends! Minimal menu but great collaboration with other local vendors and ordering for delivery at their location is encouraged! Their beer recently passed Four Peaks as my favorite too, not an easy feat! If you're on the fence at all about checking this place out, do yourself a favor and just get yourself there!
q1D8gjMMV4RZU0kFnB5VwA	casual	I went to Genghis Grill one evening while the Beijing Olympics were being aired. My experience eating here was probably a lot like Shawn Johnson's experience at the games -- not quite the showing I expected, but GG still managed to eek out a medal or two.  My favorite Mongolian places include soup and salad bars in addition to the ingredients to be grilled; Genghis Grill does not. I missed being able to snack on a salad while waiting on my first bowl.   The ingredients were all fine; most seemed fresh, but I had to avoid a couple of the less popular offereings (for the life of me, I don't understand why bok choy hasn't captured the hearts of the American public). The sauces were generally tasty...think Trader Joe's bottled dressings and you'll get the idea.   The highlight of the night was when I realized the shredded cheese that given to me by request came free and clear. Of course, this made me wish I would have asked for sour cream, too.   You won't see a picture of my experience at the Genghis Grill on a Wheaties box any time soon, but the meal was pleasant enough for a solid three stars.
cOUS79i4vltKIc_hy4OZBg	casual	There are a lot of things I miss about SoCal and one of those things is the rich and ever present multicultural food experiences. So I've been on a mission lately and I am quite the happy camper now that we've found legit pupusas here in Phoenix.   Salvadoreno is a neat hole in the wall joint that just screams authenticity with a family run affair and kitschy decor on the wall. We arrived early for the dinner hour on a weekday so there wasn't any other customers in there at the time. A little disconcerting at first had I not read the other Yelp reviews. The service was pleasant but the food out a little slow. Not a big deal since everything came out so freshly hot and just prepared.   With the four of us in our party we managed to try the pupusas in carne asada, revueltas (pork, beans and cheese) and the loroco flower (a squash/okra like veggie) with cheese. The pupusa dough was perfect and perfectly fried as well. The accompanying rice was buttery and delicious. The homemade tortilla chips were sinfully satisfying and the fried plantains (a separate order) added a fabulous twist to each bite of pupusa.   All in all we were pleased with our meal and I was even more pleased that Salvadoreno is fairly close to home. We will surely be headed back.   Note to self: the horchata here is not the typical rice and cinnamon drink you're used to from the Mexican joints like Albertos. Here, The menu described it as a morrow seed drink. Since it was not what I was expecting I had a hard time drinking it but it WAS good...just in a different way that's going to take some getting used to.
xymCilKjW4I64hMIt2TouA	casual	The worse food and service. I have never given a bad review. I ordered a shrimp dish with brown rice. The waiter brought out white rice. The sauce was horrible and bland. The calamari salad was not fresh. The dressing was bland too. The waitress checked on us and we asked for check immediately.  She never asked if anything was wrong or if the food was good. I would never recommend or eat here again. The service and food was horrible. I was visiting from out of town and was hoping to get a new experience.  This was not it...
qgVS6sBe7JNEI8otg0Y3dg	casual	"Mucho Taco falls closer to 2.5 stars-average. The prices are very good and the staff was very friendly. Let me start with some positives: the salsa was fresh and tasty as in these were whole tomatoes 5 minutes ago. veggies on the tacos were also fresh and crisp. I had a fish taco & a carnitas taco-total about $4.50. The fish was decent but the carnitas was pretty gristly. I overheard the kitchen staff talking to a customer and found out that they make liberal use of the ""L"" word here. That's right, old school cookin' for better or worse; Lard."
lEGq4UveDPxikXcpwjtFow	casual	I totally love this place. It reminds me of the old school hardcore Chinese restaurant my parents used to take us when we were kids :D   The decor is amazing- unlike more Chinese places in Phoenix. The walls are a teal blue, adorned with large carved pieces of artwork depicting scenes in China, golden dragons and more. The lights hanging from the ceiling are amazingly ornate. The place looks like its from a bygone era (doesn't help that its in a run down strip mall) but it is clean and charming inside.  The service was great- kind to our 2 yo, and very attentive. The food was the best part- I can't remember the last time I had such good Chinese food, and it's priced very reasonably. We got the Peking dinner for 2 which included the fried noodles, hot tea, wonton soup (with generous noodles, meat, shrimp and veggies, the best I've ever had), a pupu platter with eggrolls, bbq skewers, house wings and those cheese puff thingies (the presentation is pretty cool, too). Next came 3 entree sized plates of food: mongolian beef, fried chicken (can't remember the name) and the Peking fried rice. The meal concluded with incredible little desserts- sort of like eggrolls but filled with banana and then covered with crystalized honey. I could have eaten 100 of them! Adding in a beverage and tax, the meal was only $34!   My 2 yo can really eat, so I am surprised and pleased to say that even with sharing the dinner for 2 people with him, the 3 of us walked out with lots of leftovers. Highly recommended. Do it! DO IT!
iwzHQ7aBPrxKybarW5q5TA	fast	Tried a couple Tammie Coe cupcakes and a mini muffin two weeks ago... Unfortunately for them, I also sampled Ollie Cakes... No wonder Ollie Cakes, aka Urban Cookie, won Cupcake Wars and Tammie Coe sits in high rent selling pretty sugar disguised as a cupcake. Drive a few miles north, get whatever the special cupcake of the day is along with a Brown Velvet and Lemon, and save saying you enjoyed Tammie Coe for impressing snooty folk who wouldn't know yummy if it bit them on the butt! Really, the TC cakes were just cakes... No flavor, no texture, dry... And I can't say how impressed I was that the clerk shoved all my selections into one, tiny, flat bag meant for cookies or sandwiches! Apparently presentation and flavor preservation mean nothing... As their products now do, at least to me.
L3BSpFvxcNf3T_teitgt6A	casual	There's not much more I can say about Rula that hasn't already been said. Except, I guess, I can tell you why I like this place. I like it for two glorious words: HAPPY + HOUR.   Yes, those two words matters so much to me. Rula offers 1/2 off all appetizers and discounts on pints. What could be better? I say try the brie, for it comes with an unbelievable apple chutney. If you're looking to split an entree with a friend, opt for the lamb stew - served with a side of soda bread. The stew is hearty and the serving is huge. I've also had the shepherd's pie, which was pretty tasty. Way too large for one person, though.   Also, I discovered that Rula can make ya a Raspberry or Chocolate Guinness. I don't know how either tastes, for I went with a plain (but satisfying) pint. I asked to sample the concoctions, but was told Rula doesn't let people sample liquors. Fair enough.   If I could change one thing about this place (ok, maybe more than one thing), I'd have a larger beer selection - even sold by the bottle. I'd also make it less noisy and crowded at night. If you don't get there early enough to stake your spot, you're likely to be standing the entire time. That doesn't make for a very comfortable experience. Word to wise: take advantage of Rula's casual atmosphere and leave your ridiculously high heels at home.  It's great that Rula offers live music. I wish they offered more. Sure, the outside patio is great, but what if I'm in the mood to play darts? I guess I'll have to go to another bar for that... and for the beer I'm really craving.  WORD TO NON-MEAT EATERS: Try their veggie burger thingy - with mushrooms, peppers and such all heaped between two soft and delicious pieces of bun. Yum. It comes served with fresh, crispy and DIVINE 'tator wedges. These ain't your normal french fries, people. I STILL have cravings for them!  Rula Bula's food deserves 5 stars!
z3zcsnK26QhC7TqDX73zvA	fine	"I'd been hearing about Defalco's for a while now. My husband, Jim W, and my youngest, Abby, raved. ""Best steak grinda since Baston,"" they said. So, on an expedition to get more raw chocolate, we went.  The first thing I noticed was that the tables were scattered among the racks of Italian foodstuffs. I loved that. The place screamed ""Boston"" from the moment we walked in the door. When we ordered, Jim found one of my favorite types of soda in the case, Doc Brown's diet black cherry. I was in heaven.  So we got our number and sat down. While we were waiting - a short wait - I got a brilliant idea which solved a long-vexing problem. Guess it was the east coast vibe.  The food came and I was in heaven. We split a steak sandwich and red potato salad. Jim likes everything and I just like onions so they gave him the mushrooms and peppers on the side. Lots of mushrooms and peppers. It didn't look like a ton of food but we certainly got enough to eat.  What's not to like at Defalco's? The food is fabulous, the prices are good, the people are really nice, and they have all kinds of imported goodies. So I guess the only thing I didn't like about Defalco's was leaving."
ntb-U-AwDqzcVJnVNh9sAA	casual	We went on a Sunday afternoon, the wait was 45 mins for 4 people. We waited because everyone keeps talking about it. Man, was I starving to death when we were seated. I had the ham and cheese omelet and everyone shared an order of waffle with everyone else. The omelet was good. The waffles were light and fluffy. Good but not to die for. I personally think it was over hyped. It is good breakfast food, not GREAT.
UkbiF2Y3FUDGPK5YdCGgIQ	fast	this location is kinda dumpy and seems dirty. it really isn't dirty per-se, just outdated, run down, and therefore gives a dirty vibe. the pizza is always good, but generally the lunch pizza could be warmer. wings are good too. salad bar is low quality. the 3 stars i awarded are really for the pizza, because if you only order that you'll probably be satisfied. and $4 even for 2 slices and a drink (including tax!) should i really have a right to complain about the outdated facility? probably not.
cXx-fHY11Se8rFHkkUeaUg	fast	Ok, yes I am writing a review for a fast food restaurant. I realize that seems a bit strange and quite possibly extremely unnecessary. I mean, fast food is fast food right? Everyone knows what their getting into and what kind of food to expect, right? While this is true I felt it was worth writing a little snippet for the always refreshing Chick-Fil-A.  It's nice to have a fast food experience where the food tastes fresh and actually like real chicken. The nuggets are yummy, flavorful but not overbreaded. My parents enjoyed their chicken sandwiches and agreed that the food is fresh tasting and not too heavy. We also enjoyed the sweet tea which is a classic Chick-fil-A staple.  One important thing to note was that this location was super busy when we walked in right at noon but soon after we ordered our food was ready in a flash. And for those of you who have never been to CFA before? The icing on the cake is the wonderful assortment of dipping sauces to suit whatever flavor mood you are in at the moment. Or you can do what I do and open one of each and dip to your hearts desire. Who doesn't love variety?!
yuLBsnvW2iMHPb8uit6TEQ	casual	Just spent two years in Austin eating BBQ from all over the state.  This place is legit.....for Phoenix.  WORLD CLASS sausage and excellent brisket!    Sides were average.  Nothing much exciting there.  The bread was killing both me and the quality of the meat.  The sauce is too sweet.  It would be great for St. Louis style ribs, but this is Texas...put some spice in there.
YWDqj3nlQ6A13MJbuRvYDw	fast	"When I saw this place pop up along the everyday path home, I had such great hopes.  I was counting the days until I was able to hit this place for a nice weekday lunch.  With an such and ostentatious name as ""The Scottsdale Salad Company"", I was oh so stoked about a genuine alternative...  I envisioned crazy vegan vigilance, staunch environmental activism and a ridiculous gargantuan AYCE salad buffet teaming with fresh usuals and exotic fare.  I would stuff myself into lunch coma with all manner of crazy nosh all while maintaining some personal self-image of ""health"" under the guise of a ""salad bar"".  Glorious.  Alas, I was so, so disappointed.  It's basically a shell of a quick-serve Chinese restaurant very slightly skinned to be a basic eatery.  The place was virtually empty at high-noon on a Tuesday.  I ordered the large Parisian Salad and a soda.  I was expecting a freshly tossed salad piled high on a plate with a flourish deserving of the name ""The Scottsdale Salad Co.""!!  Rather, I got a pre-packed romaine lettuce and cabbage bomb in a plastic clamshell.  Oh, my soda was a nice styrofoam cup I filled on the fountain machine.  All for about $10.  Food cost couldn't have been more than $2 even if purchased from Costco next door.  I certainly wasn't paying for the ambiance.  Lame.  A couple people there got a wrap, which appeared to be emaciated and a general poor excuse for a wrap which I'd like to pay money for at a restaurant.  I could make the same lame roll at home for about $1.  As is, this place is simply another ticking timebomb of another indy resturant failure.  If the owners take a risk and venture to be more than service station food, they might have a prayer..."
pa6K7DGByxBXxcVJ59nWMw	casual	This dairy sells fresh milk, straight from the cow. That's what they're licensed to sell. They use organic feed (dried grasses), hydrogen peroxide for cleaning certain things, and iodine to clean the cows' teats (just like many dairies used to). They want the cows to be out on pasture, but they need a bigger piece of land to do so. If you know of a piece of land in the area, please suggest it to Jackie Calamos. I love their milk. As of this date, milk is $10/gallon, the true cost of the milk (or maybe even a little low). Most of the milk you buy in the store isn't worth the price. Forcing more production out of cows with hormones comes at the cost of quality (and your health). SYD's has all the good stuff (the proof is in the taste). It's never made us sick, and we've been drinking it for 2 years. It's a miracle that this metro area actually has a dairy willing to sell fresh milk to the public! Thank you, Save Your Dairy!
pgz6IeaZgLuzqrk6HMPhzA	fast	"Hippies scare me. So in my preparation to go to this place I ordered Xanax from an on-line Canadian pharmacy, which I have been taking for three days now. Bought a tazer from Spy Headquarters in case one of them tries to hold me down and pours patchouli oil on me. The fifth of gin that I slammed in the parking lot really helped with that last bit of extra courage that I needed to partake my journey into hippie-land. It was all for nothing. No hippies around, just a teenager behind the counter. This place is tiny and the counters are about at mouth level. I don't know how anyone under 7'6"" could easily eat off of them. Anyways for $5 flat, you get a kick ass burger, a school lunch bag half full of well seasoned skin-on fries, and a can of soda. It's true that the fries could have been a bit more crispy but they tasted so good I got over it real quick. I'd be afraid to ask what the special ingredient is because they might say ""it's organic, don't panic"". Jerry's dead, but this place lives on. Thanks hippies!"
wNsmt1hF1uv3YvbwXZMAoQ	casual	!!!!!!! ***  O M G ......So GOOD  ***   !!!!!!!  My family & I keep coming back to this place. We drive over 10 miles to get our fix. I think it's safe to say that we are officially hooked, and when we are jonesin for Tacos Atoyac there better not be anyone or anything standing between us and our Food!  Today we all came aways lickin our chops and yummy in our Tummy. I might not brush my teeth tonight!  Here's what we had:  ~ I had scrambled eggs with chorizo (dry), cheese, onions, potatoes, and Jalapenos. Served with side of refried black beans and spicy rice, and a little plate of grilled onions (sweet & tastey) and jalapenos.  ~ The little woman had a Spicy burrito:al  pastor, cheese, onions, jalapenos, mayo, avocado,   ~ The kid had 5 mini carne asada tacos with cheese.
VpSiOW1PapVmZyyRBK_GBQ	casual	This place is very good. I have dined here for breakfast, lunch and dinner, but Sunday brunch takes the cake. Food is all extremely fresh, and tasty. The best time to go is when this place gets cranking, the style is smaller portions of the food, that have to be replaced very often when busy allowing for extremely fresh food. Asian food is always good, and the gentlemen behind the line can do custom stir fry for you. Italian station has fresh pizzas, that once again are made fresh for you, or order a custom calzone like I do. Mexican station always has the staples, but recently had crab stuffed poblano rellenos!!!! . Berto's gelato with like 16 flavors is a great way to end your meal. If you like buffets, do yourself a favor and make this your number 1!!!
fzHlul2mHy_jwJc-WBRvlg	casual	Pretty good mexican grub in the 480. I had two carne asada tacos and a chile rellano plate. The meat in the tacos was tender, tasty and plentiful, accompanied by chilantro, onion and hot sauce - typical ingredients but done right. The chile rellano had a flavorful red sauce, the batter was not too soggy, the chile was cooked well (not crunchy/underdone, not squishy/overcooked) and the cheese oozed out when the chile was cut into. This dish came with the standard rice and beans, neither of which was remarkable in any way shape or form. Minus two big stars for what they consider guacamole. It wasn't thick, it had no taste and it seemed as though this vital mexican staple was merely there as a garnish. No bueno. If it ain't green, thick and tasty, you better hit the drawing board. Ya feel me?
upzSExkcvYMX9dJMgNARXg	casual	Loooove this place! Yes it's pricey, but good sushi usually is. The guys making the rolls were friendly. The atmosphere is nice. Hubby absolutely loved the quail eggs and I couldn't get enough of the spicy shrimp roll. Seriously, try it. You won't be disappointed!
jNS0oWMju3PyOHkMDcv02A	fast	AAAAMAZING. They have the best hot dogs and corn dogs i have ever had. It is definitely a place to try if you love hot dogs. They have good fries, excellent onion rings.... and very very reasonable prices! I have never met a single person who has said anything but incredible things about Ted's..... definitely a must try!
uL_kqSm8ZqJ_3U88uwA8tw	fine	I have been to St. Francis twice - once for brunch and once for dinner. The brunch deserves 5 stars, we had great service and great food. Their bread was AMAZING! We had great service for dinner, but the food wasn't up to what I was expecting. Things were a little bland and the sauces on all the dishes was a little heavy. However, overall I would definitely recommend them.
Jj7bcQ6NDfKoz4TXwvYfMg	casual	Best Thai food for your dollar in the entire valley. I'm no Thai expert, but I have been to at least a dozen here in the valley. Keep in mind - this is NOT a fancy place - just a simple, inexpensive, casual dining experience. WOW!
rrd7NeAgARDNzPsxxsBJiQ	casual	"This place is great! I've eaten here twice now and both times the food has been wonderful. I've driven by this place for years and it always looked closed to me. The windows are very dark. My husband's barber told him his customers (the barber's) drive all the way from Scottsdale to eat here. We decided to try it out after hearing this and reading good reviews about it on Yelp. The first time we went for dinner. I had the Osso Bucco and my husband had Seafood Paella. Both were great. I've had Osso Bucco in high end restaurants that couldn't compare to this. The second time we ate here for lunch. Husband had the Philly Cheesesteak with Peppers, Onions, and Mushrooms. I had the spaghetti and meatballs. I had some of his sandwich and we both agreed it was the best Cheesteak we've ever had. The sandwiches are loaded with fillings and are not salty. Spaghetti and Meatballs were good but I like Babbo's and Humble Pie's better. I would have given it five stars but the atmosphere is not the best. Our first waiter even told us they do have the reputation for being a hole in the wall. The service is very casual with no sense of urgency. On our second visit for lunch our waitress told us she had been there over five years and they have quite a few regulars. Both times we have visited the restaurant was almost full. Try this place out even though it is a ""hole in the wall."""
R6aazv8FB-6BeanY3ag8kw	casual	burger heaven! I had THE PIG Burger... it. was. delicious. and it was served on a pretzel roll. mmmmmm Good vibe feeling in Circle H, I like the pictures on the walls, the bar look, the entire environment was relaxed and easy going. I came the day of the official ribbon cutting, so I got to see that happen (i had no idea those giant gold scissors were real scissors by the way. i guess, that is a dumb though b/c what else would they be??) and it was nice to see everyone gathered for this moment. The french fires were piping hot and delicious, they have all sorts of sides like slaw, beans, mac n cheese etc. I also had a bite of the brisket sandwich. It was so very very good, I am ordering that next time I go back. Local beers on tap, good price too. Great start for a new restaurant, there were of course the new hickups, but those kins get worked out with more time. Nothing to worry about. That's how you learn!!
ics35glmd7JXtY3qrq3jxw	fast	I'm no regular here, but on occasion I get a craving for an Iced Mocha that tastes like chocolate milk. Tully's has that down. That's the only thing I've ever ordered here (I go elsewhere for my usual espresso needs), so I can't speak on the rest of their drinks. But, I don't imagine the rest of their drinks being bad; their Iced Mochas are very enjoyable.  The service can be spotty. There are a couple ladies that work there that are sweet and take good care of the customers. But I've also encountered a couple of employees that aren't friendly and/or are super slow. Whatever; Tully's isn't my usual haunt. But it's good for what it is: fast-food-coffee.
s_cKw6m0Fw9jZbobRH0YSg	casual	I have been coming here since discovering them after their opening week last year and I haven't stopped coming back. The food is predominantly Filipino; the Filipino-Mexican fusion comes in the burritos, flautas and quesadillas filled with Filipino meat dishes. A great starter would be the Chicken Adobo burrito. Karey's does it right by not dumping rice and fillings inside the burrito; they're served on the side. For those more interested in rice plates and combinations, Karey's serves daily prepared dishes such as Pork Adobo and Chicken Adobo (pork or chicken simmered in garlic and soy vinaigrette) and Beef Mechado (a type of stew with beef chunks, potatoes, and onions in a light tomato gravy) with either white rice or Garlic Fried Rice (yummy). There are also specials that rotate each day, which can be checked out on their Twitter account. This is a great idea as one can find out when they are serving Lechon (roasted pig)! Yum! There are dishes that can be prepared fresh but are not part of the combination specials. The ones I've tried that I highly recommend are their Lumpia (fried eggrolls in chicken, beef, or vegetable) and Pancit Canton (stir-fried noodles with vegetables). The pork lumpia was great when they used to serve it, and I preferred it to the beef lumpia that they serve now...but it's still good ;) Not only is the food delicious but the warmth of the staff is something to always look forward to. Karen and Rey make you feel truly at home. The best thing about Karey's Kitchen is having a Filipino restaurant in Phoenix and not having to drive all the way to the East or West Valley!
3D8thbL2D2c3qTMeYROAOQ	casual	I've been eating at Hap's since they were in a trailer in a parking lot on 24th and Jefferson. And for those of you who have don't hail from the south, you will find this to be extremely good BBQ. I always opt for the 2 meat combo dinner with smoked lamb and pulled pork (sometimes beef brisket). Served up with cornbread and mashers plus BBQ sauce and mint sauce on the side. My one gripe is they don't serve corn on the cob. Head over just before or after the busy lunch hour and escape the wait in line.   I don't see Honey Bear's getting New Times Best of Phoenix consecutive years in a row. Not to say that Honey Bear's isn't good but I guess it depends on what kind of BBQ sauce you like since the sauce makes it. Hap's was also highly regarded in Sunset Magazine's Best of the West and several other publications hung on their wall.
-vHWAsiX0iHWJw-pkqv32Q	fine	I will have to admit that I was not a huge fan of the Keg, as I have been to the Chandler Mall location and I was not impressed. I was hesitant to try the new location at the San Tan Mall, but I tried it anyway. I have been there 3 times in the last 3 months, and I am glad that I did.  I thought the waitstaff was excellent and very helpful every time I went there, and their menu has some really great choices. The bar was very nice and clean and the outside patio is pretty awesome. If you go during the cooler months, they have a nice fireplace and comfortable seating. The prices are similar to Outback, but the food is far better.  I will be returning.
vJ8h5KUTL5L7taf72zcOlA	fast	Conspire is independent, open late, and yummy. Everything I look for in a coffee shop. You'll be a fan if you miss Counter Culture or Willow House.  The owner makes a wonderful latte. He steams the milk perfectly, better than most baristas in Phoenix! I just wish he had brewed coffee. Sure, the espresso is good, but it is not a replacement for a thoughtful, well mixed, drip. No, I do not want an americano instead. I want a cup of coffee!
gI4jThFNwy73SzaNvi-1dw	fine	This restaurant has the best Italian food I have ever ate in my life!!! Definitely one of the best restaurants in AZ. I had the sautéed calamari for an appetizer, and an amazing dish for dinner with red snapper and pasta. Their bread also melts in your mouth. Blown away by the service. Gilda was my server, and she was amazing. Everyone was super nice, professional, courteous, and sooooooo hospitable. I've never had service this good at a restaurant other than at Cafe Poca Cosa in Tucson. SERIOUSLY. AMAAAAAZING restaurant!!!!!
ZtT1O60hjWaiGS8itVDQyg	casual	I love supporting such local businesses in my neighborhood- and you should too!  If I worked in the area, it would be in my lunch rotation.  The customer service here rocks- it appears as if they actually care if you enjoy the food you have ordered.  I appreciate this and think they deserve a huge kudos on that one.  The hours are pretty ridiculous- they close at 5 on weekdays and are open from 10:30-3:30 on Saturday's.  I've had the Route 66 (Buffalo chicken) and the Ringo Starr and have enjoyed them, but it wasn't true love.  Don't get me wrong, fair choices but no real excitement.  The Sirachi chili sauce helps out- but I love that stuff.  A solid choice, although not mind blowing in any stretch of imagination.
Oj79-vTnjQk_jLr6oNbT0Q	casual	Very good battered dipped fish, cole slaw bland, fries came barely warm. Service is fast for crowd, very nice and friendly staff. I'll go back for the fried cod. Did have to exchange coffee cup. It had some funk dried and stuck to the inside wall.
vA8T8QXh78iSXhxShLNgQA	casual	I LOVE this place. I have been craving their Baked Spaghetti Pie again for 5 years and I finally got it today since I'm back for a business trip! I remember pretty much everything on their menu is fresh and delicious. Their prices are great too! Very polite staff.
KV-yJLmlODfUG1Mkds6kYw	casual	This is the best Asian restaurant in town! Previously Shanghai Palace, this out of the way restaurant serves up some of the best curry and pad Thai, that I have ever tasted in my life! The Panang Curry is so savory and aromatic, literally one of the best things I have ever had. I honestly crave this dish about twice a week. Also any thing on the menu can be made vegetarian this is a huge bonus for all veggie's around town! The Chef-owner Tottie Kaya, is always very hospitable. She walks around to each table making sure everything is up to standard. I have never once had a bad experience at this delicious eatery. So if you love Asian cuisine, you must dine at Tottie's!
lvpXyfTDF5WZnjzc36r5Wg	casual	FOOD: I tried the T-Rex (meat lovers pizza), and it was scrumptious. The Thai Peanut Sauce Pizza was a little weird, yet still tasty in its own way, and I could only handle one slice before growing tired of peanut sauce. The Buffalo Chicken Wing Pizza was also pretty good. The highlight of the menu was the beer. The Elsie's Irish Cream, a milk stout, was one of the best stouts I've had (better than the Left Hand Stout). It had a strong coffee flavor but in a good way (I don't drink coffee). The Orange Blossom (mandarin orange hefeweizen) was the best Hefeweizen I've ever had, and I generally don't like Hefeweizens. The orange flavor definitely made that drink more than tolerable. I tried several other beers from Papago's own brewery, and the rest seemed good. They have dozens of bottled beers in the fridges along the walls. But I never got a chance to try any of them. PRICE: Around $5 per beer on tap. Personal pizzas were $9 and large pizzas that could feed 2-3 people were $18. Appetizers were around $5. ATMOSPHERE: Pretty neat place. Funny statues, tvs, darts and all wooden furniture. Drawbacks are very small tables, uncomfortable chairs, odd layout, and almost too loud at times. SERVICE: The place seemed a little understaffed at times. We would be helped my a couple employees throughout the night as one would have to run behind the bar to make drinks or clean. All the servers were very nice and patient, but seemed to be a little overwhelmed and, thus, forgot to bring me a drink I ordered. SKINNY: Papago Brewing Company Inc has its pros and cons, but overall its a good place. I would definitely go there for the beer, while the pizza is good but nothing to rant about. Some may disagree with me, but I still prefer Tempe's own Four Peaks. I feel Four Peaks' food is better, better seating, and the beers are just as good as Papago's flavors. Don't let this comparison discourage you! Papago's is still a good place to drink and eat.
oyzxIqrtzu-8sWlPhJVsLw	casual	"I had to chime in for JOT-C (yep, that's what I call it) because I know it very well, and it's gotten an unjustified bad rap from other Yelpers so far. I've eaten here for over a decade. I've brought friends, college classmates, relatives, and dates here. I lost my dad 3 years ago and I have fond memories of dining here with him. I distinctly remember spilling a Coke all over myself the first time I brought him here. I also remember coming here on my very last day of law school, with a bunch of classmates from Employment Law. The folks here have seen their share of special occasions in my life. Wouldn't be true if this were truly just a 2 star experience.   I don't think it's fair to nail a restaurant with a bad review based on only a single visit, in most circumstances. Restaurants are run by humans, who are allowed to have a bad day now and then. I've eaten here a billion times. Occasionally something has annoyed me. Most of the time the service is prompt. And those things are true of every restaurant I've ever frequented more than once. At JOTC, even if it's not prompt, it has not even once been unfriendly. There is an elderly gentleman waiter in particular who I especially like. A non-Indian friend I came here with once asked him, ""So, what part of India are you from?"" The waiter look back puzzled and said in his typically mild and hushed manner, ""Sir, I am from Mexico City."" We LOL'd.   It's #2 on my list of Indian restaurants in the Valley, which is pretty good. Since Tandoori Times is so close by it almost always wins out on a given night, over the past year or so. But the fact remains that JOTC is solidly #2.   The food is good, by my Indian standards. Samosas: awesome. Chicken tikka masala: very good. I tried the bhindi masala once and that didn't turn out too well. A unique JOTC feature is that dishes are served in very cute, traditional-looking, brass or copper Indian pots.   Little details like that lead me to say that the decor and atmosphere here probably beat out Tandoori Times and every other Indian place. Simple but elegant, with old Indian art on the walls and cool room dividers thoughtfully placed throughout. The outdoor seating is very pleasant, with heaters to warm you up during winter. The location only adds to the reason to eat here. It's in a cool space next to the Scottsdale Civic Center, a few yards away from AZ 88. It's a solid place to come with a group to eat, drink, and enjoy some good conversation.  JOTC doesn't blow me away (thus only 4 stars), but it needs to be said that if you live in the Valley it is worth at least one visit if you like Indian food, which you wouldn't be able to tell from the other reviews. Judge for yourself."
VZG8spL8Tqffg9KYbBrDvg	casual	This was just ok. I got the steakhouse salad, which came with four pieces of meat the size of quarters. I'm sorry, but that's no $13 salad. I had to send it back, because I asked for the meat to be cooked through and it was rare.  My dining partner said her pizza was tasteless.  It was very loud.  In all, it was too much money for what we got. We won't go back.
ar90fbRbQtiyZLtwjwwXUg	casual	This Mexican restaurant has the best burritos in town!  This is not your roach infested 24 hour drive through kind of burrito joint either.  Here are the reasons that make La Tolteca #1 and one of my favorite places to eat in Phoenix! 1-Full bakery with mouth watering fresh pastries 2-Fresh ingredients and great prices 3-Also serves beer if you feel like having a Corona with your meal as opposed to take out 4-Little market has the best prices in town on citrus fruits and just enough of everything to cook up a little Mexican meal (Ranch Market not needed!) 5-Make your own pico/ salsa bar, make it your style and get as much of it as you want:) So, if you are downtown looking for authentic Mexican this is the place.  Of course it is super casual take out or seat yourself kind of place so don't  try to flatter your date here! But get there early, I'm pretty sure they close up shop by 9 or 10...
-EctXOb3B7T177jGYUhjVA	fast	Maestro Chris Bianco whips up addictive sandwiches at his laboratory on Central Avenue. Ingredients are local and super-fantastic. Check out what today's market sandwich is -- if it's oven-roasted pork, buy it immediately. Don't miss the rice pudding.
16SBP4NJhr7PTOW-WnRL5A	casual	Thank you, Mobile Yelp App! Without you, I would have been stuck in Phoenix with no idea of where to find Thai food for lunch that was near a Light Rail station in Tempe! I arrived at Thai Rama about 11:15 AM. On entering, there was no indication of waiting to be served and no one visible from the staff, so I selected a table and sat down. My waitress came to the table and asked if I would be more comfortable at a 2-seat table instead of the 4-seat table I had selected. Since there were about 25 available tables of various size, I declined and told her I was comfortable where I sat. There were 3 other tables active in the restaurant, so I did not anticipate the restaurant needing my 4-top before I was done. The waitress set the lunch specials menu on the table and went to get a glass of water. The lunch specials menu had 10 options available, but no Som Tom. I asked the waitress if Som Tom was available and she answered that she did not know what Som Tom was. She reached for a full menu as I explained that Som Tom is green papaya salad. She handed me the menu and directed me to the third page for salads. There, first on the list, Som Tom. I ordered Som Tom, the yardstick by which I measure every Thai restaurant, 10 spicy (5 makes my nose run, 8 makes my forehead sweat and 10 brings tears to my eyes), leaving off the green beans and shrimp, and jasmine rice. Waitress asked if I wanted anything else to drink, but I said I would stick with water. Ambience here is pretty plain...and the paper napkins are not of the highest quality. The decor reminded me of a formula-type restaurant like an Applebees or Chili's...with a hispanic flair. I observed the chef as he came out of the kitchen and made a loop around the dining room. As he walked by, I asked in Thai how he was doing. He stopped and replied that the day was starting off slow, but that it would be busy soon enough. Then, he continued back on to the kitchen after wishing me a good day. About 5 minutes later, my papaya salad was brought to the table. Portion size was nice, about 2 1/4 cups. I took a taste and evaluated a 5 spicy. When the waitress came to ask if I needed anything, I asked for more chili and lime. She returned quickly with red chili pepper and sliced lime. I doctored up the order and fell to with a gusto. For the price, adequate. Jasmine rice was about a cup, and not too sticky. The waitress was good about keeping my water glass full...and in Phoenix, that is important! On completing my lunch, I sat and waited for the waitress to bring my bill. I saw no one for about 10 minutes, then the chef came out of the kitchen and made another round of the dining room. He asked me (in English) if I enjoyed my salad. I answered in Thai that it was not spicy enough, and I was surprised he was using red chili instead of Thai chili. He chuckled and replied that Thai chili was a little more expensive. I asked for my check and he said he would send the waitress out. For the convenience, outstanding! For the next experience, I will be sure the chef sees me before I place my order. For the wait on the bill, a little too long.
NDKkce5Au-o_OhIt5f2ZBg	casual	"Looove this place! I loved the sexy, yet simple atmosphere. I felt as though the air was cleaner somehow just walking inside. Let me first say that Happy Hour prices were outstanding! I have to admit, I think my favorite Happy Hour spot, StingRay, has just been outdone! The food was delicious! All of it! ALL...OF...IT! From the cucumber salad to their famous appetizer, the mustard leaf wrap, it is flavorful and fresh. The service was pretty good, but there was some confusion I think more than once, so it delayed the service a bit. When I have to stop and say, ""Hey, where's my [fill in the blank], I know the service is lacking, although I would say not enough to keep me away! I was really, really happy when I left here, might have been my company, but we all loved it so that is what mattered!"
gWQlTK3o29rZGlw2YLUnhA	casual	"Go Go here for happy hour! From 4-7pm you can delight in their half priced apps and specialty cocktails. Their sushi rolls are meh, but their teriyaki ribs are falling off the bone, finger lickin' good! The cocktails seem to be concocted for little Asian girls (which is odd since there are no Asian girls in Scottsdale, especially now that my BFF and I are gone) - fruity with cutesy names like ""Hello Kitty,"" ""Harajuku Lover,"" ""Shiso Horny,"" and ""Kinki Kooler"" just to name a few. My favorite was the ""Turning Japanese"" which was like biting into a vodka infused pear.  Service at the bar was wonderful - Victoria is the one of the cutest bartenders in Old Town (guys, go pay her a visit). Drinks were flowing and the food came out quickly.  In addition to the happy hour and Victoria, make sure you check out their restrooms and private karaoke rooms, complete with ""entertainment"" poles. If you end up spending a long time on their Toto toilets, people will understand why. Seat warmer and a bidet? You'll want to take your business there on a daily basis."
XA-mMT47rFZNEllPBCYWQQ	fast	double-double, protein style, with pickles and spread only please. and a medium iced tea. in-n-out gets it. i like my burger the way i like it, and they don't mind serving it my way. they have never screwed up my order. they have the best iced tea, and fresh lemon wedges that aren't pathetically small. they pay their workers a fair wage, and you can tell - they're all nice and happy. love me some yummy, cheap eats and service with a smile!
qcylQLL-fXdFHrdXC2jZFw	casual	Totally sufficient for a few rounds of pool or darts while keeping an eye on the 67 tv screens they have mounted on the walls.  Just stick to the cheap pitchers of domestic beer. I ordered a rum and coke and it tasted like cleaning products.   I would come back, but only if I didn't feel like driving all the way to Lucky Break in Tempe.
fIKyldfAWFJOTT1mHWw6gQ	fine	We traveled from Anthem to find this little Turkish heaven. The drive was worth it. Loved everything about this place from the service to the food! Definitely be back.
6TuM3UyFP9O9uzTP0dVZMw	casual	The Original Burrito Co. is quickly becoming my favorite burrito place. The owner came to eat at the restaurant I work at and she told me to come by and try this place out and being a huge fan of Mexican food I had to go. The burritos are really huge and really well priced. I love the California burrito with Chicken, add guacamole. The chicken is so moist and tender. I have tried the carne asada as well, but when I got it it was full of cilantro and jalapenos, which were just overbearing, but I'm thinking it could have been a bad day and will have to try it again. Downside for me would be that the salsa is not spicy at all. It tastes very good, but I am a huge fan of spicy, especially on Mexican food, and its a bummer for me when a place does not offer a very spicy salsa.
RtApx92iFX4n-e1VlQlkmQ	fine	Man, if these guys were trying to replicate a gringo bar in Mexico down to every last detail, then they have it absolutely nailed. Sorry to ruin the mystery of the name. The building itself is a spectacle-- a brightly colored fusion of indoors and outdoors with a few different bars, games like the beanbag toss and televised sporting events in every direction, music blaring, a room dedicated to Elvis, and more Chuck Norris jokes than you can count plastered across the walls along with a bevy of posters advertising drink specials. A line of blue footprints painted across the concrete floor leads to the men's room, dollar signs to the ATM... genius stuff, really. It wouldn't have been at all out of place were they to have tried selling surfing monkey statues or trotting out a donkey painted like a zebra for an extra special photo opportunity.  Rumor had it that Dos Gringos had a killer Sunday brunch buffet and Bloody Mary bar, so we showed up at 10:30 AM to find... that they hadn't opened yet. A place that offers brunch but has the balls to wait until after 11 is okay in my book. Ten bucks gets you all-you-can-eat eggs, bacon, chile verde, beans, and a bunch of other stuff to tickle your fancy. There's nothing like sitting out in the sun, feeding a hangover and resuscitating last night's buzz before the clock strikes noon, and it sure beats sitting in traffic when that monstrosity of a church up the street unleashes some Old Testament fury on Alma School Road. Dos Gringos probably gets spring break wild on Friday night, but on Sunday morning, this place was just as tranquil as the doctor ordered.
s1Z1GO4UZ-GDmRvSqpqDFg	casual	My significant other had a $25 off coupon from Restaurant.com LOL. That could sum up the whole trip. I haven't been to many restaurants that participate with restaurant.com that are decent at all. I mean, I wasn't expecting much coming into this place, I shouldn't have expected anything here.  I was in the mood for some red meat, and sushi places do actually have decent dishes like teriyaki chicken and stuff like that sometimes. So, I didn't mind checking this place out since I do like a little bit of sushi on the side. The boolgogee, plain, simply plain. There was a salad with the boolgogee, but it too was plain. There wasn't nearly enough meat to warrant a price tag of $8, because the salad and rice probably didn't cost more than $0.50 to make.  Oh, the sushi? All of the sushi we happened to get were either super plain or super spicy. By spicy, I mean that there were just too many tastes going on at the same time and it was too overwhelming. I tried a few bites of the 3-4 different rolls we got. After I tried each roll I thought that I liked it but that the taste was too overwhelming for me to want to try another bite. We paid $18 for the food even after the coupon, and I honestly think that even at the price it might be a bit of a rip off considering you can get cheaper, higher quality sushi at Teharu.  This place is a rip-off for sushi in my opinion. Its not good enough to warrant the hefty price tag. The sad part is that the interior is very well done, if the food was actually good this place would be extremely interesting.
1F-pelV0fTduYV_vCrvjLA	casual	I really love Pita Jungle. My first experience was at the one downtown, and now, I have to get my fix. I found this location since it is close to my home, and wanted to check it out. Upon entering, I was pleased with the location. Well decorated, clean, good lighting, ample seating. I was greated by the hostess, and sat at the bar. The place was pretty busy, and I was by myself. I was greeted in a quick manner by a nice server from behind the bar. I took a moment to review my menu, and decided to skip a full meal and go for some lentil soup. Now, here is where things get dicey. I won't hold it against Pita Jungle, but I have to put this in the review. First, after being seated, I noticed that it was a little toasty in there. I think they could have turned up the A/C. I am sure if I had been drinking, I probably would have broken a slight sweat, as it was warm in here. Secondly, after I ordered my lentil soup, it took what seemed like forever to get it. I did not time it with a stop watch, but it took a long time for just a bowl of soup. Secondly, when I did get the lentil soup, I didn't care for it. It looked kinda gross and didn't taste all that great. And, in case you were wondering, NO, I didn't send it back or complain. I was to tired and didn't feel like being a sourpuss. The other problem that I experienced, was the server girl brought out my check WAY before I was ever served my food. I hate that! At least bring my bill with my food, not before! Aside from that, I dig this place.
TMdHhDI7jYQ9206dtvrBgA	fine	Have you ever had the Lean Cuisine chicken enchiladas? Have you ever been to a super obnoxious sorority party, where all the blonde bimbos are tanked and dancing on tables and such? Have you ever been totally ignored by wait and bar staff even though you've doused yourself in lighter fluid and set yourself on fire? Well. Then. You've been to San Felipe's. Lower than mediocore food. Except for the grilled fish tacos. Thus 2 stars. Not 1. When I lived at DCRanch, I thought this would be a less expensive, less formal place to hang out. Hmmm...other than grabbing a quick beer here I'd sooner stay at home, eat Doritos and watch a sorority slasher film. What do Kristin and Pierre say? Meh? Yea, that's it. Meh!
sMO71vGV8wkKujOle3-v7g	casual	They play two kinds of music here: country and western. The place is about the size of my one bedroom apartment. It's a dive for sure. It's cheap though. But cash only. The food is actually not too bad for bar food. Overall this place doesn't impress much, but considering you don't have a lot of choices for Laveen, you can't really compalin either.
zwToyWL4dT1clsFPK9wI2w	casual	We arrived at US Egg on St. Patrick's Day at 10:00 am before the A's vs. Giants Spring Training game and only had a wait of 15 minutes. Not bad to start! Promptly seated we were brought a pitcher of water and ordered our breakfast. The Denver Scramble is delicious! My husband ordered the Hash & eggs - reasonably priced, quick service and a ton of food to start your long days off right!
jqZKv-7F54guDLalXEjHxg	casual	Neat!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This place is like a trip to a non-petting zoo and aquarium and aviary while you dine on fairly decent Mexican food. I was here for a late brunch and didn't wait at all. I was near a window that right on the pond, and just about every turtle in the pond crawled out to come on over and see what the Rock was cooking and how I was enjoying it... no joke, see pic! The ducks and geese were very active in the lagoon, showing off for all the diners, and it thrilled the kids to pieces. The guacamole is decent and the 3 types of salsa you're given were all good in their own ways. If anything, swing in here for the atmosphere. I bet its awesome at night.
3E_toMWSUCuhRJzG1eml8Q	fine	After hearing good things about the Scottsdale location, I was looking forward to lunch at Arcadia Farms when visiting the museum for the Ansel Adams showing.  Unfortunately, it was a little disappointing.  Service was painfully slow.  I'm not sure if that was the kitchen or the server, but in either case, I was not impressed.  We started with the baked goat cheese.  For some reason, I envisioned the caramelized onions and roasted tomatoes atop the cheese, but everything was combined.  While it was quite good, only the bottom portion was hot.  The rest of it was only lukewarm.  I wondered if perhaps the dish is prepared ahead and refrigerated, resulting in the uneven temperature.  We also shared the smoked turkey and warm brie sandwich with white bean salad.  They generously served each of us a full side of the salad with our half sandwich, which was more than enough.  Although the sandwich had just been grilled, the inside was still somewhat cold.  I also would have preferred just a little more apple, but overall, it was A-OK.  The white bean salad with red peppers and possibly cucumber if I remember correctly was sorely lacking in flavor.  Salt helped, but not enough to save the dish.  If it was dressed with anything other than oil, I missed it.    Arcadia is just fine if you're already at the museum and looking for a bite.  Otherwise, I don't know that I would return.
-I3Cu9rLQXtL5us5wdy8tA	casual	The beer list here is GREAT. Seriously. If you like craft brews, go here.  The food is meh. There are a lot of really interesting combinations, but the execution wasnt the best. The service is also meh. All 8 of us had to be wary when our waitress came around to tell her that so and so needed something too. She would take one or two orders at a time.   Seriously though, the beer is awesome.
JIV4LF8KE8pAUnU28QAhIw	fast	This is my favorite Chipotle to go to because it's the closest one to my work. I call in orders all the time and the staff always has it ready to go. Even when I don't have a pick up order they always move quickly to get everyone through the line, which is great because when I'm hungry I want everyone out of my way!
PwtYeGu-19v9bU4nbP9UbA	casual	This hole in the wall quite possible has the best Chinese food in Phoenix. Deffinitely the best Wor Won Ton soup and pork Egg Foo Young. Great for carry out and they have a large delivery area!
jJhNOhuGpIsJX5SEUFFWYQ	casual	This was a great place to go with the parents for Thanksgiving. Dinner was served family style and it was a ton of food! Started with a plate of 3 different bruschetta appetizers that were excellent. Then had a choice of 2 salads, 2 meats - we had turkey that was served with a focaccia dressing and the tilapia served with a side of some of the best creamed spinach I ever had - then 2 side dishes in addition - mashed sweet potatoes and mashed garlic potatoes that were just okay - 2 pasta dishes - we had the signature Rigatoni D and the angel hair with pomodoro sauce/sausage - and 2 desserts! It is a little pricey, but for the amount of food they serve and all the leftovers, I think it's worth it. The best way to go here is with a group and do the family style menu. I've been to other Maggiano's in Chicago and to me, they're all pretty much the same - good and plentiful food and fast friendly service.
ke3RFq3mHEAoJE_kkRNhiQ	casual	Great to see a Total Wine closer to where I live. Large selection and decent prices. Used the $10 off coupon from the newspaper to buy a nice Napa Cab this afternoon.
cTirJGp4NdxpbjzBovs8Fg	fast	I'm glad that Cafe Rio Mexican Grill opened up in Town and Country.  We have been to Cafe Rio a couple of times now.  On Tuesday they have tacos for $1.50.  Cafe Rio is now my favorite place for tacos.  The beef and pork tacos are the best.  If you are looking for a good taco you should check out Cafe Rio.
oCA2OZcd_Jo_ggVmUx3WVw	fine	As far as Peter Piper Pizza's go, this one is pretty awesome! Yes, you have the kids running around everywhere. Yes, you lack gourmet pizza. But, uh, HELLO. It's Peter Piper Pizza. I happen to like (not love) the pizza here, maybe it stems from it being rooted in me as a child. Anytime we go dining with children under 13 in tow, this is always a great choice. The kids eat, they play, they tire themselves out and they come home with a bunch of cheap crap they bought with their tickets that cost me triple what it would of cost at the dollar store with regular grown-up money versus tokens and tickets. Anyhow..... I'm a fan of this particular location because: 1) The place is spacious enough that you are not run down by little people on your way to pick up your order. 2) They keep tables, play areas and restrooms very clean. 3) Service is satisfactory. 4) Play area, arcade games, carousel are all in great condition - nothing torn, falling apart or borderline condemned like other Peter Piper restaurants. 5) They have several 32 inch TV's hanging in case you want to catch a particular game while the kids are playing. 6) And, again, the pizza is really not that bad.
UEdKDUGcvXzR-0_Ow9K2Vg	casual	Thai Basil is just delicious! I love Thai food but i try not t drag the bf along too much since he has not yet found a Thai place that has a dish he really loves but that changes since bringing him here ! WHOOP WHOOP! Really good and quick service for either eating in or taking to go ( we have done both). He is in love right now with their chow mein and i as always am a big fan of Pad Thai. their pad Thai is not as spicy as other places i have been which is ok considering i can spice it up myself if necessary. only downfall for me is i am not a fan t all of their sweet and sour pork which is a big deal for me, since next to Pad Thai that is definitely a second. Their chicken sa tay and spring rolls are really good as well! Cheap!
dn9sB0Kok8cnkDhpcl7YCg	casual	I have been searching for a good Pho restaurant ever since Saigon Pho in Chandler went down hill.  Pho Van is a very clean, well organized, and well staffed restaurant in the Asian Center that shares space with Lee Lee's and other shops.    I had the traditional Pho Ga (chicken soup in beef broth) and Goi Cuon (Spring rolls).  Both were very good.  The noodles in the broth were perfectly cooked and had great texture and the chicken was all white meat and very tender.  The veggies that accompany the pho were fresh and crisp.  The Spring Rolls were perfect as well stuff full of healthy green veggies.    The prices were a little higher than I am used to in a pho place but it was not bad.  They also do not accept AMEX so beware if that is all you use.    Overall a great place and this is my new Go-To-Pho in the valley.
Xk3inJcuBGLhavUcdlINZA	fast	"I love a place that lets me do whatever I want. I can go to this place and scarf down a whole bunch of pretty good tasting frozen yogurt for 160 some-odd calories. I can pig out on Thrifty Brand Ice Cream - oh joy! I can pretend I am in Hawaii and have shave-ice (snow cones to mainlanders). I can get a puppy cup of frozen yogurt for my dog. How COOL is THAT??? I can get quarts of stuff to bring home. AND - here's the big one....the people are actually really, really nice! Okay - I've read the other reviews - the frozen yogurt is good - nothing that will drive you to ecstacy - but good enough to hit that ""I need something cold and frozen"" spot. My dog loves the lo-cal treat. So, depending on the Length of my hike, it is yogurt, ice cream, sometimes both......you get double punches on Wednesday and the puppy cup is free if you bring your puppy."
0vzZ_Bcb02rJljeMU9XkBw	fine	"""Honey I Shrunk the Lunch Specials and the Restaurant, too!"" is more apropos of a name for Thai Basil. Now don't get me wrong, I like Thai Basil. The food is decent and the interior is nice, but the tables/diners seem to be squished elbow-to-elbow New York style. Spartan, but slightly upscale, this restaurant ALWAYS seems to have a wait. The yellow curry here is my favorite with a delicious balance of coconut, spice, carrots chicken and potatoes. I can't ever seem to get enough, and I really mean that. The portions here are small, and while lunch portions are expectedly small, portions elsewhere (at Chanpen Thai, for example) are larger and less expensive. Elsewhere the Thai BBQ chicken comes with 1/2 a chicken, but at Thai Basil they give you three lonely strips like cheapos! The massaman curry and pad thai are pretty good too, but I feel they're just OK. I've had better. Service is hit or miss here. One thing that's consistent: they always seem to be understaffed. Once when I was dining alone (at a 4-person table) they had the nerve to ask me to move while in the middle of eating, to a 2-person table. To me, Thai Basil is style over substance. Not impressed. Next."
qfFSS0A5OXUkCbTeC1fYLw	casual	As one of my fave restaurant's in Scottsdale, the Herb Box is the perfect place for a great patio and lunch. At dinner the atmosphere is subtly romantic with string lights illuminating the patio. Other than the ambiance, the food is some of the best fresh local food I've tasted. A personal favorite is the Free Range Chicken with Goat Cheese... Can you say tasty? My mouth waters just thinking about it. Walking in, the crew at the Herb Box is some of the friendliest you'll ever meet (and the funniest). When you go, make sure to save room for dessert... the cheesecake of the moment is always a win!
Lt-dQ0kUWFm0nDgLwdEo_g	fast	Chloe's Corner, opened last week in the CityScape, Downtown.  The interior is modern, spacious and very comfortable. The design is not only admirable, but also very broad. Inside the restaurant there are various types of seating. Tables, counters even plush chairs to chill and kick it with a glass of beer or wine among friends. There is an outside patio too.  The first thing you notice during breakfast is a fifty cent cup of coffee. This is a bold brew in a paper cup and plastic top. Excellent coffee. For my morning meal I order Chloe's favorite, a six dollar 2 scrambled eggs, 2 slices of bacon, toast, wedge of fruit, plate. The swirled marbled rye bread crafted at John Anthoney's Italian Bread Company was perfect. Potatoes sauteed with fresh chili peppers were tip top. Bacon was thick and so good.  This is one of the areas newest restaurants, and even has a few groceries. Fresh ready to go pre-made lunches, fruit, wine, beer and soft drinks. I would love to recommend at least one bottle water that would come in a paper carton instead of plastic. I took home a bottle of Le Village, Sparkling French Limonade, tasty.  Also a big thanks to Malalay, a super svelte, very friendly gal that not only poured the coffee and brought the food, but laughed with me too. And ^5's to my cook.  Total bill today was $10.33. I will visit again. Happy Hour next time, to check out the beer garden.
ho4Te6bO2tGs56h9PF2vuA	fast	"I went to lunch with my buddy, Rob M., to a place called Uncle Bear's Bar and Grill. It was actually pretty cool! I was surprised because it is in one of the more LAME areas near my house. Namely ""Warner and Cooper"".  When we entered however, it was anything BUT lame. Dog bowls on all the tables filled with mutant peanuts. Granted, it was lunch, but there really wasn't more than 3 other groups there. This led me to believe the food/service was bad. Not at all! This place rocked!  We shared some nachos in a heterosexual kinda way, and shared manly stories about football before shoving off. By the way, Rob, you owe me $15.00!!!"
qsThMZ3lXWYLN4t08ScsNA	fast	We didnt feel like going out and decided to order in. Compared to most delivery restaurants of this style, we were happy not to get a salt bomb for a meal. Only quibbles were ordering two larges and only getting one rice and their online menu not being accurate with regards to pricing. Good flavor on the Kung pao.
Mng1FUcW-xRSdsDkowQm2Q	casual	"If you like sushi, go somewhere else. I was extremely disappointed in the quality of both the service and the food. I decided to take my family here because the other reviews seemed good; however, either my experience was an anomaly or the other Phoenix yelpers and I have stark differences in taste. The staff had great smiles, yet lacked follow through. We had to ask for water and extra ginger twice. The sushi rolls were the flimsiest I have ever seen! Although poor in quality, they were high in price for what they serve. I'm not sure about the names of some of their rolls...one was named ""Climax."" Gross and just distasteful. The decor and ambiance leave you wanting. They have three different wallpapers hanging and the music is overwhelming. Even though this is the only sushi bar in Surprise, I will gladly drive to Peoria or Scottsdale the next time I have a craving for sushi."
4WcxnNv_lzCIG2eb8O5Mlg	fine	This should be called a speakeasy coffee shop. Why? Because you really have to be told about it to really know it's there! The shop has minimal signage on the exterior and it's housed within a urban multi-use warehouse on Roosevelt with different vendors and an art space. I can only imagine how cool this building must be to visit during First Fridays! Once inside, I was pretty surprised that the coffee shop is more spacious than I would have figured. It's pretty sparse inside, but there were plenty of seats to do some work or have a meeting.   The coffee here is strong and delicious. After drinking my non-fat iced latte, I had to refrain myself from bouncing off the walls! It's definitely coffee with a kick if you need a wake-up call.   This coffee shop definitely exudes the epitome of cool and I will definitely keep it on my list for a caffeinated visit in the future.
JOZqBKIOB8WEBAWm7v1JFA	fast	Basicly i would let anyone know i like it, never heard a wiper of a bad experience here.    Def a fan, i work very close by and if i really need they would deliver, yeah their that nice.   How can i put it Ladybug House of Sandwiches or Sandwich shop for short what a great place in phoenix to take care of the lunch fill with out going to Subway, (not saying i don't go there).   When I need a real sandwich I stop in here.    They are a lunch spot so they close early and will have specail summer time hours.    Why ladybug house of sandwiches well, great meats choice of differnt breads and its like what I love the ladybug theme.  and just what you think of ladybugs their nice not pests, pretty and would make a cool friend.   Small note, i put my business card in their bowl once and actually won!  I got half off for the whole office, thanks ladybug ladies your the best.    Once again Kevin, lets you know whats real, kind of like me  McDowell right accross from the Banner Hospital  right smack in the middle of the whole campus of medical buildings and offices.
KVq-1WEJNKK2NqFC7nUoRg	casual	"Oy ve iz mir! Not to be a kvetch....but I consider myself to be an expert on Jewish delis. As a New Yorker from a predominantly Jewish area and married to a Jew, I've had more than my fair share of experiences at them. My husband and I woke up this morning with a burning desire for a good bagel, corned beef on rye, and a knish. So I schlepped all the way up to the PV Mall to get it. Ok, first of all, the decor is terribly schlocky. Its kind of like the tourist trap Jewish deli you find in Times Square. Its like a Disney version of a NY deli. I take my number and head over to the cold case to get some drinks....of course they didn't have regular lemon Snapple (and why should they? Its not like every deli, pizza place, and convenience store in NY carries it....) but they did have Dr. Brown's Cel-Ray which is always a welcome sight. Another thing they had in the cold case which I found to be odd were jars of Nathan's pickles. Nathan's, like the hot dog place. I would imagine a Jewish deli would have Ba Tampte pickles....I didn't even know Nathan's made pickles! It was a little lame to be honest. Anyways, I go up to the counter where there doesn't seem to be anyone working. There was no organization to it. So I waited. And waited. In New York, the deli is a finely tuned machine designed to move people quickly. Chompie's? Eh, not so much. When I finally did place my order, the guy who took it had a hard time punching it into the computer and asked me to repeat it several times. Despite saying I wanted my bagel toasted several times I was given a cold, untoasted bagel. I waited a little longer for my order to come up and went on my merry way. Here is the breakdown of the food we ordered- Matzoh ball soup- Surprisingly good. I have never had matzoh ball soup with carrots and celery...so much chazerei! Just give me the matzoh ball! Although, I will admit, it was solid. I wouldn't go all the way to Chompie's for it because I know that I can make it better in my own kitchen. Plain bagel ""toasted"" with cream cheese- Terrible. The bottom of the bagel was entirely too thick and was very hard. They didn't even cut it all the way through, probably because the crust is too thick! Corned beef on rye- Meh. The corned beef wasn't very good, it wasn't corned enough. If they make their own they didn't use a piece of brisket that was fatty enough. The rye (which was not marble rye...) was lackluster. It couldn't handle the corned beef, became soggy, and eventually fell apart. The pickle it came with was the grossest thing I've ever seen. And it was definitely a kosher dill, even though I asked for a half sour. The potato salad was actually really good though. Knish- Terrible. The knishes in my elementary school cafeteria were better than this. First of all, the outer crust was way too flimsy. It should have been much, much, thicker, especially considering the gargantuan size of the knish. We essentially ate a large plate of mashed potatoes. The potato inside itself was unremarkable. Not only do I have this Jewish thing going on but I'm also Irish....I've never met a potato dish I didn't like. Until today. I didn't even finish my half of the knish. Now for the prices. What's with this meshugas? $2.29 for a bagel with cream cheese is a tad much. In NY they run you about $1.35. The corned beef sandwich was $12.50! Now, I've paid that much for sandwiches in NY before but you get 2 lbs of meat and several layers of sandwich! This was not a $12.50 sandwich. I was also going to get us some whitefish salad to sample but at $15.99/lbs it wasn't happening. Why anyone should schlep all this way, in this heat, schvitzing all over, for this dreck? I don't know!"
MUsqPXthMdHoPEow9M3MfA	casual	"I love this restaurant (even though it's a chain and I can hear my brother saying it's just a ""glorified Red Lobster"").   I ordered the Crab and Lobster Bisque soup and am drooling thinking about how much I wish I could eat it right now. For my entree I ordered the Atlantic Salmon (stuffed with crab, shrimp, and brie cheese) which was unbelievably amazing. I also had some scalloped potatoes which was basically in the shape of a brick covered with cheesy goodness. I wanted to eat the apple pie for dessert because it looked so delicious, but could barely breathe after eating all that food.   The service was outstanding, although the manager stopping by the table several times throughout dinner was annoying.   I can't wait to come back here."
VprXrZ01I5RxhJIyBl3YmQ	casual	I was sworn to secrecy when we first came here with friends several years ago. I think it's some of the best Italian in town. It isn't fancy (a plus, in my book). It's small, so sometimes there can be a wait involved. Even though its small, because of the very personal service by the owner, the service can be lacking or distracted. The food, however, is well worth it! I try to get something new each time I go, and I've never been disappointed.
SBCxhkeiaXdjXECeFn-mtw	fine	Hey Guys,  This place is awesome....but I could be jaded because of all the wonderful wines I sampled! From the gris, cabs, sparkling shiraz, riesling to the chardonnay, this shop had what we were looking for and what we weren't looking for! The atmosphere was amazing and quiet for a Thursday night get together. Our hostess was sweet and doted to our every need. The food was amazing. I completely recommend the crocodile pot stickers.  For exotic wines and exotic meats appetizers, look up Down Under Wines!
tI600wWPFDc4bxEvrbBpRQ	casual	"Man oh man... I can't decide whether I want to review this place or not under the auspices of ""if you don't have anything nice to say...""  All I have to say is this:   We ordered food. It came totally wrong. I asked for a vegan salad, not specifically, but that's how I ordered it, and it came with chicken and cheese. This just shows a complete inability to read the order. People make adjustments all the time. I have worked at a restaurant. I have fucked up. I should have been lashed 40 times! Read what people order!   So when I got the wrong salad and saw what an unbelievable disappointment it was going to be, I ordered a veggie sandwich instead, which, to their credit, they delivered and took off the bill.   The best customer service in the world could not overcome this sandwich. It was a monumental fucking embarrassment. I cannot believe they let that thing out the door. I ate it because I was starving but I would have liked to have driven it back there and go through it, ingredient by ingredient, with the preparer... Explain to me how this is appealing to the eyes, mouth, stomach, etc.  I just hated it. A lot.   Sorry, I'm sure you're nice people with good intentions."
bLPTtVgxxlDMUDp5AKPINA	fast	"I've always been a fan of the Dilly Bird, it's just a delicious sandwich... I can't speak for all locations but the one in Mesa off of Southern was a real disappointment the other night.  I waited almost 30 minutes for a cold turkey sandwich!  After working all day and sitting in traffic for an hour the last thing I want to do is sit in a fast food joint for that long, especially when all the ""kids"" behind the counter are messing around talking about their homework and girlfriends or boyfriends and not working.  I have been going to this location for a dilly bird for longer than I can remember, but unfortunately I will not be returning any time soon unless someone can guarantee I wont have to sit and listen to teenagers for a half hour while I wait for a cold sandwich."
3EEVGDngt4DEhoOQZIUNUw	fine	Great China   chinese restaurant and super buffet there is no the in the name.But there is some good food inside the place.the decor is average and are booth was comfy but well worn.The buffet had about 80 items ,about the super buffet requirement.They had a small sushi section and the sushi was very tasty.The wonton soup i had was very hot and good it had most of your typical trays with a couple of different twists on some like the stuffed clams were huge and and they had some good sole,that thet called snow fish?When i left this place i was stuffed and everything i ate was good.So yes Great China gets 4 stars.And for Norm R. they got the almond cookie packages
UKgSs_SJzW9fu4CwhIV1yA	casual	Perhaps a bit on the pricey side, but sometimes you pay for atmosphere. This very sexy and trendy joint is located at City North (next to Blue Martini). I ordered the #1 sirloin burger with carmelized onions, gorgonzola, crescenza (soft, buttery cheese), arugula & thousand island dressing. OMG! It was massive and juicy and made me lose all dining diplomacy as the juices dripped down my arm! My friend built his own w/ hickory bbq sauce, cheddar and bacon.   On the side we had onion rings, sweet potatoe fries mixed w/ reg fries. Errrr....lemme make sure my gym membership is still active!! LOL  Personally, and I know this will cause a small uproar, I think the burgers are FAR better than Delux! I never understood the Delux cult following anyway. There...I said it! :)  I even endulged in the Guinnes milkshake (Guinness beer/vanilla bean & chocolate ice cream)! You know the saying don't knock it til you try it??This would be one of those times. When's the last time you had a sugar high and a buzz at the same time off a desert....hmmm??   Bon Appetite!
wZwZcte4lcbu51NOzCjWbQ	fine	From the get-go we liked this place.  The fried dumplings were wonderful and crispy on one side and lovely and soft on the other and the dumpling sauce was amazing and just spicy enough.  My husband refused to let it go and finished it over the course of our meal!  On this, our first trip, we had Tangerine Beef and the Crispy duck.  The tangerine beef sauce was sweet and a bit tangy with a touch of spice and the beef was crispy and very tasty.  The duck was amazing.  The tastes were multilayered and well balanced and the crispy coating was salty and peppery and almost buttery under it all.  Together it created a very complex savory and sweet dish with a kick of spice at the tail end.  The flavors in the duck were very reminiscent of Cantonese food in Shanghai...this is the first time I can say this about a restaurant in the states that isn't located in a Chinatown.   The wait staff was friendly and very helpful, welcoming us back and giving information on some local Asian markets as we left.  I highly recommend this place!
5M7YgorCUTEZkKYNbKDHTA	fast	Where else can you get fresh lemon grass, fresh pork uterus, and avocado ice cream?  Asian markets are the bomb, but Lee Lee's is the BOMB DIGGETY since they have EVERYTHING.  Jamaican, Cuban, Vietnamese, Korean, Indian, Lebanese---you name it.  If you love to cook (and I do, I really do!) you can seriously spend hours here.    ONE CAVEAT:  The seafood is fresher and better at 99 Ranch on 44th St. in Phoenix.  Last week, they were giving a 10% discount off of your grocery bill and a free bottle of fish sauce or soy sauce.  If you spent over a certain amount, you got a big bag of rice.  Go!  Now!  And have lunch in the Vietnamese restaurant attached.
O-ylVyHn6e6kaoJO-jHj-w	fine	What an unbelievable night we had at Mastro's City Hall Steakhouse. Everything we ate was top notch, the atmosphere is fun, and the service is spectacular. How many steakhouses play Jim Croce, Beatles, and Beach Boys? It's a very welcome change.  It's dark, it's sexy, and it's probably the best steakhouse in Arizona.   The seafood tower featured totally fresh and delicious oysters, crab legs, claws, and huge shrimp. My Kansas City Strip was out of this world and probably the best piece of meat I've had all year. Gorgonzola mac & cheese and sauteed mushrooms were real winners as well. I'm not a dessert person, but the warm butter cake should be illegal it's so good. I was stuffed already when it came to the table, and then I ate all of it.   The only hiccup all night was our seafood tower was short a shrimp, and when I told the waiter don't worry about it he said ok, and then proceeded to bring us a fourth shrimp on it's own bed of ice. It was a really top notch recovery. This place is absolutely amazing.
wqIB7hUTQnCswJV4UyYyEQ	casual	Inspired by recent Talk, this rating simply must be updated.  Fatburger has a QUALITY-quality that places it in a wierd limbo between other fast food burgers and places like Fuddruckers.  If you are a fan of the king, either of the two clowns, or the red haired girl, then Fatburger is likely to feel too expensive and that it takes too long.  However, 'you get what you pay for' and 'good things are worth waiting for'.    Freshness, a multitude of assembly choices, and overall quality are big standouts at Fatburger.  The employees at this location have always been friendly and courteous.  Tuesdays: buy a combo, get another burger free!
Oc-F6O91vOe3T8iOsCBB8Q	fast	"I love Stax. They introduced me to the world of quinoa. Their quinoa black bean burger is sensational. I do the ""Build your own burger"" and get garlic aioli and the house ketchup. I am a big fan of their sweet potato fries, as well. The service has always been great and the prices are reasonable. This is a good alternative to Delux, if you are in downtown Scottsdale."
XMRj865sZBPWCI7tx0uBWw	fast	I am a fan. But I would like to be more of a fan, and so I am here harping on the two problems I have with CC. One is the parking mentioned by other reviewers and the other is the bad service at the food court. I don't mean the samples handed out on almost every aisle and the hassle of the lines as stereotypical fat people line up like hippos at a rotten carcass to 'just try a sample'. I mean the little restaurant inside the store where the hippos line up to drown their peptides in sugar and grease. The food at any CC is outstanding fast food at an unbelievably good price. The pizza is fresh and really tasty and only 9.99 for a whole pie, the soft-serve yogurt is a huge portion in a plastic cup for 1.49. The hotdogs are terrific. Everything else is good and cheap too. There are no problems with the food quality and price. It's the service. The service is indifferent and inconsistent. Somedays it's ok to order pizza to be picked up later for a party, and somedays it is not ok and the workers will claim that it is not a service and never has been. Liars. Fat liars. I actually typed lairs by accident which works too. I'm done with this review due to boredom. I just can't stand it when a great business carelessly regresses to the mean. Brave the parking and the neutral service because when you need a good hotdog/pizza/frozen yogurt, it's a great spot.
yOYFhiTjT-SM4spKtDk92w	fine	After a night of debauchery with friends, my friend and I found ourselves craving a comforting bowl of Pho. I've been a regular at Cyclo's for quite sometime but decided to branch out and try something new. I was pleasantly surprised with Pho Ao Sen! I am always happy when I enter an Asian restaurant and see Asians patrons...probably sounds a little weird but to me it speaks volumes. The tranquil aesthetics of this quaint cafe made us feel welcomed and relaxed. The decor had a modern Asian feel: minimalistic organic zen with soft ambient music playing - perfect for a Sunday afternoon.  We ordered the Pho Dac Biet Bo Vien- House PHO'nomenal (House special combination of *sliced eye round steak, well-done brisket, well-done flank, soft tendon, tripe, and beef meatball) and the Pho Tai (Sliced eye round steak) and Goi Cuon- Spring Rolls. As with most Vietnamese restaurants the portion size of Pho is quite large and we could have shared. Both were delicious, filling, and had a nice aroma but nothing too overpowering. I've experienced a few places that use a little too much anise, so much that you can't get an overall sense of all the delightful herbs and spices used in this delicious creation. The Spring Rolls had a very fresh crisp flavor and were the perfect accompaniment to the Pho.   I give Pho Ao Sen 5 stars! Best Pho I've had in the valley, beautiful atmosphere and friendly staff makes me one happy girl! :)
lgzBrfQAwm-dcDXu12CkgQ	casual	Tacos and enchilada today. Good flavor & fresh salsa. Fast service and very friendly staff today (even though they were understaffed). You will enjoy Rudys lf you have never been. Authentic AZ mexican food.
nzfTy-pnGeEgQdRW2CUriA	casual	"I am a huge ""foodie"", from a long line of ""foodies"". I grew up living in hotels and on room service and fine dining. This is the best, very best, breakfast restaurant EVER! I have been living in Tempe for about six years now, the first two sad sad years I did not know that this wonderful place existed...after my first visit, this is my go-to, best place to recommend, favorite breakfast place to eat at! If you go on a Sunday, it will be very very busy. Everyone is super friendly. The place is very clean. Prices are amazing! Cheaper or as cheap as the nasty breakfast places or fast food. Huge portions and great quality food. I have never had a bad experience here, and to be honest...even if I did, I wouldn't care. I feel like home here. Everything on the menu is delicious! I've tried almost everything. Here are a few of my favorites (don't forget though, I love it all) : O'Pear Grenache Omelette, Greek Fetash Omelette, English Harvest Omelette, Huevos Con Chorizo (with scrambled eggs), and the Blueberry Hill Girdle Cakes (pancakes! you can order half an order or little ones...we always get an order to share at the table). Their potatoes are delicious and crispy, the english muffins are great and their homemade jam is absolutely amazing! I have bought many jars of their jam to give as gifts! Just delicious! I wish everyone knew about this well kept secret. DON'T LISTEN TO ANY REVIEW UNDER A 5 STAR! This place is the best, bottom line. Try it. You will be hooked."
l3WML3zeuotwUHzhbwCj_w	casual	"OK, yeah, everyone LOVES teriyaki, we know! Well, don't so quickly dismiss the other absolutely AMAZING dishes served here! It may look like a little pre-processed Japanese hole in the wall from the outside, but they're a die hard home-made mom and pop your mouth full of great food establishment! I'd highly recommend trying the Katsu bowl! You can hardly find ANY kind of Japanese katsu in AZ, yet they have an excellent one that's very traditional, but not too expensive! I'd love to explain the mystique of this dish, but too many people think that fried egg with onions and leeks topped over a diced pork cutlet that's coated in panko bread crumbs is too strange to be palatable. Well, to them I say you should educate your tongue, and expose it to some delicious culture! There's also Orange chicken... This dish is completely the bee's knees. It easily and without remorse makes Panda Express look like a burnt out oil can that a homeless person decided to cook some chicken in over a pile of burning newspapers. Their house beef? Spicy garlic brown sauce and beef with mushrooms? Heaven. Simple and delicious. And I haven't even mentioned their coup de grace yet. Their fried rice might seem a little ""heavy"" on the surface as it's lightly fried with some garlic oil, but it outclasses all competitors. Paired with their lightly fried shrimp, it's sweet garlic love. Seriously, their fried rice is the Sean Connery of fried rices. As I've been eating here for far longer than I'd like to admit, I'd have to say I might be a little biased. But, for the great unique quality and cheap price, I guarantee you're not going to find any better in AZ!"
c0RSs2KYK5Y-ZlSrNq9LyA	casual	When people feel a cold coming, they pop a zinc lozenge or tablet to boost the immune system. I have a much better way to get my zinc supplementation: I head over to Pier 83 for their terrific fried oysters. With the first crunchy bite I begin to feel so much better. Placebo effect, probably. But hey ... as long as I get that feel-good boost, I don't care. The fish and chips are also the best I've had in the Valley. And to think that I've previously been trying to get my fish 'n chips fix from the likes of Pete's ... yikes! And their clam chowder is delicious; I don't need to feel under the weather to have an excuse for ordering this tasty bowl of comfort. The friendly staff and comfortable informal atmosphere complete the enticement for many return visits.
_IE5XDjxeM47NSzhg7sItg	casual	Every now and then my Vietnamese side craves for PHO...are you surprised!?  Noodle Ranch is my local Pho joint.  I can literally walk to this place :)  Okay, the Pho Tai is great here....I got the combination once and it wasn't as good.  I love the decor here lots and lots of old photos of Vietnam.  Service is always good here and I've been here when their busy and when it's slow.  If you need a Pho fix I would definitely recommend this place!
nMm5NomMHQgWHAtmvVCHlw	fine	"Had some time to kill before the Ultimate pleY Date Yelp event, and I'd wanted to share my love of Nobuo's Dark chocolate mousse with green tea ice cream and sugared orange peels with my happy-go-lucky cousin, who has never been here before, so we stopped by at 5:17p to find that Nobuo wouldn't open till 5:30p, so we waited outside in the comfortable patio. After watching a couple of employees add lanterns to their outdoor umbrellaed tables, I noticed the ""OPEN"" sign on the front door, so we entered the resto, whereupon we were greeted warmly by a male host and shown to a two-top. I didn't like the energy in that room, so I asked if we could sit elsewhere, and he said to choose wherever we wanted to sit. We were the first customers, so we chose a four-top, knowing we wouldn't be taking up space for very long, anyway. Glasses of water were delivered, and soon we met our female server (whose name on the receipt reflected ""Butai""). When she laid down the menus, I told her we would only be having dessert and could we see the dessert menu? I wished we had a video of the look she gave us, a look of pure distaste, as she gathered up the dinner and beverage menus and said ""We don't have dessert menus, as we only have two..."" and proceeded to tell us of the mousse and the almond-orange fritters. She walked away, and as we loudly discussed about our losing our interest in dining there, she came back with napkins and utensils and asked if we decided what we were going to have. I decided to forgo our server's very cold treatment and asked for the mousse. After all, I'd already finished a glass of ice-cold water and cousin's phone needed recharging... When Butai placed our chocolate mousse http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/0Buxoc0cRqjpvkezo3bqog?select=rK8m1rxl50PB69_c2YqQTg#rK8m1rxl50PB69_c2YqQTg on the table, I wanted to send it back. Where was the lovely bowl and presentation of the last dessert I had here? Was she serious in presenting us with this stale-looking mousse, with cracked edges and whose green tea ice cream had ice crystals on it? I don't know about you, but the only times I've seen crystals on ice cream is when it has slightly melted and placed back in the freezer to re-freeze. For me, seeing crystals on ice cream is a sign that it is old... I brought the receptacle and showed it to the male host, who assured me that all of the mousse is made daily at 4:00a and seeing cracks and bubbles in the mousse is normal, so I decided we would go ahead and try it, if for nothing else but to have something to report here. The dessert was definitely not up to par with the pretty bowl http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/0Buxoc0cRqjpvkezo3bqog?select=o9jIksB-MObhCxoI_msekQ#o9jIksB-MObhCxoI_msekQ I had during our October OYE in taste and presentation, but it was OK. The mousse was still cold and stiff, and it had a mouth-feel more of like thick chocolate ganache filling/icing on a cake- certainly not the silky-smooth chocolate decadence I knew it could be. My cousin had to warm up to the dish, as the sound of chocolate and green tea together didn't seem like a great combo to her (I told her to trust me). She also never enjoyed orange and chocolate together, but she liked it in this dessert. I understand that the knowledge of having to serve only dessert instead of dinner AND dessert, which translates to a higher table bill, can be a bit of a disappointment, but why must you show your displeasure to your guests? Butai, you were lucky that my cousin even left you the change for a tip- she didn't want to give you anything, and you certainly didn't deserve it! When I told other Yelp friends about the sub-par service and dessert we just had, one replied she didn't enjoy the last time we had apps here (I think it was around Halloween and First Friday?) either. Cousin and I thought it very poor taste that our server gave us that awful, condescending look after finding out we were just going to have dessert; We didn't deserve that! I am never going to recommend Nobuo to anyone, anymore. I even promised my Japanese friend (who lives and works overseas) I'd treat her to a dining experience here when she comes to visit. Guess I'll have to find another place to take her... I don't want to risk getting the same treatment from Butai, or from another server should we come back here. Sorry, Nobuo, but I won't be returning."
NH67MdKaFGNcP-dlu56pyw	fine	Jewish girls in Chinese dresses serving Japanese food. If that isn't a recipe for confusion, I don't know what is.  Too bad, really. Because when they first opened up, they had a real Japanese chef who had a respectable career and was trying to make actual Japanese cuisine. He naturally didn't last long in this 1980s pseudo-asian theme park environment. Remember when the owner used to intermittently drop the screens down and fire up the THX system and play movie trailers from last year? The chefs couldn't even see their hands. Now that's setting your priorities!  Happy hour and late night patio is this place's saving grace (for others, not for me). But it's so far from Japanese food/sushi as to make them guilty of false advertising. See my Stingray review for a similar take on the food experience. If you FAIL rice, you FAIL sushi.
sQnIwxSmu3toihB-BCYjqA	fast	This is a nice asian take-out style restaurant (you can order and sit down too). The portions are pretty big, and they have a good selection. WAAAAAAY better than Pei Wei which is in the same shopping center.   The only downside is their breading is a little heavy, but other than that I have enjoyed everything I have tried there.
nRO4tRwimU12hg7Cnz__iA	casual	Should be called The Bad Egg. Bottom line, the hotel's free breakfast tasted better than this and we got better service there.   We arrived around 945am on a Sunday morning and had to wait around seven minutes to be seated. The staff was pleasant enough. We were seated, given menus with water and she took our order for coffee and the breakfast special (loaded potato skillet). We sat for 15 minutes before we saw our waitress again. She finally figured out she forgot to bring our coffee. We finally got some coffee which was mediocre in flavor. Our food arrived about ten minutes after that. The skillet was supposed to contain sausage, bacon, onion, scrambled eggs, grilled american potatoes covered with cheese and sour cream. Mine had no bacon, two tiny chunks of sausage, no cheese, and the potatoes were so soggy, they tasted like someone had thawed them and thrown them in as an afterthought. It was so unpalatable i could not eat more than one bite, even after loading it up with salt and hot sauce. The waitress never checked on us once during the meal. She came back by the time my husband was finished. I told her the meal was horrible (in a nice way). She offered me something else. By that point, I was not feeling like eating anything else, I felt kinda sick. My meal was comped and we did get an apology. The manager explained that everyone LOVES that special and the potatoes are seasoned and grilled. The cook obviously didn't try my potatoes. Blech. Even with the comp, the total was over $15 for one special and two coffees. Very hight priced for nasty food, poor service, and loud/uninspiring atmosphere.
Pju_pKfvEnUYV9wMVNsacg	casual	For my hubby and I on a Saturday night Grimaldi's turned out to be pretty lame. The restaurant is decorated well and the hostess was friendly enough but the actual pizza was SOOOOO BORING. I seriously took a bite and wondered if I had missed the slice altogether. I will say I tasted a lot of garlic but that doesn't count for much when the pepporoni is bland and the sauce is useless. Now I'm a deep-dish girl at heart but I've had AMAZING thin slice at Classic Italian Pizza in Tempe. This place made me feel like I wasted my money and I woudn't ever want to bring anyone here including myself again!
oMw1SaH_zEbOOufTsGuk6w	casual	We (my husband, 2 friends and I) visited Tavola last night because of a Yelp review. We weren't as enthusiastic. The service was great! We ordered 2 pizza's and 2 salads. The salads were fresh, that was a nice surprise, not bagged. The pizza was good. Crust was a thicker than we like. Not a bad experience at all just not quite what we expected after the 5 stars.
K845ZDttFfx99zQ-0aE2tA	fast	I have to give them a 5 for their Guacamole and chips. I am just in love with it.  Everytime I go to the US, I have to go there. Cheap, super tasty and I love the salad bowl option they have (as I cannot eat wheat flour). The meat is always tasty and fresh and again .....their guacamole ....the best !!!!  Always clean and fresh with friendly staff.  Healthy fast food .....  Just wish that we had it in Canada !!
bA-Cj6N9TEMlDlOh2aAnUw	casual	Food--The fire roasted garlic tomato soup is excellent.  They sprinkle tortilla chips for garnish over a tiny dollop of sour cream.  Mmmmm.  Yummy.  The mixed green salad with albacore tuna is also a delightful choice, as is the turkey wrap and CA Chicken sandwich with pesto mayo.  Drip coffee and espresso drinks are good, too.  Overall, everything tastes great because it's made fresh.  No pre-packaged items here.  Seating--Lots of booths and tables inside and out.  They have a cozy little set up with what looks to be 'lounge' chairs that accommodates 6 with swivel tables perfect, for savoring your beverage of choice.  The rest of the dining area looks like it has capacity for about 100 people, if all seats were filled despite a placard declaring the maximum capacity is '311'.  Peak times--avoid lunchtime during the weekdays.  It would appear that all of Surprise is feenin for a sandwich or soup/salad special from PB during 11-1PM.  The lines are long and you can forget about getting back to work in under an hour if you factor in commute time, food prep & consumption.  IT'S IMPOSSIBLE.  The only time service has been 'fast' is during breakfast.  I've been there for a breakfast networking event and on a Saturday.  During these times, I received my order promptly and had little trouble locating a table.  Free stuff--this would include WiFi, bread samples with tasty spreads, muffin and/or cookie bits.  Bonus points for free stuff!  PB is open Mon-Sat 7AM-9PM and Sun 7AM-6PM.
wct7rZKyZqZftzmAU-vhWQ	fine	Went to the Rooste for a Christmas Eve dinner among a small group (9) friends. I had never been. Had heard the name many times over the years when I had previously lived in Tempe.   Been intimidated that by where it set that it was expensive and swanky. That's all a lie! It sets up high and has a wonderful view. It's not located where you are just strolling down the street and decided to pop in that is true. You wind through these grounds to the back of the property pass beautiful fountains and buildings until you come to the lite up restaurant. You can self park but why bother go for the valet.   You pass a smelly ranch steer at the entry that is probably wondering why the hell its there as much as I was. Inside the door the smell escapes you immediately, thank goodness. You see some young sap making cotton candy and wonder what the heck have I arrived at. A few more steps and you see you are in a western theme establishment, by the overwhelming amount of raw wood beams and flooring.  First stop the bar. It's a limited full bar and for this it losses a star.  From the bar the view outside is great and you can look down and see the country music band playing (it was a band but I wouldn't book 'em) but hey they gave the place a little extra pulse. You see the staff in casual western gear also and you instantly know you're welcome in your jeans.   Moments later our table was ready and half of us choose to take the slide down to the dining floor and the others took the steps. Hey I went for the slide! It was short and fast and another reason to come casually dressed.   Our waitperson was a delightful and articulate young woman. We skipped the appetizers to leave room for dessert (next time I'll reverse that decision). The menu was very good. Several steak cuts, enchiladas, fried chicken, BBQ beef & pork ribs, Seafood, a burger, pork chops, most plates $15 - $20.   While waiting for the salad course a magician name Flash comes up and asks if we'd like some magic that night (he works for tips). He went about his tricks and blew our minds! THIS GUY I WOULD HIGHER for an event. Never figured out how he did what he did but would love to see him doing it again and again. So if he comes by your table take him up on his offer of magic.   The food arrives, the salad is good and fresh the main courses come and all are cooked to perfection. My medium rare T-Bone was actually medium rare for once! My steak was tender and taste fabulous. The food didn't hold it's heat well and they serve sweet potatoes or rice with the dishes rather than standard baked/mashed or fried Idaho's (extra charge for a standard potato - why? - Minus another 1/2 star). But over all it was a good meal. We barely had room for the dessert so we split a 9 layer chocolate fudge cake and another dessert among us. And we still had four or so layers of cake left to go home! It was so rich and such a huge slice no 3 people could have eaten the entire thing following a meal if they tried... 4 of us dug into this slice.   All in all it its a great steakhouse. Prices lower than Lonestar and Steak portions (ounces) bigger for your money, plus a better all over food and appetizer menu by far. Oh yeah I'm a fan and will be returning again and again when I want a steakhouse to fill my steak cravings and a bit of entertaining to accompany the meal.   I highly recommend Rustlers Rooste.
yYbd9P1KmlPSKmQxo68n_g	casual	Just down Scottsdale Rd from the plastic, the cougars, the roid rage, and the Delta Bravos is a little place that doesn't give a shit, in the best possible way.   In many ways, this is the dive bar Scottsdale doesn't deserve but needs oh so badly (and let's face it, being south of McDowell probably means you are not in Scottsdale by many people's account, which is just fine).   To be clear, let's discuss some things a dive bar is...First, they serve drinks and beer. No basil martinis, No Sonoma pinot noir, and No craft double IPAs. Second, you do not come here to be seen or for a scene...see the first point for what you come here for. Third, the motif...none...unless you count a few characters at the bar.   Now those are the basics, but Rogue Bar adds in great local and national acts, a diverse, non-Old Town crowd, and a friendly staff.   For instance, I recently saw The Mulhollands, from LA, and I assure you, this band will soon be playing venues where you won't be getting up on stage with the band...not that anyone I know did such things.   That is a great thing about RB, the lack of pretense carries throughout all aspects...even the DJ let me play with his DJ toys.   Yes, yes, you don't want to model your toilet after theirs, the pool table is old, and you may see a fight. But, these are added flavor for a true dive bar.   At the end of night you can say you had the chance to -- crash in some comfy booths, play some pool, order pizza for the bar, meet some real people, have a cheap drink, and if you are lucky, hang out with the band at an after party.   If you like a dive bar, go. If you don't, stay up the road, nobody will miss you at Rogue.
b1d8nKDgizi3K8Jw6llksw	fast	"Eh... the food was good but not something I'd crave?  I had a chicken/swiss panini that evidently came with corn on it?  EDIT: (actually it was the Adobe Panini: ""Mesquite turkey, fresh mozzarella, green peppers, corn relish and chipotle mayo"".  I got called out that there wasn't anything on the menu I said I ate, got it a little wrong but the review remains the same regardless. Here you go Bob M.)  Slightly surprised on it but, can't complain... it was good but nothing great.  They have subs and soups too - I'd go there again if friends were already going but def not somewhere I'd really mention when trying to think of somewhere to eat."
d7AGrZaeU6eHsdS_V1RcAw	fast	"I recall my first visit to Carolina's...  The time? About 1 PM.  As my GPS says ""You have arrived at your destination,"" I frantically look. I see nothing that looks like a hole in the wall restaurant!  Well, I review the exact address, and note that the address (1202 Mohave Street) matches the ""ghetto"" building with all the nice cars parked afront.  ""Well, that must be it!""  I park. Then I walk up to the door. The entrance reminded me of a homeless shelter or food bank.  As I entered, the restaurant was filled with people.  Since then, I have repeated visits to Carolina's with a few favorites...  - Chips and Salsa - Shredded Beef Taco (Crispy) - Cheese Quesadillas - Cheese Enchiladas  The food is low-priced. For example, tacos are about $2 each. Burritos are about $4 each.  Additional Notes:  - Closes relatively early in the evening. - Serves breakfast."
4eFIVmbeCvJGCrhzmd-VYA	casual	I've lived near Old Town Scottsdale for years and in all that time I've never really taken to the streets by foot, aside from a weekly visit to the Farmers Market. At first glance you ask yourself how many Indian jewelry shops can the area possibly sustain? Well the answer is, the turquoise market in Old Town seems to be doing quite well. So it was on a recent exploration trip that we happened upon David's Hamburger's and Mexican Food. So for me the idea of killer burger and tasty Mexican good is a match made in heaven, were talking major food groups here.   Tucked between 2 galleries, David's is a blink and you'll miss it kind of place, very unassuming and humble. Inside you won't be wowed by the interior design but what they do have is functional and comfortable. With TV's at both ends of the hall like space, you'll be entertained by performance videos of 50's era rock 'n roll.   I usually don't write much about soda pop, well never, but in this case the Cherry Coke ($1.95) was kind of special. When you order a Coke you can ask them to add a number of different flavorings from lemon and vanilla to chocolate and of course cherry. David's version is wonderfully fizzy and cuts through the richness of the upcoming meal.   Of all the ways Mexican style meat is prepared, the grilled taste of beef is my all time favorite. If you enjoy this as much as I do then Id suggest the Carne Asada Nachos ($8.59). A massive pile of crunchy tortilla chips is covered in grilled beef strips, melted cheese, guacamole, sour cream and pico de gallo. While basic, I ate most of them myself leaving my partner to scraping the cheese off of the plate. If you'd like salsa on your chips, be sure to ask them to bring you bowls of green and red salsa.   Now who doesn't like a big juicy hamburger? David's doesn't disappoint with David's Single ($5.99), say that 2 times fast. A 1/3lb patty topped with the usual suspects, then dressed with David's creamy sauce which to me was a thick version of Thousand Isle dressing, adding a layer of tangy goodness. Along side you have your choice of fries or you can choose to upgrade ($.99) to a mix of large deep fried onion rings and golden French fries. For dipping I a side of David's sauce did the trick in lieu of ketchup.   The Patty Melt ($7.25) is classic diner food. We're talking thick ground beef patty, melted cheese and grilled onions on your choice of grilled sourdough or rye bread. The wholesome grease from the beef patty and grilled onions is absorbed into the bread creating a creamy like texture, for me this is what a patty melt is all about. Of course the Guacamole Burger ($6.25) with its pepper jack cheese, bacon and guacamole is the marriage of Mexican and American influence.   If you're an early riser, David's also serves breakfast like Bacon Pancakes ($6.75) and Coconut Waffles ($6.25). Someone please pass the syrup. My only question, where is the breakfast burrito?
e8FMAuTswDueAlLsNyLhcA	casual	Simple but really great cajun food prepared in steamers right in front of you.  Selections include gumbo, pan roasts (a tomato-based broth with chunks of seafood), or seafood creole all with your choice of shrimp, crab, chicken, crawfish, oysters, or all five, with rice. They also have fresh oysters, jumbo shrimp cocktails, salads, and tasty seafood chowder, as well as the occasional lobster special. I've been probably 20 times and still never had a bad dish. The staff is friendly and helpful, and will adjust the spiciness of the dishes to your taste. By far the best option at the Talking Stick resort.  As another reviewer noted, this restaurant is really just a bar with a couple of tables, stuck right off the casino floor. This is definitely not a fine dining spot, with the clanging of slot machines and dead-eyed gamblers shuffling around fifteen feet away. Still, it's definitely worth a visit to Talking Stick. At $10-12 for lunch portions and $17-19 for huge dinner servings, and $25 for a massive platter of oysters, shrimp, crab, mussels, and clams, it's a fantastic value for the quality and tastiness of the food.  Good, reasonably priced seafood can be hard to come by in the valley, but this spot is a gem.
3oZcTGb_oDHGwZFiP-7kxQ	casual	There's two ways to look at this place. One is getting quality food at a good price. The other is getting a lot of food for a cheap price. I prefer the former but those who prefer the latter won't agree with my review.  I thought the scramble I had was okay but nothing fantastic. I definitely didn't care for the biscuits. The food wasn't health conscious at all but if you're looking to fill up with calories and get a good-sized portion then this is your type of place. Also, I am not a fan of the diner-type ambiance... I would rather have something with more character but I'm glad I tried this place out.
38ei9EOHa9WP6iIHOUlHSQ	casual	I have a long history with this place, which is where I worked my first job at 16.    It's run by two Sicilian immigrants and there 2 sons.  Originally the owners had a joint in NY, but moved to the valley and opened this place.  They run a military style kitchen where cleanliness is enforced to a maximum.  Almost everything is personally overseen by one of the two owners.  They offer a regular Italian menu...  the regular pasta choices, nothing too fancy and no Alfredo entree. They have some meat entrees with veal and chicken.  The pizza is NY style and really good and rich. They offer a Garlic and Olive Oil pizza that is so good.  I get it with pepperonchinis on it.    The crust on the Sicilian pizza is the best I've had.   Sometimes I just crave a small cheese pizza from this joint.  The Eggplant Parmesan is in the house here, but everything holds it's own.  It's priced ridiculously well, so much so, that the senior citizens roll out from Sun City all the time.  They have a few beers on tap, all domestic, and some decent wine, but nothing fancy at all.  The bottom line is that the food is good and cheap and the place is real.
xczdDnDIUoVZ2ILT9nEvPA	fine	"Treachery! Seek it out:  Let me begin this review by saying that mine is not an indictment on this particular location but on every single P.F. Chang's I've had the misfortune of being dragged to.  P.F. Chang's is effectively the Cheesecake Factory of bad Chinese food, with the disadvantage of not being as capable of delivering passable food. They bill themselves as a ""gourmet"" Asian experience, which is a bit of a laugh when they turn around and sell you their equally horrible frozen entrées right from the convenience of your local Wal-Mart. Everything is bland, overcooked, and ridiculously priced.   Once you've paid nearly $14 for their ""orange peel chicken"", you may privately hope to yourself that they might have the audacity to include some fried rice. This is your second mistake. Sadly, the bistro calls you on your bullshit. You get white or brown--fried rice is several dollars extra and not at all worth it.  Everything seems to be cooked just wrong--things that shouldn't be are too crispy, things that should be sauced are too dry, things that should taste good make you question the will of the gods, all the while you find there's no way to escape the treachery.  Things get more and more frustrating as you dig deeper: P.F. Changs, while sounding vaguely Asian, is a wholly American creation. It was founded by Paul Fleming (in Scottsdale, actually) with SOMEone with some Asian influence to spice it up a bit, named Philip Chiang. (They literally cut out the poor bastard's ""i"" so that it would ""fit on the signs better,"" or, as I like to believe, not scare away the flyover-states-white-folk so.) It's highly Americanized (and yes, I've had Chinese food in China, but I've also enjoyed great ""American Chinese"" food here) to the point of regrettable blandness and it is SO VERY EXPENSIVE you may find your credit score taking a ding after eating a plate of ""wok charred beef"", listed as one of the saltiest foods in America.  The decoration is clumsy and their famous inclusion of terra cotta warriors are literally symbols of death. From Jennifer 8 Lee's Fortune Cookie Chronicles:  'But not everyone finds the terra-cotta warriors charming. ""Chinese people would never put that in a restuarant,"" Jim told me, pointing at the statues. ""It's not lucky. It's something you put at a burial site! But in America, they think it's a Chinese thing."" From a Chinese perspective, P.F. Changs is decorated with death.'  Which is just fine, because everything there tastes like death anyway."
4JOv7EnnfZ8fD3JunQQpyg	fast	"I come here probably at least once a week. The prices are right, there's a good variety of ""ethnic"" food, the cashiers are quick and friendly, and they're just helpful. I locked myself out of my car when having a space-cadet moment and they let me use their phone to call AAA to bail me out.   Fresh flowers + great selection of wine and cheese + all the essentials   They deal is that they cut out the middle man to get great prices for quality products and they don't have sales because they always sell their products at the best price possible. =) GO TJ'S!"
iRg16D8dWjmv70NF68kgRA	fast	the grilled chicken sandwich hold the mayo add ketchup and mustard and the fries - off the chain! minus one star because it should stay open later.
_FgyuDnyDCXmWBy03Tq8TQ	casual	"Big fan of Hula's been a bunch of times, but finally was compelled to write a review.  Just came back from a week in Maui, so I was still in ""Hawaii-Mode"" (which is soooo hard to get out of lol), so I insisted we go to Hula's to get my Hawaii fix.  Mainly....that just means I was dying for a good Mai Tai.  If you go here, you MUST order a Mai Tai.  While most of their drinks are pretty good and tropical tasting, the Mai Tai is the best in town (now that Trader Vic's is donzo).  I'm a Mai tai snob, and cringe when most mai tai's here on the mainland are made way way way too sweet and fruity.  The Mai Tai at Hula's could rival some of the best in Hawaii in my opinion.  Mostly rum (white and dark) and just the right amount of sweet mixed with the right amount of tart/sour.  They go down great and they hit you with quite the kick before ya know it, so be careful ;-)!  As far as the food...its good, but its not Roy's so don't except anything amazing.  I usually get fish here, just to go with the whole Hawaiian thing.  Most of the times I've had Mahi, it can be dry sometimes, but always tastes good.  Ive had both the wasabi crusted and the macadamia nut crusted, both are decent.  The Luau Pork plate is darn good, but my recommendation is get the Luau Pork sandwich instead.  It goes so much better on bread, than just by itself.  All the appetizers are great to munch on while you're enjoying your Mai Tai...all thats missing is Hawaiian music, and the sun setting over the ocean :)"
qFLjQyq7HVAY7LN5Srwy_w	casual	"To sum it up, this place was just not the place for me. Maybe I am just a fuddy duddy, but it seems that the clientele are cougar-like women, aged 30-50, with bleached hair and sequin tops. I expected a quiet wine bar, but instead it is more like a loud night club.  The hubby and I visited The Living Room on a Saturday night, so maybe the whole ""we-wish-we-were-a-club"" thing was just a once a week occurrence, and maybe, just maybe, I am totally un-cool, but we don't plan to return.  Food: Wine specials were fairly decent and priced well. Food was average (3 stars). We had a variety of bruschetta, a tuna salad and a strawberry salad - way too much dressing on both salads.   Service: It took a long time to get a table (~30 mins), but it was Saturday night and crowded, so expected. Once seated, our waitress seemed more concerned with anything other than serving us. She was not very attentive at all. She asked for my order and walked away. My husband was like ""uh, I kind of want to order too""  Atmosphere: The overall look and feel of the place is pretty neat. It is a smaller restaurant with lots of patio/outdoor seating. Decor is large heavy curtains and many couches, thus the name The Living Room. However, as I mentioned earlier, the music was ridiculously loud. They had a DJ playing music so loud, having a conversation was impossible (and we ended up sitting pretty far from the speakers!). We left a soon as we finished our dinners (didn't stay for more wine or dessert) because the music was just too annoying."
vSWEXsXmJw5ozuF4zqE9ng	fast	"I have been to the Freddy's location in Gilbert several times and really enjoyed it so when I saw a Freddy's had opened in my ""hood"" I was excited.  My daughter and I went over for some dessert and they did not dissappoint!  The custard was smooth and creamy with lots of toppings to choose from.  I have not tried the burgers at this location yet but if they are anything like the other location they will be very tasty.  And don't forget to try the shoestring fries.  I usually like thicker fries but these are nice and crispy and delicious!  I'm so glad Freddy's took over this location."
tpJjVxyor9OOQfYgvAtdRA	casual	"Lets just set the record straight here. Zoe's serves Mediterranean just like Qdoba serves Mexican.  When I say just like the Q, I mean the entire experience. Walking into the shop gives more of a cookie cutter national chain feel; which is probably because they are in fact a chain of restaurants. Zoe's food was average and unimpressive. I did like the hummus though. Their prices similar to independent and family operated Mediterranean around the valley; in some cases more. I would prefer to visit Cypress Grill, just up the street from this location, they're my favorite Medi in CenPho so far.   The staff here was friendly, they took our order promptly and served the food within a few minutes. Don't get me wrong, the food was in no way ""bad"", per se. I just can't shake the feeling of ""I've had better"" when thinking about my experience.  If you're looking to fill your belly with food just because it's time to eat, this might just be the place for you. If you're interested in a great Mediterranean meal, I implore you to please try something new. I likely won't be returning, we do live in the city of a million restaurants, go out and choose one! (but don't take me at my word on that just made up fact).  Happy Yelping Phoenix, now where's my hummus?"
MhkZLdUFaHt5SDcQcqOWQg	fast	i was really unimpressed with the pizza here. it's conveninetly located, but never very busy, even at it's prime location by a bar even on a friday night. cheap slices, and easy to get in and out of, but of all the many, many people i know who frequent this area, none of them really ever eat there.
q1nDSpmV-FdTBNj6UuZvTg	fine	Fancy ladies with a few gays sprinkled in. This is NM Cafe!  Popovers. Prawn and avocado salad. Glass of Sauvignon Blanc.  Make your reservation under Candy Spelling's name. You will get the BEST table.   Works every time.
SYqTY48DJa1cYhglvmgvsQ	fast	I am a fan of big and tasty sandwiches but have had very few really good ones as of late. That is until I tried this place. I was in the area and decided to give the them a try after spotting their sign. When I first walked in I noticed the place was empty (normally a bad sign) but it was a Thursday afternoon so no big. This was my first time eating here so I took a few minutes to see what they had to offer. The sandwiches here come in different sizes from a small 5 inch to a 2 foot extra long, which makes it easy to decide what to order depending how hungry you are.  The 8 inch sub is easily enough for one really hungry person or two not so hungry people. Seriously it is about the size of a subway foot long and taste way better to! You have three choices when it comes to bread. They are white, wheat, and sourdough. I chose sourdough for my sandwich and it was chewy and seemed to be really fresh. Like most sub shops they also have a selection of pre selected combos (18 to be exact) with toppings like Ham, Turkey, Pastrami, Salami, Capicolla, Roast Beef, and Tuna. The cheese selection includes Provolone, Swiss, Smokey Cheddar & American  What makes this place so different from most sandwich joints is the fact that they hand slice your meat when you order it. No more slimy meat that has been sitting in a case for hours and floating in weird juices Yuck! Finally a place that understands that it is OK to take the time to slice meat for each customer because it makes for a better tasting sandwich. One that a customer will want to come back for over and over again  For me this place set the bar so high most of the other chain places will never be able to compare with the quality of not only the food but the great customer service that I received from this place. It is not often that a place is able to make such a great impression on me (read my other reviews) but I will definitely make sure to give them my business the next time I am in the mood for a sandwich. The only thing that brought their score down was the fact that they had no customer parking and I had to pay to park in the garage. Yes I understand it is Tempe but why not at least offer to validate my parking LOL.
KHgRmDcFxi8neGVUWlZ2mA	casual	We were craving Mexican food and since we were in the area I decided to check on my trusty yelp app on my phone to find a perfect food joint to check out. Sure enough, it came through for us and told us about this little gem tucked away in an area I had been several times but had never noticed it before. I am so very glad I tried it as it will now be my go-to place for Mexican food. The food is delicious and fresh and reasonably priced. The guacamole is a must try and the carne asada is so good. If you're in the mood for Mexican and in the area, I would definitely recommend this place.
ZzkAAfn6Y4HGd2eUi34EHQ	casual	Pho-yuck this place!   I was tricked in to going here with promises of great Vietnamese. I was ready for a culinary adventure and what I got was a ride in the fright house.   The Bánh xèo was so greasy I couldn't eat it, it was literally served on a plate of grease.   The bun was about the same. It lacked flavor, the rice noodles were slimy, the spring roll was loaded with grease.   I ordered some sort of plum soda drink and it had a cup of salt on the bottom of the glass.  The service was horrible and I will not be back.
shCdCHRbnY5FTMJbWl-myQ	casual	Waffle Houses are bomb but this one is my favorite. Not only is it 24 hours but it is super clean and well lit. There are totally some seedy people who go here but their conversations just make for very interesting background noise. As far as the food, the prices are cheap, the menu is semi-a-la-carte and the the waffles are amazingly crisp and perfect. This is THE Waffle House to visit. Go now, do it. How good does a waffle sound right now anyways? That's right, Pretty Damn Good.
vZBYSQtTbY9MaYu5qNuU8Q	casual	Food middle of the road... The staff is rude.. Seems like it starts with the owner. I think she makes the staff pay for everything that goes wrong so in turn they dont want to fix issues with poor, wrong food etc.  I think she tends to forget the customers are actually what keeps a business open. For a long time it was the only choice in the area. Now there are multiple choices.  If your in the area Chili's or Connolys is much better choice in my oppinion.
WbGyfSypHxJZPC18Kj5OmA	casual	"After my sixth or so visit here at Big Earl's I have to give them a four plus rating. My first time here was opening night and it was ok...the second time was improved...third time good...etc. Now when I come in the smoke is starting to impermiate in the walls leaving a wonderful smokey resonance in the dining room, and the food has become exponentially better!!!  I am like most people in the serious dining population, a lover of all things pork. And while they do some real good pig here, I am thrice impressed with the beef offerings! I like to judge a restaurant on the dishes I would absolutely return for, and the brisket is for sure that item here. Actually, the beef ribs are also one of those ""return for"" items as well. They, much like the brisket, are perfectly smokey, wonderfully seasoned, and impossibly tender. I highly suggest either one.  As for the sides, I can honestly recommend the collards, potato salad, and the Mac and cheese...although it's not a creamy Mac, but it is gooey enough to pass my palate's stamp of approval.   A huge selling point for me when I dine out are the drink specials, or selection. They are GREAT here!!! Being a total whisky slut, I am in heaven here, with dozens of delicious options, and the handful of beers on tap here make me happy for the change in libation after a few too many. Try the front porch cocktail, one of my top five here in town.  Big Earl's has proven that with time, all things become better. Like I said before, each separate visit has been more fulfilling than the last. I can only imagine how the experience will be, come summer and autumn, my guess is pretty damn amazing!"
UIfORCz28cEGMr_9p0eJ5g	fine	Read al lthe hype, so decided to give Cyclo a try. What a disappointment! Portions were small and overpriced, owner thinks she's the next best thing to sliced bread. She needs to go back to Vietnam to remember how real Vietnamese food is prepared. Give this place a miss.
WM8sy8FjrU3PpxN_NI02ZA	fast	"Well.. i love the space. It feels like a fresher, newer LUX. EVerythings ""newer""..that's the only real difference (oh..and it;s 3 blocks over). Same varied array of mid-century modern tables and chairs. Original artwork spread thru-out. I've heard it the same original owners of LUX so it makes sense. Even the espresso tastes like LUX.. which i don;t care for really.. tastes burnt. I love my espresso... but not here nor there. i love the space, its convenient, evreyone was friendly but (BIG BUT).. they close at 7pm Here's why i find it a problem... .Near a big High Rise, off the light rail (central and c-back).. so I would assume the majority of the crowd would prefer showing up, having a copa de cafe', enjoy some wi-fi surfing, mingle with friends.. but... how can I if i get off work at 5... i;m home by 5:30... freshen up at home.. it';s now 6.... i walk to Lola... its now 6:15... I order my coffee... it;s ready.. i sit down.. it;s 6:30, I now have 30 minutes to enjoy my espresso read the paper or check my email. but hey,,, that;s just me. why do I give it 4 stars u may ask... again.. i love the space, the people, the art.. the furniture.. and most importantly I love small local business. PLEASE STAY OPEN LATER! (and reconsider your espresso bean)"
w-ghJKIBJwKy0E--GPgB9A	casual	"Pupusas?? As a hardcore Mexican food enthusiast I was intrigued by the concept but barely able to figure out how this fascinating dish was pronounced.  I am proud to say that I am a HUGE fan of pupusas now.    Salvadoreno popped up in a search of mine to find a low-key, nice Sunday night place to relax and enjoy some food.  It definitely was worth the visit to an interesting part of Mesa.  The restaurant is very similar to a lot of Mexican food restaurants anyone who has lived in Phoenix will be familiar with.  One room with several tables and a counter with interestingly-named dishes posted behind it.  The waitress was very friendly, but I will say that knowing a little Spanish helped.  My girlfriend and I both ordered the Pupusa combo platter, real risky based on other reviews - I know.  I went with Pollo and the revuelta mixed with pork, cheese and beans.  She had the chicken as well with carne asada.  This little dish is fantastic!  I think next time I'll just stick with getting two pupusas because I was extremely full and did NOT need to add rice and beans to the mix (although those were good too.)  The only disappointment was the fact that Independence Day was on the TV in Spanish, but the volume was too far down to hear.  I'd love to hear the voice-over actor for Will Smith busting out a ""Bienvenidos a Tierra, P***!""  On a more serious note, I look forward to heading back here as soon as possible.  I'd love to try the Ceviche, as it's on the Best of Phoenix list, and there are a few other dishes (think breakfast) that looked intriguing."
NZ4V7rl7nevZPOdySgg-iw	casual	"There's different kinds of Mexican places around. Type A: Pseudo-Mexican fast food (Taco Bell, El Pollo Loco, Del Taco, etc.) Type B: REAL Mexican fast food (whateveri-berto's, Baja Fresh, Rubio's etc.) Type C: Various traditional taquerias (Los Favoritos, Rivas' Mexican Food, etc.) Type D: ""Mexican Denny's"" or chain-type sit down Mexican Restaurants--traditional-style or not (Chevy's, El Torito, Macayo's, etc.) Type E: REAL formal or semi-formal Mexican restaurants (I don't know any in the Valley yet, but in the Bay Area there is the now closed La Michoacana in San Mateo, CA, etc.) Valle Luna is a Type D, and a pretty good one as well. Delicious traditional-style Mexican food. The interior looks like what you usually see in a Chevy's or Macayo's. It's visually pleasing, and service is friendly and helpful. They have all the beers, margaritas, and tequila that you usually find at places like this (you know what I mean). It's the kind of Mexican place you take someone for their birthday--exactly. Do you check in to places on Yelp using your iPhone? Come to Valle Luna! Show them the check-in on your phone and you get $5 off of a meal costing $20 or more. Perfect for lunch with your co-worker. Valle Luna means good Mexifood. If you're in the mood for a Type D, bypass the ""Fresh Mex"" and come here."
yJr24Yy1K6bt2G9fX3_zPA	casual	Tasty fair trade organic coffee and breakfast and lunch. Even have almond milk!  Excellent choices. Super nice people. Comfortable space. Let's help support these independent shops who exude caring, quality and individuality to thrive in our community!
vtbGnxCCj2I9M9QoHXpoEw	fast	I've never actually eaten in the restaurant - Swaddee is one of those places I used to pick up and take home when I lived in Chandler. So, first their take-out process: they've never botched an order, food has been ready within the time frame given each and every time, and I'm almost always in and out in a flash. The food: I've sampled various veggie and seafood options, and they've all been equally delicious. Since I've never been inside for more than a few minutes, I can't really vouch for the atmosphere or the service, but I stand by the food. A little pricier, perhaps, than the Thai Basil down the street, but totally worth it.
6Ckmrpp6OW1pJ-3Pjg7VaQ	casual	This place is as good as I'd heard.  We came here for a day-late birthday dinner for my middle daughter/Father's Day dinner for her husband.  She and his six-year old daughter ordered a Hawaiian style with pineapple and ham, he and I  got the Margherita Pizza with garlic, tomatoes, olive oil, fresh basil, mozzarella, and romano cheese.  Both were so delicious!  He also got some chicken wings which were tender and juicy and not spicy at all, dipped in either of two great sauces, ranch or marinara.  The pizza's were about $13 each for the larges.  I usually have no problem quitting after two slices but the  flavor squishing around in my mouth was so good I couldn't resist taking a third piece at this place.   The decor was pretty and the service was great--the server checked back several times to see if we were doing okay or needed anything.   I would definitely be a regular if I lived near here.     On a side note, next door is the Aloha Kitchen which we had eaten at about a week ago and was also very good!  62010
pfTwzep_4hRTX_jXoi38cw	casual	"Considering how douche-y it could be, it's really not that douche-y.  Drinks are expensive but prepared right. Service is good. The seating is comfortable and the atmosphere relaxing.   Note to the single guys wearing chin-strap beards and Affliction t-shirts while looking nervous and sitting at tables alone and not approaching women: Try ""Hello"" or ""Nice outfit"" or ""Those martinis are great, aren't they?"" or something. I'm old and fat and dress like I'm teaching a fishing class, but I'm not afraid of girls. Just talk to them like they are people."
VEojEXbJ81eiPLSSF9jNEQ	casual	Tried this for the first time today. While my hubbies french toast was wonderful and the kiddos enjoyed their meal, my biscuits and gravy tasted much like bacon grease and flour. Sending it back and trying something else is what I would have liked to do, but the server never returned to check on us until my family was finished with their meal. The owner did apologize and asked us to give them a try again. Maybe I will, if the staff gets some training. Everyone seemed completely overwhelmed. It's too bad~as I love going out for breakfast.
rbiRLiFTG098z9JaK3Nshw	casual	That darn Smokehouse burger is awesome. 5 stars.   The smoked corn was a little Meh... it was oily like not butter oily... not a huge fan of the texture either. I like corn crunchy and it was not.   Service was great.   I did see an unmentionable bug running around near the back entrance towards the chicken rotisserie thing, but bugs have to eat too right? (still 5 stars lol)
3pFyhcGd4YykGI6tf07hmQ	fine	"I consistently enjoy Chelsea's Kitchen, even in uncomfortable circumstances (long story). This last time was no exception.  We started with ""white"" sangria, which none of us had heard of before, despite prior visits. The ""white"" is a pinot grigio so it was an easy decision to order the pitcher. The sangria was delightful - we didn't quite finish the wine, but the pitcher-ful of fruit was polished off.  My swordfish tacos were delicious and filling. My friend's fried chicken (a special) was good but a bit dry. I suggested gelato after dinner; no one had room.  Service was a bit inattentive. The table seated after us received menus, waters and had their order taken before we had a server approach the table. After the first server, another seemed to take over and things got better.  The atmosphere at Chelsea's is good, as others have pointed out. It's a great place to hang out. The setting is beautiful. I will return."
edcGkJ6qPs3lUnSz9pqoGQ	fast	"No matter where you go in the World if you are wearing an in and out shirt or hat some big guy usually yells out ""In and Out Man I love that place"" I think that says it all."
S4kuNIvOCbiylaGLwY2aHw	fast	I love Jimmy Johns. It is WAY better than Subway. The bread is what makes it. They bake their own bread right in the store and then right before they make your sandwich, they pluck out the middle of the bread to fill your sandwich with goodness. You choose your sandwiches by number, but you can customize any sandwich. I usually get the #4 which is a Tom Turkey. It has turkey, lettuce, tomato, lettuce and sprouts on it. I like their chips too. They call them Jimmy Chips. They are the kettle cooked type. I personally do not think this is your ordinary sandwich. The combination of bread and ingredients makes it a great sandwich and they are fast to prepare.
aApHpyUbnqBJmL_3X6UFOA	casual	I have gone here several times and have tried the pizza, subs and the calzones.  I have not had anything there that I did not like and the only reason I don't give this five stars is because everytime I am in there it seems a large group with lots of young kids has just sat down (or come to run around me while I try to eat) at the same time as my date and I.  I admit, I wish restaurants had sections for families so that those who do not like watching kids run around or spitting food out of their mouths on to the table could eat in peace, but that is just me and that is why I have dogs and not children.  Anyway, this place has awesome food, good service and if you can handle large groups of families then I highly recommend you take the drive out here to give it a try.
sjO66SM-zICJr5VyumMuqA	casual	"I went here with Friends last Friday. All my friends and I use Yelp, at the end of the meal taking cost into perspective we all came to this is a 1 star place. It was a huge disappointment after looking at the positive reviews. Our 1st disappointment came because they had a ""limited"" beer list. My good buddy just wanted an IPA and all they had was the normal domestic beers and a few other quality ones. Then, the Spanish ham was not very good and once you take into account the price it was terrible. We had a sausage plate where the sausage was dry. The Calamari was extremely oily. The only positive thing was the lamb chops but once you factor in price that was poor too. We all came to the conclusion we would never go back."
rQ4z0EStSZE4acgkne6Hmg	casual	I went to this place with my wife because it was new and we're always looking for new places to eat. We were the only two people in the place and would have thought that the owner, to make a good impression and show gratitude for what business he did have might have come by the table to ask how the food is, make small talk or anything. He sat at their front counter watching a baseball game when we got there. The waitress took our order, he went back to cook it and resumed his place at the counter to watch the game. We felt like we were putting the guy out to have to pull away and actually cook for the only two customers he had. As far as the food is concerned: You can grill a great burger at home with decent meat and the fixin's you want to put on it. In other words, it wasn't anything special and certainly nothing that I would go back for. Bottom line: Scottsdale doesn't need another $9.00 burger place and I wish the staff could have put more effort to appreciate our patronage.
L0R3081GwxRcP98BZ1K9qA	casual	Shortly after I wrote my 3 star review, Christopher contacted me. He was very apologetic about our experience and wished that we had enjoyed our meal more. He immediately offered to refund us the cost of the meal because we weren't 100% satisfied. After discussing his offer with my friends, we decided to take a 50% refund. Let me just say that I was personally a little uncomfortable with this because while I have received refund/free meal offers from other businesses in the past, I've never taken them up on it. I don't think it's about the money and I certainly don't write reviews to elicit free meals. However, since the 3 of us split the cost of the meal evenly, I felt that it would only be fair if I took my friends' suggestions into account. Anyway, the refund check arrived in the mail yesterday. I decided to upgrade my review to 4 stars given the overall experience. It's rare to find business owners who value their customers as much as Christopher.
NA3tQYxR6Fq5O8nV6u41Tw	casual	"I have been here a couple of times as it is about a block from where I live. It is your typical neighborhood bar. That is, not a lot of people, average prices, okay happy hour.  Their menu is bar food. Burgers, Wings, Fries, and so on. The have the standard domestics on tap (Bud, Coors, Miller etc).  A lot of times they have live music at 9 or 10. If this is for you then you have the chance to see an exclusive performance since not a lot of patrons are there. However, it gets pretty loud. So if this does not sound like your thing, be aware what time it is.   Service is pretty bad if you are in the ""restaurant"" part. The only time I have eaten at a table the bartender was also our server. Needless to say slow is an understatement.   The only reason I go here is so I don't have to drive anywhere. 2 stars because I have experienced better, much better. My experiences tells e that the Waterfront is just a corner bar. Nothing Special."
dSQh1Hx2BiSrYog4ad740A	fast	Superb gelato - some of the best I've ever had! The guy behind the counter is the owner, and he takes pride in his gelato.  They only use real sugar, not high fructose corn syrup, and nothing contains hydrogenated oil.  I tasted a few flavors and settled on the coconut... it was sublime.   Definitely some of the best Gelato I have ever had. When I need a mid day sugar rush... I'll be back!
-4A5xmN21zi_TXnUESauUQ	fine	My wife and I absolutely love this place. Yes, it's a bit pricier... but yu get what you pay for: excellent food and service! The patio is even cigar-friendly, which is a huge plus for us! We visit often!
jS6flcYZwd3xbEfNsM0B3w	casual	Good little place in old town across from Cowboy Ciao. Had the turkey apple swiss wrap w/ dried cranberries,local greens, smoked bacon, and cashews. Very good and great size. The lady had the grilled chicken & sage pesto sandwich w/ goat cheese, gala apple, and smoked bacon. She liked it as well. The sweet potato chips were very good too. will be back for sure.
5kRug3bEienrpovtPRVVwg	casual	"There's a special little place in my heart designated specifically for JoBot, so I'm thrilled to be the 100th person to get to sing the praises of this adorable little coffee shop/creperie/hole-in-the-wall bundle of amazing-ness.  I came across JoBot by accident about a year ago while looking for a late night wi-fi spot to do some studying. It fit the bill perfectly, minus the fact that it was extremely difficult to concentrate with the loud music coming from the Lost Leaf, the interesting conversations that I couldn't help from overhearing, and the endless amount of scrumptious plates that kept parading past me.   That said, I've made several ""study"" trips to JoBot since. While I may not be as productive as I would be at some of those quieter little coffee shops where everyone has their nose in a book or a laptop, I find that I always walk away a very happy camper, every time.   Their crepes/tacos are delicious. All of them. Sometimes I feel as though the crepes are slightly undercooked, but once I dig inside to discover the tantalizing flavors that lie within, I tend to forget all about that. The root beer pork remains one of my faves followed by a strawberry/banana concoction for dessert. Yum, yum, yum.  Go here if you want good coffee (the bumble bee is tasty), good eats, good conversation, good atmosphere, good prices, good entertainment, and free wi-fi at any and all hours (they don't seem to close on weekends). And if you're really feeling frisky head down a house or two for some NachoBot. Gosh I love this place."
zmFc8M-hS4uuyY0hklIpoQ	fast	Cheese Curds!   They have been so hard to find in AZ.    Like the Jalepeno ones too.  Really good fresh milk.   Worth the stop.  Bring cash, not credit or debit cards
f0y7I6oNPKdKNW4eQyZb3w	casual	Threw a friend's baby shower here and it went pretty smoothly. We made reservations well in advance, and it was a small party. I'm not a huge fan of their food but it's always busy so clearly other people don't have my same opinion. The three stars is for the service, they were super attentive and everything was taken care of for our party. I just don't think the cheesecake is that great, I'm sorry! But the apps aren't too bad.
TdNIQQcfslKjkey4-yAlKg	fast	How can anyone not give these guys a 5 star? Cafe Rio invented the sweet pork burrito and nobody...and I mean NOBODY can do it better. I moved here a year ago from Utah where Cafe Rios are as abundant as Micky Dees .... and I was so happy to see the Cafe Rio sign. I eat there to much. Its a 30 min drive to get there from where I live, but I love that I don't ever have to wait in line as long as I did when eating at the Utah ones... Let me help you with what to order: No serious if you are reading this...go there TODAY and order this - Sweet pork burrito with black beans, hot sauce, enchilada style with pico and guac ... no lettuce (unless you like lettuce ... I don't)
Tsff0UUVgrnawjI_xd2cKg	fast	"Great donuts but horrible service... Didn't get anything we wanted due to a language barrier between us and the limited English speaking employee. She claimed, in broken English, to only speak Spanish. She understood ONLY the word ""dozen"" and we got a dozen of what ever she felt like giving us, then proceeded to ignore us while using her cell phone! Donut shops are a dime a dozen and we will never again return to Bosa."
ikuXlYpFsaEs2xlvlopxQw	fine	"Yes I am writing a review about Red Lobster, don't judge me!! You all know you love those little cheddar biscuits more then life itself!   Seriously, Those biscuits, good lord!   Hubs and I went here last night, his picking. He loves him some Ultimate Feast. I usually stick to the coconut shrimp.   Our waitress was awesome, the place was packed to the gills but we never really had to wait for refills. She did forget to put in for the beer hubs ordered, but he lived (YAY)!   The food comes out hot and fast.   We also got an appetizer, did the ""pick two"" the mozzarella sticks were surprisingly good and the calamari wasn't just fried calamari but it came with fried broccoli and red peppers as well, super tasty!"
-Rj4yXguyZ06ZMPMmoR9tg	fine	When Hoa called and said we were having a reunion of former branch employees at a Chinese buffet, I wasn't at all apprehensive. My normal concerns with such eateries--will the food be maintained at a proper food-safe temperature, is this seafood fresh, how long has the sushi been sitting out, will I be able to make it home before my intestines rupture--dissipated because Hoa knows good Asian cuisine. She is, of course, born to Vietnam and world traveled.   Let's start with my happiest aspect about HKGB: the sushi. No, it's not the best sushi in the Valley, but they make it fresh for you on site. You can stand there and watch it being make, grab a soup or something else to munch on, or just sit at your table and chat awhile. Afterwards, you can head back for more sushi or veer over to the more traditional offerings of a Chinese buffet: sweet and sour chicken, fried rice, crab legs.   Now let's review the not-so-shiny aspect: the price. Yes, it seems a little steep that we paid about $25 per person with tip (and I made only two rounds) but when you factor in the 2 hours we spent there, grazing, catching up, grazing, passing Lisette's daughter around, grazing and making plans to keep in touch, it's really not such an outrageous amount to pay.   If you find yourself in this part of town, craving Chinese and are wicked crazy hungry, give HKGB a shot.
bzXDUQ-5Odzx5WZNoSoANg	casual	Went here while on vacation in Phoneix based on seeing it on Man vs Food. Could not have been more impressed. Food was amazing. Far above expectations.  The torta was huge and delicious. Would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a fantastic authentic meal at a good price!
_ilvDGnUKCpfp4qHvQODlA	fast	This Jack in the Box location has the worst service & food that I have found in the Phoenix metro area. Every time I have gone through the drive through there my order has either been wrong or inedible - how hard is it to make a taco without frying it into oblivion? The wait times are consistently more than 5 minutes...I think I will be spending that 5 minutes driving to another location, just to get the correct order & food that is properly prepared.
Rx9WPIaYCBquFBC563RjYg	casual	Really pulled a douche bag move by coming here at 9:45pm when they close at 10:00, but everything was closed except for fast food places, in which we didn't feel in the mood for. The hostess didn't give us any attitude and sat us...It was super dark, but had comfy booths.   Andy was our waiter and he had such a great attitude, we apologized for coming in so late, but he assured us that we were fine. The salad was good, but kind of small, the buttery croissant that accompanied it, however is tasty. Hubs got porkchops and I got the chicken soup. Not bad, we ended up talking and laughing with Andy about the restaurant industry...too bad the bar was closed, I wanted to see if he wanted to drink with us.
jB1fFl1eIEPYe5FLpCZ5Jg	casual	For those of you who love Indian/Pakistani food, but hate dives, Z-Grill just may turn your whole world upside down. In all foodie honesty, Z-Grill is home to some of the best Indo-Pak food I've ever had. This praise comes with a reminder though...it is divey. Z-Grill is located inside Zam Zam World Market, which is a decent little grocery, but it lacks the umph that other well-known ethnic groceries delivery. With that being said though, other groceries lack Z-Grill, and this is why it matters... Everything I've tried from the restaurant, and I mean everything thus far, delivers. From the hummus, to the samosas, to the chana and even to the paneer masala and chicken karahi, I've only been disappointed when I realized that I was down to the last bite. The flavors are robust, the sauces are spicy and, surprisingly, the prices are unbelievably reasonable. It's safe to say that I'm addicted to this place. **A word of caution when trying Z-Grill. They are sometimes out of items on the menu. I find that charming cause they have to make everything from scratch, others might not. If they happen to be out of something, do yourself a favor and just try something else.** I cannot say enough good things about the food from Z-Grill. This is a must-try in the valley for anyone who has a love for spicy Indo-Pak food. Go try it!
r7GXuj4rr2vGPU_pklxcQg	casual	I came here on a strong recommendation from a friend. After reading the reviews, I was anxious to try it out. I went on a Saturday night, half expecting it to be really busy. We were seated in about five minutes or less. Not busy on a Saturday night...made me kind of worried. The menu is sparse, it made ordering really easy. Service was fairly slow considering the small amount of people in the restaurant. Refills were slow, service was kind of inattentive but not rude. Our pizza came out in about 15-20 mins. We ordered a white with garlic with pepperoni and sausage. The pizza looked and smelled delicious, but that's where it all went bad. First off, the pizza crust was really soggy because of all the grease under the pizza. I have never ate such a greasy pizza in my life. i had to drain every single slice, it literally created a puddle on my plate. There was a significant lack of sauce on my pizza, some parts of my crust were bare, not even a hint of red on them. The pepperoni and the sausage tasted great and there was enough toppings on the pizza to justify the $2 price tag. The non soggy areas of crust were great, and the cheese was amazing. We ended up taking half the pizza home, the slices were filling. The pizza was better the next day, after the box absorbed most of the grease, after throwing away the pizza box, the bottom of the box was saturated in grease. I'm not sure if grease makes a quality pizza, but in this case it just made a soggy crust. **Update** Under intense pressure I came back here and tried a white with chicken, they seriously redeemed themselves. I spoke to the manager and he insisted my last time was a fluke and should have been corrected. I would come back on occasion.
MwmXm48K2g2oTRe7XmssFw	casual	Wednesday 7pm. This place is your average over priced, lack of taste chain food restaurant and this place was no different. I have to say, I was super disappointed as I have always heard rave reviews, now I'm starting to question who I associate with and their taste in food. Service=slow. Food=just tastes like salt Noise=loud and they do a dance...like a lot. Go somewhere else and skip Joe's Crabs.
pzPbg_B2uSVJ72LIa2G3sA	casual	I'm going to have to work through this review before I decide on 3 or 4 stars. I've been thinking about this since my visit and I cannot seem to come to a conclusion. Another one of those times I wish we had half star options.  The Parlor is definitely The Vig's little baby sister. It Aesthetically looks extremely similar, it has both the same Scottsdale-esque vibe and crowd, both are in weird, out-of-the way locations, and both are really loud.   Even for a new restaurant with lots of buzz on a Saturday night, I thought this place was crowded. There was over a 45-minute wait for two of us, so we ended up grabbing a beer at the bar. I'm glad we did because our bar tender was smokin hot. Nothing better for the self esteem of two broken-hearted girls than a cute, flirty bartender.   After a while we just decided to eat at the bar and skip the whole table idea. Good choice, even though the bar area was REALLY loud.   On to the food... we started out with the cheezy cauliflower appetizer. OH MY GOOD LORD. It was amazing. It was topped with bread crumbs and baked... it was just absolutely amazing. It was good later as a midnight snack and good as breakfast the next morning.   For dinner we shared a Pesto and a Margharita pizza. I loved both of them, but the Margharita had more flavor and I preferred it over the Pesto. Both had great quality ingredients and were extremely tasty.  I'm pretty stoked that the prices are so reasonable. Two hours, five beers, an appetizer and two pizza's later, we ended up with a bill for $50 plus tip. My solo bar tabs are normally higher than that!  My major complaint, though, was the whole entire time I was there I had a stuffed nose. I don't know if it was an allergy to something they were cooking, the wood, flowers, etc but I could barely breathe. The second we stepped outside it was like I had a new nose.  Man.. I still don't know... three ... four... three ... four... okay .. my decision is made: if the 6' tall snobettes coming into the bathroom as we were walking out didn't smash rudely into my dining partner and act like she was Antichrist for trying to inhabit the same place at the same time, I would definitely go with a 4 but it's a 3 for now until things settle down a bit.
Kqn4J9NTgZdMAnV4HuYh5A	casual	This is a huge improvement over the last bar that occupied this spot. They obviously put a few bucks into the renovation and added pool tables. The rub is that when a band is playing here it totally dominates the conversation, and if the band sucks... Please put in a smoking-friendly patio, right now customers have to stand by the parking lot sans drink! They have another less-noisy bar in the front, which I was pleased to discover was offering $1 well drinks from 9-10pm for guys - we took full advantage.
TCi5dyUUVHvFctgkstc1Kg	casual	We love this restaurant. It's a family-owned place and you always feel welcome. The food is excellent, especially compared to On the Border, etc.  Order the guacamole.  A tad pricey but it's North Scottsdale, so what do we expect?
24V8QQWO6VaVggHdxjQQ_A	casual	"My experience here was awesome from start to finish. I was greeted by an extremely friendly, smiling man (I believe to be the owner) who helped me with my order decision, took my order, then asked me to ""please, sit down, be at home"". Awesome. I inquired about the salad and asked if they put any feta on the salad (they don't), he followed up informing me the sauce they serve has dairy, but that he would substitute garlic sauce instead.... now this might not seem like much, but to someone who has food allergies like myself, having someone with intimate knowledge of the ingredients and the care to make sure they don't serve you anything that might not agree with you is really a blessing and gives you assurance when you eat there. Huge bonus. I had a half chicken shawarma and half gyros plate which came with hummous, salad, rice, cucumber (substituted instead of pita since I don't eat wheat... nice touch) and a side of garlic sauce. I do not normally enjoy chicken shawarma, but he insisted I try. Well, he was right, I will say now I love chicken shawarma, Aladdin's chicken shawarma. Their gyros was awesome too.. homemade, not the typical Kronos Meat Cone variety. I paid after my meal and was welcomed back with a handshake. Service was awesome, food was awesome, and they were able to easily cater to my picky food needs. A+!"
akCEmlqxFOTpn2oxSPDLkA	fast	I will make this real easy for you.   Just go to in-and-out Burger if you don't want to feel gross and poor.
yKbXWo_6VlS3mD_RcPquog	fine	"First, I'd like to send a shout-out to Irma, our server who has given me hope that there are caring hospitable people in the food industry.  Irma receives 5 stars for taking good care of me and my sweetheart during our recent date at the Havana Cafe. Way to go Irma!  We step into a well packed restaurant on a Friday night with plans to try the Sailor's Paella Special and a few cocktails. We wait for just a few seconds until we are greeted by Irma and her warm smile and are led to our table. Our cocktail orders are taken immediately, 1 Mojito and 1 White Sangria. Both exceeded our expectations and were just thing to get our date started.  The ambiance is whimsical and charming - Reminded me of the movie ""The Bird Cage"" without the drag queens and dramatic dialogue. Bummer!  Now on to the Paella. It was the perfect dish for the evening offering plenty of shrimp, calamari, crab, scallops, muscles, tuna and a healthy serving of saffron rice. This meal also requires a little handy work to get to the crab and muscles but you are given the proper instruments to do so. This may not be the best choice for those who do not enjoy this kind of food activity but we had a lot of fun with it.  We will be back soon to try another interactive meal and partake of a round or two of Mojitos.   So if you are in the mood for something different, fun, and oh so delicioso, I recommend you try a night out at the Havana Cafe. I also hope you have the pleasure of meeting a groovy gal who goes by the name Irma."
niPFXq4r2mc0zFlOpWV3Eg	casual	Here's the 1. 2. 3...  1. Great Food. I love hot New Mexico style food. Good job. 2. They have a little brewery and make 3 house beers. Unfortunately, they're all shitty. 3. They could REALLY improve the service. No Bueno!   We'll be back for the food. It might be take out next time though!  4-17-11 Update: Some asshole who was clearly affiliated with Arribas contacted me via private message to slam me for my review. I hope the yelp police find you and pull you off the site. More importantly, I hope more people read my review and stay away from this restaurant. Good Food folks, just get it to go! To Bryan L. and the rest of the gang over at Arribas....Go EFF yourselves! You get one star and NO more of my money!!!!!!! Learn how to work, Kid!
-tBiXT917wKlr6n9wSqViw	casual	Joined @SMUNCHPhoenix at @GalloBlanco.  For my first breakfast at Gallo, I ordered Chilaquiles Verde, and my girlfriend had the Chorizo and Eggs.  We were both very happy with our choices!  The chilaquiles was delicious, with the crispy corn tortillas providing a nice contrast.  The chorizo and eggs were definitely in line with what I consider to be authentic.  I am definitely a fan of Gallo, and will return as often as time and money allow.
JZJqJadk9pSoCGT7VTwBvg	casual	Eh.... 2.5 stars, maybe? 3? Not sure, yet.  After looking at the menu online, I really wanted to like this place. The menu has some creativity to it, unlike the template-North-Indian-restaurant-menus you find at many of the Indian restaurants in the Valley. Aside from offering things like korma, kadai, vindaloo, etc. with a variety of options (chicken, lamb, paneer, shrimp or fish for each) they also have some other more unusual choices, like one of my favorite dishes, mattar malai methi (creamy fenugreek and peas). And dahi vada in the appetizers... I couldn't wait to check it out. Unfortunately, three friends and I went at lunchtime on a Saturday - and there was a buffet. So I didn't get to try any of those tempting dishes.  The restaurant itself, while  decorated a little haphazardly (Chinese paintings?) is bright and clean. There's a TV on a wall, which happened to be playing one of my favorite Bollywood movies...so I was still excited about the place.  But...after tasting the food...meh.  The buffet was all right.. but nothing to write home about. Pluses? Once again, it had something different..fish curry as well as an Indian-style Chinese dish or two. So that was cool. But the food was just so-so. I was there fwith three other people - one of them said the cuts of meat, especially the chicken, were of higher quality than most Indian buffets. But he didn't like the sauces so much. One other friend said he liked the tikka masala, but that was about it. As for the vegetarians, well, we didn't have a lot of choices. Veggie manchurian (which was pretty good), a very bland chana masala and some pea/carrot thing that reminded me more of baby food than anything else. The dessert was just all right, too. And the rice was very bland.  So, overall, I wasn't impressed. But I don't want to judge the place too harshly based just on the buffet. After all, Curry House was packed on a Saturday afternoon, so I'm thinking maybe it's got something better to offer me.. I'll have to go back for dinner and see what their non-buffet selections taste like before I totally write this place off my list.
jgbEZzERVI4yvAAtXWW93A	casual	I am excited about this place, even though I have not had many opps to try northern style Chinese food. Think dough, and don't mistakenly believe it's the same dough steam/cooked/fried/stuffed in different ways. The kind owner lady proudly told me each of our 3 dishes was made w/ a unique dough recipe... At first I was worried all the dough would overpower my tastebuds, until I asked for some dipping sauce... they kindly made me a black vinegar, ginger, and scallion sauce... that just upleveled everything. Who knows if it's traditional or not, but I implored the owner to start dishing this out when Americans like me (smiley face) come over and eat. The off-menu items are written on a small whiteboard sitting atop the freezer stuffed w/ to-go dumplings... luckily the folks there speak English, so I'll be working my way thru this secret menu and who knows.. this might go 5 stars! SW corner of Ray and Alma School, next to the JCC.
ntN85eu27C04nwyPa8IHtw	casual	"Now accepts plastic! Now accepts plastic! Did you hear me? Harvey's now accepts plastic! I've lived around the corner from Harvey's for a little over 4 years now. I had lunch there once in the mid 1990's, and went in to watch a Suns playoff game a few years back when my friend was decked out in Spurs gear and we were nearly lynched at Half Moon. Quick lunch with a girlfriend who was in the mood for a burger about a year ago. While I love, and I do mean LOVE a good dive bar, this place scared the crap out of me. I'm young, not hideous, female, and not of the meth-head variety - so not only did I not blend, but I felt targeted. Sad, really. The ONE bar within easy drunk stumbling distance from my house, and I wasn't happy going there. During a weekday for lunch was more or less okay. But evenings are when the freaks come out. And I don't mean the freaks like me. I mean the dangerous crazy ones - not just the fun crazy ones. There's a difference! Well, enter the new roommate. He was disinclined to believe my review, and insisted we go. I resisted until late Saturday night, when he came home at 1am and insisted I get dressed so we could go there for an hour. Maybe I was tired. Maybe I needed a change of pace. Whatever the reason, I gave in, got dressed and we walked over to Harvey's. YAY! According to Echo, the bartender (yes, it's her real name. her parents are hippies like mine), the owner has been working hard to improve the place (read: clientele) for over a year. It shows! Echo is three shades of awesome - the perfect gal to be running the bar! Easy smile, quick wit, great sense of humor and the talent to mix a great drink while cooking any of the grub from the menu. She is a one woman show and pulls it off like a champ! June drink specials included $2.00 Beam 5 Star bourbon, Yukon Jack, and I don't remember what else. I asked for a bourbon and coke, the roommate asked for his bourbon neat. (Brave - cheap bourbon *needs* to be cut with something!). The pour is solid and consistent Oh, and did I mention you can get a mixed drink, anytime day or night for just two bucks? For $2!! Two drinks for me, two shots for him, a beer chaser for him and a cheese wineburger split between us. Under $14!! Holy hell, it's cheaper to drink here than it is at home! And at home - we don't have the entertainment of the other patrons. Like Cowboy who would do the splits on demand. And suggest my roommate go through the needed steps for a game of ""rodeo"" with his girlfriend. You just can't make this up! Oh - and he bestowed slightly drunk me with a new nickname. Apparently, I am a ""prick ass bitch."" I don't know how he meant it, but I am taking it as a compliment and will wear it with pride! Oh, yes. I will certainly be back! A LOT."
doEZAj-NSnoEMOJl5yXcNw	casual	This place is very off-the-beaten-track, I'm sure most people overlook it....I only came across it whilst searching online for somewhere 'different' to eat...and when I came across the review on the Phoenix New Times website(http://www.phoenixnewtimes.com/2005-02-10/dining/sultans-of-shish/), I knew this was it...  I only docked a star for the (extremely) sparse decor and atmosphere...this place could have been any other type of business with just a change of sign and omission of tables...  anyway, the food was great! my fiance ordered skewers of beef and lamb(I'm not too keen on lamb, but the beef was tender and succulent...very well spiced!)...I had a cucumber salad(diced, along with onions and parsley, and soaked in vinegar-lemon juice), which enchanted me so much that I created my own version at home and make it every time I feel like doing a bit of dicing(msg me for the recipe--it's a bit death-breathy and labor-intensive but delicious!)...  and, during dessert, I could see why Samarkand was voted 'Best Tea in Phoenix'...the black tea was easily the best I've ever had(besides a special brand of blue ginger tea I make a point to keep my cabinet stocked with)...it was strong and rich...absolutely incredible!  definitely make it a point to search this place out--it's worth the effort!
-O7H5LhBkE13VQZB0QZI0Q	casual	Open Range offers some damn-good home cooking. My family eats here often and has never had a bad meal. Not to mention that the portions are huge. I usually order the cobb salad. From a typical deli, I'd normally expect iceberg lettuce, a handful of shaved carrots, some egg, and a little bit of bacon. But if that were the case, I wouldn't be ordering the salad again and again. The field greens and romaine lettuce are served with avocado (I'm pretty sure they use at least 1/2 an avocado for each salad), artichoke hearts, tomatoes, bacon (no bacon bits here!), radishes, blue cheese, egg, cucumbers and I'm sure i'm forgetting something else, but it is GOOD. Sometimes, if I'm really hungry, I order it with a side of their twice baked casserole (twice baked potato in a cup, basically. It's unbelievable.) I'd also recommend the Arizona caviar (black bean salad) or southwest coleslaw. My dad loves their BBQ sandwiches (with choice of homemade barbecue sauce - each one better than the last), my mom usually orders one of their other great salads with a side of potato pancakes (better than grandma's), and grandpa loves whatever is on special. Even my picky-eater brother loves food at Open Range - and that's saying something! Bethany and Tom are the owners; Bethany does most of the kitchen cooking and Tom says that he's in charge of most of the barbecuein'. (He once gave my family a taste of some of their freshly smoked pecans and WHOA, they were GOOD.) The restaurant (as the name suggests) has a full service deli too, in case you need a pound of freshly sliced ham as well as a meal. In the past, the service has been slow, but it has improved dramatically over the past year. The restaurant has a killer view of the Superstition Mountains, and is within 10 - 20 minutes of countless hiking trails. To make this long review short: if you're looking for a tastes-like-home (or tastes-better-than-home) cooked meal and you're in the far east valley, make sure to stop in for lunch or dinner. You'll probably see my family and me chowing down too.
-mLcpJYfX8tw8LR9bq018w	casual	I started a new job and the bosses brought us here for lunch. It was ok. I got a lunch combo meal, but I didn't pay. The service was really great but the food was not. Just kind of plain. It's convenient to work, so I will probably be back, I just won't have very high expectations.
mpdl2_v3MDJVzTaxvlEGTA	casual	I was sad to come back to lai lai's and they no longer had the Mongolian :( boo,, but i took my mom there and we were starving so we decided to order off the menu. My mom is allergic to msg and they helped us with what we should order. and she didn't get sick!! woo hoo.. we ordered three dishes and an appetizer to share between her , my bf, and myself, and we stilll brought food home, and I dont think we spent over $30 bucks for all that food!! it was very good to! i love good cheap food!! Ill be back, they are always friendly.
fZWVI2Bjk6wJoRUB0s4Pzg	casual	T. Cook's continues to be my go-to spot... with or without my fiance. It's like my home away from home. I feel comfortable going in for a drink or a bite to eat any night of the week. Let me be clear about one thing, however - I always sit at the bar! In addition to the regular menu items, the burger at T. Cooks is consistently amazing. This sizable delight is carnivore candy for the soul. Ten ounces of tenderloin burger with white cheddar cheese, bacon and Guiness tempura onion rings on a ciabatta bun with a grain mustard aioli. My mouth is watering just thinking about it right now. Anyone up for a burger?
yW4XOMS4biiSXOwkbZ6wpA	casual	Exactly what a hole in the wall Pho place should be like! Totally reminds me of LA, SF or any authentic Pho place in any multi-cultural city. Congrats Phoenix for not being completely white bred and redneck- must give thanks to center city.  Anyhow, portions are large, ingredients taste fresh and prices are inexpensive. If you're one of the sheltered folk out here that gets freaked out by rude bums or the lack of decor- stay in the shelter of your HOA tract home or go to the mall.
CWoXwnoxdFihXB1KhH9goA	casual	Family friendly and we love the soups and salads.  Mushroom soup is our favorite!!!!  We also enjoy their veggie sandwich but all of them that we have tried are delicious.  Sunday brunch is great too.  We do frittatas or banana pancakes, yum.  Or a simple Wildflower capaccino and scone does the trick.  We'be been going for years and will continue to go.  Oh, did I mention the free WiFi?  Great for some business lunches.
Rus-ewyqLj2D1RlqK-je4w	casual	I am not happy with the co worker who introduced me to Forefathers. Do I really need another way to feed my addiction to cheesy, beefy goodness? Of course I do! This small restaurant in a Tempe strip mall has earned a special place in my heart. No, not just because of the artery-strengthening cheese. It is home to the best cheesesteak I have experienced since moving to AZ. While the menu offers a variety of choices other than cheesesteak sandwiches (chicken and even *gasp!* salads), I stick with what I know and love: Regular with Cheez Wiz ($7.35) - bring your appetite, because this sandwich is big! A generous portion of thinly sliced meat and that oh so important Cheez Wiz is nestled within a soft bun. It is gooey, drippy and messy. Perfect. If Wiz is not for you, it is also offered with white American cheese, Provolone or Mozzarella. While I prefer mine with just the basic meat and cheese, you healthy types can also get any combination of 'OMG' - onions, mushrooms and green peppers. Fries are a very nice compliment to the sandwich. Let's be honest here, fries are a very nice compliment to nearly anything. Forefathers' fries ($2.55) are hot, salty and crisp. If you haven't gotten your fill of Wiz on your sandwich, you can turn those fries into Cheese Fries ($2.95). Either way, be sure to grab a container of 'fry sauce' (I am guessing this is some blend of ketchup and mayo). One taste and you will want to put this on everything. Lucky for me and my cholesterol level, this gem is nowhere near where I live.
dZb1V8knqTUT1o-NKZAl1Q	casual	"The three of us ate at Famous Dave's last evening and had a really nice time!   We stopped in around 5:30 or so and were seated at a booth in the bar area. It was still early, so there was plenty of seating throughout the restaurant. Our server came by a few moments after we were seated and asked about our drink order. Nice.   If you have never been to a Famous Dave's, it's sort of like a Texas Roadhouse, which is a complement. I've had some really good BBQ over the years in local Roadhouses throughout the US, and clearly this chain has copied the model.   We started with some onion strings and chicken tenders off the Happy Hour menu along with our drinks. Both were good, but ordinary. What made them good was Dave's sauce. At each table you have five or six choices, as well as the sauce that came from the kitchen.   For dinner we order a Pulled-Pork sandwich with sides, a large BBQ Huli platter and some Texas steak tips grande nachos. Each was delicious and large enough that we couldn't finish. One observation on portions, they are large -- like two Styrofoam take home boxes large   For dessert we order some $1.98 mini puddings and brownies. Just the right size for everyone after a large dinner.   Fellow Yelper Scott D put it best in his 7/23/10 review: ""Famous Dave's consistently delivers no matter which location you go to"". Our party of three heartily agrees!   The tab came to $69.49, including taxes but without tip. We thought that was fair given the serving size and the tastiness of the food. We will be back!   Enjoy!"
l0S5b8YYyDbjttTWtKc-gg	casual	i dont know why i didn't fall in love with pita jungle sooner.   i work right next to the mall so the food court is super convenient for us. let me tell you a story of how i ate here everyday for lunch for a week.   i ordered a standard gyro with no pickles (they put pickles on their gyros and i find that disgusting)  my coworker, jen, ordered the pasta salad with chicken on top.   mine was delicious and i tasted hers. hers was so good! i was like, that's what i'm ordering tomorrow.  the next day we went again and i ordered the chicken pasta. while waiting for the food to come out someone in front of me picked up their order of a hummus trio with chicken on top and a side of pita.  the next day jen asked where i wanted to go to lunch. i said pita jungle and i got my hummus trio.   and the trend continued. their food is so good!!!! and its like $8!! and since i work nearby i get a discount!   today i had a side of chicken breast with super fresh mushrooms. i watched them steam them, then put them in a pan with w tons of garlic, red wine, and seasoning. some of the best mushrooms i've ever had and it was a HUGE order of mushrooms.   i love this place!
5kuZhkdpKKu9d_dTflOh4A	fine	Very good food.  Our service was great--thank you, Heather.  She guided us to some good wines and food recommendations.  We'll be back
cVejKU_SrdbvzIbQ4oPV0A	fast	What is with the guy working there? He is seriously pissed-off every-time I go in. Actually last time I was there I walked out because he was yelling at one of the workers and it made me want to cry. I wish she would have walked out too. The time before that he was rude, not just rude, but a complete jerk to the people in front of me, what an a-hole.   2 stars because it is downstairs from my work, and it's cheap and if one of my co-workers goes to get a slice they always have my hawaiian pie.
LEQUQuNEByxWNpv4eWYq1Q	fast	Man, do I LOVE a restaurant with REALLY GOOD food and friendly service! Liberty Market is definitely that!   Funny thing is that I was originally going to eat at Joe's Farm Grill, but ended up here (after a search here on YELP).  Nice laid back decor too.  You wait in line to place your order, pay, and they give you a stand with a number on it (like at Sizzler), then someone brings your order.  I like places that spend the time to make their own salad dressings and take care with creating a delicious salad. The Italia was DELICIOUS and a perfect size! The homemade Minestrone soup was loaded with fresh ingredients and was REALLY fantastic too!  I forgot to try one of their desserts...the last Red Velvet cupcake was ALMOST snatched up by another customer, but the Food Server was so kind to offer to get it to me (maybe I had a look of panic on my face??)...WOW!! This service is rare to find!  The restrooms are quite amusing! Saw a similar set-up in NYC. Each toilet/water-closet is individual...no stalls. They were VERY CLEAN too (ok, I was seriously apprehensive that it might smell like a men's restroom, since it was all unisex...no worries!!!!)  I can't wait to visit here again...but, after I check out their other place across the street: Joe's Real BBQ. YUM!
mwiNm868yAo8Xh8hO7Ke_Q	casual	Yum yum yum. Husband and I first went there early on a First Friday night and were pleasantly surprised to be seated right away. We didn't want anything too heavy since we were planning on doing some walking so we split the Spanish cheese plate which was delightful. The fig cake is delicious!! Splitting the plate made the bill pretty affordable and it was just enough to fill us up without overdoing it.  The server was very helpful in suggesting a champagne for me and red wine for husband. Don't remember what we had but my champagne had a strawberry in it and was perfectly bubbly.   Ambiance and decor is nice and mellow. We've since been back with friends and it has been enjoyable for both a date night and chatting it up with people. Enjoy!
nn7Q8EAysCr3D9PEqZEgkg	casual	They get 2 stars, for the pickles. So I'm from Jersey and was very happy to see all the NYC/Jersey stuff in this place. The walls were covered in things from my state so I figured they know a thing or two about real NYC pastrami. I was very wrong! This had to be the worst pastrami I have ever had! What's with the places in this area advertising themselves as either being a NY style deli or NY style pizza? I mean, I know we're the most awesome people in the country and our food is the best, but don't say you're like us unless you really are! Maybe if you've never had the real thing, you think this is quality? This sucks giant donkey balls and I'm sorry I ever tried it! Really, instead of spending all that time trying to make your place look like Jersey and NYC, spend that time practicing making good food. That, not decor, gets you good reviews! If you're from the East coast and looking for authentic NYC food, avoid this place. They also claim their bagels are just like NY...yea, I won't be trying those!
o2BeeJmpf_J9EmC8HQoHRA	fine	I've eaten here many times, but none as bad as last night. Service was excellent, and highly attentive. Food, absolutely horrible.  My expectation was they would serve a steak on par with their seafood. After all, they were charging 39 bucks for a ribeye.  What I was hoping for was a 1- 1-1/2' thick steak, cooked Pittsburgh style as I had ordered.  What I got a a 3/4 in thick piece of meat that was mostly fat, gristle, and in no way resembled Pittsburgh Style.  Salad, similar to something you could get at Chick Filet Veggies, blah. Bread basket, ample, but day old, and if not, it certainly wasn't fresh.   In addition to bad food, we were crammed into a small room where we were nuts to butts with 6 other tables, listening to conversations ranging from someone's recent bout with pinkeye, and another couple who elected to speak entirely in French, until the waiter showed up, then it was like they turned off the French switch and suddenly began speaking English.   I've had it with this place. If I'm going to pay 150 bucks for dinner, it'll be at Mortons, or Maestro where the steaks are 1-1/2 in thick, cooked to perfection, and half of it doesnt wind up on the plate as fat and gristle
xtX2qS64zP2NRPV_7NNqHw	casual	- the location is excellent - the food is mediocre, and milder than they advertise - the wait staff is polite and bland.  At several opportunities, they were missing for more than 5 mins. - the bill will be higher than anyone expects  Bottom line:  don't bother
qyqOfpsAC5ooVROm7fB0jQ	casual	"First time ordering calamari salad...which had a strong onion (??) flavor and tasted weird...Being raised on Vietnamese food, the strangest of foods has been in my mouth, but I think this falls into the acquired taste category...As in I never acquired a taste for this.  Pad thai was okay...the noodles were a bit over seasoned. I felt like I should've eaten it with rice to tone down the flavor.  Papaya salad was good...still on the look out for that authentic not watered down version, though. Just like my friend's mom makes it! Yum!  Thai omelet. Good.  The people were really friendly as well, which helps, but you KNOW I'm all about the food.  I had takeout and the box for the calamari salad read: ""Carimali Salad"". :) I love it!"
R1RjCYfRZm9inTDQVVpUGQ	casual	This is another one of those restaurants I would have never known about if it wasn't for Yelp. San Diego Bay Restaurant is tucked away in the corner of a shopping center on the main drag in Guadalupe. It's taken me a long time to review this place. The first time I went was over two years ago and I've been back a few times. I have to admit, I've never had better Mexican seafood. Unfortunately since it's been awhile, I've forgotten what I ordered. I can tell you this though, every dish has been superb. Each bite was like heaven. I left wanting to try everything on the menu. The servers always steered me towards great dishes with their recommendations and I've taken many people here, much to their delight. They've all raved about it.
Y2Lfzulh_D9nNcuH49UT4w	fast	On my little trip around the city I drove over to Sweet Pea. Very cute store and great personable staff.  Nice selection to baked goods and great taste.  What nice find in the downtown area. I've got Wicked Bakery up north and Sweet Pea downtown... North and South is covered for those sudden cravings... now time to find something on the on West and East sides of the city.
JkXgwcfbWDZOc3i3PY2_wA	casual	Pros... Quick, good, cooked right, self serve condiments, friendly staff. Good choice of size and type of meat. fresh buns, self serve drinks. Good Good Good.  Cons... The place is a little run down, they sometimes no self serve trash bins.
j7-YRDU63fw975an55zHGg	fast	A friend and I stopped here today for lunch. I for some reason thought it was an odd choice, but he seems to go often and enjoys it. In fact the woman taking the order said to him, no drive through today? It would looks as though he is known in the whataburger world.   The people working here are very friendly if not a little disconnected. I ordered a whataburger with cheese and onion rings and a small drink. I opted for the Hi-C. I do not like sloppy food and this burger would not have been if the bun had held up. But as it is onions lettuce and tomatoes are falling all over the place. The meat was dry and lacking an particular flavour. The onion rings were very generic and sort of soggy. I loved the Hi-C.   You know you just never know if you will like something until you try it. I tired it and that is enough. Nice friendly folks though. I do like friendly.
lem7XGgKM5a4pAgop2mQqw	casual	Jamba is definitely as good as it gets when it comes to chain smoothie places. We are big fans of the Acai antioxidant smoothie, which is unlike the other smoothies that we've tried there. It is super healthy and has a distinct flavor to it which we like because it's not as sweet as their traditional smoothies are. I like going to Jamba because they are always reliable, fast and friendly when we have visited, even if the smoothies are a tad pricey. But, you get what you pay for, and I would much rather pay a little extra for a consistently good smoothie that I know will be delicious than take my chances on an unknown place that most likely won't deliver the goods.
MYj5f-QxtGeKlhVVx1RD4g	casual	Over priced. Mediocre food. Service so so. We won't be returning.
YgqexscIgNoMBAO__J97zA	casual	I agree with Ebony that sometimes Red Lobster does get a bad rap....but this location is a very good one......as long as you get here early (LOL). This locale is always busy.....but the food.....customer service....and the overall ambience of the place really shines. Molly was our server when the wife and I visited this locale for dinner this past Friday night. Right now they have a 15 dollar 4 course meal promotion.....and I am telling you it was the best 15 bucks I have ever spent. I started with the New England Clam chowder.....this is my favorite soup in the whole world BAR NONE. Then I had the Caesar Salad with the Cheddar Bay biscuits which I always have two baskets of ....because those Biscuits will really make you hurt someone they are so good......(LOL). I had the Shrimp and Grilled Chicken in a great garlic and butter sauce with garlic mashed potatoes.....OMG.....the chicken was so juicy and the potatoes just melted in my mouth.  Dessert was a very rich and delicious Key Lime Pie......ALL THIS FOR 15 BUCKS......WOW. I felt like I was stealing in a way (LOL) but again if there is a better deal in the valley for a dinner this good.....please let me know. So run don't walk to you nearest neighborhood Red Lobster and try this deal before it's gone. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
L7_-U4QPJBYxEpD0BdT4Pw	casual	Finally had a chance to watch a game here! Just moved to Surprise in July, and have been waiting for spring training. Very easy parking, and the seats are great! It does not matter where you sit. The diner have great food. I will be coming here a lot!
vvMR0jgDoBA-g1XgZy8sEg	fine	Avanti! Come in!  This place is cool, I did get a mild mobster vibe, but that's alright with me.  And I think the food is fantastico. Really, really good homemade pastas and an extensive wine list filled with great choices. If you're uncertain which wine would go best with your meal, don't hesitate to ask because the servers are pretty friendly and knowledgeable.   Try the crab and shrimp cakes for an appetizer and the tortellini portifino for dinner- both are delish.  If you're a dessert lover, get either the cream brulee or the tiramisu.
oeR69T9Ow5bvTq9xbiutWg	casual	This place it hit or miss for me. I have always ordered the feta gyro and either fries or a small Greek salad. Why is the soda machine always broken? Makes me wonder what else is broken and not fixed in the kitchen. I ate here for the 5th or 6th time on Thursday. The gyro is excellent, but the fries were overcooked and the oil didn't seem very fresh, as the fries had a brownish, oil soaked feel. I will return for the gyro, but I may skip the fries and stick to the salad.
bgipXs1CRQ8OBLXc4TBdjA	fine	This place was incredible.  The staff was friendly, not pretentious, and very knowledgable. I don't know what it was called, but our group ordered a tray which was a sampler platter and had a bit of everything on it.  So fresh!  We also tried the sushi with the caviar on top.  Try the sake that they recommend (flown in from Japan - they are the only ones in PHX that carry it).  I'm not a sake fan but I loved it.  That's how good it was.
dv5gSsbRtTatsBRcKLq4Kg	casual	Excellent service and food.  Best tex-mex in the valley.
znBnrQNq1FdUt5aIGAbyuQ	casual	A definite favorite in the neighborhood.  The happy hour menu is always interesting and good. In several visits I've never had anything that wasn't delicious, and the beers on special are uniformly impressive.
qXQ3ZBdwI3GlbR5-eYWqNA	casual	"Ahh man, .....I REALLY wanted this to be good.  But honestly, you end up with something that's more like ""flame broiled"" than the earthy wood-fired imagery you pick up from their corporately consistent signage, menu, and decor.  That being said, it's a cool concept, and great crust- but the signature pizzas like the ""Greek"" end up feeling themed ,and lacking of soul and an intuitive fussing-over that they need to really be crack good.  The salad's, while seemingly possessing all the right stuff- are the same. Too salty/ too soggy, and somehow too rich. The gelato tastes like it must come from a squeeze tube.  Anyhow- enough bitching. Better than Pizza Hut, but for all the fuss and flash, you expect alot more."
3fNGtIfuHwt0-DD9SSjO6Q	fine	I can't believe I didn't write a review of Metro after my first visit but I got a second chance last Saturday night with Dottsy Z, Andrea K and company.  We had a reservation for 8PM for 4 of us, and at 730PM Andrea asked us to add 2 guests and when Dottsy called Metro they said of course, but please be advised you may have a little wait for the larger table. Which leads me to the only bad point of the evening:  We had to wait ONE AND A HALF HOURS for our larger table. We had all expected and accepted a 30 minute wait. After about 40 we went to the bar to get some wine and oysters (otter creeks = yummmm).  After an hour had passed and no one had come to address the situation with our group, I approached the hostess and she was very apologetic and offered to comp our bar tab, which was incredibly nice.   When we were finally seated our server was friendly and attentive and had gorgeous blue eyes. Hello!  We were all starving and got right to the point with our orders: I started with the cucumber soup and no amount of yums or mmmmms can fully describe the delight that was set before me. A cold soup, this is made with cucumbers, buttermilk, dill and olive oil, with chunks of lump crabmeat and a dollop of caviar thrown on top, because why the hell not?!  Also, the soup came in a really large bowl and I was full by the time I finished it. I did soldier on to my main course which was the Moules Frites which is what I had the first time I came here and is a truly inspired dish with juicy fresh mussels, and a broth with thyme, garlic and perhaps a little white wine. Then to add insult to injury they serve the huge casoulet with a hearty portion of herbed french fries that were the perfect crispness and didn't leave oil on my hands.   Sadly I had to leave some of those friends behind, but only because it was time for dessert! I chose pot de creme which is normally topped with brioche. I requested a brioche-free pot and it was no problem. I was served a tiny ramekin of creamy custard topped with a sort of peanut butter syrup/creme and three slices of caramelized banana. It was really yummy though within 10 minutes my heart was racing from all the sugar.   I will point out that this dinner took 2 full hours (we left at 11:30PM) making this the longest I ever spent in a restaurant (3.5 hours are you kidding me?) which is why I ultimately docked one star. Based on food alone Metro Brasserie deserves 10 stars.
4gxZ5tPEqm0QnRkILa9cNQ	casual	"Old Town Scottsdale has a personality disorder. It tries to be one thing during the day and another at night. Merchants are gouged for hellish fees in order to provide the ""free"" parking so prices reflect this big gouge as some have to make up six figures per year (no joke). During the day Old Town caters to the typical tourists with skin that hasn't seen the sun since Eisenhower was president. The little shops sell a combination of crap and genuine goods. Restaurants cater to the over 60 crowd for lunch and the idea is to keep people milling around until they have spent all of their money. The perimeter of Old Town is alive with baseball, a hospital, banks and other real world establishments. At night the ""clubs"" open and each one thinks it's the Viper Room or the Abbey. Sorry, this isn't LA. High cover charges for lame, watered drinks and dead ambiance won't cut it. They make up for being dull with loud music. The rooftop bar concept seems to be dying off after locals who can't sleep through the racket take a few shots at the places from time to time. I can't blame them. A mile away the noise from these places is still thumping loud. It must be horrific to be at one of those rooftop bars.   But to be fair, Arizona is not known for night life. It's a place where the sidewalks are rolled up at dusk and they try to cash in on big events like the occasional Super Bowl. They also try to create a night scene Studio 54 style with a new ""hot""place popping up and when it is no longer trendy, they change the name and it becomes something else. Restaurants in Old Town also change names in the summer in hope of fleecing the same crowd the next tourist season. Many are now corporate-owned and the local restaurants have had no choice but to follow the downward spiral.   On the up-side, look for the local bars and by that I don't mean clubs. The bars such as the Blue Moose are locally owned and serve up good food at decent prices, good drinks and offer friendly service. Stay away from the $30 per entree places and just go cheap and have a good time.   If you are the sort who likes to drop $15 on a well drink with a bunch of plastic people who are keeping up appearances with the last of their Visa credit line, AZ88 is the place to go. :)"
TEiuiQi_0W3goZ7x9e_ILw	casual	I found Lisa G's while driving through phoenix with a friend. The exterior looked promising and we prepared ourselves for a treat. We were in for a a shock! We ordered the antipasto plate and while there were serious issues with it, it turned out to be the best thing we were served. I ordered the chicken rolatini (the special of the day) and it was just plain bad! The chicken was dry and under seasoned, the Rosemary potatoes were soggy and the veggie medley (squash, corn, green beans, etc.) was over cooked and the juices spilled over into the potatoes. It was one of the worst $17 meals that I have ever had! My friend ordered the veggie salad and it was one literal hot mess. Just horrible food! I see that others had the mini burgers and bowl of balls and found them to be tasty. I wish I had ordered those. As it is this is one place I would never revisit or recommend to a friend!
xxSq7BBoCwUHnaxMMgF5mg	fine	This review is for locals...the Hyatt isn't just a beautiful spot to stay it, it's also a perfect spot to just sit and enjoy the day! I've done this several times, many times for dinner and drinks afterward on the patio. Most recently, I decided to set up shop and do some work from one of the comfy chairs on the outdoor patio which allowed me to enjoy the gorgeous Arizona weather and still get some work done. They do an excellent job of making the hotel amenities comfortable and welcoming.   For hotel guests, if you are planning to stay here, be sure to look into staying in one of the rooms that sit on the man made lake. They have great patios right on the water so when you wake up, you could have breakfast on the lake! It doesn't get much better than that.
tenKOmTRi2rjZAWwNCDv6w	casual	Daahhling, I'll have a gin and tonic. If you don't feel fabulous here, then you don't have any imagination.   I love the decor, it's fun to hang out here and have drinks at night. I've also had breakfast here before too, it was pretty good and certainly a different feel from the saucy evening there before, but it still had the same effect on me, that I was ab-fab.   Hanging out by the pool is fun too, smaller than I thought it would be though. (that's what she said)
NB6o73F05lw23zpC79qoUg	casual	Eh. It's alright. If you want to have a couple of drinks and watch chicks make complete fools of themselves on the mechanical bull, be my guest. For food and other, don't bother. I suppose the crowd is a nice change of pace amongst Old Town's usual suspects but if you go expecting a bunch of cowboys (and cowgirls), best to turn around and go up north. Somewhere. Far. The food's crap, the service (at least the server we had) was nice but a little slow (or deaf? or on something?). I will give it 3 stars, 1 for crowd, 1 for entertainment, and 1 for just being different. Word of advice, skip the nachos my friends. *** Edit: My boyfriend would probably give this place 5 stars for the music they play. Lot's of rock, some heavy metal, old hair bands, and some new stuff mixed in there. No Rap. I give it that much. It was definitely good music.
TAlmdEr0RNWZh9IiUS_BLA	fine	"5 BIG STARS For service and quality of meal, restaurants really don't get any better than this. Multiple servers, dressed in NY black are constantly there for you. This restaurant prides itself in using local products & blending them into traditional meals, ala Alice Waters, and they do an excellent job. For starters, we had (are you ready?): -""Macerated Local Vine Ripened Heirloom Tomatoes, Fossil Creek Goat Cheese & Mascarpone Tart,"" including Buckwheat & Saguaro Seed Tart, Basil foamed from the garden, Black Ice, and Gila River Olive Oil; and -""Pan Flashed White & Green Asparagus with Chanterelles & Cholla Buds,"" including Chanterelle Mushroom Fondue, Desert Quail Egg (sunny side up), Red Currents and Aged Sherry. And that was just the beginning! For dinner we had: -""Veal Ribeye Rubbed with Sandalwood, Dry Mole & Green Chile Sand,"" including Mesquite Cooked Desert Fruit Chutney, Truffle Frites, and Rutabaga Cobbler; and -""Local Pecan Crusted Colorado Lamb with Native Seeds SEARCH Mole,"" including Pastry Tapenade of Fennel, QC Olives, Eggplant, Wild Mushrooms, Heirloom Tomatoes & Iitoi Onions. Everything was exquisite! This meal was to die for! Any complaints at all? Well, yes, but very minor. This place is actually in a Sheraton, but I guess that insures a good stream of patrons that can afford such meals. And the decor? Not very good. It needs a serious MAKEOVER. Wall-hangings, window treatments & carpeting aren't much. So there you are..."
iV7D7fHKb-bF9fCL_bEMtA	fine	Two words for you. Mouth. Orgasm Wifey and I decided to eat here for our 5 year wedding anniversary. I have to say this is one of the best meals I've ever eaten, hands down. We bought a Restaurant.com gift certificate that cost $10.00 for a $50.00 Gift Certificate. They also have half priced bottles of wine on Friday nights as well. I went with the 5 course menu. I chose 2 of the dishes, and let the chef pick the other three. We started out with the Crudo Cheese plate that was phenomenal! It had goat cheese, goat feta, goat mozarella (sooo good), cherry compote, roasted dates, tomatoes, cured lamb jerky, smoked olives and truffles with toast. If that doesn't give you a food stiffy, your not human. The first dish I had, which was one I picked, was the butterfish crudo. It was served with oven roasted tomatoes and lardo with some sort of escebeche type sauce, hands down my favorite plate in Phoenix right now. Holey cow! Next, I had the albacore crudo with truffles, apples, black garlic and pepper. Another amazing dish. My next dish was one the chef selected as well, it was their Japanese Fish Market Special. I don't recall the type of fish, but it was good. I felt bad for this plate though, it had to follow some illlll dishes. The 4th course I had was the mushroom gratin. It had hen of the woods, crimini, potato and was topped with an egg. I felt it was just too much, a little clunky. That's probably just my taste though, there was nothing wrong with the execution of the dish. I finished with the roasted veal served with parmesan creamy polenta. Friggin amazing, I wanted to whisper sweet nothing into it's ear and smack it on the boohiney. We went with a great bottle of Nebbiolo, that was exceptional. The service was excellent. At first I was kind of weirded out with the restaurant being inside a retail shop, but we moved to one of the high top tables and it felt more like a quaint little cafe. What a great meal, fargin amazing!! Pics to come
YvQKDmSQqs-R7vPEWV2EiA	fast	I'm a bit of a sandwich addict. This place has the BEST tuna in town, hands down! Cheaper than Jimmy Johns, a bit more than Subway - but the fresh, locally sourced ingredients make up for it. It gets a little packed at lunch hour, so I recommend calling or faxing your order in first.   Try the #4 or #10! The potato salad is also amazing. I have not had a chance to make it in for breakfast, but I want to. A few times, I ended up going down the street to the second location because they ran out of bread (they are that good). The other location is a lot less busy and you might get hit on by one of the dudes there, but this one has Renee behind the register and she rocks (and also owns).
nBaXh8dRLsX_9Ndyvsnv5w	casual	Even though I don't drink beer, I've been going to Rock Bottom since I lived in San Diego. And have always had a decent experience.  I stopped in for lunch. I got the Mac and cheese with NO chicken , it comes with a salad. Huge portions, Cold plate and chilled fork for the salad was a nice touch. The Mac and cheese was piping hot and really good. (see pics)  Two people could have shared the mac and cheese, I couldn't finish it, even though I wanted to.  Friendly waitress, refilled my drink and brought my check in a timely manner.
4r9-iKOagzn5oUvPE9Bz4Q	fast	"This review is based on delivery, service and food quality as delivered.  Second and last time I will be ordering from this place. The first time they forgot a few items and were very off for delivery time.   Tonight I Ordered at 11:03 PM, estimated delivery at 11:50 updated to 11:54 PM (from a whopping 1.5 miles away to add). 11:54 comes and goes. Call them, at 12:07 AM now, I am told they are on their way (1.5 miles away keep in mind). Call back at 12:40 AM to cancel my order as I do not want to eat at 1:00 AM. They actually come to deliver while I am on hold waiting at 12:44 AM. My ""hot sub"" is ice cold, there's nothing like the taste of cold greasy bacon and chicken close to 1:00 AM on a Monday (now Tuesday) night...if you are going to take nearly 2 hours to deliver this, at least make sure the temperature is somewhat close to where it is supposed to be....never again silver mine...never again.  This place probably has a ""good taste potential"". Unfortunately, like most ""hot food"" the taste quality substantially decreases the longer it sits...in a fridge, alley, or wherever they decided to leave it for nearly 2 hours. If you feel the need to get food from here..for the love of sub kings please just DON'T GET DELIVERY!"
tS12t_uuiCGAryiNaRmF9w	casual	My sis recommend this place for our weekly dinner. We shared on of the large appetizer platters (hummus, baba ganoush, tabouli and dolmades and two pitas). Very good and perfect for a light dinner. I would have to say the best thing was the fresh lemonade...wow! If you like tart you'll love this.   I thought overall the service was great. Not only was our waitress extremely attentive but the manager stopped by to make sure we were enjoying our food  I give The Flaming Kabob 3 stars!
1Duul3qCnLrNak1Np-iHfw	fast	Drinking + Arcade Games. This should be an obvious winner, right? Wrong.  Oh, how wrong.   Eating here is like eating in a casino, only less classy and with worse food.   Beers are overpriced but absolutely necessary to make it through the event.   Those combo deals that include beers and a game card seem like a good idea, until it's 45 minutes later, you're out of points, you're nowhere near drunk and you've already spent $40.  If you go late, try not to get syphilis when you walk by San Felipe's.
WO8I1ab_MLQ-4M1wIEzTag	fast	Oh god. It's like GOD'S VERY OWN HOT POCKET. Fresh, delicious, and cooked perfectly, though I have trouble bringing myself to get anything but The Pilgrim (served with turkey, cubed sweet potatoes, onions, and deliciousness). Cornish Pasty is great, though you'll likely want to consider takeout: it's TINY and finding a table can be a real pain.  The staff is fun and helpful, even though they're quite harried, and the oven-roasted potatoes are fantastic, as are nearly all of the pasty options, all priced damn well, to boot. If you've never been, they'll almost certainly have something you like. My only problem is that nothing is customizable: they're all served as is, which I understand from a production standpoint, but which frustrates for the number of menu items with just one dealbreaking ingredient for me.  Overall, it's exceedingly easy to be a regular, and to feel VERY full, careful not to eat the crimped part of the pasty, just like the tin miners of yore so as to avoid the traces of arsenic from their dirty hands.
QxpX4slDIOGFEHlPV4mrSw	fast	These are some great cheesesteaks. I have come here multiplier times and have never left unhappy. The staff are nice and the food is delicious. Also try the 'Cheesesteak Fries' they are freakin amazing! I am glad I work next to this place, always a great lunch.
3oLy0rlzRI_xiqfQHqC4_g	casual	Very pleasant hip restaurant. Try as many Bruchetta options as you can; each order comes with 4 pieces (potentially 4 different toppings), and all the ones I got were delicious: Brie & Apples with Fig Spread, Tomato Jam & Fresh Sheeps Milk Cheese, Prosciutto with Figs & Mascarpone, and Fresh Mozzarella with Tomato & Basil.
qb4PzVr19bXXLBf71dd5kQ	casual	"I went to Saba's feeling a little scared. Fast food Greek in a strip mall? This could go one of two ways...surprisingly good or health code violation bad. I am very glad to say it didn't end being the latter. In fact, the food here was pretty damn good. I did expect Saba's to be an order at the counter joint, so I was a little disappointed to see it was actually a tiny restaurant. I like my Greek fast and cheap, okay? But I got over it, got a table and began the interminable wait for our server to stop chatting with other diners and take our order. The menu has all the normal Greek items, including falafel- little fried balls of joy I might add- gyros, vegetarian platters, spanakopita and dolmas. Prices for the sandwiches and gyros are pretty cheap, but when you venture into the platter territory, you're going to pay for it. Platters start around $10 and go up. I ordered the falafel, of course, and so did my boyfriend. The pita sandwiches don't come with any sides, so we ordered a basket of fries to go along with our meal. The dcor was pretty cool with big pictures of Greece all over the walls and the classic Greek music piped in. Unfortunately, not even the Greek music could mask the hideous, loud tool of a diner that was sitting at the table in front of me. He was one of those idiots that has to talk so loud, even the half-deaf cook in the kitchen can hear him. He was so loud I felt like I should respond to his questions. Hey moron- saying things like ""I like it loose, like my women,"" is just not funny. Anyways, when we finally got our food, it was really good. The falafel pita and the fries were tasty, but our server sucked. He obviously knew the loud tool, and kept chatting with him while we waited for our check. That was a little annoying, but overall, Saba's is a good choice for a quick Greek meal."
pdxyZdnwltQXcu-kD5rpXQ	casual	3.5 stars  Fast friendly service and the food was good.   I ordered Hung Pao rice bowl, while it was not huge and loaded with things it was plenty for a lunch size. The food tasted good.   We ordered it Sunday evening for dinner. Orange chicken, General Tso chicken and chicken fried rice. ALL with white meat. While I really like the fact you can get all white meat, it was a little dry. Perhaps the way it was sliced and not in small cubes? All the food was good but not the best I have had.   I would order again.
ZLVX6bQt8HJH5d4pq5EJGQ	casual	Wings + Beer + Football = LOVE  I am such a girly girl 99% of the time but come fall, I sort of turn into a dude.....  This is not my most favorite place to catch the game, but a good alternative when I want to mix it up or my team is on a bye week. Good selection of boneless wing flavors.  Oh god, just writing this makes me yearn for the season to begin!!!!!!!!!!!
qiFTZ7aJz-FXt1wz8YigAA	casual	We've eaten at Taneko twice now, and while we like it, it's awful expensive for what you get, and I prefer a more authentic Japanese environment. Taneko starts off wanting to be a Japanese-style pub restaurant, but ends up throwing way too much Scottsdale into it creating a rather pretentious yet still yummy restaurant. The food is excellent - I enjoy the pork meal that has the stupidly spicy mustard sauce. My kid likes the fried rice, though it is a little too much on the ginger side. There's a gimmicky hot-rock appetizer where you cook pieces of steak on a super hot rock. It's way too expensive for what little meat you get, but it's an awful lot of fun. The service is excellent as well, though maybe a little too servile for my tastes. The wait staff go WAY out of their way to make you comfortable and quickly take care of any needs. I just don't care for all of the introductions - I'm not going to remember the names of the 4 or 5 people bringing me stuff. Still, I think that's the Scottsdale influence. Not bad, but not really my thing. Overall, I've enjoyed both of the meals that I ate at Taneko, but with better places to eat real Japanese food like Yasu, Sea Saw, Hiro's and even Sakana, I'm probably not going back real soon.
SMaed6DT2GCRlM-kFIl-eQ	fine	I discovered this hidden gem while shopping at TJ's and returned for Happy Hour between 4 and 6:30 from T-F. The patio is in the afternoon shade and far enough off Scottsdale Road to avoid street noise. The seven Tapas (appetizers) attracted my interest and I ended up selecting 1) ebi prawn with grilled fennel, 2) tartine of bouillabaisse and 3) Medjul dates with merguez sausage, sugar cured bacon for the Happy Hour price of 3 for $10 vs the normal 3 for $15. The single prawn was large and equal in quality to the fresh prawns I had just tasted in New Zealand plus the fennel added more flavor. The tartine of bouillabaisse was mostly small shrimp but again very tasty and tempting to order a bowl the next time around. The three Medjul dates with sausage/bacon was an unusual combination to my culinary experience and superb in flavor. The select wines were about half the normal price and a definite value at $5 per glass. In talking with the waiter I noticed there is live jazz on Fridays between 5 and 8. I will definitely have to return on a Friday to try the other tappas and listen to the Swedish singer who sings some songs in German... see tappas photo... Update 4-25-08 - Happy Hour season ended this week... tappas special no longer available but the thin crust pepperoni makes a good starter. Entrees are in the $$$ range...
corPOxxIBRJ7DSpryYvorw	fast	I used to live off this place. They cut their meats and cheeses fresh like a real deli, so already it kicks the shit out of Subway, Quiznos, and every other fast food deli chain that offers up pre-packaged meats. Their bread and cookies are fresh as well. For some reason, this location has better tasting food than any other Port-o-Subs I've been to. Don't know why.  There's always a long line at lunch, but it moves fast. There's some good people watching to be done here - cops eat here, firemen eat here, doctors and nurses eat here, and you also get the entire spectrum of downtown Scottsdale folk... sometimes you would think you arrived at a costume party or they are filming a new Village People video. I don't know what it is and I don't know that it matters either, but good looking people eat here. Whatever you want to make of that...   Most of the people that work here are really nice and competent. They keep this place pretty clean as well. Once I noticed some fruit flies buzzing around by the soda machine and was told they sometimes come with the fresh fruit they get for the smoothies (which are fantastic). Outside of that, I can't complain about this sub shop and I eat here all the time... it's almost just about as good as a non-chain place.
57-dgZzOnLox6eudArRKgw	fine	4 stars based on the sangria alone.  Order this motherfucker by the PITCHER, without apology.  If you can sit out on the patio, so much the better. if not, grab a comfortable booth near the bar.
XHr5mXFgobOHoxbPJxmYdg	casual	This is my favorite place to go for Greek food. The owners are from Greece and frequently several family members are present.  The food is delicious, large portions, friendly service. I wish they were located in Surprise, but they are worth the drive.
VS6eeO_IxSW0pQOWPtXSEg	casual	Ok, this is coming from sombody that is not a fan of the Cheesecake factory. My cousin, her friend, and I walk into the the restaurant and decided to eat in the bar area. We had a very sweet waitperson, Summer. She rocked with suggestions and her personality was great. I had one of their smoothies, just like the one at Cheesecake Factory. It was good, but I have had better at Jumba Juice. I ended up having their angel hair pasta, my cousin had a chicken salad, and friend #3 decided that he would just mooch off our plates. The reason why I hate these types of places is that they give you WAY TOO MUCH FOOD! Why do they do that? Especially with people, like me, that learned that they better clean off their whole plate? I just gained 10 pounds. Food was nothing spectacular. My cousin then ordered the Splenda Cheesecake, that she said tastes horrible. (She had the one at Cheesecake Factory, which she thinks is awesome) 5 stars to the lovely Summer (or was it Winter...I can't remember now...crap!) My cousin actually left her money on the booth. She called the restaurant and Summer actually said she found it and was holding it for her just in case she came back for it. Extra plus for honesty that I didn't even think existed in the world anymore. 2 stars for the mediocre food. And 3 stars to the host stand...a story that I don't have enough energy to even type here.
StiQ_lcCY8sX4JI-J6Mufg	casual	"I always feel a sense of guilt having to write a less than stellar review after meeting the owner of a restaurant.   Lucia was Beautiful and sweet, and a pleasure to meet, my lunch, however, was not fit to eat.   I ordered the THE HUMM-DINGER VEGAN WRAP: Roasted artichoke, zucchini, red bell pepper, onion, fresh spinach and hummus with a balsamic reduction drizzle, with a side of fruit and the sun dried tomato wrap.   Notice it says ""Roasted"", the cashier told me the Veggies were ""Grilled"". Unfortunately, to my dismay, they were neither.   Everything inside was heated up, by either stove or microwave, I'd guess the latter, and the ""Sun Dried Tomato Wrap"" was thin, doughy and utterly flavorless, not to mention a shocking pink color, which I'm sure was due to being naturally colored with beet juice, but did not help make things anymore appetizing. The fruit was a soggy pile of your typical pre-cut cantaloupe, honey dew mix.   It was not what I was expecting AT ALL, when I think of a grilled veggie wrap, I imagine tasting all those veggies bursting with flavor after caramelizing on the grill, they had no flavor though. I also did not expect the temperature to be Hot, chilled would have been better in my opinion if the veggies had actually bee grilled that is.   This lunch to me was less than average and as I sat there will my full plate in front of me I was asked how my meal was, I clearly stated my concerns as I have here and was simply told that it was a ""Best Seller"".   Lucia did send over a piece of chocolate cake, which was appreciated, but unfortunately missed the mark since I'm Vegan and the desserts aren't.   Honestly, in my opinion, aside from the market, most of the menu items are anything but healthy.   The 3 stars is for the market, my food would have been 1.  And that folks is why I am the Lunch Snob!"
JiLK9QPjd53pOBEAaY83lw	casual	Although a bit pricey (hence the 4 stars), the martinis are GREAT, as is the food (the cobb salad is the best I've ever had).  Good service, cool crowd... can't wait until I can go back, which sadly is not soon enough now that I live in San Diego.
jtzhY-P4H6WSYpv5rWhxtw	casual	Probably more worthy of 3.5 stars. Damn the Yelp constraints! Marketplace was pretty busy tonight now that you can actually go out in the evening without a gentle breeze feeling more like a blow torch in your face. In spite of that, our wait to be seated was fairly quick. But where was our server? Outside listening to the band? We need liquid refreshment! Finally our server arrived and apologized for the wait at the same time the manager arrived and also apologized and comped us an appetizer. Wow! We hadn't even complained. We had the hummus which was very tasty but a little thin and a mango tandoori chicken pizza. Nice combination of sweet mango, spicy curry sauce, and the grilled chicken. Service was excellent once we got over the initial bump. While I usually don't plan to go to CPK, it's nice to know this one is there.
JuBygU4XDjqSeW9okyvbsQ	fast	This wendy's is terrible. I grew up going to Wendy's but recently the whole chain has become disgusting. This one is just a slow, disgusting chain. Blah, rather eat pretty much any where else.
qW9UysjJw3y3CwEbzruEEw	casual	Oooh! A shiny new pizza spot! I have been told time and time again to try Barro's, so the opening of this location was the perfect opportunity to put it to my pepperoni and mushroom test. All I can say is What Took Me So Long!? This pizza is GOOD! Zesty sauce, ample topping coverage and a puffy pillow-like outer crust. It looks like it would be chewy, but it is not. How do they do that? Some sort of pizza alchemy, I am sure. This location is brand new. The dark wood floors and high-backed booths (that don't yet have butt-indentations from previous guests) are not the typical plastic red/green/white decor what you would expect from a casual pizza restaurant. The staff is friendly, both on the phone and in person, which is nice. In addition to fantastic whole pies, they also have inexpensive lunch specials (2 slices and a soda for $4 is my favorite!) until 4pm every day. My only small sadness is that this location does not deliver to my house (even though it is closer than the Barro's that does cover my delivery area). Oh well, I like this one and will probably visit more than is good for me!
yZbPvIa_7nt7ekxi31SkUA	fast	Still love their product, but their online ordering process just doesn't work.  First time, my order was sent to the wrong market.  Second time, I was shorted a package of chops.  I checked the bag before I left the market, so it was only a minor inconvenience.  Third time I ordered bacon, which was listed as available on the web site, and then contacted and advised it was not and may not be available for a few weeks.  Since I paid upon ordering, I had to go through the hassle of waiting for a refund.  I've also noticed inconsistency in portion size which is a problem considering you pay by product, rather than pound.  Boneless chops should be roughly 6-oz each, yet I've received 4-oz chops at times, resulting in 50% less product for the same price.  Not a deal breaker for me, but something to consider.  I continue to purchase from these guys regularly, but no longer try to order ahead.  And I do wish they would have bacon available more often!
TRD-6PxJX2fWL91dRrny6A	casual	Just isn't very good. I don't understand why people give this place even three stars. It's rare for me to give a place a low rating, but, My Big Fat Greek restaurant is nothing but gimmick anymore and has gone from bad to worse. The food is not even close to any representation of what good Greek food tastes like. I've been to this place several times over the years. This location and others. It used to be just on the lower end of OK... it's never been as good as you can get from a 'Ma and 'Pa place. However, we went for lunch the other day and it's just gotten to the point I wouldn't even go back for a quick bite. We ordered the garlic hummus, and it was overly full of garlic and not home made. It seemed to be loaded with garlic powder, as opposed to fresh hummus that just had roasted garlic in it. The olives we ordered were rough at best. UGH even thinking about them. Overly seasoned and not very fresh. The rice was over cooked and was so soft it lacked any sort of texture. The first rule of good let, alone great food, is FRESH. This place needs a rescue. Less critical, but, I think an overall representation of what has happened to the place, the menu's were totally trashed. As in ratty, tattered, and dirty. The lamination was coming off them and they were dirty. Do yourself a favor and go elsewhere.
N84LyJdpPLoGc6Pg2Y46iQ	fine	"Those of us ""foodies"" know that if the company is not good, the food is not good...regardless...which is why I am happy to give Bar North such a great review. I was there with a terrific group of people [STAR 1]. We were able to relax on the patio (with clean furniture, I might add) overlooking the fountains, in an intimate setting where we could hear one another [STAR 2]. The wine list was good, at a fair (i.e., expected) price [STAR 3]. The appetizers and salads were awesome [STAR 4]. And the waitstaff (Damn, I wish I could remember her name!) was incredible [STAR 5]. 'nough said."
jEWfxxA_kjeJE_Z_ku3zLA	casual	Copper Star is a great example of adaptive use in the heart of the Melrose curve. Who would have thought that a building initially designed to provide fuel to cars would so work so well serving fuel to humans? Their coffee is locally roasted and, while not my favorite, is well above average in Phoenix. Their drive-thru is a great feature for those mornings when I'm running late. For the coffee adverse, Copper Star serves chai, tea, smoothies, Italian sodas, and some unique drinks including a black cherry limeade. Foodwise, there is a wide selection of baked goods,including some of the best bagels. They also have decent lunch offerings, such as sandwiches and a tasty hummus platter. But where they shine is their 'home baked' cupcakes. (I've seen Mayor Gordon here on several occasions getting his cupcake fix!) Despite being in a converted gas station/garage, the atmosphere is quite a bit more cozy than most of the other coffee shops in central Phoenix. While the sandblasted block walls and exposed ceiling let that building's industrial past peak through, this is offset by rotating art work and selection of comfortable (if a bit dingy) couches and easy chairs as well as small bistro tables and long 'work' tables to choose from. The staff is friendly and helpful, and the owner, Bill, is a great neighborhood resource. He can tell you anything and everything going on along 7th Ave. All in all a good place to grab a coffee and cupcake, meet a friend or get some old fashioned reading done. I can't recommend it for serious work requiring internet access, however, as the wifi access remains intermittent at best.
i9LWPgDrCRaHfXpSk4TjUQ	casual	"Mediocre, bland, low quality food topped off with painfully slow service. I worked in the neighborhood and continued to return occasionally ""just in case it's gotten better"", for reasons I could never fathom once the plate of abysmal food was placed on the table. The salsa and rice are usually good, but that's the most I have to offer."
XvQDPOu2oTdNPx8kiiTYow	casual	"This, my friends, is THE place to get some very authentic Chinese food.   The servings are HUGE for what you're paying...shucks, they are huge no matter which way you look at it so be careful not to order too much food unless you want leftovers. Who doesn't like leftover Chinese food anyway?  My recommendations are the Sweet and Sour chicken, the Egg Foo Yung and the chow mein. You will not be disappointed.  You'll also find the soups on the back of the menu at an average of 4 bucks or so. You will be pleasantly surprised when you get the bowl...it can feed at least 6 people. She will bring small bowls out and serve it for you right at the table. Give the hot and sour soup a try.  As for the service, it depends on how you look at it. Don't be afraid to get up and refill your own water. Shoot, the waitress is the only one that's there, give her a break already. She must own the joint with her husband because there is always this little kid in the corner playing on his laptop. So, get your own water and your own take home containers if you want. She doesn't have a problem with it.  Yes, the place is a little worn but you don't go there to look at pretty stuff. It's not dirty, just broke down. You'd be broke down too if you practically gave away your food in abundance to your customers. Who has money for new furniture if you take care of your customers bellies.  The lobster, crab and fish are fresh and cheap. Try finding lobster somewhere else in the valley for 10 bucks a pound, I dare ya.   So, head on out, just don't go on a Wednesday, that's their day off. They are open 11AM to 11PM every other day though. You can call in your order and pick it up if you don't want to look at the place.  Oh yeah, and if you ever go in there and it smells horrid, it's not the place, it's a popular dish that some customers order called ""Salty Fish"". It stinks to all heck! If that plate comes out I usually pack up my food, giggle and finish my meal at home. I don't mind one bit, that's just the way it is.  Oh and the waitress does speak good English, however, you wont find many Caucasians frequenting this place. That means the food is pretty authentic!"
xI0UZH734lJtm39DbLf-Bw	fast	I went here a few months ago, well I guess when they first opened, whenever that was (the fall of 2010 maybe). Anyways I am a vegan so asked about their vegan options. They said that pretty much everything was made with lard (I didnt know that people really still used that) but they said that they had a vegan burrito. I was assured that there wasnt any kind of un-vegan ingredients (such as cheese) in it. I ordered the vegan burrito with much skepticism. Once I got home and got about half way through the burrito I got a big mouth full of CHEESE!!   I was so upset because I was assured that it was vegan and did not come with cheese. But even worse,  I think that they started putting cheese on the burrito and then realized that it was supposed to be the vegan burrito with no cheese and they just kind of picked what cheese they could off and left the cheese that they couldnt easily pick off on there. I am not positive thats what happened but im pretty sure.  Anyways aside from the fact that they REALLY messed up my order, the burrito was just okay. It was really pretty greasy. My fiance on the other hand seems to enjoy this place, he gave it 4 stars. He said that it is a good place for greasy mexican, and on Wednesdays you can get a huge burrito for only 5 dollars.
wjnqiWyMtZ7G_267lkwOng	fine	We have gone to two Grimaldi's locations.  This location is closer to where we live than the Old Town Scottsdale location and easier to access due to a better parking situation.  We usually start with the small Antipasto (it helps keep the kids busy while we wait for our pizza).  My favorite part of the Antipasto is the red peppers, they are very flavorful and compliment the dish well.  We always order two pizzas, one small with cheese for the boys (there is no kids menu) and one large with half pepperoni, half garlic for my husband and I.  The quality of the pizza is always consistently great.  The garlic is not overpowering and is complimented well by the coal-fired flavor from the oven.  The pepperoni is very tasty and even a little on the spicy side.  The pizza is so fresh and delicious we have to persuade ourselves into saving some slices for the next day.  We love to have a cold slice for breakfast!  The only issue we have had at this location is plates with food residue.  We asked our server for two clean plates and one of them was dirty as well. He returned with another clean one and we had no other issues.  We only had an issue with the plates one time, so I would not say it is a chronic problem.  We always finish with a cannoli, they are too good to pass up!  They are filled with a rich cream with chocolate chips mixed in and sprinkled on top.  It is the perfect ending to a great meal!  Overall we always have a good experience when we go to Grimaldi's.  We have never had to wait for a table at this location, which is great when dining out with children!  I always recommend Grimaldi's to my co-workers and friends who are looking for great pizza.  On our last visit I got a free one topping large pizza for my birthday after I signed up for their mailing list! Great perk for a fan of Grimaldi's!  I would recommend giving them a shot if you appreciate a great slice!
ahKN6wh6z2vZsd8C7AyG5A	fast	The best fast food Mexican I have had in town, complete with super cold Mexican sodas on ice. I had a barbacoa, lengua, tripita and chicharon taco.  2 hours later and I am still full, and haven't made a made clenching dash to the bathroom yet, so I'd say it was a good meal.  The chicharon was delicious, like a taco full of bacon!!!
k8q3ypIoIzchdp3RoRUsJw	casual	"I moved from Philly this past summer and I've searched all over the Valley for a ""GOOD"" Pizza. After eating lots of tasteless and cardboard pizza, I found Momma Mia when I moved into Arcadia! I love the hole in the wall vibe! Just like home :) The sauce is great and super tasty! The dough tastes slightly sweet and is fluffy..It's what makes the pizza so great and there is a brickoven!! I love it! My husband and I order the pizza/wing special .The wings are so hot and spicy ( we order the hot, but it comes in buffalo and mild) They have an extensive menu of pasta, sandwiches and salads. I want to try their Philly Steak next, but for the time being I still make mine at home.  Every pizza place likes to say its ""New York Style"", but this place really does a NYC pizza. Well the best nyc pizza you're gonna get in AZ, Something about the water."
3tk6Syyz5i967Ifuz_4o3w	fine	Cin Cin pronounced CHIN CHIN which means cheers in Italian!  This is a great little bistro type lounge. It is a posh little lounge with unique little decorations and a small patio great for small groups.  The food here is excellent the service is good and this place is never real busy so it is a nice place to enjoy a quick bite before you do the club scene so you don't get extremely wasted on an empty stomach, a great little starter place for you and some friends.  The location is great too, right across from the W and and down the street from Axis N Radius, Suede, and PCL. This is definitely a good spot to meet at for before binge drinking in old town.   I got a bottle of Pelgrino water and the stuff portabello mushroom, with the vinaigrette spinach. This was excellent probably one of the better portabello mushroom meals I have eaten around the valley.
WSIr2hliGiJKaYQdODBbDQ	fine	"As I passed the velvet rope flanked by shiny, exotic cars I knew I was in for an experience.  Some might call it a fine-dining experience, but clearly this was something more.  A tribute to opulence and Regan-era excess, Dominick's is your seven-figure foodie fantasy come alive; from the moment you enter the swanky foyer to the gleaming 10 inch tower of tiramisu that finishes your meal.  It's glittery, bedazzled, and oozing pretension - and I loved it.  The Service My visit to Dominick's was the night after it's official opening.  The service tried very hard to be as impeccable as the surroundings and, while not perfect, the charming staff and the sincere effort put forth made little things like missing napkins and bread plates instantly forgivable.  Our server, Drew, let us know that the wait staff only had 2 - 3 tables each and it was very evident in the personal service we received.  A few more weeks of experience for the staff should easily iron out the little wrinkles.  The Food We started with the jumbo shrimp appetizer, which unfortunately came with 3 shrimp - hardly conducive to sharing - so we ordered two. And ""Jumbo"" they certainly were, accompanied by a kicky cocktail sauce which my dinner companion felt was spicy enough.  Ever the daredevil, I added additional horseradish to mine because who doesn't like to burn the inside of their nostrils at dinner. For the main course we both had the 9-oz filet, lobster gnocchi and steamed asparagus.  My filet was a perfect rare-plus with a dark pink center, expertly seared and juicy. Surprisingly the lobster gnocchi really stole the show for me.  I'm not big on starches or cream sauces so when it was suggested I wasn't particularly excited; I should have been.  The dough was light and fluffy, the cream sauce not too rich and the lobster added the perfect amount of salt & texture. After dinner I indulged in a grand marnier while my companion ordered the tiramisu.  He was presented with a 10 inch tall hunk of cake that could easily have been intended for 4 people.  The tiramisu was spongy and light, with a lovely cool custard and only a subtle flavor of rum.  A nice finish to an excellent meal.    Atmosphere We were lucky enough to score a poolside table which started off as very romantic but over the course of the evening became quite the place for people watching.  The scene at the small bar area on the 2nd floor was bustling and both the waiters and I wondered aloud how long it would be before a guest fell in the pool.  I bet they didn't make it through the weekend without someone making a splash."
v8Tz2WYLTsD3HV3nu5hevQ	casual	So, I avoided this place like the plague for the longest time.  No reason really, it just never caught my attention.  It always seemed to be empty, which led me to believe it must not be that great.  Well, don't judge a book until you walk in and try the spaghetti!   The Bollo Neapolitan has been my favorite pasta so far and the steak sandwich is to die for.  I'm telling you- I never order steak sandwiches and I fell in love!   I've tried a few of the other pastas and they were ok, but the Bollo Neapolitan was my fav with the runner up being the Garlic Shrimp Pasta.  Now for the Negatives.  The chicken on the pasta just never really tastes right to me.  I don't know what it is, but it has a very gamey taste.  The dishes I've tried without chicken have been far superior in my view.    Finally, I've never seen this place packed.  That can be a negative or a positive depending on my mood, but I would like to see a few more patrons.  So, if you don't want to wait in line at the other Italian joint in the AMC 30 complex (Macaroni Grill) or are looking for a non chain option, check out Neapolitan! The service has always been great too.  Bottom Line: I'm glad to finally have a decent Italian choice when going to the movies at AMC 30.
3YrW77yHkp3JIyTGYCS_Nw	casual	I had my doubts about Cream Stereo Lounge beacause I didn't like the name of the place and I heard that they played a lot of house and techno music. I've been sick of all the Scottsdale staples like Myst, Axis, SIX, PCL, etc.... so I thought I would give Cream a try and I ended up liking the place a lot. Everyone there was very friendly and the DJ played a lot of good songs to dance to. If you're sick of going to the same bars in Old Town give Cream a try.
o2rrTbAxGXrdQKQvKDcGiA	casual	The Montelucia Resort is home to Crave Cafe, and the fact that I was blown away by how beautiful the resort is has nothing to do with how impressed I was with Crave. What are you craving at the moment? Perhaps a cup of coffee? a scoop of gelato? an empanada? gourmet pastry? homemade tomato soup? perhaps a panini sandwich filled with turkey, cheese, grilled eggplant, and cranberry compote? red wine? magazine? fresh fruit? Diet Coke? Whatever your 'crave-ing' - Crave has it all! In addition to pretty much anything your heart desires, Crave also has an extremely friendly staff and offers limited seating (in and outside) with gorgeous views of Camelback mountain. After a full tour of the resort, we were hungry for lunch and decided to have a quick bite at Crave... We shared a sandwich, slice of quiche, and tomato soup - all of it was delicious! I am sure I'll be craving a return trip to the Montelucia sometime soon, and when I do, I'm sure I'll pop into Crave for whatever I need at that time.
oN8fAdw2monO8DTwntZKkw	casual	"""Tanked Fish"" is one of my favorite places in the neighborhood and we frequent it often. Rolls are of a great quality and there are some rather unusual and pleasantly different ones there. Price is very reasonable. And drinks selection, if not overly excessive, is ""Cool"". Place is not riddled with kids, like many other places are, and you can actually kick back and have a conversation there. One one of the weekday evenings they have this special thing where you can request your musical choice from this rather large list. Its real neat. What else is neat - their happy hour on Wednesday (I am not sure what day exactly to be honest. Call them if you really want to know.), when drinks, starters and most rolls are 1/2! This really makes a huge difference. I gave this place 4 starts. This is pretty much as high as it goes for me for this. ""I like"" Eugene"
5I3H_dsz7u90rir67QJq_w	fine	"Known as ""The Jewel of the Desert"" and the ""Grand Dame,"" this beautiful hotel is the only one in the world with a Frank Lloyd Wright-influenced design.  The architect was a man named Albert Chase McArthur, who had studied under Frank Lloyd Wright.  Hence, the main restaurant's name is ""Frank and Albert's.""  Celebrating its 80th birthday this year, this unique art-deco resort is rich in history.  Dozens of presidents have golfed here, Marilyn Monroe splashed around in one of the 8 on-site pools, and many more celebrities and industry magnates have called this their temporary home.  When visiting here, it is important to note that on-site parking is costly.  A self parking fee of $12 is imposed even on its guests, and the self parking lot is often located some distance from the hotel entrance.  For those not wanting to bother with parking the car themselves, the price is$27 to valet.  The package I purchased luckily had the self-parking included, but the car was delivered to the valet nonetheless.  I was sure to speak to a hotel manager about how ridiculous it is to ask a hotel guest to pay for parking, and he happily credited our room for the valet fee.  So, my first experience was our dinner at ""Frank and Albert's"", formerly known as the ""Biltmore Grill.""  Local purveyors provide the ingredients for nearly all of its organic dishes.  From Queen Creek Olive Oil to Shriner's Sausage, Mesa Ranch Goat Cheese to Biltmore grown Rosemary, one can taste the difference.  The menu provided a range of selections from salads, pizzas, and flatbreads, to rotisserie and classic comfort foods.  The wood stone baked filet of salmon was flavorful, tender, and full of tender feelings. I recommend their ""bloody rose"" cocktail.  I snicker as I write these words, because bloody marys are my least favorite cocktail.  However, this unique blend is made with crop organic tomato vodka and juice, fresh biltmore grown rosemary and spices.  Service was attentive and timely, waiter was very knowledgeable, and we were very impressed with the quality and flavor of the food.    Next, it was on to the newly added wing of the resort, the Ocatilla.  The Ocatilla is essentially a new boutique hotel situated on the Biltmore property.  It has its own pool, a concierge, and an executive lounge which offers daily complimentary breakfasts, a light evening fare, beer and wine, desserts, as well as coffee and soft drinks.Our package included a room on the third floor of this location, as well as access to its executive lounge.    Although our stomachs were full from dinner, we made room for chocolate covered cheesecake, choc. covered strawberries, fudge brownies, tarts, and chocolate chunk cookies.  We swallowed it all down with some prosecco, and headed up to our room.  The room was at least 500sq feet, and I believe that the rest of the hote has fairly sizeable rooms, as well.  The decor was a blend of art deco and southwestern.  The bathroom with its granite countertops, boasted a tub with sea salts and candle, in which we submerged ourselves comfortably up to our chins.  Two plush robes were there for us to lounge around in.  A snack bar was provided, although a package of nuts and dried fruit was $7.  Biggest disappointment was that that there was no wetbar.  I always look forward to these in any hotel room, especially to use them for storing leftovers from dinner.  The king bed was etremely comfortable, with its pillow-top mattress and feather pillows, as well as the high thread count sheets.  Silky soft...  We enjoyed peace and quiet all night, and were not disturbed in the morning by housekeeping.  The next day were were early to rise to enjoy the lavish continental breakfast spread in the lounge.  Granola with local pecans and yogurt parfait croissans with spinach and boursin, ham and cheese, small danishes, assortmnt of fresh fruits and juices gave us the perfect start to our day.  We grabbed some bottled waters and cokes and headed to the pool.  We had an appointment at the spa an hour later, for seaweed wraps and massages, and it was wonderful, the service excellent and very personalized.  Recommendations: go to biltmore's website directly to book a room. you will find incredible packages. our package was $200 and included dinner for two, lunch for two, 50% off at the spa, and access to the executive lounge at the ocatilla.  if you live locally, they will shuttle you - saves the parking headache.  About Ocatilla: basically an upgrade with your stay. For an additional $75-$100/day, these are the following amenities you will receive: complimentary beverages, wine, beer, breakfast, light evening fare, and desserts in the lounge business center (computers, internet, printers) Wii rentals  pressing service and shoe shine therapeutic turn down bath neck and shoulder massages every thursday personal concierge"
c4y8FA6XmGxxPhv0PNtU5g	casual	"I like these sort of ""mom & pop"" spots, small and intimate setting.  Great pizza!  I always enjoy the veggie pizza with jalapenos, oh so good!  And mu hubby loves the suicide wings, but we've tried almost everything off of the menu and you CANNOT go wrong.  Prices rock too!"
k6C5YiGHU_aT8oXSkGb0Pg	fast	"I went to Five Guys for the first time (North Scottsdale) to see what all the hubbub was and why everyone was comparing it to In 'N Out burger - a place I love and have been eating at for over 25 years (CA and AZ). Pros: wider assortment of toppings and menu items, including the veggie sandwich (not a soy pattie - just veggies and cheese, if you want; extra menu items like jalapeños and hot sauce, grilled mushrooms, etc.; Cajun styled french fries (their small size is enormous). Cons: more expensive than In 'N Out. Neutral: Thick burgers are more like your home grilled burgers, all well done and crispy on the edges - not like In ""N Out's thinner patties. I don't know why people compare the two places since the prices are not similar. Five Guys is good, but should be compared more to places like Fat Burger, regarding size and price of burger. I still prefer In ""N Out for taste and value."
qK_nxiXCxjIP8Hd659bhvA	casual	"Nothing great. The salsa was very soupy, like you'd get from a jar. The hot salsa was even more liquidy and just tasted like chili oil or chili paste. The tortilla soup was served like French onion soup, with a whole layer of melted cheese on top, and the broth underneath was really salty. My friend who normally loves tortilla soup sent it back. I went with the corn tamale. According to the menu, you can choose either red or green. I ordered the green, and the tamale was served in the middle of a sea of red sauce/salsa. So I asked the server, ""Is this the green tamale?"" and she said that normally just the beef tamale is served red or green but I could have some green salsa if I wanted. umm...okay. On the plus side, the service was very prompt-- our drink orders were taken immediately and chips and salsa were delivered 2 seconds later. And the lunch menu was very reasonably priced, including $2.50 margaritas. The food was just nothing special. I guess the name should have been a warning not to expect anything too authentic."
UIGFrEcoDsw05I1UOrxdOA	casual	One thing is for sure: You will be full when you leave Harlow's. I think that the huevos are pretty good, but the biscuits and gravy leave a little to be desired, or so say the meat eating friends of mine. To be fair, this was in comparison to my very amazing freshly made biscuits and veggie gravy (biscuit recipe credit to Mark Bittman's How to Cook Everything). It is a decent people watching locale on the weekends as long as you can stand to wait out in the parking lot until they call your party inside.
ShUSw5yD7EFWBOiq_CuHMQ	casual	my husband and I started going to Keegan's on Sunday's for their brunch, which is pretty decent. If you get there after 10am, the bar is open, which is a plus in my book.  We've eaten lunch and dinner there a few times as well. They have a really good french onion soup, another soup I think was chicken pepper jack and the cobb sandwich is good. Their chicken fried steak is pretty good as well. They give you two decent sized steaks covered in mashed potatoes and gravy. The bar is good as they have a great selection of beers.  I also love their ice tea, it always hits the spot.
2czw5PzfPo20KlZLl3hOXA	casual	Fun Irish-pub type vibe with a great beer selection and not your typical bar food. I love the oysters on the half-shell, salads, sandwiches and fried zucchini/mushroom combo.  Casey's offers inside dining and a bar - but the expansive patio is the hang-out spot. The clientele is varied and full of regulars. People from all ages and backgrounds hang out here but it's especially popular with ASU students, staff and faculty.   The only downside is parking can be difficult, service sometimes slow and it can become fairly crowded - especially on the weekend.
VslWrTzjCFBG_2Ru9nwjMA	casual	I haven't yelped in about 2 months, and I was waiting for a place to either wow me or disgust me. Well, this place was that bad. First impressions were all right -- the outside bar was neat w/ good views of downtown, and the fire pits were nice. No beers on tap though; and seriously, what's with the hip-hop club DJ at 7:00 pm? Come on guys, way too early for that. It wasn't too long before three of us were seated; and after about 10 minutes, our waitress came up and asked us whether we were ready to ... oh wait, that's right, no menus yet, good job. O.k., so I ordered the Thai Spring rolls, which had a filling of lettuce, a single strip of carrot, and noodles. Seriously?! Main course, I ordered the curry, which turned out to be the worst curry in the world -- I don't even know if it was curry; it was more like a bowl of thick, yellow soup, with a few pieces of chicken and a couple of vegetables tossed in. Yuck. And then they only gave me a tiny bowl of rice. I'm sorry, isn't it supposed to be the other way around? My friends completely agreed with how bad the place was (I think they had some sort of stir fry, which they said was bland and pointless). So yeah, I don't recommend this place. Instead, head a block over to The Roosevelt for some good beer on tap and some pretty good food.
tqp42quHT1S_tgXQRXBx5w	casual	"Feeling a bit weary from a steady stream of travel, we decided to head over here for my favorite Rx, Pho. A couple of summer rolls filled with shrimp, pork and vermicelli, dipped in the sweet peanutty sauce, a dash of their house hot sauce(a tad more fire than the ""cock"" sauce) and we were off to a fine start. I was feeling better already. The Pho arrived, and the aromas were simply intoxicating. After a short interlude of vaporized euphoria, we dug in, adding the usual lime, cilantro, basil, sprouts and aforementioned hot sauce. Commence slurping. The broth was simple yet complex in layered flavors. Noodles were perfect in abundance and texture. My companion chose beef and shrimp and declared they were cooked perfectly. I selected the special beef which included shank, brisket, tendon, tripe and meatball. Outstanding. Service was with a smile, prompt and attentive. I honestly felt like I was sitting in someone's home enjoying what they might eat on a daily basis. I do not think that Cyclo can compare, while good, this just seemed more authentic."
It8Q9-l1EEtTr9NPpTgGPA	fine	Owner Daniel M. is one of my most favorite restaurateurs in Phoenix. His stamina and passion for the business of serving fine cuisine is a rare find. Daniel is from South America but you wouldn't know it; his knowledge of the secret kitchens of Tuscany, Umbria and Amalfi is uncanny. I know this because I traveled with him and his chef one year on their odyssey through Italy.  Daniel takes special pride in personally choosing a very select few bottles of wine to fit any budget. OK, it's not Etienne's Different Point of View's list of 4000, but know that any choice you make is going to be a good one. If you're not sure, just ask for Daniel and tell him what you have in mind -- likely he has (with a wink) a special bottle in the back.  When we traveled through the Italian countryside I was constantly astonished by the warm greetings and special invitations we had from local proprietors who shared with us exquisite homemade wines and dishes made with pride from the finest vegetables and livestock. We frequently stayed long past closing with the owners and into the night sampling rare port and grappa. At one restaurant in Orvieto the owner took us deep into the dank recesses of the wine cellar for a special sampling  of cheese and wine. Talk about knowing people? One afternoon while drinking our 5th bottle of wine, who walks by but Jan D'Atri! Wow. (That's another review.) And speaking of reviewers, I also ran into Phoenix Magazine's Nikki Buchanan (also extremely nice).  When Daniel first opened in this location with that little stone oven in the corner, it was a pizzeria and guests could belly up to long tables in a casual environment that was made easy by his banter with the heavy Italian accented waitress (name?) who made a comeback some years later. For quite some time the restaurant was Il Forno; that is until corporate giant Il Fornaio entered the fray and sued him to change the name. After much rigmarole he changed to aqua e sale -- and notice Il Fornaio has since closed its doors? LOL. Again after much hoopla, he made it Daniel's. The current wood-paneled decor makes me think of a city club in San Fran or London. Very posh, yet understated. Selections of sculpture and art from his travels dot the restaurant's three small dining rooms.  The menu is a very difficult one. I say that because it has all of your favorites and it is difficult to make your final selection. Great for steak, ravioli, the best carpaccio in the city, best buffala mozzarella, mmm.... I could go on and on. So does the menu, page after page.  Some might call the preparations simplistic. This is the Tuscan way. Simple ingredients and simple preparation. Let the ingredients make their own magic. Grilled rack of lamb is not drowned in some Smucker's lime jelly, but gently brushed with rosemary and garlic, tickled with salt and pepper and finished with a squeeze spray of lemon.  Unfortunately the artful one-of-a-kind plates and bowls handmade in Vietri chipped at the edges over the years and the health department made him throw them away -- UGH!! -- they were a beautiful motivation to make you lick your plate clean to see the painted pictures beneath your scrumptious dinner. Not that you needed an excuse to dab every last bit of sauce with the wonderful mini loaves of bread cooked right there in the hearth that started it all.  Daniel himself is a wonderful host. He loves to give his guests a wonderful experience. There are many choices for Italian food in Phoenix. Most of it is just American Italian. Daniel's is a unique touch of the simple yet elegant. Enjoy.  P.S. [post edit] OMG. How could I forget the Tiramisu? It's a generous portion, so you can share with your guest, but after your first bite you may not want to. Light and airy, yet fantastically flavorful, the quality of the coffee really makes this dish a reason to go back again and again. I'm not going to tell you the secret ingredient. You'll have to ask Daniel.
nl5ifGmOQMw-MlMO_tdnbg	casual	"Years ago, and I do mean years ago, their Mill Avenue location in Tempe, was outstanding. As they expanded, the food along with the total expierence has gone DOWNHILL, big time. Why has this happened ... they're doing franchising. I'm suggesting a name change: ""My Big Fat Greek Disappoinment"""
Zh_y9AmSfWZpR2JB9wye-A	casual	"One of the WORST experiences of my life.  My friends and I decided to go and check this place out as the local radio kept talking about it.  So the day we decide to go, the guy from the Colbert report was there mocking the restaurant also.  We go in and we thought, ""hey wow, this is kinda cool"" as they talked about monster proportions of burgers and fries fried in lard.  However, once the food arrived we sat down and although the wait staff was scantily clad, all of them had ""cottage cheese"" legs and thighs.  We sat down, and my friend decides to take their super burger challenge, she said if he finished his 2 lbs burger, his meal would be on the house.  He kills it, and when we ask why his burger wasn't free, we could no longer find out waitress and the owner says to us ""you either pay or i come over the counter"" he threatened us with violence, which is stupid as all we were doing was asking what about what the waitress had told us.  We will never ever go there again.  Being Asian, he also spewed racial slurs at us, calling us to go back to where we came from.  ALL of us were born and raised in Arizona so I don't know where we would go.  Anyways, don't go here.    Also, all of the patrons, ALL of them were middle aged men, who instead of paying attention to their wives and kids were hiding away at a nasty restaurant who's burgers aren't even really grilled.  the frozen patties from costco are placed on a machine that rolls the burgers through, so you can't even want a medium burger, they are all torched.  The fries although fried in lard, are crap.  All in all, if you're a lonely loser, this is the place for you.  If you're a classy kinda guy that wants REAL food, go to any other generic burger place and you will be more satisfied."
bQ1s5pqX_UVWVQ-k4e9rAg	casual	Strange layout that makes you think you got the worst table in the house no matter what table you're at.  Wait staff and the General Manager (WTF?) standing around doing nothing in a mostly empty restaurant while customers wait and wait.  It all comes off as the biggest tourist trap on Stetson Ave, even though the original Barrio Cafe is a local institution, and the prices are actually very reasonable.  Food and margaritas were all amazing, but  when the front of the house doesn't seem to care if I'm there I won't be back.
YKOvlBNkF4KpUP9q7x862w	casual	Bleh.   I have been anxiously awaiting the opening of this spot, since I frequent the other spots on the same corner.  I had some pretty high hopes that this might end up rivaling Postino's or Bomberos... or well... something other than a drive-thru.  I ordered the daily flatbread pizza.  It was a Chicken Teriyaki with prosciutto, pineapple and red jalapenos.  The ingredients didn't seem to be of the best quality.  The chicken was a little gristly (sliced breast meat would have been nice), and the cheese was unspeakable.  It was straight-from-a-bag mozzarella... which was congealed into a huge mass of grease.  The pizza was so wet with sauce and grease and heavy from too many toppings, that I couldn't even identify the crust... it was disintegrating before my eyes.  The prosciutto was all in one large clump, instead of being sprinkled throughout.  So disappointing.  My friend's caprese salad was mainly a plate of tomatoes with a garnish of cheese and a sprig of basil.  I love a good caprese - and especially enjoy when there is a fairly equal amount of all ingredients.  Helps balance out each bite, you know?  No such luck with this one!   Our service was fine.  Helpful enough in the beginning, but I think once she sensed we weren't thrilled with our food, she just tried to get away with a minimal amount of interaction.  The waitress never asked me how my meal was... even though I was clearly picking at it, and only ate half of it.  She offered to clear it away - not box it - so, she must have realized I didn't enjoy it.  I will definitely wait a while for a return visit.  Since it is close and has a great layout/atmosphere, I am hoping that they work out these rather large kinks and become the kind of place that I would like to revisit.
WjnjiCzjgjPHGA9hp-Wyww	casual	Best UNIQUE breakfast / brunch / lunch spot.  This tiny place may look like a boring little bakery, but think again!   SIt outside on the small patio area, ck out the GR8 crepes! savory, breakfasty, sweet - u pick or choose!  Hubby luvs lox & cream cheese & capers.   I luv the chicken, aspargus, basil, feta :-)   Mmmmmmmm.
WJ5mq4EiWYAA4Vif0xDfdg	fine	I was there last week with my sisters and while we ordered our steaks cooked medium, all of them came out well done. Kind of disappointed, but oh well.  So last night my fiance and I had a buy-one-get-one-free coupon, so we headed over. When I ordered my steak cooked medium, I asked her to make a point of it when she put the order in because of the issue last week.  When our food came out, she asked me to cut into my steak and make sure it was cooked the way I wanted. I did and, while it was a bit more medium-well than medium, I was hungry and it looked good, so I gave it the go ahead and we started our meal. It really was a good steak.  When our waitress came out again, she double checked that my steak was cooked correctly. I assured her it was fine. A few minutes later a manager came out and apologized for my steak being over done and offered to replace it. I assured him it was maybe a little overdone, but it was good and I was happy with my meal. They were being very nice and showing some great customer service, though a little overzealous. :)  When the bill came, they had made my steak the free one for the coupon, even though mine was the more expensive of the two meals we ordered.  Great customer service, and very good food.
r-a-Cn9hxdEnYTtVTB5bMQ	casual	I'm a fan of J.T.'s. Reasonable drinks and REALLY good wings. It's small, so it can get pretty crowded, but the people are friendly, service is good, too. J.T. 's is a great neighborhood bar, nearly free of any douchebaggery.
1QxI2IP3XfndDAY8nyZVPg	casual	I've been to Barrio twice now. Simply put, I do not believe that it is worth the prices that they charge. The first time I went there was with the pseudo boyfriend and he adored his meal, and so I embraced it and loved it. The second time was last night for Dottsy's birthday dinner. Dottsy and I ordered up the guacamole that everyone raves about. We were unimpressed, as we had huge chunks of avocado in there and have both made our own guacamole and didn't see what the big fuss was about. I've had the enchiladas suizas and enchiladas de hongas and although they weren't bad- they were not amazing. Not worth the 16 bucks, at all. Don't get me wrong, I wouldn't complain about the cost if it tasted like it was worth it, but not so much. Because it was Dottsy's birthday, they brought her a complimentary flan which we both agreed was pretty tasty flan. So, if you are a flan person, this may be a place to check out. I am not a flan person- too jiggly (which makes me think of what fat looks like on a person's body which stops me from eating it). The two things that make this place worth going for are the margaritas and the service. The margaritas are 50% tequila and fabulous- I usually just stick to the house margarita and am satisfied. The people that work at Barrio are friendly and cool. I imagine that they all enjoy working there. I don't really ever need to go back to Barrio, unless I'm craving a serious margarita served up by a cute hipster. I'd go for a drink or two and then go elsewhere for dinner.
0yfN4bdKZfkFSXseB2kOBg	casual	This place is the best place I've found so far for sushi in the Phoenix area. The wait staff is always attentive, the sushi isn't overpriced and their specialty sushis are actually good. They stick to the basics, and don't veer too much into the west for their ideas. The plates and silverware are clean, which is more than I was able to say at a different place I'd tried. The sushi prices are similar to other places I've seen - except you get 3 pieces, not 2. They don't stick too much rice in the rolls. The pieces can sometimes push the limit, but most are manageable. All in all, this is a great place that I will come back to time and again.
PxeX1M8WtyPxX1MuuGIh-g	fine	"Can I tell you how much I despised Fate with all its pretentious, snooty bullshit? I should have known the second I realized that Bliss/reBar was in the same building that it was probably tainted from all the leftover evil. And so it is. We showed up and the restaurant was practically empty. There is no hostess or even a hint of one. We stood there for many minutes on end before even being acknowledged by one of the many servers who were rushing around (perhaps serving to invisible people? The place was dead.). We were told there was a 15 minute wait, or we could eat on the patio. Um, it's 40 degrees... AND THE PLACE WAS DEAD. I guess we'll wait. We go back outside because there is zero point zero extra room to stand. The server comes back out and says they have two large parties coming in an hour, but we can sit inside now if we can be done in 45 minutes. That's sure inviting, isn't it. So we hustle on inside and make some hasty selections. $9 faux comfort food shit like gourmet mac and cheese just offends me, so I go with the veggie sandwich. That sounds innocuous enough, right? The food came out straightaway - too fast for a burger to be cooked medium well, like my companion ordered. Sure as shit, she cut into it, and it was bleeding and mooing all over the place. My ""veggie"" sandwich arrives and it looks like a Filet-o-Fish from hell, some huge block of something unidentifiable due to extreme deep-frying. I couldn't help it - I asked the server what the hell it was. Eggplant. Ohhhhkay then. It was like trying to eat a deep fried brick between two pillows. Impossible. The pretzel bread, while yummy, is totally unyielding. Only Jenna Jameson can fit that thing into her mouth. My companion was suffering a similar fate with her bleeding burger. There was mayonnaise and shredded cabbage and boiling hot eggplant juice going everywhere and it was goddamn ridiculous. Neither of us got through even a half of our sandwiches. I wolfed down the side salad just to get something remotely healthy in there after the onslaught of grease, although I almost choked on the buckets of sugar syrup they call salad dressing. So, while we are attempting to recover from this mess, the server goes MIA. You'd think if they were trying to hustle us out of there, we'd get a damn check. Nope. No. Nada. Had to chase someone down and ask for it. When it finally came, there wasn't even an itemized receipt, so even though the total seemed a little low I couldn't check it out. I was so over the whole experience at the point I didn't even care. I left a shitty tip and we escaped to the bar next door, where the cute bartenders gave us some free drinks and we sucked down innumerable $3 vodka specials for the next four hours. Just UGH in every way."
dAJC97pUsxa1SucwFQE07A	fast	I can only comment on two of the smoothies because I am on a banana kick and I choose from one of the two: the Bananrama or the Peanut Butter Chocolate. Oh so good! And now they do offer more than one size!  I have started getting this for dinner versus food! I love it!
sh1-BzB29lIOA2qQ_PxN-A	casual	Again, it's a bit unfair of me to rate this restaurant because I'm from San Jose/Cupertino but I'm gonna do it anyway.  So, being from San Jose/Cupertino, I've had me some good Chinese food and even better dim sum. So when the Boyfriend brought me here, I was expecting something decent, but not anything too authentic.  This place was fairly decent and authentic! It has the Asian ladies and their dim sum carts. It has the OG dim sum dishes. It even has the authentic less than mediocre Asian service.   The only disappointment is that this place is a bit dirty and ragged-y looking. And the vegetable dishes are minimal. In fact, I had to order a veg dish off the menu because they didn't have any dim sum veg dishes and it cost $13! Bleh.
WFDxa8r0sT2ZnehYTyT1LQ	fast	Walking into this place is just plain confusing. You could tell it used to be something different, but I've got no idea what. I guess it doesn't matter. It just sort of looks cheap. But that's ok. The food was right on, and I'll be back for more. Bento Box A? Yes please. Small salad with a great ginger-type dressing, some sort of spicy beef, teriyaki chicken, rice, egg roll, some edamame, a few carrots... am I missing anything? The service was great, the food even better, and it only set me back about 5 minutes and 8 bucks. It seems like a sure bet, and close enough to work for a good take out that it will rise toward the top of my list.
me3myIgtuIgLEC5jd97uZw	casual	This particular restaurant is not set up well. There is a section of 4 soups all clearly labeled, but further down, there is a black kettle of another soup with a tiny little label that you have to pick up and read. In the center of the counter, there is a bread bin, you have to lift the plastic door and hold it open while you retrieve your bread. I was fascinated to watch other people's techniques for bread retrieval while I was eating. There are tortilla chips in this bin and then you have to go to one end of the counter for taco meat, then to the other end for cheese, lettuce, sour cream, etc. Poorly planned and smaller selection than Sweet Tomatoes, I would rather pay a few more dollars for a better selection.
m3EKlucZuwnOazLrRfnWaQ	casual	I had to drop it down to 2 stars. The food was the same quality, but they do not bring out big bowls of white and brown rice anymore. They brought out 5 small bowls of rice when there are 7 of us. Are we suppose to share or have our individual bowls? We had our usuals: 2 chicken fried rice - ok 2 mongolian beef - good 2 chicken chow mein - good 2 crispy honey chicken - good 1 orange peel chicken - meh... 1 spicy chicken - too spicy for me, but the group said it was good Main reason for the 2 stars was the service SUCKED! We had to literally get our servers attention for anything (refills, more rice, togo boxes, etc.). We waited 15 mins for our server to pick up the check, he never showed! So we handed it off to other server and asked if she can help us. He came back to the table only the times we can grab he attention. We were always out of drinks. I have not had that BAD of a service in a long time. I will not come back on my own, but if the family wants to then they can drag me along (kicking and screaming).
b_i5IvnPAv8Supc3p_e2Cw	fine	Apparently fellow yelper Andrew and I are meeting in our dreams over maple bacon creme brulee! I'm seriously glad to see that I am not the only one having subconcious yearnings for this lil dab of heaven in a cup! All of the products are top notch though and who doesn'tlike creme brulee? Communists maybe? Chef Eric is awesome and so friendly too.
OjNTZTZ6HYQghJN-3jmwnA	casual	"It's been awhile since this place was reviewed... and probably just as long since my last visit. In the last few months (or possibly more), this restaurant changed names (it was previously 'The Counter') and cleared out the retail boutique area to make room for more seating. Future yelper Nancie S suggested we meet for lunch here today, and I was impressed with the changes. By no means is Chloe's Corner a high end restaurant... it's more like a retro diner with a modern feel. It's the kind of place you order at the counter and pay for it, and then they bring your food to your table when it's ready. It's also great for those who want to pick up something quick on the go... We both ordered the chopped salad and a side of toasted cranberry walnut bread. It was really tasty! You can tell they use high quality ingredients... the salad is a unique combination of field greens, turkey, bleu cheese, walnuts, and grapes with poppyseed dressing. I would for sure order it again although the tuna melt looked pretty amazing too! There are several other 'classic' items on the menu such as grilled cheese, tomato soup, milkshakes, etc... Even more impressive than the lunch was the fact that I found a parking spot right away at Kierland and I left without going into one single store. I'm so proud of myself for that... any fellow shop-a-holics know how hard that can be! Although I did like this place when it was ""The Counter,"" it looks to me like the change that Fox Restaurant Concepts made to this restaurant was a good one!"
zRqU9_TTVNSo9d23fL8qgQ	fast	"Everyone knows about Pei Wei right?! I really thought so until my boyfriend admitted that he had never been. Challenge accepted.   Now, I've been a frequent Pei Wei customer ever since I discovered Asian food did not always have to send to you running to the restroom. (Yeah, thanks for nothing Bing Heng and Great Wall Buffet). This isn't the best Asian food ever, but it is quick, accessible, and always pretty tasty.   I've tried everything on the menu, but my favorite options are the Crab Wontons and the Pei Wei Spicy Chicken. I ordered these plus the Spicy Korean for my n00b boyfriend to try, and everything went better than expected.   In fact, he even commented that the place was ""classier"" than he expected.   Just a side note: you can order and pay online, so you don't have to wait for the takeout line. You can also choose the specific time you would like to pick up your food."
JXQBl4aCf5-dQhcg_5LwCg	fast	I'm always searching for quality food at a fair price for lunch.  There are tons of sit down expensive lunch places and lots of fast food (junk food) places too.  When I read the reviews on Chestnut Lane I hustled right on over.  The concept is right on but the execution leaves a LOT to be desired.    First challenge is getting a parking place and I was lucky.  The line to order didn't look too bad when I arrived so i was feeling lucky.  However, the line took forever to move forward causing the people waiting to shuffle back and forth in a very confined space as there was lots of foot traffic trying to enter and exit.  The woman at the register took each order, processed the payment, and then proceeded to prepare the drinks  and sides for each order.  The drinks are somewhat specialty items and are kind of labor intensive, especially considering that the order line is at a total standstill.  SLOW!  After way too long a wait, I finally was able to order...then the real wait began!  It was a good 25 minutes before my order came up and it was just a TURKEY SANDWICH!  I felt lucky, though, as the woman ahead of me in line was still waiting for her SANDWICH after I had finished mine and was driving away!  Sometimes a long wait is mitigated by the awesomeness of the food.  Well, at Chestnut Lane this is unfortunately not the case.  I mean it was a decent turkey sandwich, but when I saw the almost $16 charge for a TURKEY SANDWICH and ICED TEA I was expecting something fabulous.  It wasn't all that.    If you decide to go to Chestnut Lane, maybe you could park in the spacious Jack-in-the Box lot just to the east.  And grab a Breakfast Jack to hold you over during your long wait!
ZeHShnkhjkBvGi5BbYTJOw	fine	"I'm from the East coast, so living in Arizona feels like living in the land that Chinese food forgot. George and Son's offers the closest thing to ""Chinese"" food that I have found in Arizona (yes I know this isn't real Chinese cuisine, just look at my picture). PF Changs is not Chinese food, and that is the best I have eaten before I came here. All the other Chinese food that I have found is full of MSG, and makes me sick.  The restaurant is cozy and relaxing, and the staff is very attentive. The sesame chicken is very good. I recommend asking for firecracker chicken. It is not on the menu, just ask for the firecracker pork, but with chicken. It has the right kick to it. I would NOT recommend the orange peal chicken. After eating 1/2 of my plate, I wan't to swear off anything orange for a month. I guess I needed something less sweet with a more varying taste.   Last time I went in, I had the three amigos, which was very good. This is shrimp, chicken, and beef in a brown sauce, poured over a hot skillet plate at your table. I would recommend any of the three I mentioned."
wzIPW_XyKc2DBWdOUM5hlQ	casual	All I have to say is WOW! This place is EXCELLENT!   All the dishes we had were extremely fresh, authentic, and DELICIOUS!    My favorite pot stickers EVER.  The skin is super thin, tender, not greasy, mostly steamed encased around a very light, delicate dumpling that makes me want to order 2 next time. 6 is just not enough, they are tiny, but oh so delectable! The sauce is perfectly balanced of sweet, spicy, and tangy and does not overpower the pot sticker.  It also comes with a thin airy, crispy (rice chip?) underneath the pot stickers that give it an extra texture with scallions scattered about.  MMMMMMmmmmm.  The green curry is more brothy than others than other's that I have had, but no matter...It is delicious with bits of vegetable, and whatever meat you prefer..we got chicken.  I love sopping it up with rice and trying to eat it with chopsticks.  You may need a spoon :)   The eggplant and chicken stir fry is also fabulous.  The asian eggplants are cooked to perfection. Their sauces are spot on.    BEST Coconut ice cream!  It is light, fluffy, icy, dreamy, pea-nutty, coconut cloud confection that makes my mouth water!  It is not sickly sweet sticky artificial coconut tasting at all...Predominant coconut flavor is not my favorite and I LOVE THIS!   Even if you don't like curries, there is plenty of food here that will make you a fan!  This is a mom and pop kind of place, they are really nice.  It's a trek for us, but definitely worth the drive!
Pg8OPh1D2ws0xO-I-8ppoA	casual	"PCG is the restaurant by which I judge all others. PCG is totally dependable, always excellent. Service is always good, food excellent. i have eaten here probably 20 times and have never had a bad meal.   Although the food is not ""challenging"" in that there are no weird flavors or textures, if you want a great nouvelle American meal for a reasonable amount of money, you need look no farther than here."
tV97OH1LK00kUcX0Jig-sQ	casual	"what can I say about Glam... well, i really, really despise it. Every time I go there, I regret the decision. And in my grandiose style, I'm going to say why in a list:  1) Cash only!! But listen to this, the bartender will take your debit card, charge you a fee, and give you cash, which you can then use to buy drinks from the same bartender that just did the whole transaction. WHY????   2) The location kinda blows. It's in a weird strip mall across from another strip mall. Have you ever driven by there in the day time? It's shady then, imagine at night time.  3) too hipster. I feel like I am not allowed there as I work for the man, do not wear black leggings, or have razor cut bangs. I, in my mall clothing and ""mainstream"" style, stick out like a sore thumb.  4) The music is just a little off.... ii dunno how to say what I am thinking, it's just off.  Okay, the floor is fancy. That's about it.  (sorry, I'm a bar snob and Glam deserves my wrath)"
kfscAJnLVf6J2uEte7g-5A	casual	I found this place when we needed a place to meet for a business lunch. I had the smoked BBQ chicken which was good but that seems to be all I get when I go. I've tried some of the other dishes but haven't really liked them. My wife loves the fried pickles which I'm not a fan of. The portions are huge but there does not seem to be anything special I can remember besides really large portions. I suppose the biscuits topped with sugar smothered in honey butter are good but I also want to live to be at least 50 and they are not worth dying for. As unimpressed as I am with the food, the service is very good. I've been there a few times now and have always been pleased with they way they treat us. Everything from the speed and attentiveness has been good.
erHz0NkEG1AP3aAtnu3eFw	fast	I personally will never eat there again.  The chips are actually amazing though, I would eat those a lot if it didnt require me stpping foot in the ultimate bro/slut restaurant.   The food is gross, the tortillas are ok, I like the decor actually, but the employees are slutty (and by slutty I saw skirts soo short if they picked something off the floor you for sure would see vagina)  Apparently the uniform is jean skirts and heels.  This is the male glittery shirt wearing capitol of Scottsdale. The food sucks, dont eat here!
IyldfEGfCVcEOb7SMlKs7Q	casual	FnB is how every restaurant should be. Unfortunately this will not happen because Pavle Milic, who runs the place, cannot be at every restaurant.   This is a small, friendly restaurant in my hood, that just happens to have some of the best food you will find. I always feel welcomed & taken care of by the staff. I've come here with friends, but I've also come alone & felt totally welcome. I like sitting up at the counter, and I've actually met some really great people to chat with there. Pavle & his wife run the place, & they are the kind of people who always make you feel like they are glad you are there.  Chef Charlene does things with food that make it amazing, & these are things that I myself could never accomplish. My main cooking skills involve a microwave or a menu. I just wish I had the funds to eat here more often.  In conclusion, fabulous food combined with wonderful service make me feel lucky to have FnB in my neighborhood. :)
mQde7KRomOQoUyPGTqeXhA	casual	Uhhh...These are supposed to be carne fries? ASU boys think that these are the best carne fries. Me thinks not. The carne fries consist of boiled meat AND the order is wrong. It's supposed to have the guacamole on top of the sour cream on top of the melted cheese over the meat, but they just dumped the boiled carne asada on top of the sour cream. I told some ASU boy about this, but he said that I probably had a different person making my carne fries the wrong way. What a disappointment, but I ate everything anyway because I'm fat like that. hahha
iDYzGVIF1TDWdjHNgNjCVw	casual	We just tried this out this afternoon following lunch at Pita Jungle next door. It's a self-service yogurt shop where you pay by the ounce once you've finished your creation. The offerings included the standard vanilla and chocolate, but also less traditional offerings like Irish Mint and Red Velvet were also available. They offer a taste of any of the products, and you can mix multiple types of yogurts in your container. They also offer a variety of standard yogurt shop toppings for your creation. I had a combination of the Irish Mint and Latte yogurts, with a couple of toppings. The yogurt itself was smooth, creamy and well flavored. We'll likely be dropping by here in the future.
07OyvsOpqTWuyTtvE4_gcA	casual	Finally a teriyaki bowl place that does it right. Nothing against Samuri Sam's, but Yogis is a bit better in my opinion. Yogis' menu is strait forward and clearly lists the options available. The place is clean and the staff is fast and friendly. The food is also very reasonably priced. I was very impressed with their different bowl/plate/salad options. You are able to order some teriyaki veggies, chicken and/or beef pretty much however you want it. Extra meat, over lettuce, over veggies, brown rice, white rice, etc. Anyway, when I visit a place like this my desires are simple. I want a decent portion of not-overly-sauced white meat chicken over a bunch of veggies. That's it. Yogis delivers this and then some.
4YfXP-NxQXntqi0qAknU5g	fine	My boyfriend and I tried this place last year and we haven't been back since. The food was really unspectacular, they weren't really that hot. The price is a bit high since there's a restaurant by the same name on Southern and Dobson that serve much better food for less. The decor was really tacky and they should paint over the mural, it does not appeal to their clientele. Lastly, the staff was not nice.
U-0hMfagGtjYZCYB1i0WNw	casual	I go to GB for the balcony and the hefeweisen. One a warm sunny day there aren't many places I would rather relax. Watching the people on Mill Ave as well as the planes flying into Phx can kill a few hours if you are bored. The food is ok. The hummus appetizer is usually a safe choice as is the pizza.
UHh2br86pxndWXELC6B8Cw	casual	Creamy, luscious, divine...just some of the words that barely describe the wonderfulness that is Ritter's frozen custard. Short of having real Italian gelato (never been to Italy yet, so I can't even begin to compare the schtuff we have here), this frozen custard beats everything this side of town. Mix-ins, schmixins. The custard's yummy with or without. It's more flavorful than teeth loosening sweet and they have over 65 to choose from...although they rotate around about 6 of them per day. It sure makes the moody blues go bye-bye with each spoonful. Okay, I'm being a little over-dramatic. But it really is good! Price is right, service is great, and it would take a long time before you became bored with the flavors. You could literally go every day and try something new. Bad for hips, good for the little kid in all of us.
Sy-hmzSH1OmWpHmAfZtxRA	fast	Margie's just opened about two months ago. I stumbled upon it while looking for the Eba Cafe. This little place is open Monday-Saturday, 5:30am to 2:30pm. It is a great stopping point for commuters looking to get a coffee or breakfast bagel pick-me-up, check some email (they've got FREE WIRELESS!) and head into or out of Tempe.  I ordered a simple coffee and the egg-and-cheese toasted on an everything bagel. Tasty and a truly satisfying treat without a ding to the wallet.  The place is very clean, soft comfy couches near bright windows, and Margie is just delightful. Great place to chat and concentrate away from the main throws of other well-worn coffee houses.  Expect to find me there often--mainly because I want to keep this coffee house close, alive and well!
nmj5yK9dZ2atlM9RYDCRHw	casual	"First time eating Cambodian food. I am not sure what it's supposed to taste like so it's hard to say if this is what cambodian food is.... Small, quiet place. Entrance was non-initutive to us for some reason, we walked in the kitchen. It's the door on the left if anyone was curious. On a Monday at lunch, we were the only people in there around noon. I didn't know what to order but I like shrimp so I went for it. I went for the Shrimp Ling rice combo. It comes with soup, rice and a pickled salad. The dish comes on a nice square plate so it makes the food 50x fancier just because it's on a square plate. Lots of shrimp in my plate ~ about 10ish and they're large. The shrimp was grilled and it tasted good but I wouldn't call it amazingly good that I was in love. I ate it and I like it but I thought to myself 'What is Cambodian food because the flavors don't seem unique? It seems like they grilled it in some soy sauce, maybe sugar, added more salt and maybe one or two other spices."" FYI - There's bunch of green onions in the shrimp, I think they add that more flavor. They aren't chopped into small pieces, it's like the whole stem but I ate everything. I always eat everything - I don't waste my food (it's almost like a sin not to finish your food unless you take it home... so nevermind). The pickled salad was refreshing. I like the soup, it was lukewarm and it reminded me of a Chinese wintermelon homecooked soup. It's like a mixed of Chinese style chicken broth with Vietnamese beef broth without the saltiness and msg. Adding the green onions to the soup definitely makes it 50x better as well - WOOHOO. My dish was $8 - pretty good price. Thumbs up to that! Overall, would I go back? Eh - I don't know. I need to try other Cambodian places or maybe I should just have googled about it...maybe Vietnamese food is better? Apparently, the countries are located near each other so it's similar to Vietnamese food."
viQLBKFtCQkPykFUulVeuw	casual	"DO NOT GO HERE.  One of the worst restaurant experiences I have ever had.  The setup is a little like ""Pei Wei"" where they take your order, give you a number, and bring the food to your table.  Placed our order, and had to stalk other tables and hover over people eating trying to wait to get a table.  Waited a long time, all the while others who ordered after us found seats and got their food before us. Servers kept bringing my food to me since it was ready, but I still didn't have a table, so they kept saying they would ""put it under the heat lamp"" for me.  Finally eventually found a table, and then kept waiting and waiting for our food, which the manager claimed ""he had them remake"" since it was getting cold.  My food came, and it was cold and disgusting.  We had to get going since we were going to a show, and my mom's food still wasn't there.  The staff asked to see her receipt, since they couldn't find her order.  She went up to the manager and said she just wanted her money back since we had to go (it had been 45 minutes since we placed our order).  He said her food would not be ready for a while, and gave her some cash, and we left.  My mom never even ate, and my food was horrible.  I would NOT recommend this place, it's awful."
uI4YqMarUpchI4I3ZWgOGA	casual	Who woulda thunkkkk Scottsdale, AZ would have such amazing soul food??! They surprised the hell outta me!  Coming from someone who regulars Roscoes chicken &waffles... believe me when I say LOLO's is BOMB!!!   I got the 3chicken combo... w greens, mac&cheese &cornbread.   Cornbread.. hands down Roscoes! Greens... Roscoes Mac&cheese... LOLOs for suuuree! Chicken... tied.. they're both really good!  the staff is super friendly!! can't wait to go back when i visit AZ. (=
eHcQzL5eebqvKrLW5q283w	fine	We went here for the fabulous UYE. As the restaurant is often empty, Julia though it would be good to give them some business...but in the end it was our group that ended up being given the business. The words highway robbery come to mind, but I guess we weren't really on the highway. The prices listed on the menu really didn't seem that out of line, a bit on the pricey side but nothing alarming. Our waitress slyly sold us a kazillion dollars worth of appetizers that were not on the menu. We got 4 plates which consisted of 4 individual sauces with some stuff in them...one had shrimp, one had chicken, one had pork, and one had chihuahua. Oh wait, I think that was the cheese on top. Anyway, the plate with 4 tablespoons of sauce was not worth the $25...oh wait, we got 4 of them. The waitress also managed to slip two orders of guacamole in on us for $11 a piece. As far as the entrees are concerned, the portions were small and the food was kind of meh. The mole was way too sweet for my taste. The biggest bummer of all was NO BOOZE! The $120 worth of appetizers would have gone over much better if they were washed down with some frosty margaritas. A couple of pitchers and they could have slipped us some $100 flan.  Regardless of the price and the mediocre food, it was well worth going for the amazing company of the awesome Phoenix Yelpers. I don't think I would go back for the food though.
zXg2O_QnpHQVD7e1azAu_w	fine	"Meh.  Seems to be a little expensive for what you get.  Nothing ""wowed"" me at all.  Many places similar to this one give you better food, and more of it for your money.  By the way - I tried this place TWICE and had same experience both times."
UYM3KZLe02XGmUx27AZl-Q	casual	Ask to sit outside, if you can! The patio is wide, clean, and fresh air goes great with a Grand Slam. Very kind manager working the day we called to see if we could bring our dog with us before we had to run off to her dog training. She said they don't normally allow pets out there, but since there was nobody outside, she would allow it unless someone complained. We got there, passed the pup over the gate, and had brinner like champs while watching the traffic. The manager came by to check on us and even brought out a bowl of water for Tatum. Like everyone says, it's Denny's food... what do you expect? But I think the hospitality makes all the difference.
j_KoJeo4mEyayKsyAsY7xg	fine	I've been looking for a decent prime rib in the area for years with no luck. That's all changed now. I found Lafitte's on Yelp, and was surprised - I had no idea it existed. I'm glad I came though. The prime rib was easily the best prime rib I've had in this part of town, and may be the best prime rib I've had in the under $20 price range in years. The place seems relatively unknown - it's hidden in the Embassy Suites Hotel. So on a Saturday night it was pretty slow - hardly anyone there. That's really a shame. The food was very good. It started with the salad. It seemed fresh - it didn't look or feel like it came from a bag. The greens weren't overly cold or wet, and it was arranged nicely on the plate. The bread was a simple sourdough. We ordered the petite cut, and when our waitress brought out the plate, I was a bit shocked. It was much larger than everyone else's large cut. I could barely eat it - that's saying something. I had the creaole jambalaya as a side. It was tasty with some spice. The sausage was tasty. The vegetables were ok - a mix of squash, colored onions, etc. The waitress was friendly and courteous, and never let our drinks get empty. The nest part was that two of us ate for less than $35. I'll be back!
42Ai9wcFPE2HZ_aADGXI9Q	casual	I was not a particular fan of this place. Went on a Friday evening after work. A friend wanted to try it because we always enjoy supporting new, local places.  They do have a very large selections of beer but the process is very confusing. All of the beers on tap are written on a very large chalkboard above the bar. They use several different colors of chalk for each selection making it very hard to read. It may be easier if they pick one color of chalk for each type of beer, that way it is easy to find what you want. Or have #1-5 be one type of beer, #6-10 another and so on. My boyfriend spent so long trying to find a beer on the board because of this. Two of our friends were so overwhelmed with the way the selections were presented they just asked the server to surprise them with a choice.   The acoustics in the place are terrible. It was so loud inside that it was hard to carry on a conversation at the table.   Also, no happy hour. This would be a great way to draw in an after work crowd.
vF4d_jh3shJx8jU39AZdqg	casual	The main reason to miss a star is that the one that we ordered (the mint-lamb) was a bit dry to my taste and no mint to taste at all. For desert we had the apple one and that was much better. I'd like to try a different one some other time and compare :).  Good environment, and for groups, friendly staff who would explain you what they are cooking!!
vfLog2bLJGl6hAFtGtr0GQ	fast	everytime my sister comes to town we go striaght from the airport to Karsh's. our intent is to buy bagels and we do, but we can never stop there and wind up with a variety of goodies. all that we have comsumed over the years has been really great. as for service, always with a smile and friendly attitude. we used to go here all the time when we lived on n. central, but since we moved to the other side of the world it has become a special occasion place. so please open one near us too.
u0NbikWwP7TVkMkCily-4g	casual	"I have to admit: I am impressed.  I have been to a few vegan-only-menu restaurants and I was... underwhelmed. Nothing against the raw food movement, but unless it is a raw-specific place, I expect more creativity. Show me what food can do, be, taste like. Don't just cut it up and toss it on a plate.  Four of us came in to eat on a Saturday and the place was PACKED. A good sign, surely, AND it was a really great mix of demographics: young and old, many nationalities, singles, couples, families... we liked that it had a wide appeal.  The place smelled fantastic, too, so we started perusing the menu long before we had a table to sit at. We waited about ten minutes for a table. It's a bit like a cafeteria in that you order and pay at the counter, and the food is brought to your table.  While we waited we were given a bowl of the ""house soup"" which, basically, was warm carrot water with a piece of carrot or two and some tiny, tiny mushrooms. We all agreed that it needed more of a broth flavor (more types of veg? more mushrooms?), but it was tasty enough and definitely whet our appetites for more.  The spring rolls were really good but needed more. As we removed the peanuts for my friend, I ""blame"" this on us... I will have to have them with the peanuts next time.  The crispy rolls were spiced and savory and light and perfectly crispy.   My favorite had to be the Pate Chaude. Flaky, savory with a bite from a wonderful combination of spices, and a meatiness from the mushrooms that made us think a die-hard carnivore in our lives may not miss the meat if he were to eat it. THE dish of the day, hands down.  The curries were a bit bland (Save-Planet and Divine Curry Noodles). They were fine, OK, but nothing that made us think we'd come just for that. Much better elsewhere.  The Gracious Spicy Noodle soup was really tasty but it needed a tad more spice. With spicy in the name, we expected more.   Some stuff is pretty basic: the sushi rolls are basic veggie sushi rolls. The rainbow salad is a tasty but commonplace cabbage and carrot slaw. The fried rice was fried rice. All yummy, all fine to eat, but nothing spectacular, different, or altogether exciting. Basic isn't bad.  Four stars for the surprising and amazing pate chaude and the rolls, for sure. Ideally, 3.5 stars this trip, but I rounded up for the good parts.   Couldn't go five stars for two reasons: too many items were just basic and the service is slooooooooow. 20+ minutes for fried rice (that we had to ask about)? 25+ minutes for some soup? It was a crap shoot as to what was going to be delivered and when. While they were swamped when we came in, the crowd was thinning out for their afternoon down time (they close from 3p-5p). Overall, our lunch took over 2 hours, most of it waiting on dishes to come out. No bueno if you have other plans that day.  So... tasty, some major standouts, some ""meh, I've had this before."" We *WILL* absolutely go back to give the menu more of a chance to wow us; the ones that knocked us off our feet are worth the return. (Hopefully it's delivered a little faster this time!)."
507GX11jtCsVYlzaur05_w	casual	Love this place. Quaint.  Nice owners.  The meatloaf is fantastic.  Reminds me a little of home in Mn.  .. . old house.
XKrEnL9yCtlhhIa6efbtGQ	casual	I read about Scramble on line so I thought I would go there for brunch and I loved it!! The Santa Fe eggs Benedict are amazing! The staff is friendly and the ambiance is incredible. I would highly recommend this place to anyone!!!
r3r_bAfa6pZKIhQB82FizQ	fast	"After waiting for over a month for this place to open, constantly annoyed by the sign on the door stating, ""Training in Progress"" I was expecting something spectacular. The name itself ""Revo Burrito, Revolutionary Mex"" set me up thinking I was walking into...a revolutionary burrito joint! My husband and I were disappointed to say the least. He had the Chicken Machaca Burrito, which the counter girl said was her favorite. And it was, well, just a chicken burrito, at best. There was so much liquid oozing out the bottom from the wet lettuce and wet pico that he had to move his chips to another plate because they were swimming. I had the Black Bean Burrito. The menu had stated the beans were slow simmered in garlic, onions & seasonings...sounded delish! However it tasted like they walked next door to Safeway and bought a can of black beans, heated them up and rolled them into a tortilla. It was also supposed to include their ""special cheese blend"" AND there was only a SLIGHT SPRINKLE of cheese...literally! I actually opened up the tortilla to make sure they didn't forget it. Call me crazy, but when I order a bean & CHEESE burrito, I'd like to have at least a small amount of cheese. I guess their idea of special cheese is magical, disappearing cheese. The rice with corn & a drizzle of cream was especially delicious & the fresh-squeezed lemonade was tart & perfectly sweetened. We also liked the decor & the windowed kitchen. For the price you pay for a very, simple burrito, that offers nothing revolutionary about it, their menu is over priced. I would rather go to Baja Fresh or any other neighborhood Mexican restaurant."
Z_KjmNp3sMwodUBTSgFZGw	fast	"This place is the white-trash Chipotle. The food is mediocre at best. I mean seriously, how can you just up and steal Chipotle's idea! There's no creativity there. The Habenaro Salsa is flavorless and not hot at all. Seriously? I asked for HOT, not some yellowish tomato concoction for the people who can't handle real salsa!  At least Chipotle has hot salsa (not too hot either but much better) for a fast Americanized mexican food. Of course I much rather have the real deal but I do like Chiptole for what it is. Not this crap that Qdoba tries to serve up.  The chicken is over seasoned and highly spiced/herbed you can barely taste the chicken. The Fajita veggie were the same. The product looked of very low quality. Oxidizing Guacamole and Lettuce. The meat looked unappetizing as well. Just not at the level of Chipotle. Although I have been here twice, this is the last time for me. I have been to one in Denver and for some reason thought it was better. So maybe it's management but I can say the food is less than good. I much rather go to Chiptole than this wannabe! Employees were dumber than a bag of Frijoles! This place has the worst ""Mexican"" Food I have ever had next to a pre made burrito from 7-11 or a burrito from Taco Bell. Just disgusting food."
yc5AH9H71xJidA_J2mChLA	casual	"This is one the best venues in Phoenix in my opinion for live music. Wonderfully low-lit, divey atmopshere, Great drink prices and down-to-earth crowd with no pretense or attitude. The bouncer/doorman was ALL pimped out and welcomed me with a handshake. This is really a great alternative from hitting a bar or a club. A true gem in The Valley. Only downside is parking. The neighbors don't like it if you park in front of their house-my friend was yelled at by one of them. And they ""punished"" me by positioning their trash cans in front of and in back of my car.  If said neighbor is reading this review, know this: Next time, I'm going to take out your stupid trash cans. I understand it sucks to have people park in front of your house, but I was not loud, nor did I puke or urinate or your lawn, so chill!"
QMsUey4Xi1VfHkwbI8YxdQ	fine	Move over Jacques Torres! Angela has come to town and just might be the next big thing for Phoenix (and the confectionary world!) I happened to find this place just on a whim....I was reminiscing the other day about all the wonderful chocolatiers in other big cities, and it occured to me 'maybe there is a chocolatier in Phoenix?' Sure enough, there is!! (thanks yelp!) and she's GOOD!!!! Angela is as sweet as her candy is! She explained how she just started this business in October of last year; she is a self-taught, talented and creative, as authentic as it gets, chocolatier! She uses all organic ingredients, including fair-trade organic chocolate. You will find many whimsical truffle flavor creations like Raspberry Rose, Mudslide, Strawberry Balsamic, Lavender Lemonade, Madras Curry, Avacado Wasabi, Maple-Smoked Bacon (yeah, I KNOW!)....and like a million more! AND the best news of all, is that she says she has perfected a dairy-free recipe for truffles...I. CAN'T. WAIT! I hope I'm the first to order that batch!! Besides beautiful, flavorful truffles, she makes her own marshmallows (in various amazing flavors as well) Chocolate Bark (which is always dairy-free) and even different hot chocolate mixes. The most amazing thing of all is....now, get ready for this....all of this magic comes right out of her home kitchen!! THAT means, everything is made with *love* :) So, if you happen to yelp this, like I did, the map will actually take you to her business, which is located in her house, in a neighborhood (a little confusing at first....) but it IS LEGIT! She said normally it's by appointment only (I was not) but she gladly had me in and I got to see some of her gastronomic creations anyways (yay!) However, she says that she normally sells her stuff at the South Scottsdale Farmers Market (Wednesdays) and the Tempe Farmers Market (on Warner and McClintock on Saturdays) In fact, if you go to her website, you can customize a box of chocolates and pick it up at the farmers market of your choice... (can't wait to do this!!) Needless to say, this made my day...no, like, my week! SO excited to have a real, gourmet chocolatier right in my own neck of the woods! Woo hoo!!
zSzE4rW9FE3fGqiEzZ91Vw	fast	"Walk the other way, just walk right the hell the other way...  Here was how this played out.  Oktoberfest a few days ago.  Starting the night off.  I walk past this place and see a place that sells a slice of pizza for $1.99.  Good, right?  No.    me: ""Hi, one slice of pizza please"" guy: ""you buy drink with it, 4 dollars."" me: ""no, just one slice of pizza"" guy: ""we do not sell one slice, you have to buy a drink.  4 dollars""  I should have pulled a flag on this play at this point, but knowing I was going to be drinking I move forward wanting food in me. Not a wise move.  me: ""so, I can't buy one slice?"" guy: ""no, you buy a drink with slice, 4 dollars."" me: ""It doesn't say that anywhere on the menu or walls"" guy: ""No, do not sell one slice. me: ""what the... O.K., give me 2 slices of pizza"" guy: ""you buy two slices then."" me: ""yes, Jesus Christ, yes"" guy: ""toppings?"" me: ""no, no toppings.  cheese."" guy: ""we have toppings.""  what is this guy, fucking deaf?   me: ""no thanks""  I give him the money.  guy: ""it take 10 minutes, you wait.""  I don't think they run the air conditioner in this place, so I wait outside.  Pizza comes out.  Tastes like absolute crap.  I eat it outside because in September in Chandler Arizona it is cooler outside then inside this place.  I think they had the thermostat set to ""HELL"" Guy working or running the place comes outside and stares me down as I am eating.  I'm sure if you want to eat here you can check the dumpster for plenty of slices to try beforehand to avoid having to pay for one.  Excuse me, avoid having to pay for two.  However after what I had served to me I'm pretty sure they will beat you to the garbage cans and sell it back to some other unsuspecting soul.  I was the only one dumb enough to finish all the food.  Wouldn't eat here if there was a natural disaster and this place was the last to be ransacked for provisions.  I'd keep walking.  FAIL."
wP5849J1DKB2KS3M6UwOAg	casual	"First off, let me congratulate OHSO on being open for business!  I was thrilled to see another local watering hole open in the neighborhood.  I frequent Arcadia Tavern and JT's often and will most likely add O.H.S.O to the rotation.  Upon entering OHSO, I remember my first impression being ""Is this place really ready to be open for business"".  I noticed a few unfinished details on the building (maybe intentionally) that left me wondering if this place decided to open overnight.  Simple said, I appreciate good service.  There was a lack of this at O.H.S.O.  We were not greeted when we walked in.  There was a group of employees talking at the host stand and I had to approach them before they recognized our group.  They quickly said it was open seating and got back to their converstaion.  We grabbed seats in a booth in the bar area.  We probably sat there for about 5 mins trying to make sense of the various colored menus strewn across the table.  As we were all very thirsty for a cold beer, we decided to finally order at the bar.  Someone eventually came by.  After some of our party left, 2 of us moved up to the bar and asked the bartender a few questions.  No one seemed to know what was going on.  Everyone appeared to be extremely busy with ""busy work"" instead of helping the patrons.  Seemed like a lack of training with the staff.  Overall, I think this place has the potential to be a cool spot and truly hope it does well.  If I could offer a few suggestions, they would be:  1.  Have a dedicated host(s) greet people at the front door.  Take a hint from Arcadia Tavern.  I have never walked in there and not been greeted by a friendly smile. 2.  Get the music in order.  If you want to a progressive/hip local brewery, you are going to have to do better than a ""killers"" album that was popular 4 years ago. 3.  You have something that people want...BEER!  It's great service and attention to detail that will keep patrons coming back.  I look forward to my next visit and I hope some of these kinks are worked out."
kKpqsgTcYmMVAcTSHs8fTw	casual	An interesting concept that didn't end up being what I hoped for. I was pretty excited to try the Posh Noodles & Noshes Japanese street food as prepared by Josh Hebert. I love Japanese food and was looking forward to the dishes that are not readily available in Phoenix. Unfortunately I was underwhelmed by both the venue and the food. The location inside the Lexington Hotel has definitely seen better days. An attempt has been made to create a temporary generic space with chalkboard walls and butcher paper topped tables. However, it came across as worn and dingy. Our waitress was not familiar with the menu or drink offerings ('I didn't work here last night') but was friendly and did find out answers from other staff. Foolishly thinking that we would love each and every dish and take home a lot to enjoy the next day, we tried a large assortment. An expensive mistake. Duck Gyoza w/ Ponzu - I prefer steamed gyoza over the fried presentation here. Also, these had the tiniest, greasy portion of filling I have ever seen. Homemade Tofu w/ Ginger, Scallion, Cherry Blossom - this was good, with a sweet, dessert-like flavor but a somewhat runny texture. Okonomiyaki - this 'Japanese pizza' was among the better items. However, the texture of the ingredients was strange - i.e. full slices of bacon rather than smaller bite-sized pieces made greasier than it needed to be and messy to eat Tako Yaki - again, a strange texture with awkward large chunks of octopus surrounded by 'breading' that fell apart easily The ramen dishes (Miso Ramen w/ Pork, Goma Ramen w/ Pork and Shitake Mushroom Rames) were small, and more or less indistinguishable from one another. We left most of them behind, deciding not to take anything with us. The dessert, Green Tea Pot de Crème was a nice finish but did not make me feel better overall about the $100+ meal.
T5jyDe3MVb_4quR9qnoUcg	casual	Everything is awesome at this place, and authentic according to my Japanese friend.  I just love the fact that they have more than just sushi. Their fish with rice dish was amazing. Since I've come to AZ, I've never seen this dish at any Japanese restaurants around here.  The staff is all Japanese, with somewhat limited English, so I guess you know you're at an authentic place.
eHC_xNrT1SkJyC2oncJlhw	casual	the food is excellent but the waiters and waittresses need to get fired. some standouts on the menu are the hummus app, the greek platter (hummus, pita, and all that other stuff everyone knows but can't pronounce), the chicken wrap thing and the gigantor fruit salad. make sure you don't go on a friday night with a group of  8, otherwise you'll have to wait 45 minutes only to be sqozen into a table for 4.
qjmCVYkwP-HDa35jwYucbQ	casual	We got an online coupon to try this place and went on a Sunday around 7pm for dinner. The decor is very cool-neat floral booths with plastic overlay, beer taps at the booths, amazing mural on the far right wall.  We both enjoyed our margaritas, which for the size were fair on the $8 price tag.  The food was tasty, but not original. We ordered the ceviche app (which we liked the best), the mushroom tacos and the house salad with shrimp. Although our waitress came back and informed us that they were out of shrimp so we opted to try it without as there aren't too many non-meat or fish options on the menu. The smashed plantains and pumpkin seeds were a nice touch in the salad, but it was lacking something special.  I can see coming here for happy hour or for a fri/sat night drink. They had a DJ booth which was cool, but (and I may sound old for saying this) it was just too loud for a Sunday night dinner.
wn7GiuOQ_0VrPXNc1wVTDA	casual	It pains me to write a negative review of PJ, but I just have to ...  I was so excited for the new location to open because my husband and I go to the Indian School location any time we're down that way, and this is way closer to home. We were impressed by all the room up there! Not cramped like the other locations. Unfortunately, the food was not nearly as good! Both of our meals were not nearly as good as we've had before (at the other locations).  Also, our service was terrible. We asked another server if ours was new, but nope: She'd bee there since it opened a couple months ago. She forgot jalapeno our hummus appetizer (to their credit, they brought it out after our meal and gave it to us for free, but it was bland and not that good). She charged me for a side of tahini, even though it was supposed to come with my veggie burger, and she never refilled our drinks.  Overall, this was a very disappointing PJ experience. I'll try again one more time, but if it doesn't improve, I won't be going back to this North Valley location. :(
NCtzWkMbE13r2M2Sg0wH9w	casual	Being Indian, and having grown up in London, I have been pretty spoilt for Indian food. Imagine my dismay when I moved to Phoenix! I've tried many different places here in town desperately trying to recapture the memory of a good London curry house but each time I've left either disappointed or clutching my guts fearing what may come.  Couple of friends introduced me to this place a few months ago and I'm stoked. It's not as good as the stuff back home. And I'm sure you can get better in San Francisco or New York. But if you are looking for something closer to home you can't go wrong.  Plus its got the real live Indians eating in there too. Can't be bad!!
IoFggnoj1P4EcmNEP2K6Ng	casual	This has become one of my favorites.  They're friendly,  reasonably priced and the food is always delicious.  My husband and I have tried a number of their items, but my personal favorites are the BBQ pork appetizer, house fried rice, the mushu and lemon chicken.  My husband also loves the house fried rice, the mushu and the orange chicken.  One of the things that is so wonderful about this place is, the food isn't heavy.  The sauces are light and fresh tasting.  Plus, I'm lucky enough to be in their delivery zone.  When I get delivery, the food is still hot and tastes like it was made just a few minutes earlier.  I have yet to be disappointed by anything I've ordered here, and to me, that's a sign of a good restaurant.
eW-hTjKrt91NnQ9xzMYtDQ	fast	WOW this place is good!  SO good!  And not just yummy good, but intrinsically good.  Check out their amazing list of environmentally responsible business practices - http://essencebakery.com/essence_bakery_environmentally_friendly.shtml !    That, and it's cute.  And it tastes Yummy!  And they are SO nice!  SOOO nice!  And their deserts are just disgustingly cute and beautiful and freaking good.  I almost bought the mini box of 4 cupcakes for just $3.50.  Bite sized so not too bad, but if I bought them today they'd be gone before I got home.   I got their grilled cheese w/ mozzarella, basil and tomato on grilled buttery brioche bread with a light and tasty green salad on the side.  It will be hard to not come here every week.  I love that all the drinks are refillable - and it's up to you to refill them.  Coffee, tea or soda, just walk on up and fill your glass.  And I love that it's all so fresh and local!    Important note - You order at the counter, they give you a number and bring out your food.  If you're paying w/ debit card, they will ask you if you want to include a tip.  That threw me.  I'd been in the place less than 2 minutes - how do I know if it's worth the tip - or how much of a tip it's worth??  Bring some cash or plan to deal w/ that question accordingly.
4DhqZ0tyi2V2Mp8IqTREAA	casual	"My boyfriend and I were searching for a dive near our house in Old Town for when we just aren't feeling the typical Scottsdale vibe.  I gotta tell you, I think we found it.    We walked in around 7 on a Thursday night, just looking to have a few drinks and some time to talk.  I immediately realized this was not an Old Town bar.  I think I might have been the youngest person there and no one was pretentious at all.  They have a dart board and pool table, and seating with walled mirrors all around.  The patio was extremely well-misted, which was great since it was the day before 4th of July and everyone was pretty much sweltering.  Drinks were stiff and not too expensive and the crowd grew younger as the night went on.  I didn't meet tons of people, but the ones iI did either seemed drunk, super nice or both - not a bad combination.    I would go back again, just not every night (what do you think I am, an alcoholic?)  Also - for those of you with bladders of steel and small wallets, I saw a sign that says they do bladder buster deals on Tuesday night.  Small cover and incredibly cheap drinks until someone ""breaks the seal"".  I would suck at this, but I'm sure many a person has taken advantage of this interesting drink special."
zyCrtvCPdSZDhUrH86vbeA	casual	Yum. Only wish this place was closer to my side of town so I could eat there more often. Babbo (doesn't this mean Santa in Italian?) is a neighborhood Italian food joint that gives you big, tasty portions of food for little prices. My friend and I always go here with her fam when she's in town, and I always look forward to it. The menu is filled with tons of pastas and all the regular Italian fare you'd expect to find, but they also have some great, unexpected desserts. They have this apple calzone that is so freaking good, but the only downside is that it takes forever to cook. Order it while you're still eating your dinner so you won't be sitting there for another 30 minutes waiting on it. They also have a huge half baked cookie dessert kinda like the amazing one at Oregano's. And while it's not as good, it comes pretty close. The desserts are ginormous, so sharing is best.
RUZvUPOn90ScX60eETwcCw	fine	"My husband and I ventured up to BLT Steak at Camelback Inn on Friday evening to celebrate our third wedding anniversary, which was two days earlier. We sat inside and our corner table gave us a perfect view of Camelback Mountain at night.   Our waiter was super nice and did a great job of suggesting items and answering questions when we had them. There was a seperate server who kept our water glasses full all night - we couldn't take more than two sips without having them refilled it seemed like. My only negative about our waiter was that when it was time for a new glass of wine for me, he didn't check with me first to see if I wanted another glass of the same wine. I think we all know the common saying about assuming things...  On to the food...here's what we sampled:  Popovers - delicious. I was a bit skeptical about the butter and sea salt, especially since I don't like butter very much, but it was great!   Caesar salad - good size and it was one of the best caesar salads I have had in awhile.   Crabcake - my least favorite part of the meal. While it wasn't horrible, there was a bit too much celery for my taste and not enough crab meat.  Cowboy Ribeye - since it was 22 oz, I graciously told my husband that I would have some of it so he could order it. Now those that know me know that I don't eat red meat because I don't like the taste. But I sucked it up and had some...holy crap, I had a few bites and said, ""Wow, this is really good"". So that should say something about how good it was. However, my husband did think the outside was a tad too well done, although the meat itself was cooked perfectly. While he liked the ribeye, he did think his steak at SW Steakhouse in Las Vegas was better.  Mashed potatoes - is it possible to get divorced over mashed potatoes? I thought we were going to throw it down because one side of the potatoes was just not enough!! They were sooo creamy and delicious.   Chocolate peanut butter mousse - we got our dessert for free since when I made the reservation I indicated we were celebrating our anniversary. The dessert was a nice way to end the meal, although the chocolate on top was just a touch too rich for my taste.  With tip, our bill came to $162 which we did not think was bad at all for as much as we ordered. Unfortunately we didn't get to sit on the patio or enjoy the view at sunset, but I guess that means we'll have to go back which isn't a bad thing at all!"
WSHQ9qpL39g5xA3E5iBCmw	casual	I don't drink, so my review will not be intoxicated by anything except the building.  I gave it two stars for the building.  They did a beautiful job with the remodel (I'm a mid-century and Haver fan.)  The food wasn't anything to write home about.  I have to admit that I'm particularly tough on restaurants filled with...I don't know what to call them...scenesters, I guess.  Service was ok.  Its not BAD, mind you, its just that I don't get it.  I guess if you're paying with credit cards all the time, you don't care how much mediocre food costs, as long as it makes you feel cool about eating there.
TgxDGx7L_JICWbuBUCGVqw	casual	Been to the Rose and Crown a couple of times now and have sampled some food. They have an extensive beer selection, including Sessions. It's an American lager. Very tasty! They also have Carlsberg, which I am told is the Bud Light of Europe. I still love it! The french fries are the TITS! They are so good I was unashamedly eating them off of someone else's plate without asking. I have had the Reuben and was uninspired. The corned beef was good, but overall just lacking. I guess that is what I get for getting a Jew sandwich at an Irish pub.   The decor is cool! There are futbol kits and scarves along the walls. Ya know soccer? Wonder if they show games there on the weekends? Do they have TVs? Oh well. The place is a little small, but quaint. They do have a nice patio that has ample space. Cool place to hang out on a spring night. I think they had live music too.
zOCdVUKUN3b-obT67Qjyww	fine	"This just in: Houstons is on steroids! Yup, it's true.   If you're familiar with Houston's you're familiar with Hillstone. But, Hillstone is better in my opinion. Why?   -Wonderful outside ""first come first served"" patio seating with fireplaces  -Indoor/Outdoor space for the bar area  -A sushi bar (and shockingly really good sushi. We had the mango salmon roll - delicious).  -No need to worry about Valet... lots of parking.  -Great service.  What hasn't changed is the menu and the crowd. Still your 40+ real estate suits - or should I say jeans + a blazer - and all the cougary women that come along with these men... Not knocking it, simply the truth.  Overall, a great place for a good American meal, people watching or to take your parents. This isn't a place you'll be racing to take your friends who just came into town... it's a chain restaurant. There are way too many locally owned gems in the Valley to spend too much time here."
1AMncE6Lxdr6J9PeqZi4nA	casual	Heart be still I loved this place. Way better than I expected. I had the spicy noodles and they were delicious, flavor great and quality was on point. For desert the sticky rice with mango, I dream about it now. Highly recommend if you are in the mood for Thai food. I'll be back!
wyxsEFTGC1MuadT2SpTE3g	fine	Why would I go to a restaurant and hope for the worst?  Because I'm a snob and as a snob I was convinced that The Capital Grille would fall short of my extremely high expectations.  Not so.  Bread basket: Outstanding onion bread, a pumpernickel/golden raisin bread, and some crisp cracker bread.  Nice all around.  Extensive wines by the bottle with some great values to be had.  I did not check by the glass.  Our wine was decanted artfully at our table and the staff had a ready knowledge of the vineyard and year we had selected.  Husband had:  Oysters -  Blue point tonight, small this time of year so no big surprise there, well prepared and delicious.  Lamb chop - Perfectly flavored and cooked, Frenched, the definition of how to prepare and cook a lamb chop perfectly.  Potato Au Gratin - Typical steakhouse Au gratin.  Excellent flavor, huge portion, guaranteed to please a crowd (or anyone that loves a delicious cheesy crusted potato).  I had:  Prosciutto Wrapped Mozzarella - You can't imagine how good this is....a lovely thin slice of prosciutto cooked to crisp perfection wrapped around a fresh piece of mozzarella cheese, with just the right amount of melt but not escaping the prosciutto shell.  A parmesan toast and tomato salad round this out.  You might as well as shaved gold on the side.  Sliced filet - I'm not going to go into detail, just know that the answer is YES! (Is it fantastic? Is it cooked to perfection? Is the flavor wonderful? Is it a great cut?)  Asparagus with Hollendaise - Awesome stuff.  Nice to have a great hollendaise that I didn't have to prepare.  Service - Our server was so outstanding I'm going to contact the manager at this location.  Atmosphere - We had a corner table that gave us great privacy.  We could not hear our neighbors.
h7hr0v3E1ulU2sXNItD5UQ	casual	Ate here months ago. Was excited to finally find a Phoenix sushi venue, and one that also offered brown rice as a sub for sushi dishes (don't quote me on this however, since it has been many months and I may be recalling another venue). One item did impress me, and that was the complimentary appetizer that was comprised of tempura'd chips with perhaps a squid salad topping (?) I should have just ordered another serving of this! Instead, I tried an Ao Yasai (mixed gourmet greens with ginger) and a sushi roll w/ brown rice, the latter I thought was price-y considering the very small portion given. I was so unimpressed by its unexciting flavors that I don't even recall what kind of roll I tried! Pretty sad, I know. I told myself I wouldn't go back, but I would like to give Hana another try, perhaps for lunch and/or dinner with a group of friends and have apps and wine/sake!
cgNIBHS2mLdbTRiodAT6EQ	fine	I am with some of the others in not understanding these poor reviews. I am from Rhode Island and Italian food is at our fingertips, and in Arizona, there are few and far between authentic non chain Italian restaurants. I feel that although ambiance is important, I didn't see anything wrong with Lo Cascio's. There were no cheesy paper protectors over a linen table cloth, and there were no paper place mats with several business names, so not sure what the issue was there. And as far as the music....I would be annoyed too if I had to work there every night, but again, it only added to the atmosphere. In my opinion, some of the best Italian food does not come with yuppie atmosphere.   For the appetizer we had the fried mozzarella which my husband and I enjoyed very much. The marinara poured over it was on the chunkier side and I loved it because it tasted just like a sauce an old Italian friend of mine made. It was perfect. I had eggplant parmesan for my entree, and it tasted just like NYC Italian. The eggplant didn't have the shit fried out of it, and it had the finest light coating just the way I love my favorite dish. And my husband had veal milanese which was out of this world. It was in a sauce of lemon and wine, mushrooms and artichokes.   I also want to mention, we had the most Attentive waitress that I have ever had. Her name is Katie, and she was very sweet always asking us after each course if we needed anything and how everything tasted.   We will definitely be back here, we live down the road now in our new home and I am very happy there is a great little Italian restaurant nearby. I am also happy I didn't let the negative reviews scare me.
n-Q7d10K0h6PyNewmiHLyg	casual	"Happy hour was hopping today, unlike last week. Bartender Ryan wasn't there, but no worries, as Stefan was just as able and gracious. I selected the cab to go with the RF ""Big Ass Burger,"" even though I wanted to try the zin. Did I choose wrong? I'll try the zin next time. Since I enjoyed the chile-pistachio bread last week, I asked if I could have the commercially-made burger bun swapped out with the new-recipe chile-pecan bread. No problem. Ordered it medium, no pickles. By the time I had thought to take photos of the burger (I was starving so I dug right in!), the scene was a mess! From the very first slice, the longhorn cheddar-topped patty crumbled into many pieces- I kept wishing I had a spoon to scoop them up! No matter, as it was still a wonderful meal- loved the smoked bacon, and the chipotle mayo worked well both as a burger condiment and as a dip for the wonderfully crisp and seasoned fries (see photos). If only there are more happy hour meal selections (only two, excluding the salads) for me to enjoy. Guess I'll be forced to try the Huckleberry bread pudding with creme anglaise and vanilla bean ice cream next time... woe is me ;)"
muCl5p-9ut1sY0aKeUeRhw	casual	I had the pleasure of visiting FBH with my fave Foodie Bear and Robert a while back. (Yeah I'm behind on reviews). All I can say is WOW. I have become a fan of FBH. We walked in to a small, clean space. You order your yummy meal at the counter and you have to be quick to grab a table! My advice, grab a table then go order. For my yummy meal I had the fry bread with beans and green chile. I was delighted to see that I could wash my guilt-ridden meal down with Big Red Cream soda...mmm.. When I bit into my fry bread it was crispy and light on the outside and nice and chewy in the middle. It was so good. I wished for a little more spice or flavor from the green chile sauce, but it still did the job. We also tried the chocolate and butter fry bread. It was so-so in my opinion, but I'm not much of a sweets person so definitely not a knock on FBH!   I will certainly visit FBH again maybe after I do a giant work out or have been fasting for 5 days... it's just too good to eat on a regular basis!
_CG5zJAoNN6gszjhSyUcww	fine	I've always had consistent quality of food and service here.    Standard menu....everything is a la carte.  I've been to this specific location about half a dozen times....  I recommend City Hall or Mastro's (N. Scottsdale), over Morton's.  But between Fleming's and here, it's a tossup.  I would eat at either....but I would probably choose Fleming's over Morton's.
J-c25QK8xBqv1P-huUkoTQ	fine	ADORABLE PLACE!  Wraps, Pastas, Salads, Pizza, Gelato, Pastries, Sodas and Such   Super darling place that makes you feel so comfortable.  Looks like they have computers to use (i don't know if there is a charge). The inside is precious, decorated to the T-- not a single spot was missed.  Our food was placed on a silver tray and handed over to us to sit in a comfy booth and enjoy our wraps and pizza.  It was really good.  The place is just so darn adorable; it's hard to concentrate on the food when everything was so POSH while you NOSH.  Get it?
vlKuU9Jvo88EuaYQodElQw	fast	I got a BBQ chicken sandwich and all the bones came complementary! SICK!  I almost broke my teeth when I bit into it.  The service was even worse, the manager (I think) stood in the way of me ordering while he was talking on the phone about football for about 10 min.GROSS!
Vb9FPCEL6Ly24PNxLBaAFw	fast	"Person 1: ""So, where do you want to go to lunch?"" Person 2: ""Hmmm. I'm not sure"" Person 1: ""Want to go to Paradise?"" Person 2: ""Naaah, we've been there three times recently."" Person 1: ""What about Subway?"" Person 2: ""I'm so damned tired of sandwiches. . ."" Person 1: ""Well, here's Qdoba."" Person 2: ""Qdoba? Okay, I haven't been there in a while. We can get in and out pretty quickly and get back to work."" That's pretty much how it is. Nobody really plans to go out and eat at Qdoba. It's one of those places you decide to go to on the fly or because you've eaten everywhere else. The Mexifood is fair. Nothing special, nothing bad, nothing to distinguish it. There's tons of Mexican joints within ten miles that are better, but Qdoba's here in this strip mall. Haven't eaten here in a while and don't want to drive any further? This will make a nice alternative, and then you'll be good on this place for another six months or so. . ."
jvvh4Q00Hq2XyIcfmAAT2A	fine	I can't believe some of the things I've been seeing people NAG about in their reviews for this new restaurant! I set my standards pretty high for Rice Paper and they did not disappoint!   I took my wife on a date here last night because she really loves beef pho, and had been waiting for this place to open up! The atmosphere was very bright and welcoming, as well was our server! He sat down with us and quickly went over what was good and what was popular with most patrons so far. We took him up on a few of his suggestions and started with the fried calamari. I'm not sure what they bread it with but it was delicious, and the squid was perfect; not too soft, not too chewy!  For our main course I ordered the Shaking Beef, which was cubed filet mignon served over onions on a sizzling platter in a special sauce, with a side of rice and grilled zuchinni... again on the suggestion of my server! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND! My wife got the beef pho... at first I was a bit iffy on it because the broth looked very clear as if it were going to be somewhat watery... but it was VERY well seasoned! Our server told us that the broth stews for at least 12 hours allowing it to achieve the best flavor from the pho spices! VERY IMPRESSED!   Yes, it is much pricier than your average pho joint, but I'd rather pay a bit extra for a nice, clean and slightly upscale atmosphere! And the quality of the food is MUCH higher than the mystery meat you'll get in your bowl of pho at some other places!   Well done Rice Paper, we WILL be back!
tr4L9VWmPGZtdBD-L2Pofw	fast	I've been eagerly awaiting the opening of this place, since it's on the way home from work.   I finally got the chance to stop by yesterday. They've been open about a week now. They are located on the north west corner of Guadalupe & McClintock, between the pet food store and Panda Express.   Super cute place, has a roll up/fold up door so the whole front of the building can be open, right onto their little patio. You can sit inside or outside!   Tons of different flavors! I tried the Peanut Butter & Jelly & a mint/chocolate one. Both were very tasty. I ended up going with their chocolate yogurt with some peanut butter sauce, a Giradelli chocolate sauce and peanut butter cups. SO GOOD. A decent sized cup cost about $3.30.   The girl who rang me up was super nice, and offered me up little sample cups.   The only suggestion I have is to label the toppings. Yes, most all of them are self-explantory, but a lot of those candy bars look the same all chopped up!   I will be back for sure!
4nco5mjBAix4kp_7mZuc2w	casual	I have shared many an awful, hungover morning with my favorite stars from the Gay Corridor. The service can be on the scary tweaker side, but it's a good, simple breakfast that doesn't stress my dehydrated mind to find deliciousness. They've also many different healthy options, not that I've ever done more than glance at those, but it's wonderful nonetheless. It's the crown and glory of Park Central, and the only reason I still consider Park Central an actual place, as opposed to the reality of it just being a bad idea.
oAxR0TJhPHMrN_hjQWBWMA	casual	"After SMOCA opening night, I just wanted to relax with some friends and not go get wasted or have to wait a long time to get a seat at a trendy bar on a Friday night. Oh yeah, and get something to eat. I had remembered some generally good reviews of Drift, had noticed it when going to shows at Martini Ranch, and really wanted something with coconut (?).  After a terrifying short-cut with a walking GPS that I was sure was leading us to our death (or at least led us to dog-shit on the sidewalk at one point), we ended up here with a nice enough door guy. Inside I was really impressed. It was a lot nicer than I thought it would be, more sophisticated and while it was Tiki-themed, I thought it was very tongue in cheek COOL interpretation of tiki (very hard to pull off).   We asked for a booth and got one near the door (which lead to superior people watching later). Our booth was creamy, spacious, left us with no ass swamp, (although the acoustics were a little bad-I had trouble hearing someone two people away) and showed us more intimate tables in very Ikea-esqe and mod black leather. This place is surprisingly classy. The giant aquarium at the bar was goregous and if I ended up here with one other person, I would def. sit there.  Our waitstaff was extremely sweet, the food (veggie spring rolls, coconut shrimp, and pot stickers) were not that expensive (5-8) and surprisingly good. Kristin and I got two orders of spring rolls. We took the longest time deciding drinks-I got the old fashioned Pina Colada in a coconut shell (YUM) and Erica got the Evil Bastard which was set on fire and it was damn potent. I was very giggly the rest of the night.   Looking around, this WAS not a pick up scence. Groups of friends just sat around chatting. On the way to the bathrooms, a small open lounge was dominated by one party having a lot of fun. The bathroom sink blew my mind and I still don't know what sets it off...although my theory is some dude needs to flush the toilet for water to come down and vice versa. I started freaking out in my drunky state, saying ""I have soapy hands goddamit! And I'm smart! How does this shit turn on!"" wiping my hands on the sink with tiny amounts of water.  Overall, a very chill scene with a bizarre assortment of people (bro dogs, homely couples, musicians, barbies, and just regular folks) perfect for a second or third date for a casually romantic drink or two."
LfKPiwth-lGmCKTxlDoV9g	casual	"Spotted Donkey Cantina is amazing! They have delicious Mexican food, and fantastic margaritas to wash everything down with. You do have to pay for chips and salsa here, so there probably won't be any of that four bowl snacking before your main entree's come, but the medley of salsa's it comes with make it all worth it. I've tried quite a few of the dishes here, and they've all been excellent. In no particular order are my favorites: cheddar enchilada's with hatch chiles and rice...spicy! santa fe macaroni and cheese...again- spicy! cod and shrimp tostada's- delicious! shrimp fajitas shrimp tacos And for dessert: fried banana wraps or the mango margarita sundae!"""
KzZ5Zww9W0IBWm5S2loUmQ	casual	While Scottsdale's Jackrabbit Supper Club is Britney Spears-approved -- the pop singer made the rounds last December when she reportedly made out with Arizona Cardinals hottie Matt Leinart -- it's a little too clubby for my taste. The music is usually loud, making it hard to carry on a conversation and nearly everyone looks like they stepped out of the pages of a fashion magazine. Oh, and be prepared to throw down more than the norm for drinks -- martinis are $13! If all of this isn't scaring you away, you'll probably have a good time. And the best part? The bar offers hourly burlesque-style performances from the club's saucy dancers.
4Pf9DQBcR23A6Lg2pDsrBQ	casual	Great neighborhood sports bar.  They've got something like 35 HD TV's  all arranged so you can get a good view no matter where you sit.  The staff is friendly, drinks are inexpensive (like $10.00 for 1 beer and 2 vodka/soda), and their food is tasty.  They have a large comfy outdoor seating area if you want to catch some fresh air.  My only complaint about this place is on the weekends they usually have a cover band... not that the band is terrible or anything (i think they switch it up so it's  not always the same band anyway), but they're loud and if you're there to watch a game, forget about hearing anything relating to the game, including the people you are with.  I can see how this could go either way with people since it does add kinda a rockin' environment, which is nice, depending on your mood.  Oh and they have those satellite speaker things so you have this box at your table and you can tune the sound to whichever game you're interested in listening to, not that it matters when the band is playing, but every other time it's cool.
c0iszTWZwYtO3TgBx0Z0fQ	fine	I have been here several times now and have never had a bad experience yet.  Good food, good service; no complaints.   Still have never made it here for happy hour, but their specials during that time seem like quite a deal.  The staff are always friendly and seem to remember us from one visit to another.  I've only ever eaten sushi here, but they have a lot of other menu items that I would like to try at some point, but I always turn to the sushi as it has always been good and fresh.  I would recommend trying this restaurant.
eIxSLxzIlfExI6vgAbn2JA	fast	Nothing like Capriotti's in other cities.  They don't have the same menu offerings as east coast locations, and even though I ate here when not busy it took a very long time for the food to arrive.  Parking is frustrating too because of the adjacent Starbucks patrons occupying so many spots.  Very poor chips selection as well - only two choices.  Really? 2 chips?
QbqJEXdngh_9fwqVTI0CJQ	casual	We got here around midnight last Friday... the place was dead. However, they were still serving food and we enjoyed some well made pub grub. Service was friendly, quality cocktails were served, and the atmosphere is derived from an old Uno's, which certainly works for a sports bar. It being located in a somewhat commercial area, I can see why it's empty so late on a Friday. From what my friends tell me - this is a great spot for happy hour, and it stays relatively busy thru 10pm.  *UPDATE - Great patio for day-drinking on the weekends!
IYYaa562PybzXf8tQnT17w	fast	On a cold winter day, the craving for hot comfort in a bowl makes a person do strange things. It found me driving to a kind of shady part of Mesa, while braving the cold winds in search of a perfect bowl of phò.  My new holy grail of Vietnamese restaurants is Phú Thành, located in a rundown strip mall on Southern and Extension. A good Vietnamese restaurant is usually kind of old, slightly dingy and super cheap, and in this case all the basics were met and exceeded.  Phú Thành is a no-frills kind of place. Inside it screams for a makeover. Though clearly from another era, it is clean and functional. The service is friendly and the kitchen is fast.  There might be a slight familiarity here the owners of Phú Thành and my favorite central Vietnamese joint Da Vàng are brothers. The menus of the two places are almost identical, and they offer a lot.  The No. 50 Chà Giò ($2) is what good Vietnamese cooking is all about. Two golden-brown, crunchy egg rolls filled with shrimp and pork are hands on and interactive. Served with a plate of lettuce leaves and herbs, you wrap the egg roll in lettuce and garnish with mint and cilantro, then dunk them into the house-made n?òc châm, a sweet and spicy dipping sauce. The fresh lettuce and herbs cut through the richness of the egg roll, which on its own might be slightly oily.  Applying the same hands-on approach, the No. 54 Bánh Xèo ($3.95) replaces the rolls with a pan-fried rice flour crepe. The exterior is slightly crispy, while the soft interior is filled with shrimp and bean sprouts. Of all the Bánh Xèo I've tried, this version is by far my favorite. It's full of flavor and texture.  Phó (pronounced like the bad word) is not only fun to say, but fun to eat. Eight versions of the noodle soup are offered, from traditional beef to chicken. Pay attention to the menu description when ordering since you might wind up with unfamiliar cuts of meat.  I'm adventurous and love the textures of beef tendon and tripe, so I was in heaven when my steaming bowl of No. 1 Phò Phú Thành ($4.95) arrived. The broth was incredibly fragrant with clove and star anise. This really should be made into an air freshener.  Along with the condiments at the table, the soup comes with a plateful of basil and bean sprouts. But also include limes and chilis to add texture, flavor and depth to your pho experience.  For something hearty and comforting, the No. 7 Mì Bò Kho ($4.75) is a bowl of chewy egg noodles filled with a beef stew. Tender pieces of stewed carrots and beef grace the rich and complex flavors of the dark and tasty brew.  If you're carbohydrate loading, order a slab of French bread to absorb all of the bone-warming elixir at the bottom of the bowl.  For food like this, a little shady is worth the drive.
_GS1R0LTwr6h8rMWY_8U9Q	casual	This is our new post-hockey game hangout.  It helps that it is in the rink and that our usual server Rachel is prompt.  It helps that she is cute also.  We came the first time on one of it's first nights and it wasn't very busy.  The manager let us play the virtual sports game.  It has hockey, football, soccer, baseball, and golf.  We played for free, but it is rather pricey to use.  It was fun, but I don't think it would be worth using your dollars on.  The bar is owned by the same people who own Overeasy in Phoenix.  I have only had the Black Bean Burger so far, but I tell you what.  It is f-ing good!  It has tomato, lettuce, red onion, and avocado.  I don't normally like avocado, but it's creaminess adds to it.  It has just a little bit of spice too. It comes with fries that are good enough.  The bar itself has cool interior and has lots of TVs around the place.  The booths even have their own televisions.  There is a large monitor at the front with a Wii hooked up.  I strained my shoulder after last weeks game bowling and playing ping pong.     So if you find yourself cheering on the Rubber Mallets, enjoying an ice skating session, or watching someone at a figure skating competition at the Alltel Ice Den, be sure to stop into 18 Degrees for a brew and a bite.
xEg0-xrQywU5K-WQO7cy0w	casual	We stopped in for a snack between lunch and dinner and luckily caught some great HH specials!    The restaurant was virtually empty on a Friday around 3pm, but I didn't mind much as we were in a hurry.  We sat at the sushi bar and enjoyed the company of the chef.    The service was a little bit rock to start off as I think 3 different people tried to take our order, but once it got rolling- we were good to go.   I had some Sea Bass Nigiri ($3 for 2 pieces), Spicy Tuna Roll ($3-4), Edamame ($1.50), and a wonderful house salad topped with sliced pears and a delicious house dressing ($3).  The fish was all very fresh and clean tasting, but the salad was honestly my favorite!
Vak7jP7fu6LUxQDZmSZE3g	casual	charlestons is one of the few chains i actually enjoy. I love their croissants and their staff is always awesome. their chicken strips are awesome. i love their grilled chicken and veggies, too.   They have an awesome blackened grilled chicken, they don't use oil to cook either which is a plus! they no longer have it on the menu but have never given me a problem ordering it!  yay for charlestons!
IW9yHeqnFCEbO5s1UCrqeA	casual	Lame joke alert : Okay, I think I have switched over to Switch , I am finally making a switch to Switch  whew almost over , after you try Switch you'll never switch.  And done.  Thanks for letting me get that out of my system.Lunch today was delightful. Mom and I were downtown playing around and we tried Switch for something new.  Glad we did.    Our server Matthew was helpful, courteous and efficient. He really made the good food stand out .  For being at the peak of lunchtime it was nice to see the restaurant wasn't packed but they were well prepared for the lunchtime crowd.Food was served fast without feeling rushed. Drinks were filled promptly without hovering.   We had the Beef Galletta , a puff pastry with mushrooms, tender beef, brie , onions and a light sauce. Great size not too much but definitely filling.  Mom had chicken chop salad that looked fresh and tasty.  She really enjoyed it.   I look forward  to coming back and trying other items here.
LaNjC1TOvprQUNkQ9Rio8g	casual	"I woke up late on a Saturday, and I was craving Indian food! To my relief, it was almost lunch time! I remembered that there was an Indian restaurant close to me that I had been meaning to try. I headed to Flavors of India to try their lunch buffet. I walked in and I was immediately greeted. I noted the Bollywood videos playing in the background, I love those dang videos. The host was also my waiter. He invited me to help myself to the buffet. I'm not one of those people that knows the names of each and every dish. As I write this I'm kicking myself for not taking notes. As a whole, the buffet was a-ok. Nothing in particular knocked my socks off. I did notice that nothing was powerfully flavorful. It was kind of a ""safe"" seasoning restaurant. I would visit Flavors of India again. There was plenty of food, the buffet had a lot of variety, and the service was good!"
oWb5JjxoPaFSmpGwJ3-Ntg	casual	Breakfast. The best crispy chicken fried steak and eggs this side of Texas. Served with country gravy, hash browns and garnished with a slice of cantaloupe and honey dew melon for under $7. The green chili cheese burger is also one of my favorites, served any time of day or night. Only down side is getting past all the unwashed morons gambling and chain smoking cigarettes.
NCbHGtOP5yJBJsPPaE3X5g	casual	Gils.. A relatively new business to the complex on 16th St and Bell Rd.   Gils is NOT your average Mexican Style food. It is New Mexican Style. They use whole beans, no lard and light on flavor. The rice is not orange but more of a yellow with hints of garlic infused. The burritos are covered in red or green sauce, which can be a hot or mild depending on the crop.   I had the pork Carnita's burrito topped with green sauce. Beans and rice. I would have been disappointed it I expected smashed refried beans too. BUT I love the beans as they are. They are sort of like a ham hock style bean. The carnitas was wonderful and huge. filled with pork and not a spec of fat in it. Topped with cheese and Hatch Green Chilie sauce. Did I mention Huge?   The whole meal including water and chips and salsa set me back $10 bucks. I even have a small lunch for tomorrow. The chips are homemade and the thicker type. The red salsa was spicy but not hot and green was good.   The rest of the menu looked good, nothing stood out as a must have but I will be back.   The place was clean and they made a nice patio outside, complete with waterfall and everything.
fdZbEDgD0_wy4mTx6pjzZg	casual	I received a buy one entree, get one free coupon for joining their fan club membership so my son and I went this morning for breakfast. Got there around 9am. Greeted and seated immediately in a nice booth. Waitress was quite knowledgeable and took our order after giving us time to peruse the menu. I ordered the Country fried steak and eggs which comes with OJ, country potatoes and toast as did my sons breakfast which he ordered the standard bacon and eggs with an extra egg. We both agreed that the breakfast was OK, both our potato sides were cold. I had a small thick dollop of gravy on my country fried steak, which was quite good but had to ask for extra gravy. Put in a serving bowl it was so thick it wouldn't pour so I used a spoon. I spread it on my Country fried steak with a butter knife much like you would a piece of toast. Weird! Watch out for the coffee. If you are offered flavored coffee it is extra. Hidden charges for everything. In other words, even with the coupon the total came to almost $20.00. for 2 average breakfasts. (tip, cancer donation, etc.) I had to do a double take on the check to see if they included the coupon. Nothing really bad but nothing really good either. I should have known better! Probably not coming back. My son seconds the motion.
NXsw4z0AtaILgS4-UxSWUg	casual	Yikes, reading other reviews I realize my bad experience wasn't unique. As a server I make a very laid back customer. I like pretty much everything I eat and don't require a lot of attention from the waiter.   La Piccola Cucina would benefit from just one extra person in the front of the house. Our guy, though adorable and friendly, was too busy to refill our drinks and to remember to bring our appetizer (though charged us for it). The ahi tuna (highly recommended over the other fish options he said) was so overcooked it was the color and consistency of chicken. Like other reviewers mentioned, he was frantic and made that clear to every customer. At one point I even saw him in the kitchen cooking - they need another person!   I left super stressed out from the experience, which is very, very unusual for me. You can either have bad service or bad food, but not both.
6vKgpermKi8PNDYD5mkpKQ	casual	While in the area we wanted something for lunch but knew we'd be having dinner out that same evening. Not wanting to fill up too much we ordered an appetizer and entree to share.  The lettuce wraps with shrimp were so good! Fresh and crispy veggies accompanied seasoned shrimp all wrapped in butter lettuce leaves. It was light and tasty. For our entree we ordered the Hawaiian mahi mahi which came with a pineapple, red pepper and onion mixture over a bed of rice. The fish was a little overcooked but still tasted pretty good. Star for the water glass test!
W8WyVVxinyRjzP8gJa7ILg	fast	"I will precede this lackluster review by stating the following: 1)I have only been to this place once. 2)I didn't get a chance to actually try the cuisine. 3)I am a sympathetic person to servers, as I have been one. That being said, I give this place one star for reasons of poor service. About six months ago, at around 4pm on a Sunday afternoon, we decided to eat at this place. The atmosphere was warm and cozy; typical college bar with college-aged waitresses. We made sandwich selections and ordered happy hour beers. The beers came, the food never did, and we watched other patrons come in, eat, and leave. All the while, our waitress never came by to give us an explanation or even get us another round of drinks (we got them ourselves from the bar). Since my bf and I both worked in food service, we are always sympathetic when we can see that a place is under-staffed. But after an hour of waiting, we finally crossed the room to speak with our server. She said, ""I can't imagine it will be much longer."" I think the more professional approach would have been an apology and admitting to forgetting to put in our ticket, which is what we gathered when we saw her speaking frantically with the cook. Where was the manager that day? Or someone who noticed that we sat there so long without our food or any communication at all? We left money on the table for our beers and walked out. I guess there is a first time for everything."
LbLVO7yqAJGEQ1nK6rEvHA	fast	"I was so, so hopeful. October in Scottsdale, yummy, tacos.....Wow! Rip Off!! $10 Just to get in (what was that for?). No shade unless you were buying a drink. Most places wouldn't give you salsa or taco sauce with your measly over priced taco. They seemed like the vultures who didn't care about the customer, just the $2 ticket they could grab from you. I had to beg for a napkin then hunt for a place to sit feeling watched by the other vultures waiting for me to get up. I was ready to leave after 45 minutes and my Pepsi had gotten warm, so I had gotten a cup of ice from the bar. I poured it in, took one drink and as I was leaving to hike back to my car, security stopped me and would n't let me take it out! ""It could have booze in it"". Well, by then, I was one angry little local. Dumped it all in trash and said to my sweet daughter in law who was about to ""go mad"" with me, ""Get me outta here!"". She had brought her 2 year old, thinking what a fun way to spend a Saturday morning and encourage our local businesses. Nope. Not good."
yR6kgWuMUNG6fjOrzzhfeQ	casual	I used to frequent Homme for Tuesday night karaoke, Friday night French Kiss, and spent Saturday nights upstairs. I have to say that for the sheer, unimaginable amount of times I wastedly bowled over the dance floor, tumbled down the stairs, or made out with someone I never intended to, Homme has never done me wrong. The bartenders on both floors are fantastic, though the upstairs is better tailored for more intimate lounging. I've been to countless events here, and they've been well-organized and (as far as I can remember) really fun. There' s a great crowd here, and you won't feel like you're dancing in a dirty, sweaty shoebox like other hip dives in the valley.   The parking situation is shady on weekends. I recommend going early to avoid irrational towings and cover charges; while it's purportedly not socially acceptable to leave the house before 10p, you'll be glad you did.
JxgoluY8hnC34cys_f80xA	fast	Not a bad sub which I find to be something I can eat almost daily.  Prices are a little higher than a Subway but their meat is freshly sliced to order and they do a much better job with their bread.  They are still lacking the hard crust french/Italian bread that I crave since leaving the East Coast but this is something I have learned not to expect out here in AZ.    The girls that work behind the counter are excellent and a few have been there for years.  They know service and are fast and great at keeping the lines at bay.
4XTcSltd2GydhvOzAV4SaQ	casual	this is my favorite music venue in phoenix. it is a smaller venue best for local or indie bands, but every show i've been to their has been far more memorable then any show i've been to in phoenix.  the place itself isn't too stunning, it is just a rectangular brick building with a bar area on the right when you walk in, booths on the left side of the wall, some high tables in the middle, a stage and standing area at the back, and an eclectic mix of art on the walls. however, the place has a really good feel to it and excellent sound that leads to really wild and memorable concerts.  the two that i remember the most were the presets/the rapture and spinto band/art brut/we are scientists. i thought the presets were pretty lousy until i saw them play there and the rapture played an absolutely amazing set that lasted almost 2 hours and inspired an epic, comfortably out-of control dance party. the other show was equally long and boisterous, highlighted by eddie argos coming out into the crowd to sing 3 songs.  the bad things about the place are that last time i went there was still no alcohol because they lost their liquor license. however, i heard that they have got it back now, but i'm not sure. the shows i went to i had to go down the street between sets and drink at alice cooperstown which isn't cheap.   it also doesn't have a patio at all where you can hang out and hear the music or what is going on inside and drink or smoke. the venue reminds me alot of the lounge in the back of Plush in tucson except for the lack of a patio which is really important in a state like AZ where the weather is so good at night most of the year.  of course the worst thing is just the lack of bands that go there. most bands come to either marquee (heaven help us poor phoenicians) or even worse, the clubhouse. if you happen to be a tour manager reading reviews on yelp, please book your band at the brickhouse.  Update - 8/31 - Had to downgrade to 4 stars after my most recent visit. Its hard to believe that I'm downgrading them now that they have liquor available, but it's happening.   They normally have local draft brews at this place for 2 dollars, but apparently when they have a show they don't sell it at all. Only bottles for 3 or 4 dollars. What's worse is that every bottle I ordered wasn't cold, tasted like they just threw it in the ice bin 30 minutes before. AND they kept running out of beers. What's even worse is that the mixed drinks run 6 DOLLARS for a really tiny glass. This place needs to get its act together. I'll be drinking beforehand and elsewhere in between sets from now on. I don't get why the music venues in Phoenix don't understand how much more money they can make at a show with drink specials.  They also apparently haven't invested in air conditioning which makes summer shows not even worth it. Okkervil River still put on a great show to my surprise, which is the only thing (along with the other great shows i've seen there) that kept me downgrading this place to 3 stars or lower.  They are also in the middle of remodeling so the place looks kindof like crap right now.
RZS7pdeB3xOyHwYgT7VYGw	casual	Met a group of people...great craft beer selection.. ordered Old World Salad w/House Dressing, excellent.. enough to feed 2-4 people.. then the Murphy pizza.. applewood smoked bacon and onions w/the thin crust, wood fired. This is an awesome pizza. The rest of the group got various pizzas and loved everything! Our waitress was great, and took good care of us..
Y3a3RkR97J_ReiKgiMXeJg	fine	Yummy!! Went with my best friend last night for our weekly date and had a great meal!  We enjoyed the sushi menu but everything looked quite delicious.  I LOVED the welcoming sushi chefs and beautiful aquariums.  Here is a rundown of the food...  Edamame: solid...can't really screw that one up Philly: Great distribution of cream cheese!  I hate when sushi places over do it on the Philly... California: Solid but could have been a bit creamer and with some spicy sauce  Some kind of Latino roll: Skip it...weird texture inside Scallop roll: Yummm  Great experience and so far maybe the best sushi I have come across in AZ.  I will keep you posted
x5Mv61CnZLohZWxfCVCPTQ	casual	This has to be the worst restaurant in terms of hygiene. Two of my friends had food -poisoning after having dinner here. The food is just unhealthy with tons of oil floating on the top of curries, and I am not sure if any health/hygiene code is followed here.  The service is poor and the information on its website is incorrect, the owner does not allow dine-in after 9 or 10 even though it says that the restaurant is open till 11.   One night I saw the owner cleaning the place without gloves and she was nice enough to give us a to-go parcel without cleaning her hands (great example to the servers!). I had a peek inside the kitchen when the door was ajar, and it definitely looked dirty.  I have been a lot of hole-in-the-wall places around this restaurant, including Haji Baba, the Vietnamese place and others, but neither any of my friends nor I have fallen sick coz of the food. If you need a spicy-food fix, i strongly recommend you do not try this place, lest you want a visit to the doctor the very next day.
eBslbGvlDI92ppOi6CnTDw	fast	"Lee's Sandwiches has always been a pleasant place to go since it opened in Chandler years ago. From what I remember it was cheap and delicious. When I went back today, I found it to be cheap in a different way, as well.  I ordered the #17 (Jambon and Pork) on a croissant and a large thai iced tea with no ice. 2 items, $9. Not quite the Lee's I remembered. They called my number and I walked up to get my food. Croissant sandwich, check. No ice in my drink, check. Thai iced tea...half check. My large cup was only half full (not being optimistic). Quite literally half full. I picked up my cup and asked where the rest of my drink was and was told that I ordered no ice (well duh). I told him I didn't order ""no drink"" and he said he wouldn't give me what I paid for.  Very very disappointed. The only thing that saved Lee's from 1 star was the delicious sandwich.  Food - 4 stars Customer service - no stars"
t0NencbvVVlH6mcRlNTPcg	casual	I know its gonna sound a bit foolish when I divulge that I was actually a bit scared to enter the Roadrunner Lounge, but the truth is that I was. Due to its lack of windows and barebones facade, I concluded that this bar had the possibility of being the sort of place where, when I opened the door, I might bare witness to a mob boss or two trying to decide what they should do with the man they just shot... but that wasn't the case. What I discovered was a long corridor flanked by mirrored walls and strings of multicolored lights, as well as ample seating and classic video games to boot. The games included PacMan and Golden Tee, accompanied by a dartboard and a pool table - enough to keep the gamer in any of us busy for at least a few hours of drink-sippin. The drinks were cheap and strong, and the tunes were decent - however the digital jukebox put a frown on my face; I hoped for a Wurlitzer. Our barkeep was friendly and efficient, and our drinks were strong and low-priced. I think tap beer's only two bucks, and mixers aren't too much more. In conclusion, the next time you're feeling a bit nostalgic, and you're looking for a watering hole off the beaten path, kick a few back at the Roadrunner. Bottom's up!
asebFFgabg_lfoNpGJHZlQ	fine	It's just a terrific steakhouse.  One of the most upscale, all around dining experiences in Phoenix.   It's expensive.  Very expensive.  But probably worth it.  Figure $150-200 for a couple.  I had the double filet medallion with blue cheese melted and a wine demiglaze.  Absolutely outstanding, amazingly tasty meats.  Equal or better than Morton's or Ruth's Chris or Capitol Grill (that's on the menu for tomorrow night).  Smashed potatoes were very good but nothing to write home about.  Veggies were pretty good.  Started with the ceasar salary, with a big pile of anchovies.  Perhaps the best Caesar I've ever had.  Desert was the mouse cake.  Good, but not to die for.  Their happy hour is also an excellent value.  Come before six and drinks are half off, and they serve little mini steak sandwhiches, which are very good.  Hint:  If you have kids, go to happy hour and have a drink or two.  Cocktails are in the $7 range happy hour price.  Cucumber cooler was quite nice for a cocktail.  Let the kids eat the sandwiches, and then head to the dining room for a couple of filets.  The kids are pretty full, you are nicely primed for a great steak, and the complete lack of a kids menu doesn't matter.    Honestly, otherwise, there really aren't any good kids options.  I know, it's not a great place for kids, even well behaved, but sometimes you want to celebrate a special occasion with family.    It would be nice if they offered a mini-filet for 12 and under for like $15, or a burger and fries for $10 for the kids.  Just a thought.  Anyway, great experience, great food.  A really upscale, while linen, old style steakhouse kind of place to have prime beef.
igvATKdi31Ve7Jd2B6-g9g	fast	This is a really good Starbucks location. Unlike a lot of the newer locations that have retro plastic chairs that look much more stylish than functional, it has lots of comfy upholstered chairs, plenty of plugs for web surfers, and a decently-sized outdoor seating area. The staff is really friendly and efficient as well. There is also a drive-through.
oJpmYvLibGrYPDvcaUeMOw	casual	I went today to meet my daughter for lunch. We are both big sushi enthusiasts. The interior and atmosphere was beautiful. Well appointed. The service was excellent. We ordered edamame, was good...nothing to rave about. Not much you can do to mess that up. Drinks were well poured but exspensive for what you got. Ordered five different sushi rolls. All five were bland, not much flavor and stale. The fish was not fresh. Paid $12 for a soft shell crap roll and it tasted days old. Will not go back. Did here they have good pizza and a happy hour at three. My daughter says to give it another try. We'll see... I'll let you know if I do.
4CMY6DwWo41UdwzE-TUW9g	casual	"The Chuck Box is dark. Very dark. Even in the day time it feels like night in that place. This doesn't help when it comes time to put condiments on one's burger. I am skeptical as to how well the condiment bar looks in good light, which may explain the choice of lighting. Still, grinning and bearing it, I load up my veggie burger with appropriate toppings and, usually with fried zucchini in hand make my way to one of the very uncomfortable seats.  Every time I go to the Chuck Box I feel as if there is going to be something wrong with the food, and this something is being concealed from me by the lack of lighting. Yet, each time I go I have a delicious veggie burger or grilled chicken sandwich. My friends have also enjoyed ""real"" burgers there as well.   Maybe it's best they keep the lights dim, but the food tastes so good there may be nothing to fear after all."
UxvOXcoCRFRAVhRB0D9imw	casual	"Way old school. I did the lunch buffet, $6 and change including drink. It was actually pretty good. Yes there were a few times I asked myself ""exactly what part of a chicken is this from?"" but the flavors were good. I'm guessing about 15 different items on the buffet. I'm guessing this place has been here for 10+ years, maybe double that. Red cheesy Asian interior as you would expect in a place like this. I like this place, so what are you going to do about it?"
dpbY5XypBdeFmo8DsZ-DNQ	fine	"Stopped in last night for a take out dinner. I wanted to bring home something different than burgers or a pizza or fried chicken. So I used my Yelp app.... And showed Yusefs nearby with good reviews.  The owner was a very personable person....and very helpful. Everything smelled wonderful, and it was pretty busy....all good signs.  I order 2 of the falafel dinner plates, and the stuffed grape leaves plate. The only ""side"" for a dinner plate was the split pea soup. It was a generous portion....and VERY GOOD!  The falafel and grape leave were both generous portions....and delicious!  I want to go back a do a little grocery shopping for some of the unique items that I think you could find only in Phoenix here.  Good job Yusef! I liked it!"
MSnAOSajkFXLojJWgRjMCg	casual	Let me qualify my review by stating that I have not been to Butter & Me. I have had their yummy mini cupcakes at a Yelp event. I tried the red velvet mini cupcake. It was really good. Moist and flavorful with a rich creamy frosting. Yum. I chased it with few sips of Cruz tequila. Hey, it was in my other hand. I also tried a chocolate mini cupcake. Yummy. Again, moist and delicious. I don't know how they keep the mini ones from drying out. When I make mini muffins at home they dry out easily (that is if any survive the first half hour...the survival rate for any kind of pastry in my vicinity is exceedingly low). I also garnered a few extra cupcakes to take back to my wife and a friend and score points. Mini cupcakes=brownie points.
VKNl2-aF4n1x7lPVyU-Mag	fine	This could possibly be 5 stars. Driving by you would never know this restaurant serves excellent Italian food. It is rather small and has a very different decor from other Scottsdale restaurants. I went on a Friday night and there were not many people there and I have walked by on other weekend nights and it was the same result.   Regardless of that the food was outstanding. I ordered a special, lobster risotto and it was superb. There are many other things on the menu which I would like to try as well. It is rather expensive, but well worth it. The service was also very quick, and it should be when there are not many people dining.
cfRrO0P-L7o6UWL81pmxCA	fine	My picks: Derby Smash Green Chili Risotto Pan Seared Escolar Sticky Buns  If you are looking for Arizona charm, this is the place. Every Arizona resident needs to experience this hidden gem.  Thanks Jacquie, Kristy & Tim for continuing to believe in this historic restaurant and landmark!
NKMyRG-hK6_HNMlckY7Hxw	casual	I really wanted to like this place, but the service just ruined it.   I went on a sunday afternoon, when it really wasn't that busy. I was sitting directly at the bar and still got poor service. The server walked by probably 5 times while my glass set empty before she made eye contact with me. It was a bit ridiculous.   I feel like the yardhouse had just as many (if not more) taps, with the same prices and better service.   Great decor though, very tall open ceilings and lots of TVs. Just don't expect good service.
yb17xHvhDJthJGS10uhFeQ	fine	The Saguro is a bright, happy place in the middle of Old Town Scottsdale and I, for one, am a big fan of bright, happy places (people, too but that's a story for another time.)  It is set up more like an apartment and less like a hotel with lots of buildings scattered about, all surrounding a pool. (There is actually more than one pool to make this happen.) It definitely has more of a party vibe than some hotels, which is just fine by me. I can imagine during the summa, summa, summertime these pools are hopping.   And, even though the feel of the place is fun, the staff of the place is nothing less than professional. Every single person I interacted with was beyond kind, helpful, and happy.  Whether you need a hotel room for a night or a full trip, a place to hang out poolside, a happy hour cocktail, a casual meeting place, or breakfast or lunch I think The Saguaro just might have you covered. And all with a smile.   What's not to like about that?
0j2UisBk89SHqihr0IdlJw	fast	I almost wept when I saw they had opened a Slices at this end of town. I don't know what makes this pizza so wonderful, but it's delicious. Try the veggie or white pizza... I hear the potato bacon is good too. The downside: The place is usually wicked hot inside. I dunno if they are trying to save a couple bucks and not run the A/C but those ovens make it warm! Just grab your slices and go sit outside in the foodcourt area instead.
KqPY02NlTaM8YALIhsswGw	casual	Successfully blending the idea of bar food and airline food into one very disappointing meal. A poor choice for breakfast due to mealy/watery eggs, cold potatoes and bland salsa. Even the grapefruit juice lacked flavor.
ssSeK9MYRCUjoabppekwoA	casual	Congratulations on opening the Gilbert location. Glad to see you guys making the shift to the far East Valley. As to be expected, the bruschetta was great. We really enjoyed the Syrah and the Sangiovese. It's really hard to beat the $5 glass/pitcher deal before 5pm, and the board + bottle ($20) on Monday and Tuesday night make for the perfect date night, though it can prove to create a long wait.  It was nice to see staff from the other locations making the move out here. Small mishaps and things that get confused in the midst of opening a new restaurant are bound to happen. No worries though, we've been 5 times in the first 10 days, showing that you guys are right on target. Looking forward to getting to know the staff and becoming weekly regulars.
RBiiGw8c7j-0a8nk35JO3w	fine	I still really love coming to LGO...especially to relax on their patio with some good food and good drink. I love that LGO sells Framboise and I love the hectic and busy atmosphere.   HOWEVER, the time has come for me to drop a star. I am a regular fixture at LGO and lately have noticed that they seem to be running out of some of my favorite items on a regular basis. For example, the MJ Cookie...it is one of the few items that makes my mouth water at just the thought of it. It's like a brownie and cookie rolled into one. So heavenly. Unfortunately, LGO has been out of the MJ Cookie 4 out of my last 5 visits. And these visits are at all different times of the day/week. I know they get busy and I know a restaurant can run out, but it seems to happen so frequently and every time it's a big, BIG let down. And sadly, the cookie is not the only item that they run out of regularly. Lately, I've had a hard time finding the pre-made salads that I like too.  My other issue just occurred and I cannot seem to pull myself out of the depression that it has caused. They no longer serve the green chile mac and cheese! Seriously. When I stopped in recently for lunch, I was so disappointed that this has been removed from the menu that I thought about walking out. I know that seems like a silly reaction to macaroni and cheese, but their green chile mac and cheese was by far one of the best items I found on their menu.   Their sandwiches are tasty, but almost impossible to hold together. Their pizzas have great fresh ingredients, but always seem to be lacking something. And now this...no more mac and cheese. And they're always out of MJ cookies! It is a sad sad day at LGO. =(
NAkRjPhS4yCD5trp0dY-bQ	casual	Called last night @ 4:30 and tried to do call ahead seating for 6:30 for a party of 9. We are in town and are here to see some friends. Explained to hostess that some in the group are seniors so would need to have assurance on reservation. I was told to call back in an hour, the thought process by her was that it was too soon to give me a time and they weren't that busy yet. So I did as told and called back and after about 10 minutes of confusion and other waiting I was told we couldn't be seated until 7:30 or we could have seperate booths. I explained that we needed to sit together and 2 hours was the best she could do. I was so frustrated I told her no thanks that we would find other arrangements. She said ok and that was it. Nice job Texas Roadhouse. NOT!!! There is no excuse for not having a reservation system in place, like Open Table. One day there will be no customers to disappoint, then maybe you will get it.
LzNJLEIo4gh-X_rmDkNkNg	casual	Where to start??? The owners are very kind... say hi to Benny in the kitchen!!! My wife and I found this place while living in the culinary-void NW Valley of Phoenix, and we have eaten here probably 50 times over a 3-year period. Everything is good: Gryos Chicken Pita Souvlaki Greek Salads are probably one of the best salads that we have ever eaten Fries are always fresh Zatsiki sauce is stellar The atmosphere is a bit void, but people don't come to 35th and Thunderbird for the atmosphere... they come for great food at a great price.
MsouJnTwEDlufZWS5oNy_w	casual	Being the pho addict that I am,I'm always on the lookout for a new place to satisfy the craving.This place was called Tu Do for a long time.It was a place that never seemed crowded,with an older Vietnamese lady as the only cook.The place was run down and the service indifferent ( I know these traits are not uncommon in Vietnamese restaurants).Then it was called The Ritz for a while,with a remodeled interior but with the same lady doing the cooking.Now,the restaurant has new ownership,a local Vietnamese family,and it's a whole new ball game. I ordered my usual pho tai bo vien with goi coun (spring rolls) as an appetizer.I'd give the soup a thumbs up.The broth was well balanced, a bit on the oily side (that's not a bad thing for me),not the strongest nor the weakest in town.The basil was fresh,the meat was of good quality and quantity.They didn't skimp on the noodles.On the down side,they use those meatballs that have a more rubbery texture than most,and they only give you 3 of them (4 is the norm).Overall it was a good bowl of pho,but it's not going to unseat Maxim or Khai Hoan as my favorites in metro Phoenix.The spring rolls were above average,with no shortage of shrimp,and peanut sauce that tastes like peanuts,not hosin. The service is much more attentive now,and these folks seem eager to please.Also worth mention is that Phuong Dong is inexpensive.Not quite Pho Thanh and Da Vang cheap,but pretty close.Another good thing is that they are open very late on friday and saturday, 1:00am! Late night pho fix! They also serve beer. I like this place,I'm looking forward to trying the Canh Chua Tom.I hope they succeed.
oKPRY3pQ-G6gmcbfE0splw	casual	I've only been once to the Thai Hut, and it was after the Museum visit, as it's right across the street. Combine two cranky parents and two tired kids and it could have been an unpleasant dinner. But Thai Hut servers were very accomodating, the food was delicious and they were friendly about my kids checking out the fish and stuff... I'd go back again, for sure.
O-Xa9GCFWI65YiBD5Jw_hA	casual	We like this restaurant, It is always good food and good service and convenient to our home.
Lc3-XLmobyijQpOxHdEPFQ	fast	I've been meaning to try Humble Pie for a while, and as luck would have it this weekend I was in the right place at the right time and we decided to stop in.   Rumors are true, everything is delicious. We shared the strawberry & gorgonzola salad, which was flavorful, light, and summery. Then we split the Schreiners Sicilian Sausage pizza. It was flavorful, spicy, and delicious. I will definitely be back to Humble Pie when I need a pizza fix.
b78Cnqgeb4GoHqPobBXsjw	casual	"I met a friend for lunch yesterday.   Loved the water feature and patio walking in, if it had been warmer I would have definitely sat outside.   Inside was a little dark and I guess it was all the bats around but it reminded me of ""Dusk Till Dawn"".   We were seated, I hope was hoping for chips and salsa, I guess they don't serve them here?  We weren't even offered the ones on the menu, which I probably would have declined anyway because chips and salsa should be complimentary.   Anyhow I ordered the Fresh Snapper Tacos (see pics)  There is a lot of fish there being smothered by all those peppers, but as for everything else what you see is what you get.  For $15 I would have liked more than a TBSP of each, rice and beans, and a DEFINITELY more than a teaspoon of cheese and sour cream and maybe a lime or lemon.  There was more garnish on the plate than anything. Other than that it was good.   My Friend ordered the Green Chile Stew and The Green Chile Mac and Cheese (see pics) She has been here before so knew what she liked. I tasted the macaroni and thought it was pretty good too.  I'll give 3 stars until I go back and try out some other things."
4gIV5MYpCDbNI-bL3g_tSw	fast	I would be beside myself if Grinders closed. It's about time I wrote a review, since I'm a regular. I can be found sitting on one of the giant chairs surfing on the wi-fi many mornings.  I'm the one who brought the plants in. I used to water them a couple times a week but nowadays I'm lazy and they really need to be repotted. I should get on that ...  The music is always playing and everyone knows my regular drink ... they've continued to memorize it for me even as I started to slowly decrease the fat & calories of my regular order. Now it's an ice skim latte with sugar free vanilla. I used to get an Everything bagel with egg, cheese and potatoes most mornings. Now I get it on multigrain toast. Eh, it's the little things.  The coffee at Grinders is really really good. It's not bitter and sharp, it's smooth. They grind their beans outside many mornings per week. Sometimes it gets too warm inside during the winter so we prop the doors open, but if the grinder is going outside, it'll blow coffee bean fumes in the door.  There's some retired motorcycle cops who meet up every morning and sit around the big round table. They often park their motorcycles in front of the place together. They call themselves the Geezerados.  There's sometimes a few right-wingers having conversations mid-day. One time I listened to their meeting and heard them trying to come up with controversial topics to get people to come to church. They spent a long time trying to figure out who could get them proof that global warming isn't happening, so they could use that as their hook.  A lot of moms come in with their kids. Seeing siblings piled up in one of the oversized chairs together is common. There are a few regulars who come in specifically to sit on the internet all day. I'm not there all day, but I'm there at all times of the day because I have a home office, and you never know when you suddenly need caffeine.  Early in the morning and after 3pm the place becomes flooded with Sunnyslope High School kids. They range from ROTC kids wearing pickle suits to trendy girls in neon to the alternative crowd. They often lay around the couch splayed across each other or gazing into each others' eyes.   Ordinarily I'm a real talker and I can't usually keep my mouth shut, but Grinders is the one place that I go where I barely make a peep. I just eavesdrop on everyone's conversations and sometimes run into friends I know. I usually go before my brain is fully awake in the morning, that's part of it. For the record, a couple months ago one of the girls there said I was practically invisible and she hardly knew I was there, because I was so quiet.  There's nothing pretentious about Grinders at all, and it's also down to earth without being ghetto. It has character. Some months the art is better than other months. Hannah has been there for years (they call her Big Hannah now, only because there's another girl named Hannah who is tiny and they call her Little Hannah) and Hannah rocks and makes the best breakfast ever.   I can ride my bike in the morning and be wearing my pajamas and not have anyone really bat an eye. That's the beauty of Grinders. I've seen other people come in wearing their pajamas, too. It's a little bit like the cafeteria in a college dorm, except the people are of all ages and we live down the street from each other instead of down the hall from each other.  Grinders has a location inside the John C. Lincoln hospital across the street, too. It's common to see the hospital workers walk in wearing their scrubs. I think they're also opening one at Devry, or they just did. I was frustrated to hear that they tried to open a location at the Art Institute but they were one week too late, Stupid Starbucks had just gotten there. LAME!
OoXySPyQuSHstMF2zpV_kA	fine	repeat after me: creamy polenta covered with young brocolli stems and seared sea scallops!!!!!!!!! yum. repeat after me: buratta with charred bread, heirloom tomatoes and drizzed with olive oil!!!!!!!!! yum. repeat after me: asparagus, radiccio and hearts of palm salad with truffle oil!!!!!!!!! omg yum. repeat after me: chicken stuffed with marscapone cheese, fig and other stuff that's really yummy! yum. repeat after me: spicy spagetti with fruite de mare - clams and mussells!!!!!!! yum. repeat after me: ravioli stuffed with goat cheese and other yummy stuff!!!!! yum. cute and attentive waitier: yum :) i stayed at the firesky and had dinner at taggio for two nights in a row - not by design but necessity and i'm here to report that even though i didn't choose this restaurant for both meals, i'd come back again in a heartbeat.
41j3GB7M-Lwq284Pfb9zgw	fine	Had lunch here today with Lynn W. and Rand H. Well the the place is new and the decor is well done and comfy . They have enough food selections to classify them as a super buffet. As far as the food goes it was all pretty good with most of your typical Chinese buffet selections . Some of the extra items were steamed clams , double baked potatoes ,fresh strawberries and Vienna sausage. The macaroni salad I had was very good and i went back for more as was the stuffed shrimp. There is also a sushi bar but I did not try any on this trip. The food here makes them a 4 star eatery and as far as the staff goes they need to be a lot more happier with a name like happy buffet.
jkxwhmUKKPeKTZnRE4yL4g	casual	"I stumbled across this restaurant several years ago after becoming frustrated with the generally 2 hour wait, (no matter what day) at a DIFFERENT pizza restaurant in Heritage square, downtown Phoenix. Although the pizza was terrific at that ""other"" restaurant in Heritage square, I had a pretty UNBELIEVABLE experience....I was with a date, we waited the 2+ hours, had a really good dinner, salad, an appetizer and pizza. We decided we wanted another pizza and when we asked our server for another, we were told that we could not because there was a line of people waiting to get in. I was amazed. We left knowing we would NEVER go back. I heard about La Piazza al Forno not long after that experience.....I truly believe things happen for a reason. The pizza was even better and has been consistant ever since. The service was very warm and friendly, literally like a family welcoming me into their home. I learned that night, that it was one big family run business. Oh and by the way, the best...did I say BEST pizza that I not only have had in AZ, but NY has nothing over them! Icing on the cake, the prices are VERY reasonable! I GOTTA have a fix every 10 days! For the longest time I didn't want to tell anyone about my secret, however, they DESERVE to be known! AWESOME!!!"
01cEFI5Pq_RyEwM3GSTopQ	fine	Quiessence is, simply put, beautiful. Full windows and earthy wooden walls give a feeling of warmth inside this restaurant perched in the middle of a farm. The restaurant seemed fairly full even on a Tuesday evening; we had secured reservations just a couple days before. My friend and I had sampled sandwiches at the Farm Kitchen earlier that week, and were impressed enough to want to eat at the restaurant. The crisp, fresh veggies didn't disappoint: we ordered the salad with orange and grapefruit slices and the crudites to start. Both were very good; I didn't even know how much I liked raw radishes and turnips until I tried them with their pesto and aioli sauces. For entrees, I ordered the lamb and my friend ordered the pork shoulder. Service started out very good, but trailed off quickly. Waiting for our food took a very long time (a couple seated after us received and finished their entrees before we received our's), and no one bothered to explain the situation until the maitre'd apologized almost 45 minutes later. Apparently the chef was unhappy with the sauce on my entree, so he started anew. This isn't really a problem, but they should have communicated this to us earlier. For our troubles, they comped me the glass of wine I ordered, but they forgot to bring out with my entree as I had requested. Also, they didn't offer us bread, but I will echo the lady who whispered this to us on her way out: ask for the bread. We received warm foccacia, apple walnut, and pomegranate slices of wonder with honey and butter. YUM. The entrees were both solid, but didn't quite live up to the innovation and freshness of the vegetables. My lamb's sauce was delicious, but the meat was tough. Maybe the vegetarian entrees are the way to go? But our dessert, the gingerbread pear cake, was yet another winner. If the entrees were tad more inspired, or the service weren't so spotty, this place definitely would have warranted five stars. If I return, I'd like to try the 75$ tasting menu. Our bill came out to about 100$ for two people, including tip, no drinks.
SspuGxPX7AEIh_0KqR3RqQ	casual	Kimchi - 5 stars. Other side dishes - OK. there is no date on it so I really don't know how fresh they are. I went there couple times to get side dishes other than Kimchi. it was not as good as Paldo. I only go to Seoul Market for Kimchi now.
vARjqeIkSNsazHltujiq4Q	fine	"BEST CARNE ASADA (GRILLED SLICED STEAK), HACIENDA-STYLE HOSPITALITY. A MEXICAN FOOD EXPERIENCE IN THE THEME-PARK STYLE.  --colorful, tasteful, vibrant ambiance in the country-hacienda style; kudos to the designers with an eye for detail; --dining room draws natural light from the delightful patio windows to the vaulted ceilings above; --this place and the adjacent ranch market are a ""must-do"" for tourists (bring your out-of-towners here);  --Don't miss the Parrilla (grilled platter); one ""portion"" serves two; choose three meats and voice your tortilla preference; --grilled vegetables include nopales (cactus), Mexican zucchini squash, jalapenos (consumed whole, took me to five hiccups before my stomach settled), and baby onion stalks (not the typical pile-o-fajita yellows); --both rice and beans served family style, and perfectly flavored. I could just sit and eat bowl after bowl of those beans; --juicy, perfectly cooked shrimp; ""asada"" goodness knows no bounds; --guacamole is plentiful (no melon-ball scoops of yesterday at $3/ea here!) and freshly made to order; NOW THAT'S what I'm TALKing about !!! --table salsa is spicy with lots of freshly chopped chilis and pureed onions; really good burn; --try the horchata (rice milk and cinnamon sugary goodness) or any of the featured Aguas Frescas. --no fuss over separate checks (and that was for our table of 10!)  --pork was a bit dry; is ""gamey"" possible in pork? --server forgot our desserts and we gave up after 20 minutes (shucks! they were sitting right there on the pass!); the manager refunded us promptly and then packaged them to-go.  After so many recent disappointments on rock-hard rubbery shrimp, I _finally_ found a place that grills properly, excellent marinade, and with the freshest ingredients. If you get the impression that you are amidst a food operation staffed by thousands, you are correct: several hundred are working in the kitchens next door making tortillas, cheese, asada, aguas and more!  If you don't have a filthy-rich Mexican relative with a hacienda (Mexican mansion) across the border, this may be the closest you'll get without an invitation. The mostly-abandoned courtyard is centered with a gigantic fountain, lined with what could be booths for a seasonal market, bodas, or other festival. In the corner a lush garden with a somewhat secret door leading to la sala, the grand room.  Don't miss the Ranch Market next door; you won't see retail food sold in this quantity anywhere else in town. Take your camera."
0lEp4vISRmOXa8Xz2pWhbw	fast	There are few things I cannot stand more than eating out for pizza-by-the-slice. Those are: slices so big they contain an entire days worth of calories and charging additional for traditional toppings.   While I understand the appeal of this centralized pizza joint -- a slice is 1/4 the pizza itself. The crust is a couple inches high and the pizza itself is barely 1/4 inch. I had cheese and while cheese pizza isn't remarkable as is, the slice I had here was considerably unimpressive.  We paid $9.31 for 2 slices and a 20 oz beverage.   What also put me off to this place was the cold staff and multiple things did not seem to be working right while there -- including their ice machine and their sound system (cut on and off). I was also not impressed how, never truly hearing of Sal's before, the employee made it seem like a chain of few. Go to their website and you will realize otherwise. This location is franchised.  I will not return (unless I am not paying). Instead, I will take a jab at one of the other multiple fast food options on that corner.
sbsFamEj5wDxNAjUKrMcSw	fine	"Huh. I guess it's a love it or hate kind of place. Me? I love it. But put butter on a shoe and I might just kiss you. Oh butter, is there anything you can't do? Is there?  This is one of the high roller places in Scottsdale. I saw a guy take a wad of Benjis out of his pocket that seriously made me consider rolling him. But my boss might have objected. Damn boss.  It's all about service and steak here. And I'm down with that. We had crab legs for an appetizer. Quite nice for a land-locked state. Fresh and tasty. A tomato salad with sharp onion that I enjoyed. And shared a porterhouse the size of my... yes. My ass. If one could give a nice slap to a porterhouse, this would be quite a spankable piece of meat. I love the way you can hear your steak coming to your table in all it's sizzling glory. The first thing to hit your nose is the lovely perfume of the butter. Chanel # Yum. Then that aroma of the meat.   I know we had a couple of sides. But I honestly can't remember because the steak was so freaking perfect. To a corn-fed born and bred midwestern girl this is perfection.   The service is near perfect too. Our waitress gave us a wine selection for the steak that was spot on. Not too tanic. Not too tame. Held up nicely against the butter and the porterhouse. At the end of the meal I was I nearly unable to move. And that says a whole lot. I've been known to out eat grown men without batting an eye.   Oh, and if you don't like butter on your steak? Three words. ""Hold the butter."" May save you some pain."
g-CiH6Pa-rClhDYlHGA-Mg	fast	"Q: How many people and how many minutes does it take to make a ""toasty"" sub? A: At Quiznos? A LOT. The food is decent, especially the tuna melt, and $5 for a large is a great deal. But this place is SO incredibly slow, every time I go there I swear it's the last time. Alas, living across the street from it I have caved and gone back a few times... But seriously, don't come here if you've got groceries in the trunk, kids waiting in the car, or anywhere you need to be in the next hour. Also: I can't stand the oregano powder crap they dump on every sub. Come on, Quiznos, there's gotta be a better-tasting distinctive touch. I always tell them to leave this stuff off, and half the time they put it on anyway. FYI - once the sandwich is out of the toasting machine, toppings are available by request only. No one's gonna ask what you want on it like at Subway. You really have to speak up if you want onions, olives, or whatever else they've got hiding back there. Please God grant me the willpower to stop coming back to this Quiznos!!!!!!"
2FudHUhV9U54dm0S1ePuCw	casual	After reading Lindsey's review, I had to think twice about my original review of this place. Yes, I had been back and gave it another shot.  Yes, perhaps, I was a bit douchy in my prior review.   This place is definitely a great spot if you need a quick lunch, and you are on the go. Its a fairly comfortable place to eat, and it's better for you than a Baconator (although, that does sound delicious right about now).  They tend to water down their Sriracha, but it might be more of a heat thing rather than a cost cutting thing. Sriracha can be a bit spicy for some.  The spicy chicken bowl is the way to go. Try it. Don't listen to my old review. I was probably having a bad day at work.
scr5gHaPC_36GtaCxmJEHA	casual	"We checked out RnR on Sunday (just a few days after opening.) In all fairness, I have to agree with many of the other reviews. Even though they are new, these things are fixable so hopefully the feedback will be taken in the appropriate vein. The building is very cool and the vibe was energetic on a sunny Sunday morning. There was an abundance of waiters but they seemed to be confused and frenetic without a real focus on the customer. The menu is very limited and our server had not eaten most of the items. He was struggling to explain. Our drinks took more than 15 minutes to arrive even though we saw them sitting at the bar for the entire time. Our water had just disappeared. Then the food. I ordered the grill cheese ( a rare treat and when I order it I want it good!). It was cold and overwhelmed by heavy bread. The cheese wasn't melted. I sent it back and they simply nuked it and brought it out. Icky. Our son wanted a kids cheeseburger and the staff kept coming back and forth not sure if there was a single burger or sliders for kids. It became comical after the third person came out. My husband ordered a salmon omelet with several additional fixings. The eggs tasted like box eggs and it was lackluster and flavorless. We even took the time to provide feedback to management but we got a weak smile and ""come back and try us again."" He made no effort to ""make things right"" either by comping something else to taste or providing an incentive to come back. There are too many restaurants in town to have to go to one that is less than mediocre. The young crowd may enjoy it for the bar vibe it gives but the majority of the tables on Sunday am were families or middle aged and we saw similar responses at other tables."
kk85ivM6MQUtH8u642p1Ew	casual	5/19/10 2.5 stars. Didn't really care for the interior, and the tables outside weren't beckoning, either. It was very antiseptic and cold indoors, with only the menu handwritten on the chalkboard, the plain-looking pastry display case (devoid of any ornamentation or even a sign of any effort in making everything inside presentable), and, what looked to me, an antique-looking espresso machine on the counter to lend decoration to the all-white interior. It was also very noisy indoors, despite the fact that there were only a handful of people! Ordered the Mascarpone and fig jam on marble rye ($4) and the Lox w/ cream cheese and tomato ($8 or $9), as well as a latte, no sugar. The coffee came in a paper cup... why? Made me feel like she wanted me to leave. Loved the mascarpone and fig! (So much so, I soon acquired a jar of organic fig jam from Whole Foods, but I need to find good marble rye toast...) The lox, however, was disappointing. While I found the flavors palatable, I thought the lox strips were too thin (I had lox at True Foods Kitchen that were wild-caught and larger for only a couple of dollars more), and the cream cheese rectangles looked strange with its right angles (after seeing such a lovely presentation done w/ the Mascarpone and fig jam). Made me wish I'd had two sets of the toast! It was nice to see that they still roasted the coffee beans on-site. I wish nothing but success to Toast, but I won't be going back-- at least not for a good long while...
lPAHpSIc2MvY06bWxrFRiw	casual	A new breakfast option in old town Scottsdale. The decor is superb and the weekend crowd is minimal. Juevos Rancheros and the Skirt Steak & Eggs are both fabulous. Prices for breakfast are reasonable.
_FXql6eVhbM923RdCi94SA	fine	"So yummy in my tummy. My sister and I went here for dinner and the food was as always-- very yummy. We had the marinated BBQ pork and the seafood hot pot at hot. We finished half the of the plates because they give you a lot. It would be better of the price wasn't as pricey. But overall, awesome service and yummy food! We will be back!!  They first serve you lil condiment plates from seaweed to kimchi (spicy marinated cabbage that has been fermentated). When they serve you your food, they will ask if you want egg in the soup-- of course!!! They crack it in front of you in the sizzling hot soup...drools. Serving you some extra rice for the soup and pork. We had to pack to go boxes because it was a lot of food.   Today, we went again for Father's Day and our family agreed this was so yummy. We had the BBQ pork again with Dumpling Tofu soup (""Yum-O"" Rachael Ray) and Bibimbap with rice! The Bibimbap was okay but everything was excellent. Our family of five finished nearly everything. :D so GOOOOOD! Going to come back soon!   Check this place out!"
seu8O6yPQ5Yz8kQv-KFnKQ	casual	This is by far the best and most authentic Mexican food I've had in this area of town. I try and get different dishes each time I visit and have yet to be disappointed.   If you're looking for an amazing location/view/atmosphere, this probably isn't the place for you. If you're looking for amazing food, then you've come to the right place.   The prices are great for what you get. The quesadillas are served on a pizza tray so bring your appetite!
39oUcXr-06fcfT_MZ94z-Q	casual	"Michigan anything fans, this is your breakfast place.  Really good breakfast selection, decent prices, and a very friendly staff. Im pretty sure we were the youngest people in the restaurant, but I dont care. Their food is GOOD.  My husband enjoyed a Belgiun waffle, bacon, and eggs while I had the morning mashup...i think thats what it was called. It was basically a denver omelet w/ bacon mashed together w/ hash browns. While it didnt look ""pretty"", it was delicious.  We'll definitely be visiting again when were in the east valley."
S2pW9v2BOszKIec7qzQ_rQ	fine	Boy is the name a temptation.Seriously :) I'll try to be fair though but I'm writing at a time were this restaurant was truly life changing. So much so that I'm buying a dining room table, additional gear for the kitchen and not frequenting any chain while I'm in my hometown based on the strength of this experience. Even in a good mood this place wouldn't be breaking a 2.5 . I'm not in a good mood. Texas cheese fries. Pretty tasteless,mess of uncrisp steak fries that are meant to be Monterrey jack , cheddar and bacon. Either the cheese mixed itself together really well or that's not what I had. Bacon , mm that is a very generous term for the toe nail clippings of meat that ended up atop it. Saving grace was only ordering 1/2 an order. Kid's meal. Holy crap dried and scraggly carrots accompanied the most basic hot dog imaginable on the most generic bun. No refill offered this time on drink, no straw either. By far the most cynical kid's meal I've met. Sure make a profit but don't take the piss! Fresh carrots are not hard to do , with white film on them.. sorry you've just earned a 1 star. Should have walked out, didn't. :( Entrees. Cajun steak . Claims to be marinated in spices that I couldn't find. They may indeed have shown them a picture of the process in the recipe but I couldn't find it. Meant to be medium rare but was medium on one side , rare on the other, close though:) Sirloin steak. Cooked as requested , a bit over seasoned. Sides: Twice baked potato. If you ever want to open up a salt mine these guy will do it for you. You want an idea of what it's texture was? Twice chewed would be a better name. Warm vomit with bacon bits would be a slightly more colorful, and chunky, term. Fried onions: came with whatever was stuck to the grill they came from.The mushrooms were the only thing that were as tasteful as expected. They looked very consistent though, canned? Never mind they were edible: Steak soup,really more a stew,but tasted pretty good. Overall service was ok'ish but walking the kid to the toilet twice the staff just seemed to want to get to where they wanted to go and not care for the toddler walking up the aisle to the restroom in front of me. ( that's for this occasion only , past two times it's been great fun for the kid,) 1.5 rounded to 1 for the carrots.
qSLdUiI2edATC3KBT2zf4Q	casual	As far as sports bars go, this one can't be beat. You won't find one in the East Valley with better food, beer selection, happy hour, or a friendlier staff. This is hands-down one of my favorite places in all of Ahwatukee and the surrounding areas.  I've been here bunches of times, and the only one bad experience I had (overcooked burger) they took care of the situation above and beyond.  I can't say it enough: go, eat, drink, see for yourself: Public House is the best around.
TzImzfIWkZTnetKl2a4-SQ	casual	R.T. O'Sullivan's really hit the spot! The service and the atmosphere were outstanding. We were put into the back room which was perfect for our large group of 45 plus. The server kept track of everything even as people moved around and socialized. The food was wonderful.   We will be going back!
i1zU7n6vtDZfHBumPsHLFw	fast	"Rinaldi's Italian Deli is a very good place for lunch if your in this area and looking for something a little lighter than a burger and fries. They are conveniently located near the corner on Deer Valley and 19th ave, next to Dunkin Donuts. They are open for breakfast, lunch and an early dinner. I recommend going during breakfast or lunch if your interested in their ""Specials of the Day"" that are on their hot plates. These items don't look too appetizing if you go by in the late afternoon or evening. They offer homemade soups and fresh cut salads loaded with just about anything you could imagine. They have a small selection of homemade pasta salads as well. I had their pastrami on rye with their spicey, nazzle opening, and horse radishy dressing. The pastrami was very good but had to be heated in a micro-wave. My sandwich was assembled very well so props to the girl behind the counter! Their Italian pasta salad was excellent. Their Cob salad was also very good, nothing fancy but a good balance of veggies, bacon, egg, tomato, blue cheese, avocado with grilled chicken. Not one of the better deli's in Phoenix but loads better than any chain deli! It's a nice alternative to burgers and fries."
65ujBUIwQ3iGBjymj268IA	casual	"We were very disappointed with this place. We drove over to Tempe, to a blasted out, deserted shopping center that looked like it closed due to a depression, and there it was in the corner, still open while everything around it was closed. It's a nice little spot inside, comfortable enough.  This is another one of those places that thrives on the Groupon phenomenon. Prices are jacked up to accommodate a discount. I bought a $6.50 bottle of beer (as one example). My pizza, a sausage pie, came out burned. I know that a good pizza has a ""flame kissed"" look to it, even at top places like Bianco's. But this pie was flame-licked, and there's a difference. I tasted charcoal more than I did sausage.   The folded and stuffed Calzone was not burned, but neither was it stuffed so full that it's busting its seams which is the way we like it. Lots of air inside this Calzone. I'lll take the dramatically less expensive Calzone at Mama Mia's on Indian School any day over this hot-air filled version.  The service was good, with a very friendly waitress helping us out. She should have noticed the burnt pie, however. If they reduce the inflated Groupon prices, I'd go back when they bring in some reasonable draft beer and start putting more care into their preparation of the food."
UYHa5iKUddnZrlxF7taI0Q	casual	I just re-visited Cheese 'N Stuff this weekend after a while. I guess just eat during their limited hours very often. They close very early (4pm). I love their liverwurst sandwiches and the Bismark but this time I decided to try the Doughboy people speak of minus mayo as I do not enjoy warm sandwich lubrication. As ever the place is tiny, homey and spotlessly clean. I had some of the hot German Potato salad as a side and a ginger ale. All were yummy, delicious and satisfying! As I was eating I had a yen for a Celery Soda to go with this classic sandwich but I've only been able to get them at Chompie's in the valley. There are loads of interesting European cookies to get packages of as dessert so grab a couple of friends when you go but carpool as the lot is smallish. I guess they stopped giving pickles with sandwiches, bummer.
xPbUPBWS6k31qgUfUODmnw	casual	"I'm sad to report that we dined here for lunch and it was inedible:(  Chef Aaron please come by and monitor your staff.  We had the eggplant sandwich and is was a disaster.  It was so overly oily and the bun and fries overwhelmed the plate.  The shrimp and grits were so average with the shrimp being of low quality.  The beer menu looked fabulous.  So I guess if this is just a watering hole things will be fine...but if you choose to dine be prepared to leave hungry and unsatisfied.  We hope this turns around.  The decor is cool and the staff is really fun and helpful...and we are hopeful for a great place to visit in the ""hood""."
6Tt0mGKbMoAz1GsjkVhbMQ	fine	By far my favorite restaurant in valley. Deliciously spicey. A bit pricey if you're picking and choosing items but they're complete meals are a pretty good bang for the buck.   Not actually sure about the service as I've only gotten takeout but if its any where close to the quality of food, then it must be awesome.
kgPjOtSeMd3CMdbnEmHbeQ	casual	"Another wonderful little counter joint. It's extremely basic, no frills, and cheap. The baklava isn't fabulous, but everything else is worthy of a special trip. Once again, the chicken shawarma draws me in, though I'll occasionally force myself into breaking out of that far too predictable mold (for falafel since I truly am stuck in a rut). The hummus is great. As mentioned, the salads mainly consist of iceburg lettuce, but they are not stingy with the feta and the dressing is amazing. There is night, semi-scrubby outdoor seating and the drinks are bottled or canned. Last year I went with a group of friends for Valentine's Day and there was a musician who was slightly too loud for the environment. When something special is going on, the owner comes around and checks with the patrons to verify quality and whether or not the activity is enjoyable. This is always a nice classy touch for a little dive. It's a rarer occasion that I find my way down there. Let's be honest: I only go that direction for SMoCA, the Venue of Scottsdale, and EZ Tattoo. It's not generally ""my scene"" and it's definitely out of my way. Any time I find myself doing something in downtown Scottsdale, however, dinner at Pita House prior to the main event is an absolute must."
K04Sot5bwUk-BkOotkurmA	casual	I'm always perplexed when the staff knows nothing about their on-line specials. This time it was the Yelp ad. Luckily it was quickly resolved by the bartender this time which was refreshing.   The place it's self is a pretty generic bar. I just had a few drinks along with the Crab Cakes which were actually pretty good.
kfveMaYeaqGVNHPitT4O9w	fine	I found this little hot spot on Yelp and used my phone to navigate me there; I wouldn't have found it otherwise. This small establishment is hidden in a neighborhood right off of Historic Downtown Chandler. It's a quaint little diner with modest décor. I felt very comfortable there and the service was fast and friendly. As I looked over the menu the first thing I saw was the Morning Monte and havarti cheese as one of the ingredients. Cheddar isn't better; it's all about havarti folks! I needn't look further; I knew that's what I was having. Hawaiian bread French toast, bacon, turkey, egg and the havarti - absolutely delicious! Can't wait to come back and bring everyone I know.
3yRq8DjiSt4lSPEonpSaLQ	casual	I've searched the world for the perfect pepperoni pizza.  I've searched it over and over again.  Damn it man!  I've wasted my life searching and searching to the farthest corners of the earth to find that saucy cheesy meaty delite!  Only to find that my favorite pepperoni pizza will always be Barro's,  a restaurant just around the corner from where I grew up.    I loathe you, you tasty cheesy bastards...oh, and can I have a large pepperoni to go?
1HqmlbLCoFBEF_V77oJTnw	casual	This place is literally within walking distance from my apartment, yet I have passed by it daily. This morning I was hungry for breakfast and had a lot of things to do so I thought I would try something close. I have noticed the parking lot is usually full, so I thought it must be good. I had no idea what type of food they had or what to expect.  It was Sunday morning just around 9:30 and I was fortunate to be able to walk in and instantly have a table. The server was very friendly and she checked back often always refilling my coffee. The menu is a little newspaper and it's a bit overwhelming with many options, but I finally settled on the volcano. It is described as three pancakes, 2 sausage links, 2 bacon strips, and an egg. The pancakes are three different sizes and stacked to create a volcano with the egg on top. It was under $9 and I was surprised at the size of it! I attempted but could not finish it. The big pancake was left uneaten. They do have a smaller option for around $6 and that might be the better way to go unless you have just returned from a month long trip through the jungle or plan to share with someone.   The server continued to check on me and even offered up a to go cup of coffee. I don't know how I have overlooked this place but based on the experience today, I would put it right at the top of best spots in town for breakfast. I will say come early because by the time I was leaving the lobby was full, people were milling around the parking lot, and the wait to be seated was 15 minutes.
bF7KQ6AQK5rBS7aOFKtlWg	casual	Ok, so, I finally ate at Wanda's.  It is located right near the Chandler Harley Davidson, and its alright.  The seating is really intimate, and rather small.  The largest table in this place is for seating of 4. I didnt care for how small it was, in regards to limited seating.  They do have outdoor seating, but again, they lost points with me for only having tables for either 2 or 4.  What I DO like about it, is that the service was quick, and its not the usual chain resturants like IHOP or Waffle house.  Limited menu, only open a few hours a day (like 7-3) and primarily have a breakfast and lunch menu.
sgBl3UDEcNYKwuUb92CYdA	fast	I can understand why everyone loves this place-- who wouldn't, right? With so many choices of cool, creamy gelato? Well, unless I am just very unlucky and visited on a bad day, this Gelato Spot has gone steeply downhill. My husband ordered a strawberry-kiwi flavored and I chocolate peanut butter. We both agreed: the gelato tasted grainy, with noticable ice crystals. And worse, the flavorings tasted like they came from a bottle, not fresh. IMO, this has become more of a place to see-and-be-seen -- not savor good gelato!
qkX9CmImtW97GHmt9NXKog	casual	"WOW! I am very sorry that it took me so long to convince Bri D. to go here. We went for brunch and it was amazing. Absolutely one of the best breakfasts I have ever had. The johnny cakes were out of this world! They have a granola-y taste to them, are filled with blueberries, and topped with yogurt and real maple syrup. It is this awesome combo of sweet and tart that is great. Despite being three pancakes, they weren't heavy and dense like normal ones. They made me feel satisfied but not ""stuffed"" and gave me lots of energy throughout the day. That's exactly what the awesome waitress said they would do. I love this place! It is beautiful inside, I love their theme, I love their concept, and I love the food. Can't wait to try more."
YQvg0JCGRFUkb6reMMf3Iw	fast	I admit it I eat donuts almost everyday and twice on Sundays. Today a I found a new addiction, french crullers, uhhh they are soo good. Melt in your mouth.
QnAzW6KMSciUcuJ20oI3Bw	casual	"It looked like shrimp and it taste like shrimp but it wasn't shrimp. It looked like chicken and it taste like chicken but it wasn't chicken. It was all tofu and 100% vegan AND it was all amazingly great. Even Amy's mock pork was surprisingly very pork like and I love pork. You see, I love meat and it's very seldom that I go a day without meat in any given deal. However, this full ""mock"" meat experience was pretty cool and enlightening. Not only was the lil establishment very clean but the owner was super cool and informative. Although I don't see myself converting to full veganism anytime soon, I'll definitely be back to try a few more vegan-mock meat dishes. Boba Juice is also my new go to place for a much needed icy cold smoothie with boba of course. I've tried a few variations and my favorite is the taro/coconut smoothie, add boba. I swung by Boba three days in a row for a smoothie and that's a pretty solid indicator that I like the place. Yay, I am a fan!"
52QtjHlHoa7V611bOvv1aw	casual	Panda Garden is a family run Chinese Food Restaurant that is always friendly, and most importantly, delicious. You can order dishes family style and there's plenty of delicious meals to try. My personal favorite is the Empress Chicken, sweeter then Orange Chicken, but the flavor just melts in your mouth. I just had the Kung Pao Two which is Chicken and Shrimp, and its even better the next day as leftovers thanks to the generous portions. They have a good selection of sake and beer as well. This is my favorite Chinese restaurant and hope everyone else checks it out.
qHjUo2foq-IXF6Tk1Iz3WQ	casual	"Stacy's is so cute! I pulled up and its a little shack with some limited seating outside. Seems like most people take their food to go, but your more then welcome to eat at their tables if you like. When you pull up, you order at the window and they make the food for you while you wait. There were a few of us hanging out in the parking lot at the time, which was kinda fun! I got the BBQ Brisket to go, and it was a okay. I loved the fact that it was smoked, and the BBQ sauce was on the side, so I could put on as much as I'd like. Menu's kinda limited but good, and pricing is fair. So, I was checking out their make shift dining area, and I had to laugh because there was a spray painted sign above that said ""man cave."" LOL. Place is cute, I recommend carrying out, and parking is kinda tight. Definitely a cute spot, and not a half bad place!"
tA2DT7CGQPzgA6tTcTkXDw	casual	This is a difficult review to write. My family started eating here when they first opened. We were a once a week customer. Very happy with the food and service, pizza is delicious. Then one evening, we placed our order asking for the special we always get, a 2 pizza deal. When we received our order, they placed 2 medium pizzas on our table. I immediately asked about the pizza size as we had always received 2 large pizzas as advertised. It turns out they have 2 specials, a 2 medium pizza deal and a 2 large pizza deal. The employee never asked which deal and the fact that we were there with 5 people should have prompted them to ask me to specify which deal. I spoke to the owner of this location he agreed to make us another medium pizza to make up the size difference to which I agreed to. Nearly 10 minutes later, the owner came to our table and told us that if he made us another pizza, he was going to have to charge us for it. I refused and now nearly 2 years later, we have chosen not to return to this establishment. My money is important to me and it should be as important to any business, especially a small local business... I now choose a place slightly further away, but one that appreciates its customers. Pizza - delicious Customer appreciation - needs improvement Hope some changes have been made over the last couple of years
atbvu3MxnDgpQfZgvPZz2Q	casual	"Best in Phoenix???  I hope not. Now, don't get me wrong. What I had was pretty good but that's about it,...""pretty good"". Here's what I tasted and thought:  Pulled Pork : Tasty. Sauce was OK (not fab.), Meat was of good quality and was cooked appropriately.  Pulled (sliced) Beef  : Meh., Meat had been a good cut but was dried out and a bit tough, Again the sauce was just OK.   Beef Ribs : Tasty , Large & Meaty, Sauce was again... OK.  Mac. & Cheese : Most disappointing item of the meal!, Tasted like Kraft out 'o the box.   Greens : This was the best part of my meal, Cooked appropriately and spiced very well.  Banana Pudding - Ick!!, It was partially frozen and watery, The cookies were a soggy & watery mush.  First refill on the sweet tea was .80 cents and then you have to buy a new cup if you want more!!  What the.....?!?!?!? We're already paying a premium for everything and you're going to gouge us on drink refills??  Honestly..... there's absolutely no reason for me to go back. I don't know if this place USED to have outstanding Q, and is now just serving this mediocre stuff and rakin' in the dough, or what.  Pretty disappointing and I wasn't even the one paying!!!"
y09589YKY953yYzK4JxcRg	fast	Looking for something refreshing to escape this crazy AZ heat? Rita's may be your answer!  I stopped by yesterday with Lindsey F, and was pleasantly surprised by all of the unique flavors of ice and custard to choose from: Swedish Fish? Check! (and it tastes exactly like the candy).  Lemonade, Cherry, Mango? Check, Check, Check!  I ended up taking home a quart of half lemonade and half cherry.  My husband and I dug into it last night.  Next time I'll have to try the custard... or perhaps the Sour Patch Kid flavor that is coming out this week!  Mmmm!
SDetUVwhaCPGkQYqmUak6g	casual	I have confirmed the rumors that Big Wong will be closing before the end of the year. The owners have been locked in to a lease they assumed for the last 15 years and with the down-turning economy aren't able to continue. If you want a very reliable meal in a super friendly environment, rush on over before they close their doors forever. : (
rK9wysMZ3nh6b6dxiG-l_Q	casual	So I was pretty excited about this burger joint opening since it's President Obama's favorite...  The burger was good. Not great, not bland, just okay. My biggest hang up with this restaurant are the prices! Skip the beverage... it's very over priced. I was also not impressed with the fries- regular or cajun. They were pretty average as well. Stick with the burger and skip the rest is my suggestion to you.
siFw3cNWKfFL14K3aF2Fiw	fine	Union is a nice cozy place set on the fringe of Old Town Scottsdale. The inside has a nice homey feel with booths that have extra throw pillows (love that) and soft lighting and desert scape paintings. A big drawback is that while half of the seats face the lovely paintings the other half face the kitchen. The wine flights are good but the pours are inconsistent and not as hearty as in some places. The bulk of their wine menu comes in bottle form. They do offer 8 oz pours of wine for about $15 a glass. Be careful when you order, as we were given 8oz pours and had no idea we were getting them. The food was quite good, they actually had real grilled focaccia and this garlic cream butter that was delicious. Its tapas style and we ordered three and it was more than enough for the two of us. All of the tapas we ordered were well prepared. We also ordered dessert which was very mediocre. I would come back again but probably for a happy hour. As far as food goes it wasn't my favorite at a wine bar. They do have a patio out front that looks like it would be very cozy on a cool evening.
m-zkVdThpPsJxj3pZ2C7aw	casual	I've been here quite a few times, and always love their food. Pretty good servings for the amount of money. Burger yesterday was a bit over-cooked, but the fries were great as always. I love how small it is - friendly staff and it always seems like the whole family is back there cooking and serving. Would definitely recommend.   So all in all, great for the money, and convenient because it's close to my work, but I wouldn't drive across town for it.
ImghNwml8N-ncAqhXe00hg	casual	"One hour. That is how long we waited after ordering before we decided we would rather eat anywhere that wasn't here. A crushing, impressively underwhelming experience in lack of service.  We arrived, found we had free valet parking? With a teensy parking lot, this works, thank you. A good selection of indoor and outdoor seating? Also a plus. Setting expectations and/or taking care of waiting customers? FAIL.  On a beautiful AZ autumn morning we came here (tho we entered Rockerij). We asked to be re-seated outside because inside of Rockerij is dark as a tomb and had loud, conversation intruding, music. We were reseated by the fireplace, and a waiter came over shortly to take our order. Bam. So far so good...or so we thought. 30 Mins after placing our order, I ask another waiter to check on the status of our food and he cleverly asks about what we ordered (exactly)...so we think it is being taken care of. 40 MINS after placing our order, I have still only had my coffee refilled once...and had to flag down another waiter to inquire about the status of our food again, because our actual waiter is nowhere to be found and the previous ""drive-by"" waiter never returned. A few mins beyond that, this guy actually comes back and indicates that our order is nearly ready and should only be a few minutes longer. Shortly thereafter OUR waiter stops by with comments of:   ""I don't know why it's taking so long..."" and ""I put the ticket in right after I took your order...""  So...as a waiter...maybe it might be part of your job to check on the status of an order say...15mins after bringing it by the kitchen? Perchance? What do you think?  FIFTEEN (15 == few?) minutes later, we still had no food and I'd had quite enough. Out the door we went.  On a comical note: As we were outside (another 5 minute wait because the valet had our car either parked in Egypt somewhere or tandem?) our waiter came out to find us to let us know that our food was ready if we'd like to come back inside?  Oh R E A L L Y? The Clue-Delivery Train will be visiting you shortly. Facial cues you may want to look for in the future are: 1) the furrowed eyebrows 2) fuck-you facial expression and 3) curling fists  It seems that we are not alone in this. Courtney W.'s review (10/14/12) is representative of what we experienced.  I am dumbfounded how they have any good reviews. There must be a serious drought of sit down restaurants in this part of town, because this crap would never fly where I live. I cannot tell you how much I am looking forward to NEVER COMING HERE AGAIN.  P.S. They own 3 restaurants apparently: Richardson's, Rokerij, and Dick's Hideaway...all right in the same area (Rokerij and Richardson's being attached).   P.P.S. They all serve the same menu. It is NOT amazing. I have previously been to Dick's. Yes, it is good. No my socks did not come flying off.  P.P.P.S. ProTip: Drive down to Central Phoenix and go to Durant's, Portland's, Switch, or Fez. All of these places have exemplary service and food to match."
ZCE_ZHlZGpWPGICWpGNrdQ	fast	Fruity Pebbles! YAY!  They don't have a sign up yet, but we were walking by and noticed they were open and there were happy people inside so they must be, oh yes it was true, giving away free frozen yogurt!   They were offering original (vanilla) and pomegranate flavors to choose from, I chose pomegranate. They have fruity pebbles as a topping which made me very happy, since that was my favorite cereal as a kid.
jFfrM1y-L1icUZXjBpxmeg	casual	Love this little frozen yogurt paradise!! I like Golden Spoon, but this place is definitely a notch above. The toppings bar alone is a reason to check it out.....can you say Fruity Pebbles anyone? How awesome is that??? I like the fact that you choose how much or little you want in whatever combos you crave. The flavors are also really yummy, and they always have a good variety. It's a great place to take kids, as they tend to like anything interactive like this. I'm so happy I live close & plan on coming lots as the weather heats up.
6nH0DLfofTytTeZJSkprgw	fine	Let me say this: the bar at Hanny's is one of the best looking bars in Phoenix. This square-shaped sparkly thing gets an A+ on the presentation, and they make some great cocktails. The rest of the place... not so much. I agree with everyone else: Hanny's has a great concept for a place. They left the skeleton of an old department store intact -- complete with a completely unusable second story -- but the results aren't spectacular. The restaurant looks great inside, like it should be a real classy establishment. So why are they serving pizzas here? The pies are decent, yeah, but really? Shouldn't we be getting steak here? Prime rib? A nice grouper fillet perhaps? With such a nice space and a primo location right in the heart of downtown, I'd think Hanny's could step it up in the food department. It's like this place is confused about who it wants to be: a neighborhood fare spot or a classy dining destination.
dFi7mkN0PBoFYt1untE3OA	fast	I was really disappointed with my local Baja Fresh tonight.  The lobby, salsa bar and even drink station were very dirty and unkept.  To top that off my salad had old dark colored guacamole and limp lettuce.  I hope they read this and will do a better job at cleaning up!
YqcPBiZMeCjZFlJlA28zwQ	casual	Surprise!  A Vietnamese restaurant in Surprise.  I ordered bun noodles with beef/lemongrass to go.  I waited at the bar, and the service was great.  The owner sat next to me and had a plate of spring rolls.  I made a comment on how tasty they looked, and he asked if I wanted one.  I think that's when I knew I loved this place.  Anyhow, I got home and tasted my food.  Awesome.  The noodles were cooked perfectly (not soggy), and there were plenty of veggies and meat.  The nuoc mam had a lot of flavor as well. (You can have really good food, but if you have crappy nuoc mam, your food won't taste right.)  I think I'm gonna have to start ordering to-go weekly.
cjFDprdEXbDDdraONMy5Pg	fast	3+ meals for $10.75? GREAT DEAL! Ask for your meal to go, so you don't have to pay 50 cents for take out box :)  How do you get 3+ meals, you might ask? PACKING & SMUSHING! First, add some meat, and use the wax paper to pack down the meat all along the sides and the bottom of the bowl. Try to avoid empty spaces in between every piece of meat. Then add your vegetables, and smush it all down with the wax paper with each layer of veggies you add. Make sure to add enough meat and veggies so that your have a flat surface up to the brim of the bowl. Add lots of green onions for extra flavor.  I recommend using the wheat noodles, because you can create a taller mountain of noodles and it's healthier!  Advice for the sauce: ADD LOTS OF IT. Since you're now a packing queen/king, you can't use the recipes on YC's wall, either double up or triple up.  Ask the nice Mongolian BBQ chefs to add pineapples and cilantro, and then when they finish cooking up your food, add some sesame seeds for that lil extra somethin somethin!
6Y-6Y6sy6qOQHrWI37zR1Q	casual	"If you want a good meal that will fill ya up, for a fair price...Wally's is a great choice!  The menu has great variety.  If you want a burger, there are many to choose from.  Each is huge and juicy, and comes with your choice of a side....go with the blended fries that include deliciious sweet potato fries.  Want a salad?  Again, many to choose from...my favorite is the chinese chicken.  And, in case you missed my earlier comments, expect a BIG salad.  And, if you're not watching your calories, then try any of their specialty mac'n'cheese dishes.  WOW!  I can't comment on the desserts because I can't eat anything beyond the entrees...but, I've seen others order a dessert; they looked yummy and - you guessed it - HUGE!  And, here's the thing about Wally's:  they're ""good people"".  in addition to providing you with a great meal, Wally's staff are active supporters of non-profit organizations in the greater Phoenix area.  I have first-hand knowledge of their support for the Valley of the Sun Unted Way, and the Boys and Girls Clubs of Greater Scottsdale.  I have no doubt they support other causes."
ZNi59SPFF2GXSmRrk-f5Rw	casual	Until they get their quality under control, we won't eat here except for lunch. We ate here last weekend and both had the roasted chicken. The problem was it tasted like it was basted in cinnamon and the sauce for the risotto had at least 10 whole peppercorns on each of our plates. I actually bit into to one before I realized that the sauce was just crawling with them. They could've strained them out, processed them in, whatever, just don't serve me a plate with a bunch of whole peppercorns. This tasted NOTHING like the previous visit when I ordered the same exact dish. When we finally let the management know that our food was unacceptable, he said the best he could do was a 20% discount. Well. we  weren't looking for a free or discounted meal, but rather some acknowledgement that they actually cared about the food. That never happened. Unless something changes, the burgers are decent and that is about it.
zht8__JJoxkozBhf_vuKYg	fine	The quintissential downtown scottsdale club. As snobby as it gets, but in an endearing way. I talked to Ice T and Coco at this club one time. For some reason I felt like I always was on the verge of punching somebody when I was in there. This place reminds me of the club in the beginning of American Psycho, reserved tables, the whole deal.
fHGb1TiZbYAFxxwADhIYQw	casual	"Being a native Californian-I never knew these existed till I drove from Los Angeles to Charlotte, NC in 2005 and realized they are everywhere!!! I kept seeing these bill boards every few miles and finally decided that I had to try one. Fearing it was something like a ""Waffle House"" which I'd had the misfortune to visit once at 3am, I was prepared to turn and walk out if it was disgusting. My first experience was a pleasant surprise and this location is pretty much the same, in fact, every location is the same, which is a good thing when you are on a road trip and looking for a clean bathroom and somewhere to grab a bite, maybe get some entertainment for the road. The front entrance is lined with rocking chairs and this location has water misters out there, which is good because the only place I have been that is hotter than Buckeye is Needles, Ca and i think Needles, Ca is right underneath a hole in the Ozone! Anyway, inside they have a little country store with every kind of candy you can imagine and seasonal cute stuff along with books, toys, gifts and such. The bathrooms are usually way cleaner than you'd find at a truck stop, rest stop or gas station and they have a full service restaurant with a ""down home"" menu. Best thing is breakfast all day long and they make great breakfast! If you are on the road and looking for a clean, pleasant pit stop. This is a great place to spend some time and re-charge for the road."
gi0bK6z2CC-hXgO5MKrnPg	casual	Pei Wei is a family favorite, especially for take out. I can call Pei Wei while I leave the house, order my food as I drive, and when I arrive 9 times out of 10 the food is hot and ready to roll. The food is always tasty and at a fair price. We love it.
Q1cSwGiy-RU9XXf9T7HqRw	casual	"Cherry on Top is a rare example of design by market analysis committee, who couldn't decide on a unique concept so they decided to ""borrow"" from all of their competitors' styles, turning out at least as well as if not better than its individual inspirations.  The result provides convenient answers to the following frozen yogurt questions: - Can't decide between tart and traditional? Why not both? - Can't decide between standard or high-end sweet? Mix vanilla, taro, green tea, cheesecake (but only at your own risk.) - Feeling constrained by four fit all sizes? $0.39/oz., cup weight subtracted. - Wavering on the topping healthiness spectrum? Fruit to sugar cereal to nuts to crushed big brand candy available.  The quality is close enough to most of the relevant rivals (as long as one is not requiring the desert honey Sweet Republic tart variant) but, correctly and perhaps intentionally, the value proposition is that most patrons won't care about the slight dip, trading off for the flexibility of purchasing (only) as much yogurt and toppings as desired while satisfying Hershey's-acclimated children with a Frankenstein of saccharine flavors and junk toppings as well guests from the city pining for the nearest Pinkberry with original tart plus kiwi, strawberries, blackberries and pineapple."
5BXNeSwzOy1nhU9PtCHvIw	fine	I got to stay here for work and had the best time! They have so many pools. I would spend my afternoons in the smaller pools and have the pool all to myself. It was great! They let me send free postcards which was fun, too. My room was beautiful. It was large and had great amenities.   Food was disgusting though. I didn't have access to a car so I was pretty limited to eating hotel food for a week. Everything I ordered was gross and I tried it ALL!  I thought customer service was fine--not great, just adequate.
r2S4arkHyRcUroRhggMIoA	casual	Throwing the picture of Sheriff Arpaio on the wall aside, I really did enjoy the burger from here. After reading reviews, I decided to go with the sweet and spicy burger. It was just as good as the other reviews say it is. The burger was juicy and every topping on it melted together in my mouth perfectly. The fries were good, but they were just fries, nothing too special. The sweet potato fritters, on the other hand, were super tasty. They had a sound consistency and were loaded with rich flavor. It you like sweet potato fries at all you must try those fritters! All in all I had a pretty good experience here, and it's worth checking out if you're in the Arcadia neighborhood.
3uKAHQr19vFUfBJuXdmhEA	casual	Had the Korean Beef over white rice. What a great dish.   Thin sliced beef in a garlic brown sauce with onions and great taste, served with a side of white rice. NOTHING over the top nothing trying to be something it is not. Just good food.
YxLiLBNTm4cOg7OlKKLmVw	casual	"I'm not a fan of chains. I far prefer to find, and give my business to, new and interesting local fare. That said, there are a couple of chains I like and one is Texas Roadhouse.  Texas Roadhouse does two things really well: steak and portions. I can go to a Texas Roadhouse anywhere and get a well-made ribeye at a very reasonable price. It made not be ""fork tender"" or the same quality as a $50 ribeye, but it'll only cost me $18 and I know it will be far superior to any other, more expensive, chain steakhouse. But before I get that steak, I'll get peanuts, bread, salad, and sides. So I'll likely have half a steak for lunch the next day.  Like I said, well made steak and portions. I'm good with that."
Kur7YGwuw6CqnqEypNrOvQ	casual	"Chai is alive and well, and living at City Center at City North. I had been dating a gal name Starbucks for the past few years. She was a plain gal, generic if you will. She was dependable and available. I was feeling as if i needed more out of my relationship, as you can imagine. So, at times, I would cheat on my gal with another gal named Coffee Bean. Coffee Bean was Kosher and a bit edgier, yet had a leaner list of qualities. I needed more out of my relationships. They say that when you're not looking for someone new, they appear. Well, that was the case with my new crush named Press. I had been to High Street for dinner Kona Grill, yet most of the other shops and restaurants were closed or not yet open for business at the time. I ventured back during daytime hours to give them another opportunity. I had heard about Press, so I was more than excited to give it a go. At this point I was still making caffeine a part of my diet, so i ordered something called a ""Dirty Chai."" This was a Chai with espresso shots. Press uses a powdered Chai which, in my opinion, works better than the liquid or tea bag forms. I was also given the option to have my frothy delight in a ceramic cup. I opted for that. I felt like i was having the type of coffee house experience I had only just imagined. Press occupies a well appointed space, too. From the wood and granite, to the stained concrete floors, I felt as if i were in a European city, not a Phoenix strip mall. The free wi-fi is a major plus, in my opinion. Press goes as far as to have a ""dog friendly"" cart outside, in its ample outdoor seating area. I spoke with Steve, the owner of Press, at length. In talking, I asked how Press came to be, and he said that his wife had wanted to open a coffee shop one day. Well Steve, you have certainly exceeded her expectations, as well as the residents of the Greater Phoenix area. By the way, Press serves sandwiches and soups, as well as an extensive list of wines. Check it out, the staff will make you feel at home, or like you're on vacation in the cozy European city of your choice."
VO13q-11lh7St1gd7JPI3Q	fast	Southern hospitality? Yes ma'am (or Mister) :) The first thing that struck me was that my server had a lovely accent. My daughter looked at me & asked me if it was part of her job to fake an accent,,,, I went with no. I'm not sure where it's from, but it's a 'honey & y'all' accent :D She had a very friendly disposition & made our lunch experience a pleasure. She made her mama proud. The food was decent AND you can have breakfast all day. I love having breakfast for dinner, so that's a big selling point to me :) The building is fairly new, not too brightly lit & clean. In all honesty I would have given them an A OK rating, 3 stars, but our server pushed them to a 'yay! I'm a fan', 4 star rating. Good people make the difference!
R7SVavAsjzN3wy825PiOEg	casual	I have visited MacAlpine's a few times, and every time I have been very pleased with both the food and the service. The wait staff and the owners are always very friendly and helpful and the food, although nothing fancy, is always good. I love the atmosphere of this restaurant as well as the neighboring thrift shop that is fun to browse while the food cooks. And the egg cream sodas are delicious! Not to mention visiting a piece of Phoenix history at the same time - I love it! The only downside to this place? I wish they were open later into the evening...
Vvh2Hd4SsZjEEfKLNKAEWw	fast	Sundays are a good day to do, well, a whole lot of nothing. After a successful day of avoiding anything useful or constructive, a friend and I decided to stop by for some Irish-style refreshments. Located in what seems to be the World's Largest Strip Mall With Confusing Parking Lot, this is a very low-key enjoyable place. It was not at all crowded on this particular afternoon, and as an added bonus, pints were Sunday bargain-priced at $3! I tried my first ever Dirty Pear (Guinness on top of Ace Pear Cider) - dangerously good. I wonder if it can be counted as a serving of fruit... You can't have an Irish bar without fish & chips, and theirs is pretty good - a large slab of lightly-battered fish which was more than enough for sharing, served with a stack of crisp french fries. While I prefer thick-cut steak fries, these skinny ones were consumed with no problem whatsoever! Thank you, Skeptical Chymist, for assisting me in my quest for non-productivity.
NleiJA9dpfKjhxe0cCD1MA	casual	I'll go easy because they just opened this location. 1) The onion ring batter won't stay on the onion. The onion was a bit raw too. Try soaking the rings for 24 hours in buttermilk. Then coat twice. Season the flour with garlic and pepper. Works for me! 2) The happy hour menu is weak!. Pretty much chips and snacks type stuff. Nothing good like sliders etc. 3) The kids mac & cheese is out of a box. Really guys? It takes two seconds to make mac & cheese from scratch. Go to allrecipes.com if you need help. 4) The burger meat is good in flavor but the burger lacks seasoning. 5) The menu is way too big. A scaled down menu with better quality would be better. 6) The nachos are nasty with that queso cheese. People love traditional nachos. Stack them high and layer them with cheddar. all the toppings. You are a sports bar. 7) IMO.. drop all of the steaks etc from the menu. You're a sports bar. Leave that to Mastros and Flemings. People want GOOD bar food in a sports bar. Bottom line.... love the atmosphere, food is OK, beer was cold, price is a little high for what you get, menu is too big, quality of food is OK. What would I do? Interview a new fresh Chef to bring in some changes. Good luck. I'll stop by again for a happy hour and give you another try. Cheers.
VGhMTZyqmGmM4Lrn9i6yuQ	casual	"Terrible food, terrible service.  I ordered chicken fried rice. The waiter brings me a bowl and says, ""chicken fried rice, right?"" I look into the bowl and it's a bowl of brown rice. This must be a joke. I tell him that's wrong, and next me brings me a bowl of rice, seemingly fried?, with vegetables and no chicken. I bring that back to the counter and say my order had chicken in it, bringing my receipt along. So finally, they bring me a bowl of chicken fried rice.  Or at least their version of it.  I didn't think it was possible to actually screw up something as simple as chicken fried rice. The rice itself was cheap long grain rice. It was inedible due to the how stale/hard it was. Like absolutely no water absorption. And the rice was all covered in something that made it very wet and practically slimy. Disgusting. I have no idea how people can eat this.  Oh, and that server who brought me the brown rice and claimed it was fried rice tried to bring lettuce wraps to the table next to me saying it was their salad. There's a nice picture on the wall which shows you what the salad is supposed to look like, and it's not lettuce wraps.  The best thing about my meal was the fountain drink, which cost $1.85. The Circle K in the same plaza has bigger cups for 99 cents."
JLrAD5J7O0xIdtUHb21jvQ	casual	I've been to Silver Spoon once, I need to go back to really make the decision if I like it or not.  I went in the summer, it was kinda hot in there-- like most places in the summer but, the heat makes me grumpy.  SO I need to go back when the weather is normal.  I got a salad-- it was massive, a little too much dressing for my liking.  Okay, A LOT of too much dressing but I ate it anyway.   I'll probably try something else next time.  The staff was nice, the snarky guy that someone mentioned was snarky, buy snarky in a fun loving way, at least that is how I took it.  Snarky can come off all wrong and bad if not done correctly or if you just aren't in the mood for it, or if you yourself is snarky too-- then it's a disaster.    It's close by my work so the fact that I have not returned makes me keep it at a 3 star review.
lVXDmY6UQ2cCimhPXpnYZA	casual	I'm staying at a hotel in Tempe so I decided to let Yelp direct me to a sushi joint for dinner. After reading several reviews, decided to try Sushi Eye since it was less than 5 miles from my hotel. I orered the following: Sashimi Plate (tuna, salmon, yellowtail), Hamachi Kama (grilled yellowtail collar), and Uni (sea urchin). POSITIVES: -- Price was very reasonable. Total cost was $40 including tip. -- The food was fresh and the portion sizes were great. Even the Uni was extremely fresh and the amount was more than reasonable. -- The Sashimi Plate came with soup and salad. The dressing on the salad was excellent. NEGATIVES: -- The green tea was lukewarm and the waiter/waitress did not do a good job of ensuring my tea cup was always full. -- It takes a very long time for the food to come out. There were only 3 or 4 tables besides me so it wasn't a busy night. -- This is an odd one but I actually wished the Hamachi Kama didn't have so much meat on it. Due to the large/thick amount of flesh, it didn't not have the crisp chargrilled taste to it. Probably another reason why it took so long for it to be prepared. Overall, I give it 4 stars. I would definately go back and may tomrrow night.
-vaGR2CXNS4NZrMdctSkGA	casual	Seriously, their happy hour prices can't be beat. A beer, a spicy tuna roll, calamari and avocado egg roll for under $20 including tip. Service was attentive and friendly. We had to lurk around the bar area for awhile to get a table, but that only speaks to how popular this place is. If you are looking for an inexpensive dinner out that doesn't involve Denny's or Olive Garden this is a great choice.
sb4wU69LkCtC6Axqcd34WQ	casual	So Weekends are usually hubbys choice and he decided on Rock Bottom. I don't mind coming here, I really like their Mac and Cheese. You can get it with or without chicken.........years ago the chicken was this really thin shaved peppered chicken and I thought it was awful so I have since always ordered without chicken. However today Hubby chose the mac and chicken and I was surprised that now they use real chunks of shredded chicken breast!! YAY! What and improvement!! It was really good! (see pics) . I got the Turkey Bacon Cobb sandwich minus bacon =Layers of juicy oven-roasted turkey breast on grilled sourdough bread with sweet peppered bacon, sliced avocado, roasted tomatoes, sprouts and mixed greens. Topped with rosemary dressing and Bleu cheese crumbles (see pics) It was better than I expected, they forgot to put avocado on it though and the bread was really really good and for being grilled it wasnt over saturated with grease. The onion rings could have been crispier but were OK. Lame waitress today she was new but whatever...she sucked!!
5oIiBxbTYuWAtHx7-alXbA	casual	"Ok, so this is a Sprouts now. Boring. The layout of the store is pretty much the same as when it was Sunflower. I would like this Sprouts more, if it was like an actual Sprouts. Instead it's just a weird transitiony in between ""Sproutsflower"". That's what I'm calling it, until they figure it out. Atleast they still have the soup bar."
1Ap6ZNCvyLLKHP0wvCk9yA	casual	Upon our overnight stay at Econolodge a few blocks down, the live lit sign along side of the street attracted me to try this restaurant. I remember the menu vaguely, however did not forget the amazing breakfast special the other half and I ordered. $6 for a plate of thick cut bacon, 2 eggs made your way, hash browns, and toast (white/wheat/rye, etc.) Customer service was great, the hostess and waitress made us feel very comfortable!
mQ6_slsCd8-c8WFNtESnqw	casual	Disclaimer: I am a Thai person and a Thai food connoisseur.   This is supremely average Thai food and overpriced as heck to take advantage of White People. Sorry to be blunt but that's all it is. $18 dishes that are $8 at a real Thai restaurant. The spring rolls were very bland and came with only a tiny bit of sauce for dipping. They should also include on the table a selection of fish sauces and spices to add to your meals and appetizers. They dont have.  If you like spicy, skip it for sure. Again this is what we would call Tourist Thai back in Thailand.   Tiny servings.  The good. Friendly wait staff.  If authentic Thai is what you're looking for try any of these: Palees Crown, Tum Nak Thai or Royal Thai Grill.
odhXwWaYZvD_icIN6f_DbA	casual	I really like the ambiance here for breakfast but the service is TERRIBLE and they are always out of staple items, like English Breakfast tea. I had a morning business meeting breakfast here, paid the bill and tipped 20%. I asked for more tea and got charged again, okay, fair enough. I paid the additional bill but did not tip again on the $2.50, the waiter followed me outside and confronted me about why I didn't tip again on the second bill as I was standing with my client. Tacky. Also, they need to step up the menu. The menu is limited and not prepared very well, which is a shame, because it has a great Euro Cafe type of environment.
5Feaj6aixO_QxKFnkHf3xg	fast	Some of the best pizza I've had in Phoenix. I prefer to get takeout since the inside is a little...eh... but who cares if the food's good! I love the crust, crispy and slightly chewy. The pizza can be a little greasy sometimes (but hey, it's pizza), but as long as it doesn't soak through and make the crust all flimsy (which has never happened with the pizzas I get here!) it's nothing that a paper towel or two can't fix! I'm not a big wing person but my dad has had them and he says they're pretty good.  The staff has always been super-friendly, and they actually remember me, even though I only come in once every couple months!
sZAzeccYUVPjlkrlMooV-g	fast	Decent gelato. Some real, some artificial flavors. Comparable to Gelato Spot, I guess. Nowhere near the same league as Arlecchino, though. However, any place that doesn't use 100% real fruit, chocolate, etc... will never compare to Arlecchino. If you're already at Tempe Marketplace, MDG serves the purpose.
VVeogjZya58oiTxK7qUjAQ	fine	"This is the old Rigatony's on Brown Rd- If you've never been, it has a Buca di Bepo-ish, before Buca was cool, sort of feel. They even serve their house chianti in a small water glass, instead of a wine goblet- adding to an authentic ""Joisey"" kind of feel.  This is traditional Italian-American fare, rich and flavorful- with big portions. The Chicken Piccata is crack-good. It's served in what I've come to learn is a Sicilian style, with a n awesome relish of tomatoes, capers, and green olives and a side of addictive Fett Alfredo. It never gets old.  Another great authentic dish is their Cecca- you can get it as a ""Pie"" (Pizza, that is) or over pasta. You just have try it. It's rich, refreshing, and explosively flavorful all at once.  The house salad is a variation on a traditional AntiPasto theme- and is a meal, and event, in and of its self.  The best thing about Mardeneley's is that EVERYTHING on the menu is good! It only gets Four stars because it could use a bit more snob appeal (and a better beer selection)."
6v0vQm3wXzaFoEywvpbnqg	fast	Ice Ice Baby... Ice Ice Baby...  All right stop collaborate and listen; Ice Now is here and it's got my attention  Make some drinks - not warm but frosty; And believe me when I say they are not costly Will it ever melt? yo I don't know. Give them a call and they'll show To the extreme I yelp like a sandal; Ice your drinks and get lit like a candle ... Ice ice baby  PS - not sure where the sandal line came in but writing a review in lyric form is a challenge!  This is the best I can do for now...  Need ice for an event?  Call Ice Now! They offer free delivery and their pricing is surprisingly cheap.  And good luck getting the Ice Ice Baby lyrics out of your head... (sorry)!
QkLraKf901i0MjluEuFFrw	casual	What an awesome sushi place! I highly recommend How do You roll, if you want some sushi done quickly and freshly and without wait. what a novel idea. I want to thank the manager Amanda for taking good care of me, can't wait to come back again!
vnffHkFJbmd-J3OaBbK2Eg	fine	I was a regular at Mia's first location in Wrigleyville/Chicago. Scott (the original founder/chef and present owner) is the reason Mia Francesca is what it is. Not sure if us folks up here in Scottsdale know how lucky we are he landed on our door step. Food, service, vibe...if I could give it six stars I would.
