852	0	Yes, it was, wasn't it? I hope I didn't say anything out of line. Oh, no, no, not at all, I always enjoy learning something new. Well, I'll see you tonight, don't be late.
836	0	Frasier, I hired a babysitter twice, I did my makeup twice, I performed a miracle of engineering by taping myself into this dress twice - only to be stood up twice Roz, technically you only did your hair once. You know, some day you're gonna need another favour from me, buddy, and when that day comes, I hope you know what you can do with it.
280	0	That's messed up. Is this spicy? No, baby girl. It would be messed up if I didn't find anything, but I did, so-
575	0	I'm sorry, am I interrupting something? Oh, not a thing, honey. Just take off your coat and stay a while. Okay. I felt bad about that squabble earlier so I dropped off this little peace offering.
208	0	You're a secretary! What do you know? Okay. And you're a temp and I'm taking your phone. I'm confiscating this.
609	0	Oh. D.A. wants to set bail for Patterson's wife. They need me to send them all the files.  I'm the secondary. I'll go back there and do the busy work. You guys stay here and keep celebrating.  You sure you're not just sneaking off for more weird dead guy s*x?
932	0	Its really sad that your dog ran away. Why did it keep you from going to the park? I was afraid I would find him in the park, playing with another kid. Why?
725	0	Or you could stick a fork in an apple! Hey, I think Emma might like it! Oh! Emma might like what?
47	1	Has anybody seen my engagement ring?  Yeah, it's beautiful.  Oh God, oh God, oh God oh God oh God oh God.... (Starts to look under the couch cushions.)
985	0	He couldn't lock himself in. Split up and find the ones that are unlocked. Looks like we all got door duty. I see what you did there. Nice.
337	1	Thanks.  After you ended... everything with us, I went on a vacation. Hmm.
581	0	[looking intensively at the form with the apartment  Look! Look at...look at this! There's a garden.  A garden! I can't believe there's a garden!
155	0	Frasier, what's the matter? Didn't you hear? They're out of everything... Frasier We've both had a long day, but we're here now, why can't you make the most of it?
692	0	Dad What are you doing here? I saw Niles's car outside, so I thought I'd stop in for a drink. I can't go to McGinty's anymore with Bonnie there, and Eddie's taking a break from the park. Well, come join us here on Elba.
862	1	 I don't know. Who can tell?  You all right, Captain? Tough weekend?  I went to Barbados with my husband. We wove hats out of Palm fronds and swam with the stingrays. I've never been happier.
790	0	Hey, it's me! I'm comin' in! I've had a very long, hard day. Ahh, I'm gonna go get some chicken. Want some?
572	0	I have been working out. Really? Wow, this is so much better than I Oh thats not pretty.
241	0	What did yours say? Friends are worth sharing a doghouse with. It's no wonder that Andy gave Kelly such a romantic card. I can't compete with her. That girl can sing, and dance, and gets all of her clothes at the mall. And I feel like such a fool for thinking that Andy was only going after one girl, cause Andy Bernard is a playboy. And, why shouldn't he be? He's got it all.
992	1	She and Peralta have some big bet over who gets more arrests this year. At first I objected, but ever since the bet, their numbers have gone way up. Tell me about Peralta. Jacob Peralta is my best detective -- he likes putting away bad guys and he loves solving puzzles. The only puzzle he hasn't solved... is how to grow up.
788	0	Green.  Yes. The clothes hamper was green. The clothes hamper was green! Drinks on me.  [laughs] You're weird.
980	0	 I'm calling natural causes. We got heart medicine over here, home defibrillator. And a frequent customer gift basket from the cardiac wing of Brooklyn Methodist. This case is open and shut. Just like his mouth was, constantly. That was my last fat joke. Okay? Diaz, check and see if there's any more meds in the bathroom. Boyle, see what you can find in the bedroom. I'll take the kitchen.  Yep, that's exactly what I was gonna say. It's... it's so weird. He's so good at knowing what I'm gonna tell him to do, he just does it. It's weird.  Hey, sergeant. You know how you're really good at doodling?
498	0	 You just kick her out.  She's on the lease!...George you have got to find an  Yeah, well...a little ruff finding something good in
107	1	Sure. I went through the exact same thing with Alicia Mae Emory... The waiting, the wandering... Then one day... I get that call from Toys "R" Us... She was in stock! That is the exact same thing. Hey!
767	0	Chandler!! Dont worry honey, well make yours funnier. Okay, what do you guys think?
839	0	That's enough. Thank you, Gina. I think you would get a real kick out of my jams. You cannot dance in my office.
931	0	Hey, hey, hey Oh my God. What are you doing?
300	1	 Look, you're a nice guy, it's just that - we don't have anything in common.  (starting to cry) Wait. Wat did I do? Tell me.. I want to know.  You didn't do anything. It's not you, it's me. It's.. this is very difficult.
386	0	Howard Cline? Ehh, that's not who I'm talking about.  Oh... Deshaun Williams.
490	0	Not only is Erin really sweet and cute... she smell's like my mom.  Hey, my aunt told me something neat. Yeah?
918	0	 Ya know, very casually, so that he was gonna take me  So what did he say?  "What stuff?".
49	1	 Well, I like the old sheriff. I mean, McGintley wouldn't care about a messy desk or all these stupid rules.  Tase, tase, tase, tase, tase...  Hey! What the hell's going on here?
216	1	 Hey, sergeant. You know how you're really good at doodling?  I know you think you're complimenting me, but calling them doodles is an insult. You a big fan of Picasso's doodles?  Sorry. Can you please draw a perp for me? The sketch artist is out sick and the Captain wants this done right away. He's in a bad mood.
887	0	What the hell are you doing? You scared the crap outta me. Was that the cake? Yeah, yeah. I got a lemon schmush.
73	1	 Okay. No hard feelings. But I hate you. Not joking. Bye.  Ah, Mr. and Mrs. Terrino. I'm glad you're here. May I present to you... [imitates trumpet fanfare while showing the family the old lady]  Oh, my darlings. Thank god I found you. Oh, look at those beautiful cheeks.
125	1	I love babies, with their little baby shoes, and their little baby toes, and their little baby hands...  Ok, you're going to have to stop that, forever! Need a new table.
565	0	Yes, they do! I'm wearing one right now! Show respect for the job. Pride. Confidence? Happiness. Are we just naming positive things? Rainbows. Kittens. Thanksgiving dinner!
262	1	Yeah, seems cool, I agree. Looks like the perp stole: a computer, a watch, and a jamon iberico ham, valued at... what?! Six thousand bucks? A ham for $6000? Is it from a talking pig? Is it made out of "Babe
717	0	 The party planning committee, minus Angela, has decided that we're all going to do Dwight's Christmas. Yes! Yeah!  Yeah! Okay! Yes! It's a Christmas Miracle!  Yeah! Whoo-Hoo! Dwight, there is one rule that you need to take very seriously.
596	1	Joey proposed to you? I can come back. Hey, wait! Wait-wait-wait! Joey, did you propose to her?
669	0	All right. Let's get started. Quiet, please. Come on, guys, I don't want to have to raise my voice. Rosa? Shut up! Everyone shuts up.
309	0	Heavens. I need a clip and a buff. There he is – the toast of Seattle. I suppose you knew you'd made the sports section of the paper this morning? Yes, I'd heard. I must admit I find this all a bit mystifying. Do people really care this much about a basketball game?
803	0	 Pardon?  I dropped a grape in the kitchen and it disappeared. I couldn't find it. I was... I was literally on my knees for ten minutes looking for this stupid grape. I  Were you crying? I mean, it's just a grape. You'll find it.
877	0	(excited) Thanks dude!!!This is GREAT!! (leaves Rachel very touched on the couch and goes into his room) I got you something from Vermont! (Sits down at the table) (without looking up from what she's doing) Besides tampons and salt? (Then looks) Ooh! My God! Maple candy! That's so sweet of you. (Opens the box) That's weird...it's empty!
848	0	 Yeah, I'll have the egg salad on whole wheat.  Let me ask you a question. This, uh, this turkey sandwich here, is that real turkey, or is it a turkey roll? I don't want that processed turkey. I hate it.  I think it's real turkey.
580	0	But, you got up! But, I never left the room! But, you left the chair area.
864	0	Oh! You know my friend Abby who shaves her head? She said that if you want to break the bad boyfriend cycle, you can do like a cleansing ritual. Pheebes, this woman is voluntarily bald. Yeah. So, we can do it tomorrow night, you guys. It's Valentine's Day. It's perfect.
447	0	Early this morning, someone decided to shoot and kill luxury food importer Harry Morgenthau. Body was discovered by his cleaning lady. During her interview, using expert detective work, I deduced that she had something super gross on her chin. I took a picture of it, as evidence. I think it was flan. Charles thinks it was flan. I think it was butterscotch pudding.
484	0	I'm so sorry. Are you seeing anyone right now? She has a boyfriend. He's out of town.
418	1	(answering the intercom) Be right there. (To Robbie and Rachel) Be back in a sec.  I dumped him.  Okay.
147	0	What? We've been stood up. (sniffles) And we want our free crab cakes. Guys, give it a rest. Nobody's betting on you tonight. Although we    do have a pool going to see how long it takes that guy to cry.
556	0	I don't like that story babe. Come on, it's a cute story, Michael ran through the sliding glass doors because he thought he heard the ice cream truck! Stop, stop it! I mean, I like ice cream. Okay? Sue me. Oh, no, don't. I shouldn't say that jokingly because she will sue me. She loves to sue, loves lawsuits. You know honey, that door was extremely clean and it looked invisible.
323	0	Ah-ha, youre not the boss of me. (She kisses him) Yeah, you are! (She handcuffs him to the chair) Ooh, saucy. (kisses him) Ill be back in ten minutes. (Starts to leave) You are, youre gonna leave me like this?
37	0	 Come on, let's go do something. I don't want to just sit around here.  Okay.  Want to go get something to eat?
586	0	Hey hey hey! It's Fat Halpert. What?  Fat Halpert.  Jim Halpert.
438	0	Hey, Rach! Hey. Hey.
409	1	 They deliver wood?  Yeah.  Whatta ya tip a "wood guy"?
52	0	(on phone) Yeah, is Sidney there? (Listens) Oh, this is? (To the gang) Sidney's a woman. So she's a woman! So what? Yeah. Yeah, so what? (On phone) Look, I live across the street, (walking to the window) and I know all about you and your little telescope, and I don't appreciate it, okay? (Listens) Yeah, I can see you right now! (Listens) Hello! (Listens) If I wanna walk around my apartment in my underwear, I shouldn't have to feel like(Listens)Thank you, but... that's not really the point... (Listens) The point is that... (Listens) Mostly free weights, but occasionally..
599	0	 A couple a hours ago, the police are coming right  Stolen?  [Kramer enters the apartment] Someone left the door
687	0	 Yes, sir, I will make better mouth.  Hey, Sarge, I need someone to fill out a lineup. Will you be Scary Terry?  Oh, I love being Scary Terry. He says what regular Terry's thinking.
879	1	Frasier? ...I’m afraid I am, yes. So... I’m so glad I ran into you. Um, cappuccino to go, please.
716	0	Oh, I'm sorry. Didn't you cheat on Andy? Yes. And he didn't like it. Does Mr. X know that Erin has a boyfriend, or did Erin keep that from Mr. X?
243	0	Well, I must say, I was actually looking forward to getting a shot at Donny in court, but for your sake, I'm glad things ended this way. Yes, well, you know, there's no reason this has to be goodbye. I think a celebratory dinner is in order. Well, great. Give me a call and we'll see when all of us can get together.
131	0	 That thing where we try to get a bunch of loser kids to become student snitches?  No, the thing where we try to get at-risk kids--  Losers.
562	0	Yeah. Im not vanilla! Ive done lots of crazy things! I mean I got-I got drunk and married in Vegas! To Ross.
219	0	 Uh, no, yeah, go right ahead. [she turns down the lamp]  Uh, Jerry, uh, I was wandering: would it be possible, and if it's not, fine, for me to stay here tomorrow night too?  Uh, yeah, yeah, sure, why don't you stay? Yeah, uhm...What is your, what is your schedule for tomorrow? Are you, are you doin' anything?
95	1	You did well today, Peralta. But you're going to need a little more humility if you're going to make captain one day. Him?! If anyone's going to make captain in this bar, it's me. And you, Captain, because you are a captain. Yeah, I don't want your job. That's the last thing I want.
808	0	Chandler, your being here is the best Christmas present I could have ever imagined. (flattered) Ahh... Now give me my real gift.
82	0	I have a new place. Well, it must have just opened up. It-- yep, recently.
696	0	 Oh, so you want to move our relationship into Phase Two..?  Exactly. I love Phase Two. Extra toothbrushes, increased call frequency, walking around naked.. You know, the presents get a lot better in Phase Two.  (Starting to like the idea) Really? Could we go fishing up there?
306	0	You all right?  What's up?  How's the Patterson case looking?
956	0	Boy.. I don't know.  I'd do it but I don't have any money.  What kind of company is it?
144	1	Unbelievable! I mean you really kept Joey's underwear?! Why? Why would you do that?! I'm Monica. I'm disgusting. I stalk guys and keep their underpants. Well, I think we've all learned something about who's disgusting and who's not. Eh? All right, now, I'm going to get back to my bucket. I'm only eating the skin, so the chicken's up for grabs. (Offers it to everyone.)
999	0	Hi... Oh, flip you for the sports page Oh, I don't have a quarter. I'll just get my pants. Oh, thanks, buddy
415	0	Look, I know how crazy I've been acting lately. Here last night, and today at the radio station. I mean, I don't even understand it myself. But then I took a long walk and I think I've figured it out. I just feel so stupid. No, Roz. Not stupid, human. And all too vulnerable. You've realized that you're in love with me. No, that's not it.
548	1	 No, he doesn't. We have a good relationship. We're on the same page.  Something to share with the rest of us, Santiago?  No, sir, I wasn't... Peralta was the one that was talking. God, you must have been the worst fourth grader ever.
4	0	Hi, did you order some bananas? Gimme back my monkey. Then what's with all the bananas?
704	0	I was trying to make him look serious. I still can't read him.  No one can.  I can. He likes it.
707	1	 Oh, nothing happened, but it was...  Yeah.  This is great!
143	0	 What are you accusing us of?  Probably insurance fraud. Definitely filing a false report and obstruction of justice. Now, you were wondering why we did this in the bathroom. It's because you're full of crap.  Blammo! Jake Hammer strikes again.
269	0	Sweet's not good. Grow a pair. Gotta give it up, Santiago took him down hard. Well done. (off her smile) It was sexy. I was very into it. Ugh, just when you're being sincere, you ruin everything.
926	0	You won't believe what just happened to me I was the victim of a radio prank. Oh, how terrible Yes, it's a sad day when getting a man to describe his own behind passes as humor.
479	0	 So, where are you going, Peralta?  I am on my way to ending the slump. I got a dunker, Captain. Nothin' but net.  Hey, slump, you're about to get nailed by the Jake Hammer.
284	1	Almost as bad as losing out to a perfume.  I told you those trips were relationship killers. Too bad you can't get your buddy Superman to fly around the Earth at super speed and reverse time.  Superman can go back in time?
889	0	 Well, for me it's a step up. It's like moving from  Jerry, what do ya...you wanna...you wanna see the  I can't think about it now. Come on, I'm going to
951	1	 I can't believe I lost the deposit on that u-hall. [I  If only the coin hadn't hit the table.  The table is interference, you know it!
294	1	 Yeah.  ...How's the real estate-business? ...[surprised he asked] It's uh, not bad, it's comin' along...Why? Did you need something.
950	1	A shrink? Oh, geez Louise. I don't think I'd be comfortable talking to a psychiatrist. Well, I'm a psychiatrist. You're comfortable talking to me, aren't you? Are you offering to be my shrink?
13	0	Her kid needs shoes, Jim! What the hell?!  Wow! I'm just gonna rewind and back off a bit, so...
705	0	It was a tough year. I had to fire somebody this year. This party has to really rock. Check it out. Christmas bonus. 3,000 G's. I got this for helping save the company money. So I guess some good came out of firing Devon after all. Maybe I should call him and tell him that. I want people to cut loose. I want people making out in closets. I want people hanging from the ceilings, lamp shades on the heads. I want it to be a Playboy Mansion party. And also, I want you to spread the word that I will have my digital camera. And I'll be taking pictures all along the way. And the best and craziest thing that happens will be on the cover of the newsletter. Incentive. You do realize that we can't serve liquor at the party.
515	1	 How could she not tell me where she was staying? [George stands by the dryer again and secretly opens it: the dryer stops working and George closes the lid]  [points to the dryer] Look at that: they're done! It's a miracle! [Jerry looks surprised]  "Laundry-day" is the only exciting day in the live of clothes. It is...no, think about it: the washing machine is the nightclub of clothes. Ya know, it's dark, there's bubbles happening, they're all kind a dancing around in there...shirt grabs the underwear: "C'mon babe, let's gather". You come by, you open up the lid and they'll: [shows how clothes are acting when you open the lid]...Socks are the most amazing article of clothing. They hate their lives, they're in the shoes with stinky feet, the boring drawers...the dryer is their only chance to escape and they all know it. They knew a escape from the dryer. They plan it in the hamper, the night before: [sock's voice] "Tomorrow, the dryer, I'm goin'...you wait here!" The dryer-door swings open and the sock is waiting up against the side wall. They hope you don't see him and then he goes down the road [shows how the sock is going down the road]. They got buttons sowed on their faces: join the puppet show...So they're showing me on television the detergent for getting out blood-stains...Is this a violent image to anybody? Blood-stains? I mean, I, come on, you got a T-shirt with blood-stains all over it, maybe laundry isn't your biggest problem right now...Maybe you oughtta get the harpoon out your chest first.
751	0	 Babysitting. A-ha!  Oh, look at this. The drug dealer got a B.A. in art history from Brooklyn college. Interesting, huh?  How's that interesting?
356	0	Hey! Hey! Hey!
121	1	 So you were just borrowing those cars?  Ask about his bank account. Ask about his bank account! Ask him about his bank...  You can't give up control, you're terrible at taking your primary's orders, you just do whatever you want. I could go on and on and on.
621	0	Oh hell, she was gorgeous. One more drink, and I'd have gone home with her. My point is that women need to see the men they make love to as exciting, romantic figures. So I say, if you want to keep this woman interested, try creating a fantasy for an evening. Personally, I think you'd make a very sexy gladiator. Roz, this is not for me, it's for my brother Niles. Oh Well in that case, make it a gladiola.
909	1	 Oh, thank you.  [privately to George] Now that was an interesting greeting, did you notice that, George?  Yes, the "surprise-blindfold-greeting". That wasn't in the manual, I don't know.
895	0	 Coming to the airport with us?  No, I'm staying here for the weekend. I'm getting a  Oh, the actress-waitress.
983	0	You wouldn't be the only one Alright, that's it. I've had enough of you two jack-asses. I've spent the whole night listening to you making cracks about the food and the help. Well, I got news for Dad, wait
472	0	Okay, I'm ready Oh, I just saw another one Oh, it's breathtaking It just streaked from one end of the sky to the other Oh Niles, I wish you could see this. Oh, so do I, my love. What did you just call me?
477	1	 Forget it.  No, what? 'That's probably why..'  That's probably why we're staying here, because you lost money on the stock.
863	1	Ooh, Trent, tough blow Yes, it seems that youthful relationships are fraught with emotional hazards. Especially in the case of a – a young woman who finds her first love at Math Camp. What happened at Math Camp? I don't want to talk about it
955	1	 That's why, ya know, a shake is bad.  Shake is bad, but what if it's the "two-hander"? The hand on the bottom, the hand on the top, the warm look in the eyes?  Hand-sandwich.
295	0	 I...am not taking it. [drops the lease demonstratively]  Well, one of you better damn well take it!  Well, whatta you wanna do here?
729	0	 Look, it's not what it seems like. Yes, it is. Yes, it is. Here's what happened. I came down here to get the autopsy report and in conclusion, here we are. Now if you'll excuse me...  Cut the crap, Peralta. Look, I'm sorry I slowed down the autopsy results, but everyone knows it's natural causes.  Not anymore. We think it could be a murder.
378	0	True. Plus I can talk to her about the origins of my last name. It's all gold. Guys are usually my best customers, they buy the high end stuff like the beads and the sequins and stuff. For gifts, you know? They don't know what they are looking at. So I make suggestions.
641	0	Probably wouldn't hurt to get a trim No Do you think he was covering? Of course he was covering, you know dad Tough as nails on the outside, but on the inside one giant... spike.
753	0	But the pants stay on Ms. Janvier, I realize that I've been a little pushy... Oh, not pushy, just assertive. I like that.
58	1	What? No, no. Excuse me! Lady! Get anyone from the COO's office on the phone this instant! This must be very frustrating. I can see you in the jungle now.
798	1	Excuse me. It's a client. Startin' the meter, huh? I've already filed that motion, it's up to them, now. ... No, no, no. I don't think that they would try that. But if you like, I can call them, or better yet, I can send them a letter just so we're on the record. OK, bye now.
371	0	Garnish it with a few rose petals and that's just how Duke used to serve it. Make yourself comfortable. Poor Niles. You know, Dad, maybe I should—
271	1	 Why would I ever eat off his shirt?  Look, sir, I don't know what's going on, but I think I'm cursed.  Cursed, huh?
974	0	 No! My ticket?! You gave my ticket to Horneck?  (talking about the line) C'mon, c'mon, go ahead, move up.  Why did you give him my ticket for?
169	1	Uh. (pause) Did you call your parents? Oh, yeah. Emma's doing great. Oh good.
239	1	 Yeah.  So, ya know, she calls and says she wants to go out with you tomorrow night? God bless! Devil you!  Yeah, well...not exactly. I mean, she said, you know, she called this morning and said she had to come in for a seminar and maybe we'll get together.
207	1	 [laughs] Okay, man. It was nice working with you.  I'm not scared of him, okay? I'm not scared of anyone. Oh, also, The Tagger drew a penis on your minivan. I'm sorry. Please don't chase after me.  What? There's a penis on my minivan?
358	1	Clark! Hey! Hey, look who's back, Dwight Junior.
874	0	I'd call that excessive. Whoa!  What?
600	1	You don't need to- I have a delicious secret. Good, good. This carpet's overdue for a good mopping.
509	0	Are you sure you once knew how to do this? I did, yes! I had those extra wheels on the back...that support you.  Mi-chael! Mi-chael!  Mi-chael! Mi-chael! Mi-chael! Mi-chael!
434	1	She star 69'd us. Don't answer it Have you all gone deaf? Isn't someone going to answer that? You're up.
585	0	Captain specifically asked me to run it this year. I signed you up to do it with me. Here's the info. [handing packet to Rosa]  Now I gotta read something?  Greetings. Fine. I guess I can help you with those at-risk kids.
34	1	Oh! (with a frozen smile on his face, realizing something's wrong with Jarvis) Ok... now... now we're just holding hands! (pulls his hand away) All right! Well, uh... (to Monica) we're gonna hit the beach?
634	0	Cause it's next to they baby section, okay? All right, that makes more sense. You should have said that at the beginning when you said, "I read a book about anthropology." I don't really know why you're screaming at me right now.
433	0	Hear, hear. A wonderful co-worker, and a good friend. Of course, I too noticed Roz's sex appeal immediately. She had the same effect on all of us stallions in the KACL corral. She made us want to paw the ground and rise up on our powerful haunches , fetlocks glistening. Smokey, Misty, Storm Away
311	0	Well, I'm certainly glad that you did it with me. Nice meeting you, Miles. Okay.
701	0	It took two people to break up this relationship!! Yeah! You and that girl from that copy place, which yesterday you took full responsibility for!! I didnt know what I was taking full responsibility for! Okay?! I didnt finish the whole letter!
475	1	 Yes, it was purple, I liked it, I don't actually recall considering the buttons.  Oh, you don't recall?  [pretends he's talking into a microphone] Uh, no, not at this time.
331	1	You have no idea how high I can fly. I had no idea when I got in that car and headed to New York I was going to quit. I got on that ramp and I thought two hours, two hours to go. Feeling good. Listen to some tunes. Should've peed before I left. Michael get to the good part.
473	0	Radio station’s looking for an intern... you say? I was hoping you could hook me up. Just think, Roz, with me working here, we'll be together like, 24/7 five days a week. I was hoping you could go over my resumé.
615	0	My name Brjkolj. B-R-J-K-O-L-J. So, just like it sounds. Have you ever seen this man before? He was shot last night.
7	0	 I know, Kylie says you're always stuck at the precinct.  Yeah. Speaking of, this is work. Sorry. What's up, Peralta?  Captain called. He needs everybody back. There's a lead on the nightingale strangler.
421	0	Well, I'm not actually making a formal complaint. I just really think we should talk about it. Okay, question.  When a name is withdrawn, does that also apply to the permanent misbehavior file in New York? Sure.
266	1	Good night. Good luck. Great. It was really fun.
56	1	Black people can sell drugs!  [muffled grunting] Don't make me hit you again.  Um...I'm building this dollhouse for my girls. It's their birthday tomorrow. I told my wife I'd get it done.
384	1	 Right, I don't know...  Bup-bup-bup-bup... Bup-bup-bup. Just go.  Yep, I am going to regret teaching him that one.
183	1	All right!! (they lift it into place, however there is one small problem, the unit is so long that it blocks some of both of their bedroom doors.) Oh, good job Joe. Wow, its big!
391	1	I'm all better now. (grins and walks to the kitchen and says to Chandler and Joey.) I helped! Okay, look, this is probably for the best, y'know? Independence. Taking control of your life. The whole, 'hat' thing.
871	0	Oh, I missed you so much! (she kisses Mike) Oh, crap! Who is this?
200	1	You know what? That's not gonna happen. That's an exaggeration.
100	1	 What?  Forget it.  No, what? 'That's probably why..'
59	0	 Kinda, yeah. I called six precincts about this kid. He's been brought in a dozen times. Theft, vandalism, drunken disorderly, but he's never been processed. His daddy comes in and bails him out every time. He's a lucky little jerk.  No, I wouldn't say he was lucky. I feel bad for this kid. I mean, what kind of father cares so little for his son that he lets him get away with everything? Well, he's someone else's problem now. Like you said, it's out of your hands.  Alright, I see what you're trying to do, but it's not gonna work. I'm not going to arrest him. I'm going to arrest him!
494	1	Well, judging by the canary feathers protruding from your mouth, I'd say you. What article did you win for? A gripping case history of a narcissistic opera singer. I called it 'Me Me Me Me Me.' Very clever, I like that.
894	0	 You're engaged? [still can't believe it]  Ya know, I can't believe it myself sometimes. You have to start thinking in terms of "we", uh, it's a very stressful situation.  You're engaged! [like he's answering his own question]
146	1	Yeah, I know. Oh, good thing its one of those 801 numbers. Right? Phoebe, 800 is toll free, 801 is-is Utah. No, no, no, oh no-no-no, its has to be 800. (picks up the instruction manual to check the phone number) Cause all those big companies have 800 numbers, every one. (Finds the number) Yeah, every big Utah-based company has one.
685	0	No, Lilith, it's not you. It's a woman named Lana. Well, it seems like a textbook simple dream. Why are you calling me? Well, because you know me better than anybody else, and you're a terrific psychiatrist.
396	1	 Most men like working on things, tools, objects, fixing things. This is what men enjoy doing. Have you ever noticed a guy's out in his driveway working on  I had to say something. I had to say something. Everything was going so well; I had to say something.  I don't think you did anything wrong.
893	0	Oh, Liam. (Ross laughs and takes her back.) Oh, Liam. So uh, what, were you guys playing soccer or somethingor should I call it (In an English accent) football? We were playing rugby.
316	1	I had a confidential informant on the inside. He spent years right here, in this sale bin, watching, learning, waiting. His code name is... (holds up teddy bear) Fuzzy Cuddle Bear! And he's a nanny cam. Ugh. You got lucky. You know what they say: Luck is 95% talent, 5% being awesome.
176	0	Give me the dice. Come on, Dwight. Let's go.
180	1	Hey Strangers. So stoked for the Sabre store opening. Hey, my name's Tabitha. I'm camped out in front of the Sabre store so I can be first in line for the new Pyramid. Psst. It's me Erin. Dwight had me pretend to be a hipster to create hype, and it's working. There's already people camped out behind me. Test launch day, people. Now, I would like to fill you in on a little secret about me to inspire you today. Now, I know you probably all think I'm this patrician goddess. But here's the truth. I was born in the little working class town of Basildon, and until the age of 32,  I talked like this, which was bloody horrendous, innit? I came from dirt, no lower than ... what's lower than dirt?
834	0	Good luck, Dwight. Yeah! Yeah!  Dwight, let's keep it going. Let's keep it going. Let's go.
766	0	Okay. Look, I dont know why the kids need a youth center anyway! Yknow? They should just watch TV after school like I did and I turned out fine! Not great.
19	1	 [upset] Ooohhhh, what are you doing? Kramer, it's a tape! [actually I can't understand the name; maybe "Kramer" wasn't named "Kramer" in the pilot!] I taped the game, it's one o'clock in the morning! I avoided human contact all night to watch this.  Hey, I'm sorry, I...ya know, I, I thought you knew...[takes two loaves of bread out of his pockets] You got any meat?  [a little irritated] Meat? I don't, I don't know, go...hunt! [Kramer walks to the refrigerator and sticks his head in] Well what, what happened in the game anyway?
806	0	Okay, well, I'll just stick with my mojito. And you know those annoying geese at the park? Well, he's helping eradicate them as well. I mean, I think they've really become a pest. Annoying.
68	1	All right, give it here. You just push 'O,' and you'll get an operator. Little trick I learned. Another menu, hmm. Sometimes it's a star. All right, maybe '1' will get me back to a main menu. Ah. Here you go. Got me to the right department? No, but if I remember my high school Spanish correctly, you just qualified for a small-business loan.
795	0	My goodness What's goin' on? I thought you were out for the evening. For God's sake...
453	1	 [looks around] Oh, well, come on...this is an  I didn't know there was a fireplace. A fireplace, this  How do you get all that wood in here?
231	1	 Oh, hey, Captain. Hi, so I was able to procure that $50 after all, and my offer still stands. Let me do whatever I want, and the $40... That's how much I actually have... is yours. No? Fair enough. I only had 30 anyways. Well, I guess in order to get you to stop micromanaging me, I'm gonna have to get back to the most important piece of police work there is  And I'm anxious to restore my status as a lone wolf. [Howls]  Anything else, Detective?
616	1	That's it? This is crap!   You've reached Gabe Lewis, I'm currently indisposed. Leave me a message. Ciao.  Gabe, it's Dwight again. Highest priority, triple-urgent. Call me. Immediately. That means ASAP.
53	1	Oh, were having a big party tomorrow night. Later! (Starts for the door.) Whoa! Hey-hey, you planning on inviting us? Nooo, later. (Walks out the door.)
246	0	I want evens.  Good.  You got odds.
913	1	 [to Laura] I can't believe you're here.  Oh, thank you.  [privately to George] Now that was an interesting greeting, did you notice that, George?
709	0	Yeah, giving all your stuff away? You’re not going anywhere, are you...? Well, I didn’t want to say anything until after dinner so as not to bring down the party, but... I see you’re all ahead of me. Uh... listen, a couple of weeks ago I got some unexpected news.
814	0	Mom, yknow what? I-I cant deal with this right now. Im sorry Gimmie! (Takes the ring and puts it in his coat pocket as Rachel enters the hallway.) Hi!
23	1	Oh, just admiring the sunset. I think it looks best over here, but Niles thinks it looks best over there. Oh, really? Oh, Niles, have you changed your mind about my new statue? Yesterday you said it was sterile and unmoving.
336	1	Youre next!! Okay. I didnt know he was here. (Runs over to Rachel.) Let me just see if I got this straight. I tell you to stay away from my daughter or Ill have you fired. What you heard was, "Take my daughter, come up to my country house, and ruin my weekend with Rachel!"
570	0	 If you're having second thoughts, if you didn't want  You could take it? You want it?  No, I don't want it. I want it, if you don't want it.
811	0	Oh, after vous.  Thank vous.  What? Oh!  I didn't forget my keys, I just didn't want to make out with you in front of the cameras. Do you think they can hear us?
481	0	Okay. (to Phoebe and Chandler) Did ah, you guys mean you plus one? All right, Ill see you tonight. Okay.
113	0	 Where do you want to go?  I don't care, I'm not hungry.  We could go to one of those cappuccino places. They let you just sit there.
168	1	Yes. Well. Thank you all for coming. Including -- oh! -- Craig, our crime scene photographer.  Great. So. After being unfairly tossed into the records room for no reason, I got so bored I started reading some old cases. A novel idea.
762	0	That he wouldnt pay for my lawyer! Then he told me to come here and learn about the value of money from the one daughter hes actually proud off. Oh! Did you hear that?! My dads proud of me! My dads proud of me. Rach? (Points to Jill.)
362	1	Do you wanna get to Rachel in time? Yes, but I don't wanna die in your cab! You should have thought of that before you got in!
697	0	Actually, we just got here. We had a bit of a delay when Sherlock here led us to the wrong apartment. Oh, so we're a minute late. I noticed you didn't complain when the old lady gave us peanut butter cups. Evening, all Oh, what lovely costumes Daphne, you look particularly beautiful.
730	0	Senator, were always gay, or did your wife turn you gay? Question for the Senator's beard.  I'll say it again for mis amigos latinos. Yo soy homosexual.
543	0	What's wrong with PBS? Ugh, what's right with them? Why dont you like PBS, Pheebs?
25	1	Hmm, that logic's air-tight, but unfortunately it wasn't conceived here. Burning man, port-o-potty. Oh, yuck! TMI! How was it? I don't want to know. Tell me later. Let's go! Let's go! Hospital! Okay, okay, we're not going to the hospital. We are waiting until midnight.
289	1	You literally just said it was broken. (singing) I THINK THIS ROBB-RY WAS A SMASH AND GRAB I REALLY BELIEVE IT WAS A SMASH AND GRAB, OH!!! Really, Cher? I think it was an inside job. Prove me wrong. A challenge? Is this a challenge? I love challenges! The door and the register were both forced, and they tripped a motion sensor -- i.e., not an inside job.
197	1	 So you do want it.  No I, I want it if you don't want it!  You just said, you wanted it!
11	1	A gun show? What’s next, square dancing? Maybe. This country was built by gun-totin’ square dancers. So, I really appreciate you bringing me in for this interview. I’ve been listening to your station for a while, and I’ve prepared a little presentation that I think will show you what I can bring to the KPXY family.
988	0	(on tape) Oh I wanted to. (on tape) So wewe both wanted to. (on tape) Interesting.
628	0	 I don't know how you put up with this.  Yeah, tell'm George.  [to Elaine] You would still wanna move in here?
233	1	All right, let's see. Gil's average listener is a woman, mid-30's, well-educated, hmmm... What about my average listener. Who is she? Well, actually, uh, she's an older gentleman... who likes to keep the radio on for company. Ouch.
734	0	 (Into phone) George, what's going on?!  Sell it, just say I'm selling!  (Into phone) Well, where is the guy?! Nothing? Almost half my money's gone.. Well, call me right back. (Hangs up) Nobody can reach Wilkinson. He
655	1	 Yeah, but...  "Had to come in" and "maybe we'll get together"? "Had to" and "Maybe"?  Yeah!
242	1	Can I show you a few samples? Oh, we're not interested. We're not interested at all. There are a few ways to get promoted. One is to wait for an opening and apply for it. That's the main way. But this could work.
276	1	 Uh-huh.  All right, if she puts the bags down before she greets you, that's a good sign.  Right.
77	1	 Ooh, how long have you been dead, body?  Four days.  Gross. Bloating. Odors.
916	0	Don't worry, Matt, she'll be here. We won't even have time to put her through make-up. A natural beauty like Roz? Oh, please, darling, pinch her cheeks, stand back and watch her glow.
698	0	 Yeah, one sec.  [closes the door] Hey, Elaine  Hi.
444	0	Well, that may be so, Niles, but still and all you did go down and do it. Not many people could have done that. I know I always told you boys that sports aren't important... but they are And what you did tonight out there makes me really proud. Thanks.
594	0	Ah. True love and all that. Well, good luck, Ferguson. Thank you, sir. Now, if you'll excuse me, I've had rather a difficult evening. Think I'll just go take a sad soak in the tub.
67	0	 Do you think I need a haircut?  Are you ready?  Yeah, I'll have the egg salad on whole wheat.
89	0	All right, good stuff. I'm so psyched you guys are into it because I thought- I was like, "this sounds really stupid." You just made a good idea, a great idea.
393	1	 Trevor, what'd you do this time?  Nothing.  There you have it. He said he did nothing.
154	0	Thanks for your help. (Starts to leave.) (chasing after him) Oh, wait! Sorry, Mr. Paul? Mr. Paul? Just call me Paul.
673	0	Dr. Frasier Crane, ladies and gentlemen. Anymore impressions, Frasier? You know what, maybe I should just get back to my... Now, don't be shy Who wants to hear Frasier do more impressions?
417	0	Then you’ll fit right in. Special Guest Star PATRICK STEWART as Alistair Guest Starring EDWARD HIBBERT as Gil Chesterton CAROLINE LAGERFELT as Glinka Co-Starring DAVID MULLER as Barry DONALD SAGE MACKAY as Eduardo AMITA BALLA as Waitress DAVID JAHN as Bar Patron ADRIAN R’MANTE as Servant MICHAEL SEAN McGUINESS as Clive Guest Caller BENJAMIN BRATT as Kevin This episode capsule is copyright 2003 by Michael Lee. This episode summary remains property of Frasier, Copyright of Paramount Productions and NBC. Printed without permission. Oh, now look at that couch. Now this is something you might want to consider for your new office. Although, I'm not sure how well that, what is that, sort of linen, is going to wear. Oh, you know what I'm going to wear at the opera fund raiser on Friday night? Or is it Saturday? I'll check my book. A lovely linen shirt with my new Zegnia suit.
299	0	Oh, dear. Would you take that off him? He just looks so pathetic. Oh, come here you poor little fella.
726	0	All right. You stop me when I reach the diseased area.  In fairness, Darryl did tell me that joke, so... Oh! Darryl's funny.
199	0	No, I mean Helen. She was tall. She was five feet seven. Yet the bullet entered on a downward trajectory. Dad, please try to participate. Ooh, look They're starting the wave Ooh, it's coming this way, it's coming this way That was fun, wasn't it? Oh, look, there's a peanut guy Peanuts
510	0	To the left? Listen, I- To the right?
39	1	Oh, (Imitating Ross) "you do, do you"?  You know, there's nothing wrong with speaking correctly.  "Indeed there isn't"... I should really get back to work.
206	1	Good, do you see what I'm saying? Crystal clear. So is this for a movie that you're writing? No.
530	0	Well, y'know we dont call it that, but yeah! (starts laughing) Wow! Thats wild! No, I had no idea. All righty. Ill be back in-in a little bit. Unless you wanna come with me?
943	0	Oh hi, Maddy Oh, hello We were just leaving for the ballet. Madeline, come in.
446	1	 Look, sir, I don't know what's going on, but I think I'm cursed.  Cursed, huh?  The freakiest things have been happening to me. I mean, I can't solve a case to save my life. Birds are unloading on me left and right. And, two seconds ago...
482	1	Are you suggesting we collaborate? Well, if you think I might be helpful. What a great idea, you can write it together.
525	1	 I took the dog for a walk. When I came back, he was dead. I'm just in shock. We were going on a cruise together next week. He had pre-purchased the unlimited soda package.  I'm sure the soft drink industry mourns his passing.  Motion reactivated. Hey. Detective Jake Peralta.
768	0	I just had to make sure we were okay. I told you we were okay. Yeah, I know, and then you ran away.
635	0	(sees the chick) Ohhh, hey! All right, listen, I-I have that TV thing in like two hours, and I need your help, okay? What do you think? (takes out two suits) This blue suit, or this brown one? Well, the brown one brings out your eyes, but your butt looks great in the blue one. Really? (Joey gives him a Like I would know look)
267	1	 --Color. Okay. You know how, every year, the precinct does that junior police program seminar?  That thing where we try to get a bunch of loser kids to become student snitches?  No, the thing where we try to get at-risk kids--
370	1	 Wait, wait, wait. Slow down. Let's start with the eyes. Were they desperate? Lonely? Did they betray heartache?  They were brown.  Do you even want your purse back?
915	0	About twenty-five years ago. The NYPD was not ready for an openly gay detective. Then the old guard died, and suddenly, they couldn't wait to show off the fact that they had a high-ranking gay officer. I made captain, but they put me into a public affairs unit. I was a good soldier, helped recruitment... but all I ever wanted was a command. Now, I finally got one, and I'm not going to screw it up. I feel dumb. My God. I have to thank you, Captain, because at this moment, Peralta is feeling humility, for maybe the first time in his life. Aren't you, JP?
678	0	(He goes into a song and dance number)  Folks, has this ever happened to you. You go to the refrigerator to get a nice glass of milk, (Joey is in the background struggling to open a cartoon of milk) and these darn cartons are so flingin'-flangin' hard to open. Oh, you said it Mike. (Rips open the carton and spills milk on the counter) Aw! There's got to be a better way!
837	0	Toby, Katy. Hey, um did you go to uh, Bishop O'Hara? Yeah.
967	1	She's in her room, why? I have to talk to her about this groomsman situation, ok? I'm not gonna watch Chandler up there while I'm sitting in the seats like some chump! (he goes to Rachel's room, knocks the door and enters the room). (very fake gasp) Oh! My God! You're breathtaking!  What d'you want?
559	0	Yeah, fair enough. Bye Dan! Uh, bye Monica.
842	0	I didn't know you had another level. I know! Neither did I! Hey, great skirt! Birthday present?
568	0	There are? Yeah! Richard! R-R-Richard said he wants to marry you?! (Monica nods yes.) And-and Chandlers tellin ya how much he hates marriage?!
293	0	No! That takes all the fun out of it. It's Scully. He got you a scarf. It's blue and ugly. I'll make him return it. Charles Boyle: he's a grinder. Not the most brilliant detective, but he works harder than anyone else. He's not physically... gifted.
878	1	 Why would I swap cases with you? I got multiple calls that a guy in the Sackett Towers is dealing meth out of his apartment. It's a guaranteed arrest.  And therefore will have a ton of paperwork. Which I know you hate. I have a murder here with no leads and no evidence. It's unsolvable, and thus... shall have no paperwork.  You had me at "No paperwork."
109	0	Hey! So uh, was he excited about the tickets? No! He blew us off! What?!
148	0	Hey, come on, you came through, you did what you had to do. That is very dad. Oh, look, he's waking up! (Quietly) hey, fella! How you doing?
99	0	 I do palms, tarot, and I have a degree in numerology from the internet.  Ugh. Really, Gina? A psychic?  What? She's the real deal. E.G., last week, she predicted I would have a sensuous encounter with a guy named Mark. And I did.
381	0	I heard AM radio is dead. Yeah, it is. So, you're going to Vietnam? I'm thinking about it.
345	1	 I had to give him a tissue. In fact, let me call his machine now and I'll just make up some excuse why I can't go to the game either.  Wait a minute. Wait a minute. As long as you're going to lie to the guy, why don't you tell him that you lost both of the tickets, then we could go?  George, the man wept.
134	0	Yeah, with my mom. Yeah, not so much with my dad. Why not? I dont know. I guess theres just always been this distance  yknowI mean we both try to pretend its not there, but it is.
544	0	Hey! Hey, hubby! Yeah. Yeah, actually um, I wanted to talk to you about that whole annulment thing?
244	1	 So what? I'll start talking to him, you know, casual, and I'll work my way around to it.  What if he's in an iron lung or something? What are you gonna do? (knocking on glass) "How you feeling, Mr. Wilkinson? (makes hissing sound) By the  Maybe he's resting.
135	0	 Want to go get something to eat?  Where do you want to go?  I don't care, I'm not hungry.
590	0	What? Okay, I guess that would be, I guess that would be okay. Okay. Sounds good. Sounds good. Five o'clock sharp. I will give you and your purses a ride home.
158	0	...Sir? That's ours. We need that. And he kept it. Has anyone in the history of police work ever solved a crime by doing door duty? First of all, yes. Many, many times. Secondly, my dad met my mom doing door duty in Queens.
459	0	Hey, Frasier. Hey, Roz. Sorry to interrupt, I just wanted to make sure, am I still seeing you tonight? Yes, you are. But of course, I'll be seeing you as well. Bye, Frasier.
368	1	 No, I have no talents.  You start Monday.  Ugh. Constantly getting Holt's approval is the worst.
838	0	 Yeah, I mentioned Simons. Next thing I know - I'm in the parking lot. Perhaps they had some sort of a falling out. I'll tell you one thing.. I don't know  Well, that's it. Look, I'm going to Vermont. I don't want to think about this. I'm selling.  Didn't work, huh?
884	1	 No, you're dressed exactly like The Lady Killer.   Damn it! This is Jeffrey Dahmer's corduroys all over again.  All right, let's get started. Scully. Where are you on digitizing the old case files?
366	0	Tell us about this new captain. You worked with him before, right? Years ago. Captain Holt will be here soon. He'll want to introduce himself. Well, as soon as he's settled in, I have a presentation for him. (pulls out folder) Crime-stat analysis for the precinct, and some strategy proposals.
405	0	 You bet.  [Policeman leaves the apartment, while George enters]  The crook has the machine. The messages aren't for him.
946	0	I’m not sure that’s something you want to admit either. I got the spackle. Good, good, we’ll fill in the crack, then my faux finisher can match the stone. Fabrizio is on his way to re-upholster. Dad, how are you doing?
425	0	What are you playing with? Oh, it's my new beeper. What the hell does a paleontologist need a beeper for?
927	0	Stopped for a Chunky. Let it go, Ross. I got an extra one. You want this? (holds the candy in front of Ross' face)
911	0	This is fantastic What say we go celebrate with a nice dinner at an exclusive boite? Yes, but the question remains, what boite? Charise?
865	0	 So don't finish it.  (acidly) She's full. (George puts up his hands in an "excuse me" gesture.) So, Big daddy. I'm just curious. How much did you clear on your little trasaction  I don't like to discuss figures.
941	0	Trick or treat! Gotta go! (Opens the door to a boy in a cape.) Hi! Wow! There you go! (Hands him some candy.) Oh yeah, we were but umm, now weve got candy.
50	0	I'm getting car sick! Ugh, I'm gonna puke. I think I'm gonna throw up. All right, fine, just a second. Hold on. Hey, Schneider, real quick. What do you call a butt load of lawyers driving off a cliff?
343	1	 [Elaine enters the living-room] And where were you?  I was at Bloomingdale's...waiting for the shower to  Look, Jerry, I'm sorry, I'm uh, you have insurance,
186	1	 Think she did him? I bet there's something there. I was with them in the kitchen yesterday, and they were all too happy to be cleaning the freezer. If they get married before I do, I'm going to kill myself.
815	0	I'm going to tell him I saw exactly what happened Now me, I could eat a muffin a day, some days even two knowing they'd be free. So that'd be... ten a week, fifty-two weeks a year, for at least another... forty years, which works out to.... Twenty thousand muffins My life suddenly seems long, measured in muffins. Well, that's all the time we have for today. Good afternoon, Seattle, and good mental health. Roz, did you see Bulldog come in?
784	0	I confirmed with Raskin Design and they're expecting the both of you in an hour. Oh. Actually, it's just gonna be me. They said the both of you.
529	0	 Ugh.  All right. I'm gonna need you to go ahead and take your hand...  Yep, get it down there.
184	1	Well, I guess this is goodbye, Jim. Yep, by this time next week I'll be leading my first raft tour in Chile. Really?
642	1	 So you're suggesting police brutality?  Ha, ha, I guess so, yeah. Why?  Hey, Scully.
478	1	Hey. Hey! I thought you had already... left.
338	0	I'm sure the soft drink industry mourns his passing.  Motion reactivated. Hey. Detective Jake Peralta.  Dr. Rossi. I'm the new medical examiner. Don't let me get in your way. I'm sure you have a lot to do.
254	1	What musician? (playing guitar and singing) And there's a country called Argentinaaaa, it's a place I've never seeeeen. But I'm told for fifty pesos you can buy a human spleen. Humaaan spleeeeen. Ol! What are you doing here!
817	0	500 500 and one penny. 500 and one penny. One million dollar!
285	1	I didn't realize that everybody here dresses up every year. Me neither. It's Halloween. That is really, really good timing.
677	0	This is all right? You're off the air? Oh, yeah, it's fine. Fras, I gotta go. Your messages are on my desk and... whoa, who is this?
777	0	Alright. Jim, as a matter of fact, I have printed out ten ways to induce labor. And I'm thinking we just do the opposite of those things and we can slow down your labor. Erin, read the first one. Um, stimulate the nipples.
829	1	I happen to be a very good secondary.  So you were just borrowing those cars?  Ask about his bank account. Ask about his bank account! Ask him about his bank...
550	0	Well, then, it's settled. I'll just go tell the taxi I'm not going No, no, no. You're going. Just tell them to take you to the Four Seasons. I'll go ahead and call and book you a room. You've made me so happy, I think I'm going to cry
875	0	My brother, Ross. Hey. And Rachel. (Chandler clears his voice loudly) And thats Chandler.
824	0	She doesn't know I'm living with a straight woman. I don't want to get her hopes up. All right. Bye, buddy. Bye, bye, bye! Oh, my goodness.
982	0	Theyre just talking, and yknow what? Just because I think theyre soul mates doesnt mean anythings gonna happen. (returning) Phoebe, good work. Yeah?
179	1	What, is it because he's black? Nope, it's because it's genitalia. Perfectly normal genitalia Tuna. Now I'm going to show you another picture of perfectly normal genitalia.
749	1	 A couple of touch monkeys.  Oh, hi Elaine, hey. (to Jerry) Hey, you missed a great game tonight, buddy!  Game?
226	0	All right. What's your news, Amy? Oh! Um... Well... I'm getting married. What? Oh my God! To who?
928	0	Tell me about your detective squad. Scully, Hitchcock, and Daniels. They're pretty much worthless. But they make good coffee. Copy that.
0	0	Niles, he's only been here for eight hours. I don't care. I only signed on for this because Daphne came in the bargain and now she's leaving and Frasier, you have to help me, I'm desperate Niles, which wall should I hang my swordfish on?
633	1	 Yeah, OK. Oh, wait a second. Oh, I, I forgot to clean the bathroom.  So what? That's good.  Now, how could that be good?
357	0	Oh my God! You are giving this a lot of thought. Yeah, its hard okay, I only have two spots left. All right, so who do you got it narrowed down to?
257	0	 Alright, let's get this meeting started.  I'm not late. I'm here.Right on time.  You're out of uniform, Peralta.
223	1	 Are you bowing?  No. This is how I walk.  What do you need, Quasimodo? I gotta go meet with Boyle and Peralta.
493	1	Ok, there's a penny. What's that from? Penny for your thoughts. It was from the wishing well at the mall. You threw it in. I went back later, waded in and I found it.
537	0	Hey, what are you doing shopping at eight in the morning? Well, Ive been up since six. Thanks to somebodys dumb-ass rooster. You guys you really should get rid of those animals. They shouldnt be living in an apartment.
410	1	Yeah. (They go into the kitchen.) Umm, hes here to have sex with you. What?
695	0	You were let go. You know what? I love the beard. Keep it forever.  Hey.
69	1	Or what? You gonna shoot me? Ha ha ha! Ha ha ha! Ohh, I enjoy laughing at my mistakes, because I've learned so much from them. I'd like to be interviewed for the position. I'll interview you right now.
972	0	Ohh, so no sign of Emily huh? Not yet. So umm, what time are you supposed to leave?
906	1	This ice cream tastes like crap by the way. Yeah, well that's that lo-cal, non dairy, soy milk junk. We sort of, we save the real stuff for those really terminal cases. You know, when you start get screwed over all the time, you gotta switch to low-fat.
6	0	 I got scared there for a second. The Knicks without Ewing.  Listen, George, little problem with the game.  What about it?
660	0	I see what you did there. Nice. I'm lonely. Hang in there, buddy.
666	1	 It's missing, I have to do it in my head: decaf left, regular right, decaf left, regular right...it's very challenging work. [ironically]  Can you relax, it's a cup of coffee, Claire is a professional waitress.  Trust me George: no one has any interest in seeing you on caffeine. [she pours the coffee and walks away]
55	1	Guy's impossible to read. Don't even try.  Wow. This guy must have weighed 500 pounds. I think we have an idea what killed him. Spoiler alert  What do we got?
700	1	 Option two, I let him walk, and I spend the rest of my life with Holt as my babysitter. Honestly, when I think about spending the rest of my life with a babysitter, she's kind of a cute blond named Erica, and she always has pizza money and lets me stay up as late as I want.  How old are you in this scenario?  Anyway, the point is Holt cares more about whether I "do my job right" than whether I have a job at all. So I'm taking suggestions.
380	1	 Oh, yeah, sure. Keep your money.  Well, then I'm not going to the game either. Okay? I'll give him both tickets.  (pantomimes sticking an imaginary knife in his heart, and twists it) Oh geeeee.. Go, go!
350	1	Lilith it's me, Roz... Doyle. Oh yes, Frasier's fun-loving producer.....who's apparently having a bit too much fun loving. You know, I'd love to send one back at you, but I gotta pee
631	0	 I don't like to discuss figures.  How much?  I don't know, what? Eight thousand. It's a Hyundai. Get out of here.. I told you not to sell. Simons made money, Wilkinson cleaned up.
62	0	 Tuna?  Oh, the dolphin thing?  They're dying in the nets.
215	1	 You want me to roll six thousand of these?! What, should I quit my job?!  I do not like the bank. I've heard the expression "Laughing all the way to the bank." I have never seen anyone actually doing it. And those bank lines. I hate  ..Thirty-two, thirty-three-
534	0	Still haven't left the house yet, huh? I'll get ready to leave. Good. Please hurry.
182	0	 Seems to me, that button is in the worst possible spot. [talking about George's shirt] The second button literally makes or breaks the shirt, look at it: it's too high! It's in no-man's-land, you look like you live with your mother.  Are you through? [kind of irritated]  You do of course try on, when you buy?
487	1	 [looks shocked] How can you not have insurance?  Because...I spent my money on the Clapgo D. 29, it's  Yeah, don't investigate, don't pay me back, it was an
653	0	Your mom, you gay nerd! Oh my God. Packer. Packster. Whacky Pack. How you doin'? Hey, did you get that package I left for you?
742	0	 Wow, that sounds amazing.  Yeah.  That's a good one. Sarge, what would you do?
360	0	So you never had sex with a Kennedy, have you? Do, do you gonna do it now? We dont have much time. Once the egg descended the oviduct
876	0	Look at you, you look wonderful. Oh Go on. I mean it. Very pretty and warm. So...
139	0	(scared) I will, I will find him. Hey Joey, could you uh, go through these lines with me? (Hes holding a script.) Oh man! They-they just redid my make-up!
708	1	 Hey, when I'm driving, I let people in ahead of me all the time. I'm always waving everybody in. "Go ahead, go ahead, go ahead." ..Alright.. alright. I'll have  And I'm going to have an English muffin with margarine on the side and a cup of coffee.  Okay. (To George) What about you?
451	1	Oh, Im sorry I spoiled youre evening. No, thats, no, as long as youre okay. So Ill ah, Ill see you tomorrow. Um-hmm, yeah.
75	0	No. Andy, somebody defaced it. What?  Morning, Stanley.
145	0	Whoa! What's the situation?  Un-shun. I think he's suffering from depression. Re-shun. Ok, when's the shunning thing gonna end?
419	0	 I just want to apologize for my fellow detectives' behavior. Okay, my granny also had the gift.  I feel that I will die soon.  She was right. She died two years later.
699	0	Well, I doubt you're going to meet thefuture Mr. Santiago in this hallway. I don't know. Wall Street Journal on the doormat, corner apartment... Twenty bucks says this guy's like a hot banker. I'll take that action. Police, open up please.
706	0	Hey! Hey! What are you guys doing later?
124	1	 [to Claire] Now, a woman calls me, all right? She says she has to [makes some gestures to accent "has to"] come to New York on business...  Oh you are beautiful! [ironically]  and, and maybe [again some gestures] she'll see me when she gets there, does this woman intend to spend time with me?
15	1	 Honestly, is there any way you can get on your fiancee's plan? Our health plan is s... just... it's terrible. There you are. Good news. Did some research. It turns out that 98% of people with skin cancer fully recover. Still scary.
883	0	Thats Fergie baby!! Joey says you dont really like his hat, but I think its kinda dashing. How did you? How? How?
474	1	Yeah. No, it's just I'm not sure if I um... well to be quite honest with you, Jan, I have a few unpleasant memories of Scranton. And um... Michael.
630	1	So how's it going there in Financial Services? It's like Mardi Gras without the paper mache heads. How 'bout you? Good, good. Listen, heh, I dunno what Shelley told you about me, but, uh... I'm not.
412	1	[laughing with joy] Your movin'? That means I'm  Congratulations. [obviously not so thrilled by the  What about the couch?
97	0	Hey, Joey! Hey! Ooh! Ooh! I just say someone on thethat looks just like you on the subway. And I was gonna go over and say hi! but then I figured, he doesnt care if he looks like you. That just cost me four bucks. But uh listen, I just called to see how the chick and the duck are doing? Ohh, theyre having a great time with their Aunt Phoebe! Aunt Rachel hasnt been helpful at all. So, do you miss me?
973	0	Absolutely. Hi, Frasier. So how did it go with Rita last night? She didn't quite take to me.
394	0	Of course I listen occasionally. It's just I'm usually busy between eleven and one. My show is on from two to five. I can't wait to see the look on his face.
497	0	First of all, you're kind of over-doing it on the man-scaping. But more importantly, why do you refuse to take my orders seriously, Detective? Because, sir, if you're wound too tight, you end up like Terry. Daddy's gonna be home soon. I love you. I just love you so much.
127	0	I think you would get a real kick out of my jams. You cannot dance in my office. Copy that.
142	0	I can't ask people to do that? Would you ask people to do that? (Holds out his pants) Don't you point your pants at me! (She throws them on the floor.) We have no choice! Anywhere that's half-decent would've be booked months ago, Ross don't you understand? This is our wedding I'm talking about. The only thing I understand is; postponing it is not an option. This is when we're getting married.
151	1	 Are, are you sure this is decaf? Where's the orange indicator?  It's missing, I have to do it in my head: decaf left, regular right, decaf left, regular right...it's very challenging work. [ironically]  Can you relax, it's a cup of coffee, Claire is a professional waitress.
869	0	Breakfast, Dr. Crane? Uh yes, thank you, Daphne. Niles, I don’t mind telling you, I’m a little bit concerned about this. Maris claps her hands, you come running?
209	1	 Detectives. I see we got eight recruits for the Junior Police Program. Outstanding.  Thank you, sir. But, as important as your praise is to me, it should actually go to Gina. She's the one that got through to the kids.  Yes, I am amazing. And I only ask for one thing in repayment. A 600% raise.
613	0	Gosh, you know, if Daphne's so down on this whole bachelor party idea, maybe I should throw a more sedate one. I don't want to get Donny in trouble. Listen, your job's to give him the party he wants. Everything else is between them. It's absolutely none of your boobs Frasier Crane?
307	1	My God. I have to thank you, Captain, because at this moment, Peralta is feeling humility, for maybe the first time in his life. Aren't you, JP? Frankly, yes, I am, and Captain, I'm sorry. But also, look, there's Ratko. Humility over. I'm amazing. Go.
454	1	 You're engaged! [like he's answering his own question]  Yeah...yeah, he's a great guy...  Yeah.
61	0	 Hey Pam, can I see you for a second? So, Dwight heard you were having a really rough day. So he generously offered to wash our car.  Awww, he did that for me? Yes, he did. You know what was nice, nights swimming in Bayou bay.
108	1	 This is takin' too long! I'm gonna miss the farmer's market!  But I'm too busy. I've got a special case I'm working on. Uh, Hitchcock, Boyle needs you to fill out a lineup.  Oh, great. I'll take my shirt off.
527	0	 Formula 1 or Stock?  That's already way more than I know about it. The point is, I'm a super-awesome race car who's hit a couple of unlucky speed bumps.  You got speed bumps on a race track?
318	0	Yeah! I-I teach it in my class. Oh my God! Im standing at a cash register, holding a credit card, and Im bored. (looking at the completed address card) Oh, I love your neighborhood. Theres a great gym right around the corner from your building.
495	0	Stilts, aren't you a sight 'Stilts'? Growing up I was a bit tall for my age.
825	0	Not knowing when to shut up... Yep! That's my thing... So... how many guys have your key?
166	0	We'd better get going too. Right. First, I'm going to go talk to Maris. You just said—
377	1	Off?!! For your information, this happens to be a pain like no man will ever experience. Yeah, well I dont think you can make that statement, unless youve been kicked in an area that God only meant to be treated nicely.
422	1	 All right, if she puts the bags down before she greets you, that's a good sign.  Right.  Ya know, anything in the, in the "lip-area" is good.
907	0	Oh, ha, ha. I'm telling you, there was something there, though. Well, of course the whole conversation's academic. I don't even know her name. I suppose I could call down to the police station and try to find out who was on traffic duty. But, uh, I don't suppose they'd give that sort of information to a civilian. You'd have to have some... conduit to the police department, an insider who could break that damnable code of silence All right, I'll make the damn call. You, Dad? Why, I didn't even think of—
195	0	 Oh, we finished early.  Uhm, I'll bet. So, are you going to introduce me to your - nephew?  Elaine Benes, this is Joel Horneck.
924	0	 Mine! [George walks to the table to take a break]  [they take their positions again] Once, twice, three,  Mine!
948	1	(looking in the bag) Oh, thank god, it's not Mitzi. It's just a rat.  I did it! Oh! I finished it! I did it all by myself! And there's nobody to hug!  Move!
654	0	Yeah. Yeah. I know, I know, I know, I'm sorry. Who does something like that? Who promises that to a bunch of kids and then just doesn't come through like that? What can I do?
870	0	No no no! You guys stay! No no no! I have Vienna Sausages and I have napkins.  Let me fix you breakfast!  I'm not going in there.  Go.
781	0	Oh, for God's sake, Frasier. There is no convention. I'm here because of the letter. The letter? What letter? You know very well what letter. The one you left in the apartment last month when you were home to visit Frederick, the one proposing we get back together. Surely you didn't forget?
539	0	Good for you. I'm going to run like hell out the front door. Wait up Now the beauty of the 'Hot & Foamy' is the ultra-quick heating action. You just plug it in and two minutes later, presto, guess what comes out?
652	0	 Sorry, sorry. You're the primary, you're in charge.  Frank Patterson. 58 years old, married, no children. Wife found him this morning and called it in. What are you thinking, Boyle?
51	1	Take the rabbit's foot.  Roger that.  Hey. What's going on?
321	0	 What is this? You can't do this. Get that thing out of here.  Excuse me, sir. Trevor Podolski, you're under arrest for vandalism and destruction of property.  What--Dad!
130	1	Anyway erm, are you going to get a handyman to install this stuff? No. I was just going to do this myself. (Joey makes a sarcastic laugh.) You're gonna do it?
954	1	 I don't know what you're talking about.  She could get like sixty packages of Ramen noodles for five bucks. She could eat for a month. Alright, what's the grand total? Did we make our nut?
268	1	So he's got a doll? So what? Unless you're afraid he's gonna grow up and be in show business. This doesn't have anything to do with the fact that he is being raised by two women, does it? You know what it's fine. If you're okay with the Barbi thing, so am I.
733	0	Oh yeah? Yeah, tacos! Ever since you told me that story Ive had such a craving for them. Did you not understand the story?
278	1	Jacob Peralta is my best detective -- he likes putting away bad guys and he loves solving puzzles. The only puzzle he hasn't solved... is how to grow up. That's very well put. I've talked a lot about Jake in my departmentally-mandated therapy sessions.
612	1	 Ah, Captain. You're at my desk. Just what I wanna see first thing in the morning.  You're three minutes late, Peralta.  Not my fault. I had a plumbing problem.
476	1	 'ello, mate!  I like ice cream! I need a boyfriend.  I like ice cream too, mate. Alligators and dingo babies.
196	1	Prison Mike. What's the very very worst thing about prison? Don't encourage him, Dwight. The worst thing about prison was the... was the Dementors. They... were flying all over the place, and they were scary. And they'd come down, and they'd suck the soul out of your body, and it hurt!
178	1	Tomorrow, in Las Vegas. Oh, Lilith, how delightfully kitschy It's your second marriage, so you've decided to poke fun at the institution by getting married in the tackiest place you could possible choose Brian's family lives in Las Vegas.
326	1	...So we could see North by Northwest-- We are not seeing a movie together. Sounds good.
201	0	 Do you want to go with him? You go. I don't mind.  I'm not going with him. I don't even know the guy. (to the teller) Look, they did this for me before.  Look, I can give you these and you can roll them yourself.
640	0	I don't think you did anything wrong.  I told her I liked her. Why? Why did I tell her I like her? I have this sick compulsion to tell women how I feel. I like you I don't tell you.  We can only thank God for that.
401	0	Kids love candy Elves are not kids, they're tiny men Well, if you want my opinion...
960	1	 Wait, like a murder murder, or, like, his mouth murdered him by making him eat so much food that his heart exploded?  Murder murder.  We need the autopsy to be sure.
291	0	That you're wasting your time. She's got a type, which is: anyone but you. Yeah, that was my ex-wife's type, too. A Rihanna concert is a pretty big swing, man. She's into watching old movies. Maybe start there.
757	0	(starts to leave, but stops) Oh and Chandlers about to cry. (about to cry) Am not! (turning a light on) Who is that?!
648	1	 How do I know, maybe, ya know, maybe she wanted to be polite.  To be polite? You are insane!  All right, all right, I didn't want to tell you this, you wanna know why she called you?
452	0	For God's sake You had me in the drunk tank. If I wanted to kill myself I would've taken a deep breath. Frasier Niles.
79	0	No I mean, don't you think the walk would do them good? But I think it's starting to rain Come on, ride with us. Oh, you're such a doll.
455	1	Yes, good. Fine. Like stretching and... Um, yeah. You're computer screen can be a big strain on your eyes, so uh, it's also recommended that you step away for about... about ten minutes every hour. Wow, that is... that time really adds up. That's like... a half an hour, every hour?
193	1	We just need a pretense to talk to him. We could tell him that his mother is dying. That usually works on him.  Nate. Your mother is dying.  See, I feel bad about that. It's all right. It's all right.
885	1	I'm just a piece of meat to you guys' Just then Daphne ' he replies, 'Oh, don't Evening, Niles. Frasier. Everybody ready?
658	0	 You got speed bumps on a race track?  Is that not part of car racing? It should be. All I'm saying is, it's open road again. I'm about to close a case. Missing grandma Helen Sterrino. Last Sunday, her grandson Judd reported she went out for bagels and never came back. [hands report to Holt] This morning, we picked up an old lady matching her description exactly. I showed her pictures of Judd, and she said, and I quote, [imitating old lady] 'That's my grandson.'  What did I say about doing voices?
535	0	Yeah. You? Yeah.
63	1	Okay. Perp came in through the window, left that muddy footprint, broke that cabinet -- hold on, hold on. Is everyone wearing a necktie? Because it's impossible to solve crimes if you're not wearing a tie. Shell casings found here. ...Two shots. Bang... bang. I concur. Good work, detective. You get a tie.
43	1	 Or... I can give you a zero percent raise and make you my personal assistant, which is what I'm doing. I think you have hidden talents, which will make you surprisingly good at the job.  No, I have no talents.  You start Monday.
304	1	 Just, can we just forget the whole thing ever happend? I'm sorry. I din't mean it. I took it out on you. We're still friends. We're still friends. Still friends.  Tonight?  No, next Wednesday. If it was tonight, I would've said tonight.
853	0	Yes, well it's been a while since I've gone over this. Who are these guys? Oh, just some of the principal players in our little drama. That's Detective Shelby, the vice cop who found the body. Who is this menacing little mono-brow?
840	0	 Oh, do, do you mind if I turn this down? [points to the lamp]  Uh, no, yeah, go right ahead. [she turns down the lamp]  Uh, Jerry, uh, I was wandering: would it be possible, and if it's not, fine, for me to stay here tomorrow night too?
359	1	 Hi, Rosa. Ooh, I like your shoes. They're a really pretty--  What do you need?  --Color. Okay. You know how, every year, the precinct does that junior police program seminar?
84	1	He called the Long Island Expressway a concrete miracle. (imitating Parker) This room! This night! That waiter! His shoes! I must take a mental picture! (He backs into someone.) Ooh sorry(He looks behind him then notices its Phoebe then stops his impression.) Were you guys making fun of Parker?
929	1	Nothing for me, thanks. Are you sure? I make a mean nutcake. No, that's all right, I'm meeting one for lunch.
282	1	 [whistles disapproving] Ho ho ho, "Had to"? "Had to come in"?  Yeah, but...  "Had to come in" and "maybe we'll get together"? "Had to" and "Maybe"?
810	0	She wants it bad Michael. Can you stop this? I can.
921	0	I come from a large family of scoundrels and n'er-do-wells, who repeatedly promised me they'd change their ways, and never made any effort. Now here's someone who's actually trying, and succeeding. Now I think that's worthy of a little encouragement. Coffee, Niles? Yes, please. I can't believe Daphne got snowed by that crook. Now I've got to expose Blaine for the charlatan that he is.What was the name of that doctor he said treated him in Laughlin?
152	0	Ewing's hurt? How long is he going to be out?  A couple of days at the most but..  Geez.
159	0	Wait, wait-wait-wait. You haven't heard my problem. I think she's already dating someone else. It really makes me nuts. What makes you think she's seeing someone else? Well, the other night I couldn't get her on the phone. So I drove by her house, and I saw her parked outside talking to some guy in a black BMW.
965	0	Niles. So... how are you? Well, uh, tired and a little poorer. This is so exciting, I can't wait to see the look on your Father’s face when we go over there and surprise him.
385	1	A Rihanna concert is a pretty big swing, man. She's into watching old movies. Maybe start there. Cool. Where... would I find a place that shows old movies? Just go on the internet and search for the phrase "I want to buy two movie tickets for a girl who doesn't like me."
81	0	I don't see anything.  That's because it's all wart.  How are you married?
188	1	 But the sandals define Harvey. He's a sandals guy. [sighs] Captain, why the babysitting? Why are you micromanaging me?  You think I wanna be sitting here with you instead of running my precinct?  Yes.
676	0	 No. Robocop. It's got everything I like--gratuitous violence.  Oh, I thought you were listing things.  I was. I'm done.
643	0	A ham for $6000? Is it from a talking pig? Is it made out of "Babe Jamon iberico is an amazing cured ham from Spain. They had it at my uncle's funeral. I gorged myself at that funeral. I was constipated for three days. Rest in peace, Uncle Johnny. A murder and a ham heist? Things just got interesting. This is Captain Ray Holt. We're gonna need some extra ties.
745	0	Joey, I thought you were gonna try to be friends first! (To Rachel) Well look, hey, it's all your fault! What?! Why?!
770	0	What do you suppose 'multi-angle capability' means? Well, it means that the remote control will respond from any angle. Not to intrude, but actually it means you can see a scene from different camera angles.
786	0	Ya wanna hang back and take our own cab? Yeah, otherwise Im not going. Hi! (Kisses his mom.) Hey mom.
437	0	What? He met someone else. I can't believe this is happening to me. And the winner
140	0	Did you find the slippers? What? In the closet.
334	1	Oh, honey, the earrings (looking at them) They look great! Does your boyfriend have the best taste or what? My boyfriend really does have good taste!
372	1	 [proudly] I am...the master packer.  [laughs] Yeah, right, you're the master packer.  What you must understand, Elaine, [picks up the
312	0	 [makes some weird motions] I walked in, your lobby  Again.  I don't know how you put up with this.
286	0	 His M.O. is he finds lonely women with no friends, poisons their food, and then guts 'em in his van. It's pretty gnarly. Last seen wearing a salmon shirt, grey blazer, and witnesses have said he has trouble fitting lettuce in his mouth.  Okay. Where are you?  Apparently has the world's smallest pen1s and doesn't know how to use it... Hi, there, I'm Jake Peralta, Amy's boss. That's not true.
776	0	Thank you. Thanks. That's nice. No record of Ratko on their ledger. Must have used cash. Maybe we'll get lucky and he'll turn up.
211	0	 If this is your strategy to cheer me up, it's backfiring.  Sir, I don't think you realize how good flat numbers are. I went back 12 years. A precinct's numbers almost always get worse under new leadership, but ours didn't. That's a win. It's just your first month. Morale is much higher, people are working harder, you're well on your way to earning a place on that wall.  Thank you, Santiago.
737	0	 Who is it?  It's for you.  (into phone) Hello? Oh, hi Joel. (Jerry hits Kramer with a magazine.) .. No. I was out of town. I just got back.. Kramer doesn't know anything.. He's just
727	0	 You found the place.  You won the choose.  All right, forget it, it's over, I'm not moving.
595	1	 (acidly) She's full. (George puts up his hands in an "excuse me" gesture.) So, Big daddy. I'm just curious. How much did you clear on your little trasaction  I don't like to discuss figures.  How much?
407	0	(shocked) Oh! Oh! Oh! Thank you so much! You dont know what this means to us! Oh! Oh my God, I think Im gonna cry! Its gonna be so great.
253	0	Well hey, I wanna ask you about Monica's little "groomy" joke. Oh! Alright. Well I think the reason people laugh is becuase it's   a play on the word roomy. I get the joke. Sophisticated as it was. Now the thing I wanna say is...   maybe we should have talked about this before. Us living together, you're not   expecting a proposal, right?
775	0	Alright.  Hey guys, I have with me Dwight Schrute. Dwight, take it away. OK guys, listen up. Here's the deal. I love candy. Sweet sugary candy from the second it touches my tongue to the moment it's metabolized by my stomach acids, so naturally I liked Willy Wonka.
122	1	Gosh, it's really hard to picture, isn't it? Of course, I mean, it wouldn't be your problem. It would be all me, trust me, all me. I mean, you're a perfectly wonderful person. What are you doing? Well, I'm just saying how great you are.
115	1	NO! Okay... uh, sorry? Okay, he can have 14. Marjory's not here today.
374	1	I like Jake Hammer better. Let's go. Ah.  I did not think getting these kids to sign up would be this hard.  [scoffs] These kids don't wanna listen to you. You're like... Smart and articulate.
571	0	 I told you about Laura, the girl I met in Michigan?  No, you didn't!  I thought I told you about it, yes, she teaches political science? I met her the night I did the show in Lansing...[looks in the milk can] There's no milk in here, what...
899	1	So it actually took George Bernard Shaw longer to rectify his billing error than it did for him to write 'Man and Superman'. Yes. Excuse me.
450	1	You too... Darryl.  What?  Oh, man! I'm sorry about that. It's cool. Reading's tricky sometimes.
332	0	I know! Bye!!! (looking through the peephole) Ugh. (opening the door) Ross!
844	0	Ironically, these are the guys who were picked last in gym. Pheebes, you know what I'm thinking? Oh, ok. How, it's been so long since you've had sex, you're wondering if they've changed it?
588	1	Sure. There's a transcript between a naval ship and a lighthouse. Is this real?  It is a screenplay. Starring himself.
270	1	But the warehouse coffee tastes SO much better. Yeah. Yes, it's better. It's great.  All right. Okay.
90	1	 Lady bin?  Laundry basket. Oh, little boo-boo. Can you go be depressed over there? You're bumming out my whole area.  Baby, I've got some bad news. Someone painted a giant penis on our minivan. No, you cannot have an SUV now. Those things roll, baby. They roll!
3	0	Oh, I see, so everybody wins.  Who is it? (outside the door) Its Monica, open up!
440	0	Shut up about Holt -- that man is going to be my rabbi. First of all, it's very weird to hear a Cuban woman refer to an African American man as her rabbi. Secondly, your "rabbi's" a pain in my ass. Yeah, he's a little too serious. What do you think, Rosa?
119	0	 Dr. Rossi. I'm the new medical examiner. Don't let me get in your way. I'm sure you have a lot to do.  Actually, I've been given a direct order to do nothing, so. What brings you here... Okay. All right. Sorry. Sorry.  You all right?
45	0	Thank you so much! Yeah, oh and Sarah... I'd like to introduce you to my colleague, uh, Professor Wheeler, a-and this is Joey Tribbiani. (to Joey) Are you a paleontologist?
715	1	 (starting to cry) Wait. Wat did I do? Tell me.. I want to know.  You didn't do anything. It's not you, it's me. It's.. this is very difficult.  Look, I know I call you too much, right? I mean, I know you're a very busy guy.
945	1	Ah, so then his plane didn't explode in a big ball of fire?... Just a dream I had- but, phew. Hey hey hey! She's on! Ah! Nora Bing!
671	0	Thank you. Because that would be one tired penny. Eddie Crane, from Seattle, your word is 'woof'.
674	0	Hey. Shh.. Go back to sleep. I have to go home. Oh. This was amazing.
649	1	Damn It! I'm gonna tell Jim to go  himself. Do you think Andy would ever jump off an exploding building tied to a hose for me?
141	0	 They don't identify with you because you're not from the streets. I am. Follow, watch, learn. All right, listen up. [rips earbuds out of two girls ears] I know you think you're badasses. But deep down, you're scared. How do I know? Because I've been that same scared kid, and if you don't get your crap together, I'm gonna end up busting you and throwing you in jail. Got it?  Remix, yo!  What's happening?
819	0	 Good. But don't ever bup-bup-bup-bup me again.  Right, I don't know...  Bup-bup-bup-bup... Bup-bup-bup. Just go.
793	1	 You know, this business is going to be big. I just wanted .. okay. (he exits quickly, then sticks his head back through the door) One day, you'll beg me to  Hi, Joel. This is Jerry. I hope you get this before you - Oh, Hi. Joel.. oh, you just came in.. listen, I can't amke it to the game tonight. I, uh, have to tutor my  Trapezoid?
429	1	All right, I got it. Businessman, Cleveland, depressed, then eat Yes, Dad, eat Honestly, sometimes you can get so obsessed about things Oh, God, it's raining
901	0	Oh, he's just been such a pill lately. Well, you know, it's tough for people when they're out of work. They just get a little tense and irritable.To go I said to go So why don't you two take a little break from each other? Have you ever thought about, I don't know, staying with Niles for a while? Out of the frying pan into the fire, huh?
683	0	That's great. Yes, it is.  Hello? Hey, did you catch that up at Lake Wallenpaupack?
70	1	Roger? Yeah, sweetheart, hi I'd love that drink. Well, well, well. It looks like you've really made an impression on Roger here, Roz.
936	0	Hello, Darling. Hello. Did you see who's here?
813	0	Then it naturally follows that I would be on the list. But you're not. Then how did I GET the invitation?
818	0	Yes you are. I think it may be time for my sponge bath. Sorry, I'm just so used to hitting on the extras. So, are you excited about your scene? Yeah! But I'm a little shaky and nervous.  Oh, relax. Don't be. You'll be fine, you'll be fine. They'll probably just make you stand in the back.
791	1	Oh, Daphne, get that hat off him. Isn't it bad enough we had him neutered? Look, by the way things are going, I don't think I'm going to have children. Just let me dress up the dog I've never seen a dog look that stupid.
957	0	Why at least? If you're guessing forty six just say forty six.  Can we please talk about how gross Meredith is? This is what you get when you treat your body like an outhouse.
292	0	Okay.  I saw three ships come sailing in, on Christmas day, on Christmas day... Have you talked to him?
213	1	Oh, ah nothin. I just felt like hangin out here and reading. Oh, the water was sooo great! We jumped off this pier and my suit came off. Ohhhh, sorry I missed that.
330	1	Dude, you will not be sorry. Sweet. All right. All right.
888	1	Oh, so much fun. But the best part is, we met this incredible couple on the way back. That was the best part? (To Chandler) Good honeymooning tiger. No, they were really cool. They were on their honeymoon too!
602	0	Well, can you blame her? Her last day of beauty was during the Johnson administration. You know, this is rather interesting. The Laureate Luncheon; break bread with three Nobel Prize winners. Drs. Alan Zafrin, Jane Randall and Terrance Quinn. Oh my, it's an opportunity to meet with three of the greatest thinkers of our time. I'm amazed they even got them all in the same room together. You know Zafrin's a legendary recluse.
900	0	 So you don't know what's wrong with him?  All Simons was able to find out is that he's in the hospital.  Okay, fine. Has Simons been in touch with him?
835	1	I flipped a coin seventeen times last night and every time it came up tails I only stopped because I was getting a blister. Thank you. How does Daphne put up with all this?
87	1	You comfy? Alright? Alright. Relax. Relax, ok? Dwight! Dwight! Come on. Relax. The shirt wasn't doing you any favors. If my assessment in correct, you grind your teeth?
651	1	Niles, after that jaunty beret you wore to brunch last Sunday, you can pull anything off. Get the lighter. Put fire near my head. Fire will frighten her off. Try that. Oh here, the phone.
428	0	Yes, I remember watching you from the petrified audience. Come on. Oh, there they are, let's go. Oh, well, you got out here quickly. I guess you needed one of these more than I did, huh? Yes, well, when you enjoy smoking as much as I do, noth...
202	1	What? Look at him God, if he knew you were calling him 'strudel boy,' he'd be wiping his feet on your face Hang that, Frasier If there're going to be scuffs, they'll be scuffs of honor. How dare you steal my wife Translate
841	0	No, I have to go over pencils and office supplies. It's part of the ethics thing. That isn't ethics. Ethics is a real discussion of the competing conceptions of the good. This is just the corporate anti-shoplifting rules. I'll drop an ethics bomb on you. Would you steal bread to feed your family? ... Boom!
542	0	No, I'm sorry but that is true. He's screwed. They're meeting in less than an hour. Oh, all right. God, Dwight, just ignore every instinct you have. It's all garbage okay? You're the woman, I'm the salesman, watch what I do and try to learn.
467	0	You're not going, actually. Because if you'll just take a quick peek to your right, you'll see Detectives Boyle and Diaz. Over there is Detective Santiago. And behind you is Captain Holt. Can you believe that? A captain, on a stakeout! He's kind of a hands-on dude. Point is, we have you surrounded -- -- oh my God, I figured out the tie thing! Captain -- hey, I figured it out! Maybe now's not the best time, Detective.
435	1	 [gets up] 'Cause it's signals, Jerry [starts snapping his fingers], it's signals! Don't you....all right. Did she even ask you, what you were doin' tomorrow night, if you were busy?  No.  She calls you today and she doesn't make a plan for tomorrow? What is that? It's Saturday night!
939	1	 Ya know, anything in the, in the "lip-area" is good.  "Lip-area".  Ya know a hug: definitely good.
277	0	Yes, yes, do go on. I think we'd better start again. Ross, repeat after me. I, Ross... I, Ross...
624	1	Oh, umm, I was just yknow working out and umm Oh, thats it. Were doomed. Okay, theyre gonna take 50 bucks out of our accounts for the rest of our lives. What are we gonna do? Well, you could actually go to the gym.
281	0	 Do you handle any of that commercial...real estate?  Well, I might be getting in to that.  [slaps George on the arm] You keep me posted!
661	0	Okay. So Pheebs, what is the book about? I thought you said you read it in high school.
897	0	 Hey, David? Yeah? I think you're a nice guy too.
731	0	 Yeah, I've been thinking about it.  You know, my friend told me about this great place in Vermont.  I don't know. I just worry about trips like this.. It's a lot of pressure.
843	0	 I think they're laughing at you.  That's never happened before. I don't like it.  NYPD, hands where I can see them.
32	0	China is on the move? I found that in the waiting room at the dentist's office. This kid had the magazine I wanted to read, that's the only one I could reach and I read it and then I read it again. My whole life I believed that America was number one, that was the saying. Not America is number two. England is number two. China should be like eight.
398	1	Yeah. Yeah, thatthats exactly it. Youre right. Yeah. (deadpan) Ooh! Yeah. So yeah, so you know exactly what Im talking  about. Oh yeah, sure. (She gets up, walks towards the bathroom, and Joey watches  her go.) Ehhh.
129	0	 You know, normally, I would agree with you, but I've been pretty detail-oriented the last few hours.  You might not understand this, but Trevor is a special kid. He makes straight A's. He's going to Duke next year. Lacrosse scholarship.  Oh.
126	1	 No, I don't want it. I want it, if you don't want it.  So you do want it.  No I, I want it if you don't want it!
341	1	 Yeah. [Jerry sits down on the couch. Kramer sits down next to him and starts turning over the pages of a magazine. Suddenly he spots an article he likes and tears it out. Jerry looks at him with a "what-the-h...-are-you-doing-look" and Kramer asks:] Are you done with this?  No.  [glues the article back with his own saliva and puts the magazine back on the table] When you're done, let me know.
441	1	I cannot believe I can't find a selfless good deed! Y'know that old guy that lives next to me? Well, I snuck over there and-and raked up all the leaves on his front stoop. But he caught me and force-fed me cider and cookies. Then I felt wonderful. That old jackass! Maybe Joey's right. Maybe all good deeds are selfish. I will find a selfless good deed! 'Cause I just gave birth to three children and I will not let them be raised in a world where Joey is right!
820	0	The warehouse.  There's nothing down here. Oh, I expected more from young Halpert.
764	0	Ow! Ratko, I'm getting mad. That's thirty dollar marmalade! I not mean to kill. It not my fault.
80	1	 I have to say something. With all due respect, I just never.. I can't imagine anyone in any walk of life, under any circumstance, wanting to make their own  That's you.  I'm just saying..
787	0	 Do you wanna flip a coin?  ...Who flips?...You'll flip, I'll call.  OK, fine...[takes a coin from his pocket] This is the
953	0	 [walks towards the table] I love the mirror in that  [bobs his head] It's a good mirror...[both look at  I don't know, I can't eat, ya, ya can't have anything
153	0	All right, you just take all the time you need. She accepted your apology but she just wants to be alone for a little while, so let's go. Dad, I really should apologize to her in person.
506	0	Cause then I could move in here.  Ooohhhh  It's time you got out a here anyway.
489	1	 Absolutely, sir. I won't just head it up, I will head and shoulders it up. I will dive in, swim around it, and just be altogether good with it.  Be more articulate when you speak to the children.  Yes, sir, I will make better mouth.
942	1	Well, that went well. Yeah. It could've been worse, he could've shot her. (laughs) That uh, that was pretty funny. Wasn't it?
382	1	(awkwardly) Would you like to call somebody? (offering phone) Yeah, about 300 guys I went to high school with. Yeah, thanks. (takes phone) Hello?
430	1	Oh, come on, why not? Uh, well, Niles because it's a little late to be changing things, isn't it? Besides, we've always had Christmas here, it's a tradition. “Wassail - a Christmas punch.”
606	0	Come on, let's go. Creed, Kevin, Oscar... andale! Let's go. One, two, three... smile.  Try to smile. We resolved a lot today, everybody. Think happy thoughts.
464	1	 [closes the closet with Elaine still in it]...I like  It's your decision.  [walks around with Elaine walking next to him, copying
344	0	Oh my God, has she slept at all? Nope. No, it's been three nights in a row.
851	0	Oh, I'm sorry. I-I didn't realize this spot was reserved. must have... blown away. Uh, I'm Dr. Frasier Crane. Yes.
763	0	Well, look, why dont you just, why dont you do your Phase Two strip club thing with us. Yeah, come on, we can be guys! (laughs) No you cant.
462	0	 I had the same exact one when I was a kid!  Mom, Charles is hogging my doll house!  Grandma bought it for the both of us!
502	1	Oh, yeah, well I already did that! They said theyre gonna look into it right after they solved all the murders. Okay, well, well call the company that sent her! I did that too! They wouldnt give me her real name or her number. They said, "If I bothered them again theyd call the police." I said, "If you talk to the police, you tell them Im missing a ring!"
161	1	Sounds like someone's in a little bit of a slump.  I'm not in a slump.  You're not?
541	0	 How can you say that?  Look, you're a nice guy, it's just that - we don't have anything in common.  (starting to cry) Wait. Wat did I do? Tell me.. I want to know.
16	0	What emails are you talking about? Robert's favorite songs: Creep by TLC, Creep by Radio Head. You remember that one Jim? There is no way he hasn't strangled at least one stripper. Oscar. He eats his yogurt like he is punishing it for disappointing him. Kelly. That's not that bad actually.
549	1	No. No, no, no. What about the 11th? No, concert tickets.
998	0	Hi, Frasier. Roz, I was looking for you— O.K. wait, Connie, before you say anything, there's something I need to get off my chest. I have bought Girl Scout cookies from you, I have paid for your kids' band uniforms, I've bought tickets to every raffle your church ever had, and I'm tapped out. So whatever it is you came to say to me, I'm not interested. Well, I'll just go then. Oh, by the way, my church had its raffle drawing yesterday. You won the grand prize. Sorry to bother you.
774	1	 [slaps George on the arm] You keep me posted!  I'm aware of you, all right, let's go [opens the bathroom door], let's go! [Jerry and the dog come out] You're on stage in 25 minutes.  The dating world is not a fun world...it's a pressure world, it's a world of tension, it's a world of pain...and ya know, if a woman comes over to my house, I gotta get that bathroom ready, 'cause she needs things. Women need equipment. I don't know what they need. I know I don't have it, I know that...Ya know what they need, women seem to need a lot of cotton-balls. This is the one I'm, always has been one of the amazing things to me...I have no cotton-balls, we're all human beings, what is the story? I've never had one...I never bought one, I never needed one, I've never been in a situation, when I thought to myself: "I could use a cotton-ball right now"...I can certainly get out of this mess...Women need them and they don't need one or two, they need thousands of them, they need bags, they're like peat-moss(?) bags, have you ever seen these giant bags? They're huge and two days later, they're out, they're gone, the, the bag is empty, where are the cotton-balls, ladies? What are you doin' with them? The only time I ever see'em is in the bottom of your little waste basket, there's two orthree, that look like they've been through some horrible experience... tortured, interrogated, I don't know what happened to them...I once went out with a girl who's left a little zip-lock-baggy of cotton-balls over my house. I don't know what to do with them, I took them out, I put them on my kitchen floor like little tumbleweeds. I thought maybe the cockroaches would see it, figure this is a dead town: "Let's move on"... The dating world is a world of pressure. Let's face it: a date is a job-interview, that lasts all night. The only difference between a date and a job-interview is: not many job-interviews is there a chance you'll end up naked at the end of it...ya know: "Well, Bill, the boss thinks you're the man for the position, why don't you strip down and meet some of the people you'll be workin' with?".
503	0	 ..Thirty-two, thirty-three-  George.  (raises his hand) Not now.. (counts to himself).
881	0	 But what do I find when I probe a little farther?  Bruising around the neck. And ocean water in the lungs.  Ooh, how long have you been dead, body?
457	1	(with his mouthful) Hi Monica. (To Chandler) Were practically kissing. (Makes a kissy face and winks at him.) (entering) Hey!
944	0	 How can I take it?  It's your apartment!  How can I want it now, if you want it?
625	1	What? When did this happen? He just called me on my cell phone now. I took the liberty of calling your lawyer, Daphne, to let him know the good news, too.
308	0	 What's the rent?  I don't know, what we're doin' here, this is  She wanted to thank us for the apartment. [very
847	1	 Yes, a little bit.  Yes. I think the thermostat is acting up again. It's the stupid thermostat! That thing is a catastrophe. So I'm gonna, um, on your suggestion, get someone to fix it. I'll just go downstairs.
427	0	Now we wait, and hopefully nothing happens. Alright. Oh, I assume I'm going to be reimbursed for the pizzas. Not now Dwight, please, it's not the time.
263	0	You ready to go? Yeah! You bet roomy! Don't you mean..groomy?
363	0	I love you guys. Okay. (in her microphone) It's zero hour. All teams execute on my count. (to all) Let's get this bad boy on the road. (to Monica) Is it okay that I want you to wear that head set in bed tonight?
54	1	 So what?  INTERFERENCE! YOU CAN'T COUNT THAT. COME ON, ARE YOU  You didn't call no interference!
156	1	Oh, this is great I was being smothered Oh, I can breathe. I don't know how you stand it Hello, Frasier, it's me. How close are you to the cafe? All right, well hurry up and park because Niles is almost completely... Niles is completely naked Oh... Niles
938	0	Well, you were kind of vague. You want to know why? I'll tell you why. I think you are a smarty-pants. I was too polite to say that before. But then you spied on me, you stalked me, you badgered me, you poured Yoo-Hoo down my Dockers, you crunched my hand, and then, as if all that was not enough, you burned down my newsstand, my livelihood, a gift to me from my beloved uncle, may he rest in peace Was that so hard?
688	0	 Oh, is somebody making fun of me? The best. Great friends. Thank you, Michael.  Ahh... I got you some tiramisu. No hard feelings.
420	0	 [to Jerry] Don't worry, I gave him a little caffeine: he'll perk up.  [takes off his glasses and rubs his eyes; panics] Right, I knew I felt something...! [Jerry is laughing, Claire walks away with a smile]  Jerry? I have to tell ya somethin':...this is the dullest moment I've ever experienced. [walks away from the dryer; a man passes George and Jerry]
523	0	I don't care what Jim says, that is not the real Ben Franklin. I am 99% sure.  Michael, I left a meeting. What is so urgent? Are you, are you okay? Not really, look I don't know how to say this so I just will.
754	1	 Best friend? I've never been to your apartment.  I cannot believe that this is happening. I can't believe it.  Okay, okay. Forget it. It's okay. Id didn't mean it.
397	1	 Again.  I don't know how you put up with this.  Yeah, tell'm George.
546	0	You found Johanna. That monster of a judge has locked her-. Locked her away.  There's a little bird fluttering around. Do hope it ceases chirping.
886	0	 A stock.  What stock?  Did you ever meet my friend, Simons?
722	0	 Five felonies in one week! Light 'em up, Boyle.  That's the sweet taste of triumph.  You should shower more.
486	0	No-no, they're not very nice people. Okay, listen, I really like you. Okay? I think this can go somewhere. So what if I'm close to my family, are you gonna let that stand in the way of us? Well, uh, I-I don't know. See when-when you put it that way y'know it does sort of
260	0	 Jake Hammer strikes again.  Detectives. I see we got eight recruits for the Junior Police Program. Outstanding.  Thank you, sir. But, as important as your praise is to me, it should actually go to Gina. She's the one that got through to the kids.
619	0	No? Then you are an idiot. Hello Michael. Rachel. Boy, you clean up good. Place looks great with all the lights on. And everything. Actually looks bigger with people in it. It's weird. So...
538	1	Ok, that's ok. I'm fine. I'm... oh! Oh, uh, ok. Right this way. All the other pregnant women seem to be goin' in here. Ok.
513	0	 No, it hit the table, it hit the table.  So what?  INTERFERENCE! YOU CAN'T COUNT THAT. COME ON, ARE YOU
532	1	Come on, you guys, you have nothing to lose, I have everything to lose. Do you want me to lose everything? Everything?! Okay, Im gonna go get Frank. (exits) So, were walking down the street and I turn to you and I say, Hey, lets go hang out at Totally Nude Nudes, remember? And then, and then, you turn to me and say, Nah, lets just hang out at your place. Well, that was a nice move dumb ass.
157	0	Oh, don't let them talk about you like that, little fella. She was talking about me. Hi, Marty Crane. Phil Patterson. You look familiar, Mr. Crane, but I can't quite place you.
558	0	You're pregnant? Well, I know a little bit about that myself. Then you know exactly what I'm talking about. Society doesn't go easy on pregnant ladies, does it? So, when are you due? I'm not pregnant
505	1	You dare call me a prig after I rescued you from that sideshow you call a radio program? One more crack about my show and I'll put that little wooden block in a place you'll always be able to find it Group, take five minutes of quiet introspection
367	1	Blammo! Jake Hammer strikes again.  Jake Hammer strikes again.  Detectives. I see we got eight recruits for the Junior Police Program. Outstanding.
947	0	He was terrible. You just liked him because he let you do anything you wanted. What the hell are you doing? Fire extinguisher roller chair derby.
573	0	Cut that out Oh, I can’t help myself. I’ve never stopped thinking about you. Nor I you, but this is wrong.
935	0	 So what you're saying is that this is kind of a...  No, for the last time, Charles, we don't need a clubhouse.  You know what I'm thinking?
76	1	 Well, it couldn't be too expensive. Thirteen, fourteen bucks a cat?  What do you think, Jerry? You wanna make twenty-eight bucks?  I'm no cat killer.
714	0	 He is at my desk, enjoying a nice glass of bubbly water and some chocolate I was saving for a special occasion.  Hey, Peralta, when you're done, can you help me wrap up this massive cocaine bust I just pulled off? Thanks. Oh, Deputy Commissioner, didn't see you there. Sorry for interrupting. Amy Santiago.  Trevor, what'd you do this time?
647	0	 What's the matter, you can't fight your own battles? No... that's... Maybe you could just take the rest of the day off... you know...
812	0	Okay. So who gets paid more? Me or Andy? It is not a matter of more or less. Your pay is just different. Okay? All right! Show time, part one. Ok. Who reports to who?
723	1	So, there was no miracle?! No Joe, no miracle. (sarcastic) Oh no this is devastating! My faith is shaken. Im so glad I have the new chair to get my through this difficult time in my life.
249	0	I know what I said. Jim, you're in deep doo-doo. Do you understand? I have one thing to say to you, and I'm going to say it in front of this whole office. Look me in the eye.  That's it? This is crap!   You've reached Gabe Lewis, I'm currently indisposed. Leave me a message. Ciao.
20	1	I never know. I just say it. I say stuff like that, you know, to lighten the tension. When things sort of get hard. That's what she said. Hey! Nice. Really good. Bravo, my young ward.
744	0	Hang on a second, Dad. I've got to get a pen. I'll write that down. I'm sorry, Roz. Good night, Marty See you tomorrow, Babs.
250	1	I tell you what though, since my move down to Florida I've really gotten back into hunting big time. Hunting's so primal. Almost sexual. Totally. I mean, I'd never bang an animal, you can hardly tell the difference between a boy or a girl, you know, but hunting's intense.
94	0	 It is too!  My roommate starts rehearsal tonight on Carrousel.  Hi, Carol.
103	0	You should shower more.  Yep.  Updates on open cases.
342	0	Ah yes, but hes very protective of me so youd better watch  yourself. Ah Hey, so this roommate of yoursis he good looking? Hm-mmm.
251	0	 C'mon. Wilkinson's got millions invested in this stock. It's gone up three points since I've been watching it.  What if I lose it?  C'mon, go for twenty-five hundred. We'll do it together. Come on, come on. We're in it together.
912	0	(entering) Hey! (entering) Hey! Phoebe! Were both (points at Ross and himself) your backup?!
632	0	That's it. Come here  I missed you Kevin.
191	0	My God, have you seen Maris? Yes, Dad, I know. Did Niles calm her down? Yeah, he took her to your room but he had to butter her up a little.
670	0	 No thanks.  (to Joel) It's gonna be hot in a minute. (exits)  So, I though you were tutoring your nephew?
42	0	What would you do if my heart was torn in two... You know what, Walter Jr. is here. Why don't you come up and join us? Dad, no. I'm just having a good time getting to know Andy's friends here.
979	1	Thank you, Dr. Crane, that's very nice. They're warm and... full of life. You have beautiful eyes too.
682	0	Thank you, Bebe, I knew I could count on you. Well, it won't be me personally. I think now is the time to unleash the newest member of Team Crane. What do you mean?
859	0	What about Kelly? You read my mind.  Is this a joke?
987	1	 You're dripping on my carpet.  Oh, don't worry, sir. It's just urinal water. Clean urinal water.  You could eat off his shirt.
92	0	Why are you fixated on this hypothetical transgendered attacker? Why don't we start with the basics? Show us how to defend ourselves against a baby, and then like, a fifth grade girl, and then, you know, if we have time, on up to a scary man. Well, the most common scenario is a larger man attacking a smaller female.
458	0	Yep.  Updates on open cases.  I just got a DOA on Bessimer street.
91	0	I'm excited too. Okay. Bye. Who was that?  Nobody. You and I are done.
933	1	Mm-hmm. Yeah. It does not work.  They're here.  Fantastic. Too dramatic?
735	0	We got an offer on the table. What kind of offer? A buyout.
369	1	Have you seen Eddie? What's burning? Where's the fire? Eddie
252	1	 Well, it's your phone. He wanted to talk to you  Maybe I didn't want to talk to him.  Well, why not?
203	1	Yeah, you're right. This is so over. You kidding me, Pam!? Come on! God! Damn jet skis! Our first fight. If this is about what happened in the bathroom, there was no place to cuddle...
314	1	Thank you. Thank you. I would sooner die in this hellhole then see her back with you! Now, that can be arranged! (He brings his sword back and drops it, causing it to fly over the wall.) Slippery little bugger!
610	0	I gave him an ultimatum. (Shrugs)  He chose the cats?  They're very clean animals.
958	1	 Sure, it's...probably the same guy, who delivers the  Oh, than I gotta tip him.  Oh damn, this place is incredible, look at all this
187	1	You know, I was on a case once where the wife constantly nagged the husband like this. 'You never put anything in the garbage. Why don't you ever put anything in the garbage?' Well, he should have listened to her. Oh, he did. And that's where we found her
265	0	Ross. Emily, hi! Uh, how-how was you flight? It was dreadful. I felt terrible about how I acted when you said those wonderful things.
364	0	Chandler! Phoebes hogging the game! Who cares? Its a stupid game. You only think its stupid because you suck at it.
872	0	Have you really done this before? Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! You just take a big, big swing. Now, dont hold back. (He dons his protective helmet (Why, I have no clue.) and Phoebe picks up a wooden baseball bat and starts to swing as Chandler and Monica enter.) Hey!
636	0	Will you just come out here? Woody? What is going on? I can't even look at you. I'm so ashamed. I... I lied to you, Dr. Crane. Why did you do that?
220	0	Okay. Fine. No more PDA. Good. You win. But here's what we are going to do. We are going to designate one of our closets as a hook-up zone.
256	1	 Peralta, where are we on the Adams Street burglary?  We are very close, Captain. Aside from a complete absence of evidence, suspects, or leads. So, in conclusion, not at all close.  And the Vickers Street aggravated assault?
114	1	I can't... I can't hear it again. You know, I can't tell it again... (wipes his tears again) And I'm fine never having heard it... (Rachel looks at Ross in a "why do you say that" manner) Rach, can I... can I see you for a sec?
466	1	We can just have one big fun party. Everybody's happy, nobody wastes their time. I don't like it.  Wow! You're shaking things up a bit, huh?
324	1	 Due to a certain recent incident, corporate has asked all the branches to come up with ideas as to how we can better communicate with our communities. Is this because of the 60 Minutes segment about working conditions in our Peruvian paper mill? That was a hit job. If you read the Dunder Mifflin press release it clearly states that they had absolutely nothing to do with that particular cancer cluster. So if there is a lesson to be learned here and I'm not sure that there is, it is that in order to help our communities, we need to put other people's needs ahead of our own.
65	0	$50 dollars?  Uh-huh.  Thank you very much.
994	0	No, just -- they're super nice socks, right? Where do you get socks like that? I have the worst socks. Hey -- have you heard anything about the new captain? No, and I don't care. Terry runs the detective squad, and he's great.
408	1	Well, if you guys insist on having your own private little love fest-- We do. --that none of us can be a part of--
320	0	Oh, hi, Niles. Hey, Frasier, Chez Henri? Niles, they're booked up months in advance.
400	1	Okay. Now do the robot voice. The robot voice you were doing when you implied I'm a rule-following robot. I want to hear it again. ..."Meep morp... zeep... robot..." That's a terrible robot voice. And the next time I see you, I'd like you to be wearing a necktie.
989	1	 Oh.  But you would have me hang a baroque oil painting of myself like I'm a north Korean dictator. What? No ornate gold frame? Why am I not astride my noble steed, clad in armor? We could add a horse. You just wasted your time, Terry's time, and now my time on this when you should have been filing a report on the purse-snatcher.  Oh, I did. It's already in the system.
327	0	We are bad people. He knew we were trying to get rid of him. He knew! (Pause.) You think we could get a bathtub in our kitchen? (entering) Hey, ready for dinner?
904	1	Oh, come on! I wanna hear it! It wouldn't be Thanksgiving without Chandler bumming us out! It's a tradition, like the parade. If the parade decided it was gay, moved out, and abandoned its entire family. You're right. Yours is worse. You are the king of bad Thanksgivings.
10	1	Hi, I'm looking for Michael Scott. Yes, that's me. Come on it.  There's nothing classier than boring Jazz music. I am here to tell ya. And I made a bit of a judgment call. I hired one musician, because I thought, what's better, to hire an entire quartet for half an hour, or one bassist for the entire day?
27	0	What the hell happened? And what's on your face? Passion fruit sorbet. Good news is: we found the murderer. Ratko Slovic, a Serbian butcher. Robbery gone bad. He confessed and everything.
597	1	Well I did show my face around these parts, you old b*st*rd.  Why, you're some sorta wise guy, huh?  I most certainly am.
963	1	Well, I'm sure she will [calling Son of a BITCH He rushes out. CUT
212	0	Odds  I want evens.  Good.
930	1	 That is pretty cool. Michael, you know how to, um -change a wheel, right? Uh, yeah. Yep. Um... Could somebody grab me the lever, and I will...
322	0	 You know what that was? That was the air releasing from the large intestine. [Sighs] In the biz, we call that "the death bubble." It's pretty cool. Here, you wanna hold it?  No!  Knock knock.
488	1	Really? Oh, its the worst way to propose! (looks strangely shocked) Excuse me... (he leaves, then Phoebe realizes  what she did).
756	0	 Oh, I thought you were listing things.  I was. I'm done.  Okay.
617	0	Lucky shot, then. Daphne, If I didn't know better, I'd think you were trying to hustle me Oh, not at all. I may have played a game or two of feathers in my day.
771	0	What? That's the worst thing I've ever heard Look. You don't understand. What's not to understand. You just said flat out – my chair repulses you
555	1	 I really don't need to look.  What a body. Yeeaahh.. that's for me.  Yeah, and you're just what she's looking for too - a stranger leering through a pair of binoculars ten floors up.
752	0	I'll call you back later, Dorothy. Perhaps we'd better take a moment to regroup. I'd like to apologize for the unusually high number of technical difficulties we've experienced today, and now we will go to these public service messages. Explain yourself
445	1	I really need a moment alone with you.  Not as much as I need a moment alone with you.  Berp. What is this?
105	0	 and, and maybe [again some gestures] she'll see me when she gets there, does this woman intend to spend time with me?  I'd have to say: uuhh, no. [George shows his note-block to Jerry, it says very largely: NO]  [to Claire] So why did she call?
710	0	it was a mistake. But one that can be fixed by all of us being mean to her. How can we do that? She's simply wonderful. This is all pathetic.
247	1	Hey, you want to suck up? Send money Wait, wait, wait, wait, I got another one.What about 'The Lizards'? I hate lizards, they're disgusting. They make my skin crawl. You're an idiot and you don't deserve to live
975	0	 I do not like the bank. I've heard the expression "Laughing all the way to the bank." I have never seen anyone actually doing it. And those bank lines. I hate  ..Thirty-two, thirty-three-  George.
732	0	Yeah. Something came for you, Michael.  Thank you very much.
118	1	As in your brother with the substance abuse problem, Simon? There are other Simons, you know. Simon Templar, Simon Legree... Simon Chipmunk. Not exactly building a case for 'Simon'. How about Jill?
165	0	 Answering machine.  [disappointed] Answering machine. Oh, I hate the idea  What do ya mean?
964	1	Got him. That's how we do things in the nine-nine, Captain. We catch bad guys, and we look good doing it. What's wrong with you?
245	1	 You're not?  I don't slump, people. I opposite slump. I p-muls. That's "slump" backwards, and it's what I do. I p-muls all over this bitch.  Dismissed.
759	0	Hey. We-we lookwe look pretty good. Thats what I was gonna say. Oh nice tan!
997	0	I have a sports bra. No, no, ridiculous. Michael, look.  Missed it...
608	0	What?!  How can I live there?  Why not?!
822	0	Am I on? Yes, go ahead. Can you hear me?
