852	0	Funny how the same people worried about terrorists here give zero shits about the tourists on January 6th
836	0	this is another thing that I absolutely hate about the american legal system.Jail isn't about rehabilitation in this country. It's about punishment, persecution, and making sure they go back over and over again.Granted, there are so people that probably shouldn't be back out in the public. But that's by a vast amount not everyone. If that was the case, other countries would be just as violent with just as many people in jail and they aren't.Clearly shows that jail in this country was designed to be nothing more than a new version of slavery.
280	0	Listening to DeSantis claim that immigrants are causing more covid is sadly hilarious. Mans state has no limitation in place for one, but is also SURROUNDED BY WATER. Are they Georgia immigrants bro?
575	0	You know fucking what, I’m tired of this BS with the GOPs obsession with child porn. All they do is say ‘think of the children’ and then use it as a way to rope and pain the LGBTQ people or allies as pedophials/groomers (look at the ‘Don’t say Gay bill’)If they give such a shit, introduce bills on child porn/human trafficking but (as far as I’m aware) no GOP member has. And it’s because they are full of shit and don’t give a fuck but a talking point.
208	1	Don’t want my opinion on Texas I’m pro choice this is a slap in the fuckin face
609	0	Democrats: How lucky we are to find such a qualified nominee for this prestigious position. Republicans: Child porn exist! Did you know the kids are real kids!? Crime is bad! CRT!!!
932	0	These old fucks look really irritated when she actually uses a little of their time to answer. How dare she.
725	0	She's a class act.If it was me, I'd be taking out my earrings in hopes I could catch his sorry ass outside. Smug fuck.
47	0	"fellow liberal here-- plz help me understand why the term 'houseless' isn't stupid.the first time i heard this term was from my ultra-progressive friend. i am very liberal myself and always open to new ideas. i asked why she used this term and the only justification she could offer was something like ""...makes you think more."" since then i have heard it on NPR a few times, and i have heard marc maron say it, and i'm sure a few more places as well. my friend was right. the term does make me think more. it makes me think about how insufferable my fellow liberals can be with their constantly changing language standards. i am sick to death with this game of sensitivity one-upmanship. this term accomplishes nothing. it sounds like something a person who speaks english as a second language might say. plus, it makes way less sense than homeless, linguistically. a house is a specific type of dwelling. someone living in a condo is technically ""houseless"". i will never say houseless."
985	0	I love how she is handling him. He keeps thinking that he’s making these amazing points and she’s all “no, here’s where you’re wrong.”
337	0	I think we're the only industrialized country who has our level of flag worship. From what I've heard, what we do with our flag is seen as weird by other countries. Perhaps toning down the flag worship overall would be a good idea.
581	0	I didn’t know much about KBJ before this but damn, watching her handle these ridiculous Republican questioning with grace and a steady head, I. Am. Damn. Impressed. Not only does this woman have the academic and professional qualifications for the job she remained calm when I would have called out these dirty hypocrites and told them where they should place their gaping mouths long ago!
155	1	As long as Republicans keep closing ranks and protecting their own treason there will be no law enforcement . The criminals are in charge. The “law and order “ party is now the party of obstruction, hypocrisy, racism, lawless treason, cruelty and childish stupidity.
692	0	This stupid lie that women are having abortion up to 9 months of their pregnancy. That almost never happens. But you know what, they should allow abortions up to 3653 weeks in case John Cornyn's mom wants to do it.
862	0	My understanding of the law comes from Law&Order, I'm so rich I live on a lake, and I don't need to you to answer any of my grandstanding. In short, I'm infinitely unqualified to vet your appointment to the Supreme Court.
790	0	"Kennedy closing out with ""Is crack cocaine more dangerous than powdered cocaine? Asking for a friend"""
572	0	**Todays Hearing is now complete!**Thank you for joining us. The next step in the process will be a Committee vote which is expected to happen on Monday, April 4
241	0	They make sense for the rich which pay for the politicians.
992	0	Friendly reminder, the former guy was friends and partied with child traffic\*ker\* Epstein. The former guy would brag to other men about his travels to east Europe for sex trips, a place where sex slavery is rampant. The former guy walked into the dressing room of Miss Teen America Pageant to get a peek.&#x200B;None of the GOP Senators had much of an issue with the former guy. But here they are going after Judge Jackson like she's somehow a monster when in reality she has fought against predators.
788	0	"Cruz is trying to delay the nomination the same way he tried to delay counting the electoral votes. ""A few more days to look into this"" sounds reasonable on its face but as Durbin points out it is unlikely to change anyone's opinion and has incredible potential for harm if that information is leaked."
980	0	if you bring up dark money in this committee, you are going to get schooled by sen Whitehouse and he is gonna wreck you
498	0	The razorforce offensive on unauthorized tv.com
107	1	"""Hey, sorry our party is actively chainsawing the pillars of democracy. We are gonna keep doing it, but we want you to forgive us for it!""You are a dumbass. Problem for America is Utah might fall for it, then we get another congresperson who whines about cancel culture, simps for a murderer, and wants to privatize the school system. All while supporting the party that actively takes the rights of people away while screaming ""FREEDOM"". You can apologize by withdrawing from consideration and taking a few ethics classes. You seem to lack them."
767	0	"If C-Span could stop putting on racist talking points from Cruz, Graham, Hawley, and the rest of their ilk when they go to their ""earlier today"" replays, that'd be great.People get it. republicans hate minorities."
839	0	We're all in agreement that Cotton's questioning yesterday was an unmitigated disaster right? Like, even the GQP couldn't spin that one right?
931	0	"""I don't want to get into it because you might have factors that can justify the descision"" LOL, dude just said the quiet part out loud"
300	0	Yup, gotta move the goal posts
386	0	The title does say it all.I'm not sure what the OP wants it to say, but it does say it all.
490	0	Louder with Crowder and Timcast IRL
918	0	Hawley is absolutely smart enough and well versed enough in the law to know she’s answered the question but the point is to make her seem evasive, get an answer that they can completely mischaracterize so they can say she’s basically a CP sympathizer. I wish she could say “It’s perhaps not the answer you’re looking for but I have answered the question.”
49	0	In your opinion, what do you think was the major cause of the political party’s divide and how do you think it’s possible to form more unity in this country to form a more perfect Union?I do believe misinformation, addiction to anger, one-sided aggression, refusing to keep an open-mind, fear, narcissism, and the lack of desire to change oneself has been major contributors in this divide.
216	1	How about not doing any of that and stay there and fight? Do everything in your power to get people there ready to vote. If this isn’t stopped now, no state will be safe. The only solution is to vote every single Republican out of office in every level of government. Send a message loud and clear to all politicians-Democrat and Republican, that this behavior is not going to be tolerated. It’s really time for women to put their political differences aside and stand together. Vote while we still can. Vote every single Republican out of office.And how about cutting men off while we’re at it? And the church-all churches. They can go fuck themselves.
887	0	As a university professor, listening to this I’m wondering what it would be like to spend days alternating between yelled at by third graders and being asked legitimate questions by colleagues.
73	0	Black Pride Month?A neo-conservative at my work was bitching about Gay Pride month and then started bitching about Black Pride month. I had to remind him that it’s Black History month. Seriously, life’s too short for so much hate.
125	0	Do you know who my senators are? It's Cruz and Cornyn. Two of the most republican-controlled senators there are.
565	0	Biden really nailed this and I am glad I tuned in. I haven't seen him speak for an extended amount of time in a while and to my ears it sounds like his words are backed by solid strategy, unity, and contingency.
262	1	No. Too many countries out there that hate us that try to disrupt our discourse and destroy us from within. That's the reason so many right wing talking points and propaganda comes from russia, saudia arabia, china, ect.
717	0	Screaming about pedophiles to get the Qanon and pearl clutching vote. Stay classy GQP. This woman is phenomenal and the most qualified nominee we’ve seen for a Supreme court seat in my lifetime.
596	0	"Blumenthal: ""this isn't a coup"" Guy that Sheldon Whitehouse grilled: *aw man :(* EDIT: ""I can fix that"""
669	0	Maybe I’m just pessimistic from everything but it’s hard not to see the panel split 11-11, and a floor vote with Sinema and Manchin does not fill me with much hope.
309	0	I would strive to make that stuff viral. Get out on front of the bong hits or whatever and then make your community better.
803	0	I already liked Ossof for winning in Georgia, but I'm starting to like him more hearing him now. I have to look into more of his stances and see where he lies.
877	0	"""I just want to say to the judge, there's no point in responding, he's going to interrupt her"" Fuck yes Durbin"
848	0	People think this guy is charismatic? He clearly doesn’t listen or respond to anything she says other than shouting over her when she says something that deviates from his narrative
580	0	"There is something kind of refreshing about these SCOTUS hearings, all of them really. It's the one place where you really see the GOP in the Senate go mask off and show what and more importantly WHO they truly stand for: mediocre white men who feel aggrieved by a world that owes them; hating minorities, hating women (REALLY hating women tbh), obsessed with their own sense of victimization by a world that ""hates white men."" Everything else, including cutting taxes for the rich which is just plain old corruption and not a value, is just window dressing for this feeling; the revenge of the mediocre white man is what REALLY gets these guys going. It's why you see the Graham's of the world getting so worked up, this self-victimization feeling is personal for them, and a guy like Kavanaugh was the perfect avatar for who they are."
864	0	If Graham was so worried about her record on this, why did he vote to confirm her to the Circuit Court
447	0	Well, it’s certainly erroneous of you to assume that any entire group of people think in one way, nonetheless that they have a rigorous understanding of the scientific method. The majority of people in this country and the world are not in academia. It stands to reason that at least on some issues, at least some members of some groups, regardless of how correct they are on the majority of issues, are probably not arriving at those conclusions in the same manner. However, I’d also encourage you to introspect, and realize that despite your background, you probably have similar lapses in some areas. I’m presently a university undergraduate, but I don’t pretend that that in any way precludes me making mistakes, or accepting propositions that turn out to be untrue. That said, as I am personally left of center, I would contend that more people on the left have been skeptical in forming their views. I would also question some of the examples you’ve given, as the “crime statistics by race” trope is among the oldest conservative talking points in the book, and is derived from a refusal to consider the systemic factors that actually promote crime such as poverty. In fact, if one actually cares to delve into crime statistics, you’ll find that systemic issues surrounding housing availability and immense wealth disparities primarily causes by past racist social and economic policy are the drivers of crime in many communities of color that are predominantly low income. There is no significant body of research, which I say as someone studying economics, to support the notion that “black culture” is a driver of crime. There is a wealth of research to support the notion that mass incarceration, redlining, differential capital ownership, inaccessibility of loans and financial services, and immense wealth disparities drive crime. People of all political affiliations are capable of irrational thought. The most intelligent people you know likely have unfounded beliefs, as intelligence and education do not preclude irrational thought. It’s important to recall that in political discourse, we evaluate ideas on their merit. We don’t have to agree on every issue with people who are our political allies, and we can engage in dialogue on the points on which we disagree. That dialogue can help expose those lapses in rational thinking that all people have. People having engaged in irrational thought is not a problem; refusal to engage in dialogue, however, is.
484	0	Just focus on equality, not equity.
418	0	There needs to be serious police reform in this country but the dopey “defund the police” slogan was nothing but harmful to the Democratic Party and our candidates. “Defund” has a meaning and you don’t get to change it to suit your bumper sticker.
147	0	>What hope is there, if it failed to be addressed by the court? Is there any chance at all? Because like, I assume it was (unsuccessfully) brought to the supreme court because all other options were exhausted.The court ruled that they wouldn't prevent the law from going into effect because there is no ongoing legal case and the state of Texas is not directly infringing the the rights of women, only providing legal basis and financial incentive for citizen vigilantes to bankrupt their health care providers and supporting organizations. The Texas law was designed to avoid legal review in such a way, and a legitimate court would have landed on the Texas legislature like a ton of bricks for pulling that shit. This illegitimate and activist court did not, which is to be expected because the Federalist society put them there to do exactly this. The Federal government always has standing in Constitutional issues and they don't need an ongoing case. Their request for an injunction and penalties should force the court to review the substance of the law, not wink and nod at this technicality they schemed up.
556	0	What problems does voter ID cause for women? What makes it harder for a woman to get an ID than a man? What about transgender people?
323	0	What the fuck? Politics is not the end of the world. Who gives a fuck who they voted for, hating someone because of politics is an immature and sad way to live your life. Find better friends who can act like actual adults.
37	0	How national elections will look like if you excluded votes from confederate states 46/74 senators would be democrat (62%)The democrats could win the presidency even if they lose Nevada, Arizona, Colorado, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Michigan, New Hampshire, New Mexico, and Pennsylvania.The democrats would almsot always win a majority (50%) and most likely a super majority (60%+) of house seats.I also think this is why Canada is consistently more liberal than the US. If you just took the border states, 7/11 would be democratic/lean democratic.
586	0	Eleanor was giving off the sweetest grandma energy...until she started with this bullshit.Edit: I bet she makes some incredible hate filled cookies tho.
438	0	"I've been looking for some solid info, myself. But right now, it appears that all the complaints about it are based on nothing deeper than ""we're all guilty of racism"", which of course they hate. I did find this for additional info: [https://www.vox.com/22443822/critical-race-theory-controversy](https://www.vox.com/22443822/critical-race-theory-controversy)"
409	0	I'd argue that most of us don't want to see most guns banned, just more stringent regulation. AR-15 and other high-capacity weapons, yeah, ban them. If you want an AR-15, join the fucking military. AR-15s have been the weapon of choice for many mass shooters. I can't see any reason someone needs an AR-15 unless he's going to kill a whole bunch of people. As for handguns, I suppose they can be used for protection.I believe people should be required to register their guns, take gun safety classes at regular intervals (say every two or three years), and have insurance. I'm all for smart guns that only allow the specified user to shoot it. It'll hopefully prevent accidental shootings and people being disarmed and their weapon used against them. I still remember Chris Rock joking that people can have all the guns they want, but bullets will cost you $5,000. So maybe make bullets more expensive?
52	0	Hello American Liberals, would you mind answering a short survey for my online classes?For my online classes, I have to conduct a survey on Americans and public policy. I chose immigration policy as the topic. Would you mind answering the short, 5-question, multiple-choice survey? Thank you for your time! Here's the link: [https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdeJ2ip1knLamRJil3jU50Oto6cz5GCC9tkuSMkvvELXWffVg/viewform?usp=sf\_link](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdeJ2ip1knLamRJil3jU50Oto6cz5GCC9tkuSMkvvELXWffVg/viewform?usp=sf_link)
599	0	The worst part about these cp allegations is that Republicans will forget about the issue as soon as KBJ is nominated. They are literally the ones in charge of creating the rules that led to this issue and they’re the only ones that can change the law to eliminate it. If they truly care so much about this, then why haven’t they done anything about it and why will they refuse to do anything about it after this nomination?
687	0	**Today's Hearing is complete!**Testimony for the Senate Confirmation Hearing for Supreme Court Nominee Ketanji Brown Jackson is now complete Thank you all for joining and participating in the discussion. I look forward to seeing you all again soon! The next step in the process will the Committee vote, which will happen in about 5-7 days. Keep your eye here for details!
879	0	Where's the sergeant of arms to wrangle these child abuse obsessed senators who go past their time limit off the floor?
716	0	"How can these guys say the most vile shit and then following it up with ""You're such a nice person."" What the hell????Thank god Durbin is trying his best to deal with this BS."
243	0	Because it is the golden rule. He who owns the gold sets the rules.
131	0	Let em protest, they have the right to do so. However any violence must be met with the full force of the law!
562	0	Regardless of what party you identify with, if you don't think that Biden has done amazing since the start of this, then we know you're biased.
219	0	Criminal cases are built over years.
95	0	Caring way more about Hillary's emails than the January 6th insurrection.Mitch McConnell. Like, just apologize for him. Especially stealing Merrick Garland's supreme court seat.
808	0	“You have to understand that I like Ted Cruz probably more than my colleagues like Ted Cruz…and I hate Ted Cruz.” - Al Franken and on Rafael Ted Cruz.
82	1	Expect to be vilified by your own party. This kind of post would get you banned from any conservative sub.
696	0	Republicans say systemic racism doesn't exist. Yet these hearings show how a black woman has to be 5x as qualified, be 5x more composed, and put up with 5x more BS to get the same job as Boofy McRoofy.
306	0	If your going to run for office you should have some kind of mentor. A person who has succeeded on the path you plan to tread. That would be the person to ask this question to. Because every politician likely has this fear, and any person that is so squeaky clean that they didn’t do some dumb stuff is suspicious in my eyes too. But a mentor would know the best way to plan for these things and deal with them as they arise.
956	0	The fact this thread slows down each time a Democrat is questioning her because there's actually a substantive discussion going on says a lot
144	0	The federal DOJ going after states for violations is pretty typical, especially for abortion.It's only weird that the DOJ waited until implementation, months after the law was signed.
999	0	Can we please put each and every presidential candidate through this type of public hearing? They don’t have to explain themselves enough.
415	0	Good introductory explanation in this piece from the Austin Texas Tribunehttps://www.texastribune.org/2021/06/22/texas-critical-race-theory-explained/
548	0	Discussion Thread: Confirmation Hearing for Supreme Court Nominee Ketanji Brown Jackson, Day 3 - 03/23/202 | Live 9:00 AM ETJudge Ketanji Brown Jackson testifies at her confirmation hearing to be a Supreme Court justice before the Senate Judiciary Committee. Today is expected to be the final day of testimony.Each Senator will have a 20 minute period of time for questions and answers today. However, two Senators (Tillis and Ossoff) still have to complete their time from yesterday's first round, and will begin the day with their 30 minute times. Order will alternate from Dem to GOP, and follow the [Member List](https://www.judiciary.senate.gov/about/members) below:* Chair Senator Dick Durbin D-IL* Ranking Member Chuck Grassley R-IA* Senator Patrick Leahy D-VT* Senator Lindsey Graham R-SC* Senator Dianne Feinstein D-CA* Senator John Cornyn R-TX* Senator Sheldon Whitehouse D-RI* Senator Mike Lee R-UT* Senator Amy Klobuchar D-MN* Senator Ted Cruz R-TX* Senator Chris Coons D-DE* Senator Ben Sasse R-NE* Senator Richard Blumenthal D-CT* Senator Josh Hawley R-MO* Senator Mazie Hirono D-HI* Senator Tom Cotton R-AR* Senator Cory Booker D-NJ* Senator John Kennedy R-LA* Senator Alex Padilla D-CA* Senator Thom Tillis R-NC* Senator Jon Ossoff D-GA* Senator Marsha Blackburn R-TN---The Hearing is scheduled to begin at 9:00 AM ET. You can watch live online on * [C-Span](https://www.c-span.org/video/?518343-1/confirmation-hearing-supreme-court-nominee-ketanji-brown-jackson-day-3/live)* [Senate Judiciary](https://www.judiciary.senate.gov/meetings/the-nomination-of-ketanji-brown-jackson-to-be-an-associate-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-day-3)
4	0	Noticed something interesting about the Maricopa audit presentationI noticed something interesting in the Ben Cotton presentation from the audit. they indicted these questionables url's that the voting equipment was supposed to have accessed that they said indicated there was a wireless network up and running, but the logs actually link it to a Canon MF210 printer from what I discovered looking through canon's website and documentation.[https://imgur.com/a/GvBTeyJ](https://imgur.com/a/GvBTeyJ)
704	0	Im tired of the Democrats having to be the adults in the room while the GOP acts like a bunch of racist homophobic peckerwoods. Im tired of Donald Trump getting a pass for behavior my 8 year old wouldnt get away with.
707	0	">""Senator, can you please let her respond?"">""No.""I really think this exchange, in a nutshell, shows just how terrible a person Rafael Cruz is."
143	0	Biden tells his information publicly anyway. No need to ask.
269	0	"""Republicans and liberals""?What kind of a question is *that?*"
926	0	Do these people really think that implying someone committed a crime automatically makes them a criminal?
479	0	Looking at UT, AK, and ME
284	1	Republicans are known for blaming everyone but themselves . What’s odd is immigrants are mainly infecting non-vaccinated republicans it’s a conspiracy !
889	0	GQP really going off about underage pictures; beyond Gaetz and TFG [and Cruz with a convicted sex offender](https://i.redd.it/dr81eth3q6p81.jpg), anyone remember when Kellyanne Conway posted an inappropriate picture of her own underage daughter, apparently to retaliate against her for being too liberal?
951	0	"Nothing says ""I am an entitled white man"" like a sitting Senator snakily asking a Black woman if she agrees with MLK's dream of living in a world where people are judged by their character not the color of their skin.What a complete & total POS"
294	1	A (conservative) court here in Texas told Abbott where he could shove his order that state troopers should pull over cars with brown people in them to stop Covid or. As oppsed to pushing vaccines ( that hypocrite got his early) and at least allowing local communities to mandate masks
950	0	"Jackson: ""As we know from Article 6 of the Constitution there is no religious test laid out for public office""Lindsay Graham: ""Well you won't find any from me (laughing).""2 breaths later-""On a scale of 1-10 how would you relate the status if your current faith?"""
13	0	Politicians threatening violenceI read an article about a US House of Rep for Macon, NC saying Biden wasn't really elected and people need to be taking up arms against their fellow Americans and have another Jan 6th.I am trying to find out how this isn't illegal? If I threaten to overthrow the government, wouldn't I be charged with insurrection? If I urged people to violence, wouldn't I be charged with inciting violence?Why can I be charged with all of these things if I did it but politicians and media personalities don't?
705	0	She's really been amazing through this. Why Conservatives felt the same way about ACB is beyond me.Her nomination and this process, and watching her deal with the QOP with grace and patience has made me feel something in me that I haven't felt in a long time as an American: Pride. She is what our side strives to be. Unfortunately this means we take restraint and lose a lot of battles...my only hope is that we win in the long-run. We need to reject and ignore the premises behind every one of the Right's talking points and not give anyone acting in bad faith the chance to spew their nonsense. If we're lucky, the Right-wing Media Machine will go back to talking about brown suits and mustard while we vote our asses off.A man can dream. In the meantime, send us more like her, Biden. In every branch of government! Biden's a Redditor, right?
515	0	More of radio show but check out Lars Larson
751	0	Just want to add, Cruz said this during ACB’s hearing:“And the topics they (Democrats) are discussing today have little bearing to the rights that are really at issue and in jeopardy at the Supreme Court.”It’s almost like SCOTUS rarely hears individual cases about criminal law. But hey I’m just a Reddit guy.
356	0	I've been flying it upside down ever since Trump took office. It's still upside down. Or country is in distress. We need systemic change.
121	0	So... They thought a printer was a wireless router's gateway?
621	0	Honestly she's overqualified for this. I hope she gets in with a landslide vote just to make the Rs look even more stupid.
909	0	Some day I will start a blog on all the judges Mitch has forced through and where they come from. The Federalist Society knows more about the nominees than anybody in Congress does.
895	0	I wish we could have a Presidential selection process that requires 10% of the thoughtfulness and mental acuity that is required of SC nominees. Even when the Senators are bringing up subjects with little relevance to her record, she is still giving a thoughtful and thorough legal analysis.
983	0	"LMAO Klobuchar bringing up Ted Cruz's former employer's letter of support of Jackson ""as a segue to Senator Cruz."" Her Minnesota passive-aggression on full display, lol 😂"
472	0	Does anyone know of any conservative perspective on 'Ethics in AI''Ethics is AI' is this huge push by leftists to bias AI systems with their racial equity and other marxist garbage. I am looking for a conservative who has argued against 'Ethics in AI' so I can use it in arguments against leftists.Couldn't find something with a quick google search.Thanks you.
477	0	Inb4 Mittens gets easily re-elected anyway in Mormon country.
863	0	In related news: >New - Justice Thomas absent from Supreme Court arguments for third straight day. Chief Justice Roberts again says Thomas will participate using briefs/transcript. He has been hospitalized since Friday evening with what the court described Sunday as an infection.https://twitter.com/GregStohr/status/1506633043381006342
955	0	Holy crap. Mr. Whitehouse NEEDS to put together an ELI5 we can send around. Money needs to be taken out of politics!
295	1	They're already moving to its the Democrats fault.
729	0	“Judge Jackson can you explain to me how in season 1 episode 6 of game of thrones, when Daenerys eats a horse heart how that led to the blm riots we saw over the summer? Also where in the world is Carmen Sandiego?” - Tillis
378	0	it's the flag of a colonizing, white supremacist empire. I haven't flown it for awhile and I never will again. I don't plan on celebrating the 4th ever either, outside of celebrating the occasion of a day off work.
641	0	Ironic that the only people giving a fuck about CRT and people with questionable family history 150+ years ago.
753	0	I’m sure this was already posted but this tweet about a reporter behind Cruz who said he could actually see Cruz searching himself on Twitter on his phone after his heated exchange with Durbin is beyond hilarious [https://twitter.com/kentnish/status/1506726637412532228?s=21 ](https://twitter.com/kentnish/status/1506726637412532228?s=21) Cruz’ “questioning” of her, however, was far from that.
58	1	How Trump Mishandled the US Response to COVID-19 and Became a Mass MurdererWhile China certainly owes the world a detailed and honest account of the origins of COVID-19, China is in no way responsible for how the Trump Administration dealt, or didn’t deal with, the virus. That is totally on Trump.Reuters: The Trump Administration knew about the virus from late December 2019/early January 2020 and kept it secret. No stepped up production of test kits, no pressure to find a cure/vaccine, no warnings to the population. People have died and will die because of these criminal activities.Exclusive: White House told federal health agency to classify coronavirus deliberations - sources https://www.reuters.com/article/us-health-coronavirus-secrecy-exclusive-idUSKBN20Y2LM“The Obama administration opened 49 overseas offices of the Centers for Disease Control, designed to proactively prevent viruses from reaching pandemic proportions. Over the objections of medical experts within his own administration, Trump shut down 39 of them. One of these satellite CDC offices was in China.” https://www.salon.com/2020/03/07/the-right-wanted-to-destroy-the-administrative-state-coronavirus-is-why-we-need-it/In 2018, the Trump administration fired the government’s entire pandemic response chain of command, including the White House management infrastructure. In numerous phone calls and emails with key agencies across the U.S. government, the only consistent response I encountered was distressed confusion. https://foreignpolicy.com/2020/01/31/coronavirus-china-trump-united-states-public-health-emergency-response/Snopes: Did Trump Administration Fire the US Pandemic Response Team? True https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/trump-fire-pandemic-team/AP: Trump disbanded NSC pandemic unit that experts had praised https://apnews.com/ce014d94b64e98b7203b873e56f80e9aTrump did not “ban” travel from China. Fact Check: The Facts on Trump’s Travel Restrictions https://www.factcheck.org/2020/03/the-facts-on-trumps-travel-restrictions/As of early April 2020, 430,000 People Traveled From China to U.S. Since Coronavirus Surfaced and Over 40,000 since Trump Announced his “Travel Ban” https://www.nytimes.com/2020/04/04/us/coronavirus-china-travel-restrictions.html?referringSource=articleShareTrump spent the first 2 years of his presidency slashing the government agencies responsible for handling the coronavirus outbreak https://www.businessinsider.com/trump-cuts-programs-responsible-for-fighting-coronavirus-2020-2?ampTrump Administration Axed Disease Expert In China Whose Job Was To Spot Pandemics, Reuters Reports https://www.inquisitr.com/5957641/trump-administration-axed-disease-expert-china/Washington Post: US intelligence warned Trump in January and February 2020 as he dismissed coronavirus threat. (He was first warned already as early as November 2019. See below.) https://edition.cnn.com/2020/03/20/politics/us-intelligence-reports-trump-coronavirus/A Complete List of Trump’s Attempts to Play Down Coronavirus, as of March 2020 https://www.nytimes.com/2020/03/15/opinion/trump-coronavirus.htmlThe missing six weeks: how Trump failed the biggest test of his life https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2020/mar/28/trump-coronavirus-politics-us-health-disasterA Timeline of Trump's Press Briefing Lies, as of early 2020 https://thebulwark.com/a-timeline-of-trumps-press-briefing-lies/?ampTrump Knew About The Coronvirus For 70 Days And Did Nothing https://www.politicususa.com/2020/04/04/trump-knew-about-the-coronvirus-for-70-days-and-did-nothing.htmlPresident Trump Is So Upset About This Ad Showing His Failed Handling Of COVID-19 That He Demanded It Be Taken Down https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20200325/22300244175/president-trump-is-so-upset-about-this-ad-showing-his-failed-handling-covid-19-that-hes-demanding-it-be-taken-down.shtmlThe ‘Red Dawn’ Emails: 8 Key Exchanges on the Faltering Response to the Coronavirus https://www.nytimes.com/2020/04/11/us/politics/coronavirus-red-dawn-emails-trump.htmlHow Trump and His Team Covered Up the Coronavirus in Five Days https://www.nytimes.com/2020/04/28/opinion/coronavirus-trump-coverup.htmlIntelligence report warned of coronavirus crisis as early as November 2019: Sources https://abcnews.go.com/amp/Politics/intelligence-report-warned-coronavirus-crisis-early-november-sources/story?id=70031273“Analysts concluded it could be a cataclysmic event”.See the full video and transcript of Trump suggesting disinfectant might be injected as a coronavirus cure. Https://www.businessinsider.com/trump-suggests-infecting-disinfectant-video-transcript-2020-4?ampTrumps own State Department blamed swarms of online, false personas’ from Russia for wave of coronavirus misinformation online https://www.washingtonpost.com/technology/2020/03/05/state-department-face-fresh-questions-senate-about-coronavirus-misinformation-online/In short, Trump lied and hundreds of thousands died. He is a cold blooded mass murderer.
798	0	All I'm getting from these hearings is that republicans want to live in some weird handmaid's tale dystopia.
371	0	Although I do not agree with your prospective I do respect it and say we are not all weirdos and crazies
271	0	Yes, if another power tries to invade our shores. Neighbors will put aside their differences and shit on whatever is plaguing us. Immediately getting back to each other’s throats when all is said and done
974	0	Just setting aside their political views, the quality of the nominees Democrats put forward is just outstanding.
169	1	Honestly, it is unusual to see a Republican who is paying attention. Most just happily buy into the gaslighting. I suggest you read the Mueller Report if you have the time, it is outright proof of how deceptive and manipulative Republicans have been.
239	0	Rich people, bribe lawmakers, to make laws, that allow them to do that. Eat the rich or eat the lawmakers,,, same thing. Make a choice, or be eaten.
207	1	MOST importantly: make sure you are registered to vote (don’t assume anything, insane voter suppression is also the law in Texas now) and VVVVVOOOOTTTTEEEE!!!! I’m so pissed at the brain dead non voters of Texas (yes, fellow Latinos, I’m talking about you!)
358	0	I bought a flag the instant Biden was declared the winner. Now I have several, flew a Pride flag all June.
874	0	How nice of Sen Cruz to insult every woman in America while also making the point of just how worthless he sees women as being.
600	0	"Grandma: ""I help women who are struggling with pregnancy vs abortion. Therefore no one should give in to abortion because I, one person, help women in my one state."""
509	0	Not the best, and he’s local to New England, but the Gerry Callahan show is one of my favorites
434	0	Some of that is addressed in this piecehttps://www.texastribune.org/2021/06/22/texas-critical-race-theory-explained/
585	0	The republican attacks on Jackson during her hearing the last few days have made *Maury* and *Jerry Springer* seem like high-class affairs.
34	1	Conservative sub checkI went to check the conservative sub and see what they were saying about the Delta variant and wooooohooooo was THAT a mistake! It was: that's not science, they want our freedoms, that wasn't an insurrection, people don't want to work, that wasn't an insurrection, the media is in bed with China, and ya know what I think someone may have mentioned that wasn't an insurrection. All regarding an article about skyrocketing covid numbers. Seriously, there's got to be an easy button somewhere! 🙄
634	0	>Alessandra Serano of the anti-trafficking organization Operation Underground Railroad.Can't wait for the questions this person is there to answer :|
433	0	WWE...and it's exactly like that and people who believe raslin is real...are trumps base
311	0	I'm sorry..... now?It's been like that for a long time.
701	0	Anyone having a late term abortion is already having the worst time of their lives. They don't need more bullshit to deal with.
475	0	Are Libertarians just as bad Liberals?I’ve actually tried to debate with Libertarians. And through my experience they seem to have the same type of immaturity, intolerance, and talking points as liberals and actually defend liberal talking points most of the time. What do you guys think?
331	1	My mother is this. She’s uneducated, spoiled and full of ignorance and baseless anger because she was too lazy to ever do anything with herself and thought someone should just always take care of her. I don’t really speak to her because she’s a toxic person. I’m an RN. She won’t get vaccinated. Trumper Thumper. Can’t stand it.
473	0	Biden's pursuit of Venezuelan oil while shunning US energy and Keystone XL slammed: 'climate craziness' The Biden administration has flirted with lifting [oil](https://www.foxbusiness.com/category/oil) sanctions on once-shunned Venezuela to temper surging oil prices, yet it appears unwilling to encourage investment in domestic energy production. Critics slammed this move in comments to Fox News Digital. [https://www.foxbusiness.com/energy/biden-venezuela-oil-while-shunning-us-energy-companies-keystone](https://www.foxbusiness.com/energy/biden-venezuela-oil-while-shunning-us-energy-companies-keystone)
615	0	Why are so many Republican Senators so very interested in being able to legally discriminate at a state-by-state basis or on religious grounds?The only right that seems to matter is their right to discriminate against others instead of people's rights to exist and be left alone.
7	1	Still waiting to see this headline:“Fourth liberal talk show host dies of Coronavirus Vaccine.” - note: this is supposed to be sarcastic since four anti-vax, conservative talk show hosts have now died from COVID.
421	0	A few bad apples kill people of color. If we can’t put a stop to this then we have to retrain police and defund them as a last measure. If you’re racist you don’t belong in the police force. I grew up back when blacks and whites were supporting civil rights, and it seems like the racism now is even worse than it was. There’s nothing wrong with all lives matter, they do. However we seem to have pushed aside the rights of people of color and that’s why people need to be aware of it. That’s why blm exists. It has nothing to do with party it has to do with human rights. Spread the propaganda somewhere else about trying to destroy the democratic party. Trump made racists feel okay. Call us all the names that strike your fancy but we must and will put an end to the stupidity of racism. Covid didn’t give a damn what color we were. It killed everyone. Only by coming together did we begin to fight this. Use your head.
266	0	no.& not bc I wont try
56	0	Is this offensive?I have been told by someone who is NOT Egyptian that this product is offensive, but my Egyptian friends don't think so. what is Reddit opinion.https://augustapparel.com/product/limited-edition-egyptian-whole-cuts/
384	0	What is america best at? What makes america greater than any other country?
183	0	Welcome, we knew you make it here sooner or later.
391	0	My position is, ban people not guns. Certain people shouldn't have guns or be able to sell them. Sorry for the people that have a sob story (you may have only beaten your wife a little) but you may have to go to court to get it back.Then leave the rest of us alone.
871	0	Cornyn is telegraphing what's coming next. The republicans are coming after contraception next, first through removing health insurance coverage mandates then by allowing states to individually eliminate them. The ultimate goal is subjugation of women.
200	1	You have more rights in those red states then you will ever dream of in your commy states. Yeah they don’t want you to suck babies out of the womb with a vacuum cleaner. Yeah sure took a lot of rights away there.
100	1	My biggest gripe is the insistence on blurring the line between government and religion. 99% of Congressional Republicans are Christian. Their Evangelical base is constantly catered to on issues like lgbt rights or abortion, where they care not for something’s popularity, scientific reasoning, or even compassion (and who the laws will affect, like little trans girls being forced to use bathrooms with men, or women dying because they couldn’t access a medically-necessary abortion)The party lacks empathy and uses the Bible to justify it. It’s shameful. I don’t care if the Bible condemns gays (which itself is arguable), America is not a theocracy. If I’m not Christian, why am I expected to accept “because god said so” as justification for a legal decision?
59	1	Fourth of July - sad about 🇺🇸I grew up conservative for my first 25 years. The last 25 years I have been very progressive. Though I understand and am disgusted by much of our history- I am still grateful to live in the US. The other day I was heading out to store and told my daughter (13yrs) that I was going to pick up a flag for the 4th. She said “no dad, that will make us look like Trump voters.”I said I wanted to reclaim the flag from the maga crazies. That they don’t and shouldn’t own it. I told her I would fly a rainbow flag and that that along with the BLM sign on our lawn would help shift people’s mindset that only MAGA weirdos fly the flag. Thoughts? How do you feel about the flag now that it has become politicized?
494	0	Michael Knowles ShowLowder with Crowder
894	0	I didn’t think anyone could ask more irrelevant questions than Cotton yesterday. Tillis proved me wrong.
146	0	It's not 'Bidens legal team'.. it's the U.S. Department of Justice that is suing the State of TX..This isn't an authoritarian state, yet...
685	0	Honestly, kinda surprised Paul Ryan isn't on the witness list to give Republicans what for. Especially since he'd be material as a witness.
396	0	"Gun control is an absolute necessity. I'd prefer that people not have access to high capacity guns of any kind. As Pres Biden put it: ""Why do you need machine guns? Are deer wearing kevlar?"""
893	0	Tillis went full asshat when he seemingly blamed her for high recitivism rates, while he sits in a position of power that allows him to actually address the issue, but doesn’t because he’s beholden to a party that’s hellbent on sabotaging any real progress, whether it be concerning criminal justice or any general issue.
316	0	True. But also HYPOCRISY. Contradicting themselves. It’s a super power at this point. The average American has the political memory of a goldfish.
176	0	I didn’t leave the Republican Party. The Republican Party left me.
180	0	Welcome. We're a big tent and we're chronically dysfunctional because of it, but you'll get used to that.
834	0	"Hawley: ""In United States v. Stewart, the criminal possessed thousands of images of child porn and also hoped to travel across state lines to abuse a 9-year-old girl. The Guidelines called for a sentence of 97-121 months. Judge Jackson sentenced the criminal to just 57 months.""^ Jackson issued a sentence above probation's recommendation of 42 months.Hawley: ""In United States v. Cooper, in which the criminal had more than 600 images and videos and posted many on a public blog, the Guidelines called for a sentence of 151-188 months. Judge Jackson settled on 60 months, the lowest possible sentence allowed by law.""^ The government and probation both recommended sentences well below the guidelines in this case. The government recommended 72 months, probation recommended 60 months, and defense recommended 60 days. Jackson issued a sentence consistent with probation's recommendation of 60 months.Hawley: ""In United States v. Chazin, the offender had 48 files of child porn, which he had accessed over a period of years. The Guidelines recommended 78-97 months. Judge Jackson gave him 28.""^ Jackson issued a sentence consistent with probation's recommendation of 28 months.Hawley: ""In United States v. Downs, the perp posted multiple images to an anonymous instant messaging app, including an image of a child under the age of 5. The Guidelines recommended 70-87 months. Judge Jackson gave him the lowest sentence allowed by law, 60 months.""^ Jackson issued a sentence consistent with probation's recommendation of 60 months.What Hawley is going for, is purely an appeal to the programmed, visceral emotional reaction that people in the U.S. experience, any time the term ""sex offender"" is uttered. Everyone agrees that someone who touches kids needs to be removed from society at large, but the sheer magnitude of irrational fear and rage that American conservatives feel at even the hypothetical POSSIBILITY of a child being molested, is something that's remarkably easy to weaponize, as Hawley so masterfully demonstrates. Moral absolutism is the basis for much of their belief system; yet it has no place in a court of law. Judges are not supposed to hand out sentences fueled by their own personal emotional reaction to a crime. (they're also not supposed to inflict as much pain and suffering on a convict as possible for the sake of political points, regardless of how much the perp may deserve it). They're supposed to make judgements based off the evidence, context, and arguments made in court. Nothing in Jackson's record indicates that she's done anything short of fulfilling her duties."
766	0	Someone tell Blackburn that part of Jackson's judicial oath was to uphold the constitution.Jfc lady. Talk about disingenuous.
19	0	Texas and Florida are to the United States, as China and Russia are to the world.A couple of tyrannical leaders stripping rights away from their citizens.
806	0	Abortion, biological female, gay marriage…He just needs to mention CRT and I’ll get B-I-N-G-O on my confirmation hearing buzzword card.
68	0	🥳. There is no world in which this is bad newsNYTimes https://www.nytimes.com/2021/06/25/us/derek-chauvin-22-and-a-half-years-george-floyd.html
795	0	For a party that likes to crow about the Constitution and the Bill of Rights: every time they ask constitutional questions, they seem eager to show that they don't have a clue how the Constitution works.Shit, yesterday Graham went off about how horrible it was for Jackson's assigned clients to have a fair and speedy trial—which is literally the Sixth Amendment.
453	0	Typical conservative to think that other people receiving something (respect) somehow hurts them in some way. If the person had a month dedicated to being selfish and systemically hurting minorities and women, they would be out celebrating.
231	0	"The first thing the rentiers rent is politicians. Then the discrimination against workers starts. Since workers get a disproportionate share of their income from wages, it is taxed to provide government services, most of which benefits the wealthy since helping the workers is cast as expensive. War contracts are deemed necessary, not inflated. In the USA, bribing politicians (called lobbying), is a tax deductible business expense with the highest ROI of anything a business can spend on. Since businesses do not collect wages and exec wages are a pittance of total compensation, taxing wages is a 3-way, win. Keeps workers poor, war funded and the politicians ""lobbied."""
616	0	I heard US senator Ted Cruz likes to piss his pants because he likes the warm wet feeling between his legs.
53	1	Would you prefer an entirely liberal government, or a balanced liberal/conservative one?Before you answer, I'm suggesting that any and all corrupt politicians are immediately kicked out. I'm from Australia, and there's a major issue with our conservative party in that most of the people in it aren't running on political ideology, they are only after money and power and accept campaign donations and free gifts/lunches from rich corporate sponsors and foreign contracting/construction companies, for which they receive tax cuts and exclusive building deals/mineral rights etc. I know the US has its fair share of corrupt politicians, but what I'm questioning is that imagine no one in office was corrupt, or just there because they only care about money from seedy places. Now, would you mind if this government contained a wide range of political ideologies including conservative and liberal politicians. Or would you prefer that it's 100% liberal/progressive politicians only?
246	0	Wait a minute. The same tax rate applies to labor income and interest and dividends.I think you are confusing interest and dividend income with capital gains income which is taxed at a lower rate. Did you want to rephrase your question?
913	0	“Liberals at colleges are too mean to ~~fascists~~ conservatives. Can you make a law that says they have to be nice to me?”
709	0	The smirk before she absolutely stomped on his talking point by telling him to read 2 more sentences down. LOVE IT!
814	0	Corey Booker will be invited onto left-wing media outlets tonight to talk about the inspirational speech he is currently giving...Ted Cruz and Josh Hawley will be invited on Fox News and OAN to talk about...child pornography.
23	0	Trump and Mr Pillow Don't care about the 2020 election anymore. Maybe what they're trying to do is convince enough people that it will be okay to try and steal the 2024 election. Lindell's whole argument looks like nonsense to us. Maybe it's a diversion.Maybe we're not seeing thier future plan correctly because we assume that they are stupid and that they will fail.
336	0	As liberal and progressive voters we work hard to help America live up to its highest ideals and make it better for everyone. My truck has BLM and LGBTQ ally decals next to one of the American flag, and I fly the US flag on every patriotic holiday. I don't ignore America's faults, but I will never let those racist MAGA fascists take my country or my flag.
570	0	So, Biden said himself that sanctions do nothing but we will keep doing them anyways hoping it works out.All that economic pain at home and abroad is effectively for nothing, great.
811	0	Just say y’all wanna look at child porn and go. So sick of this questioning. She made her decision and y’all will deal. No, you will not have access to the entire case, pervs. At least I think that’s what happening, right? The GOP wants to see the porn?
481	0	What is your objection to her?
113	0	"Trump. The idea that a party so historically tied to Christian values would choose the least Christian, bottom of the barrel example of morality to lead the party... it just blows my mind. Secondly, stop picking and choosing which values should be upheld and which to ignore. Invoking ""my body, my choice"" for vaccines, but not for abortion is absurd. Being against gay marriage, but accepting infidelity, fornication and divorce as somehow less sinful? This comes across rather harshly, I'll wrap it up by saying ""thank you"" for this gesture. It means more than you know. It's tiring to be governed by a group of representatives who do not truly represent what Americans want and value. We shouldn't let the extremism of either party dictate our inability to govern. I'm a life long D, but this platform would get my vote."
168	1	Me too, 30 years of voting republican, and now they have lost their minds. No republican will ever get my vote again.
762	0	We put these Justices through intense questioning but all our Presidents have to do is yell at TV reporters. Maybe we should rethink that.
362	0	I think it's a great idea! But personally I don't want to use it until I feel proud of my country. I am proud of some of the progress I've seen in my life though so I think I will be one day.
697	0	"> Packing the Supreme Court could lower the trust of the American people for the court.Dude, if you think ""packing the court"" would lower trust in SCOTUS, lemme tell you a story about how the Rs refused to let a D president nominate a Justice and then rammed through another two Justices when they got the chance."
730	0	Did anyone else see that little smile she gave Tillis while he tries to stop her from checking him? That was the smile of a person who is fed-the-hell-up but has the grace and intelligence to rise above this BS.
543	0	Hopefully all of the cops refuse to protect him.
25	0	What is your opinion regarding the handcuffing of the African-American realtor and his clients in Michigan?* To be clear, I am not making any judgements or assumptions; I just want to hear what others think about it.* Specifically1. Do you believe the officers acted appropriately in the situation with the information they had? Why or why not?2. Is there anything you think should have been done differently?3. Do you agree with the department’s decision regarding their officers? Why or why not?
289	0	They and their constituents have the nerve to claim immigrants are a danger to the U.S. while they've been refusing to get vaccinated, fighting mask requirements for everyone's safety and ignoring social distancing requests.*They* are the ones that should be deported or jailed as a danger to America.
197	1	The right is extremely disorganized (whips in the house and senate that can't count votes; leaders that are afraid of their followers; a public image of being insane and entitled) but they control so much of society that we still can't win
11	0	Question about POTUS Legal team response to Texas Abortion lawJust saw how Biden’s legal team is gonna challenge the Texas abortion law. That’s great naturally, because that law is abusive. However, It gave me some questions that you smart folk may be able to awnser.1) What hope is there, if it failed to be addressed by the court? Is there any chance at all? Because like, I assume it was (unsuccessfully) brought to the supreme court because all other options were exhausted.2) Is there precedent for this? I assume presidents have a big legal teams, but the idea of a president going in and actively fighting a state law with their own lawyers seems kind of really weird. I don’t know what I think about it, even if it’s on the right side. But if this practice has been going on for quite some time then I would be better off knowing so.
988	0	"Well, she hasn't screamed ""I love beer!"" yet so she's already more qualified than the past two nominees"
628	0	**personally opinion here,** but there is no importance on religious liberty. all this is an attempt by republicans to have a chance to go after same sex marriage.&#x200B;and democrats will let them.
233	0	To encourage investments.
734	0	"Conservatives love ᴄrying bitter tearꜱ over being vilified for their ""different political views"" — which aren't political views but actually just different views on basic human decency, morals, ethics, civil rights, human rights...You're just not gᴏᴏd people. Your deplᴏrable views are incompatible with a healthy and functional society. That's why yᴏu're vilified. That's why everyone despises you."
655	0	Suddenly every conservative online remembers learning about the Dred Scott case in 8th grade. This hearing is a shit show to misconstrue anything judge Jackson says to make her seem1. Dumb/ uneducated 2. Wants to punish white people for being white3. Wants to spread Marxism or socialism 4. Is dishonest All for soundbites and talking points for tucker Carlson, conservative radio etc.
242	0	It's supposed to encourage investing. Whether or not it does is another matter lol.
276	0	Thanks for all the comments. I did a post on the republican reddit as well to gather more info from both sides. To me it seems that unity is not gonna happen soon.
77	0	"Gee, is it, ""Flags are again at half staff"" or is it, ""Flags are still at half staff.Gun violence in 6 states this weekend brings US mass shootings to 272 so far this yearhttps://www.cnn.com/2021/06/12/us/us-mass-shootings/index.html"
916	0	The Supreme Court does not do any sentencing, so this line of questioning is wildly irrelevant, aside from being ridiculously loaded by a bloviating piece of shit.
698	0	It breaks my heart that she is tearing up at someone actually praising her for her extraordinarily amazing accomplishments after being accused of being soft on child pornography & a protector of terrorists by a bunch of frightened Republican white men (and M Blackburn).
444	0	Liberals will whine anyway while burning down their communities
594	0	Oh my fucking god did she just quote Mandela, mention CP (drink!), and share that her org is named the underground railroad?
67	1	Where does the right demonize critical race theory?I'm looking for a specific post/link I'd seen a couple of weeks ago where someone very clearly laid out the methods by which right wing media were going to demonize critical race theory. Specifically someone was describing how they would redefine 'critical race theory' to mean any controversial subject brought up by the political left in such a way that they could dismiss it by mischaracterizing it and then hand-waving it away as more 'critical race theory.' I saw this, but now that I'm trying to pin down the source I'm having trouble finding it.
89	1	What is this accomplishing? Starting off your campaign with an apology instantly makes you seem meek.You’re not going to win over Democrats and you’re instantly ostracizing yourself from Republicans. Are you trying to lose on purpose?
393	0	I'm a lib. I like to shoot beer bottles with a .22 when camping. I like a shotgun for home protection.outlaw high capacity magazines. register all firearms, license all owners. require training and insurance. limit personal/household arsenals. outlaw 22nd century laser and plasma disintegration weapons before someone claims its what the founders intended.
154	1	Exactly. We need to see life ruining sentences for Jan. 6 traitors. There are a absolutely laws on the books for insurrection and sedition. The Democrats need to stop screwing around. Slow walking and soft peddling is extremely dangerous right now.
673	0	https://i.imgur.com/4bFWiyz.jpgTaako is so over all of the pointless questioning from the GOP recently. It’s genuinely made them seem stupid and petty.
417	0	It seems to vary depending who you ask
299	0	A lot of them do. If you watch foxnews everyday you will believe that a giant horde of dirty, covid infected migrants is waiting just on the other side of the border
726	0	“I’m not gonna let anyone in the senate steal my joy” …that was really sweet. I think that got to her 🥲
199	0	Alabama is Armenia just kinda there but equally terrible and way hotter
510	0	Some names I don't see mentioned, but are worth note are the Hodge twins, and Dave Ruben, for some reason.
39	0	Trumps financial debt to RussiaTrump’s massive Deutsche Bank loans were backed by Russia, says son of bank executivehttps://www.frontpagelive.com/2020/01/03/son-of-deutsche-bank-exec-says-trumps-massive-loans-were-backed-by-russia/The Fall Of Trump Tower Moscow And Rise Of The Rosneft Dealhttps://hillreporter.com/fall-trump-power-rise-rosneft-deal-17323How Russian money helped save Trumps businesseshttps://foreignpolicy.com/2018/12/21/how-russian-money-helped-save-trumps-business/Eric Trump in 2014: 'We have all the funding we need out of Russia'https://thehill.com/homenews/news/332270-eric-trump-in-2014-we-dont-rely-on-american-banks-we-have-all-the-funding-weBank account used for Trump’s hush money payments got cash linked to Russian oligarch: Andrew Weissmannhttps://www.rawstory.com/2020/09/bank-account-used-for-trumps-hush-money-payments-got-cash-linked-to-russian-oligarch-andrew-weissmann/
206	0	If you guys can, please consider volunteering as an escort at clinics in the area and surrounding states. ❤️
530	0	"I find that many who label themselves a ""libertarian"" do so as a default because they don't want to identify as a liberal/Democrat, conservative/Republican, or as a wishy washy independent. However, they don't have a grasp of the history, philosophy, or principles of Libertarianism."
943	0	"""Does free speech apply to both conservative and liberal protestors?""what she really wanted to say instead "" Is this a serious fucking question?"""
446	0	This is weird. I can't see any of the comments on this post. Am I being suppressed?
482	0	Lol. Imagine they create and anti racist A.I. And it hunts down democrats.
525	0	Libertarian here. What do you want to talk about?
768	0	On the surface it looks like Judge Jackson is struggling to answer Coryns questions Re: Roe, but the real takeaway should be that the Supreme Courts jurisprudence on abortion is absolute nonsense and not something they should be ever ruling on.Abortion should be codified as a right, full stop. Stop leaving the issue up to 9 lawyers in robes.
635	0	Nice. Love the shade in that woman's answer throughout her testimony. Would have loved to see Cruz take on that panel.
267	1	I wish we could give the confederate flag waving idiots secession. Let them go their own way and see how far they get before they realize how much better off they are because of scientists and immigrants. How much they benefit from the social net that almost all of them rely on. They want to have their cake and eat it too. It’s so frustrating and disheartening.
370	0	I don't fly one. I don't feel the need. I'm a veteran, I love my country, but it's not that important. And like your daughter think it would give the wrong impression.
915	0	LOVE her refusal to dignify this bullshit with a response after having responded to them 239233 times.
678	0	Do these character witnesses have anything to do with Judge Jackson? I'm confused why this pro baby lady is on this panel
837	0	TIL that Justice Jackson is responsible for recidivism in the US. The logical endpoint of Tillis' argument is that to eliminate recidivism, we must confer life sentences to all crimes lest they threaten public safety once more.
967	0	I wish more conservatives would realize that the much lauded Founding Fathers weren't actually mythical demigods who delivered the Constitution on stone tablets direct from the divine. They were regular men who had ideas, often conflicting ideas; who debated, and argued, and compromised. They wrote a set of rules for writing laws based on what they thought were the best ideas of the time, but they were in no way infallible. Originalism is just a form of magical thinking.
559	0	When you say there's been a surge of new voting bills, which states have recently passed new or stricter voter ID legislation?
842	0	Cornyn is essentially proving that literally every legal decision could be theoretically scrutinized by using freedom of religion as an excuse to overturn it. Abortion, vaccines, and even basic freedoms can be countered by saying that someone against it simply has to say that it's against their religious beliefs. Freedom of religion being protected has allowed pragmatic religious people to claim that something they simply don't like is suddenly an affront to their religion.
568	0	Biden mentioned China's economic ambitions with Western trade, but he did not mention the fact that China seeks to conduct much of that trade over railroads through Russia.
293	0	My parents just told me that the virus is Biden’s fault because he “threw the gates open@ at the border and is allowing “all the unvaccinated Mexicans” in.
878	0	"This is the most childish shit I ever seen. ""no! it's my time, it's not fair! Answer my questions! I know you are but what am I!"""
109	1	It’s a vanishingly small step. Why bother at all? I’m 61 and during my lifetime republican politicians have tried hard to never do the right thing. They have been a huge iron ball chained to the ankle of America. Your attempt to apologize for the shit that the GOP has been drenching us with is pathetic and laughable. And the current GOP is going to destroy you. The powers in that party don’t give a rat’s ass about conciliation or about making amends. They want power.I have one question that will tell all we need to know about you: did you vote for trump?
148	0	"The Attorney General of the United States heads the Department of Justice. He is not ""Joe Biden's legal team"". Don't let the pollution of Trump's corrosive misuse of our office pull down your thinking. SCOTUS has refused to enjoin (or prevent) the unconstitutional Texas law from going into effect. They will certainly take up the case at some future point as it goes against the precedent of Roe v. Wade and other laws and court decisions."
99	1	Based on your inflammatory tweets and general douchebaggery, I doubt you’re serious about mending the gulf between the parties. You’re just another alt right weirdo trying to court moderates so feel free to jump up your own ass and fuck off. America would be better off without the whole lot of you. Republicans are not redeemable.
381	0	Did you guys forget that conservatives have been the ones defending the flag while radical leftist organizations like BLM and Antifa burn the flag in the streets? The flag has always been a representation of all of us, yet the left has abandoned it, hence why it seems to be a “trump thing” now. It was never a trump thing, it’s an US thing, how about you convince your side that burning the last symbol which hold us together is a bad idea.
345	0	Best post of the day. Happy 4th and thanks for being a wonderful human being
134	0	I mean... You want to go back in time?
544	0	Yes, this is disgusting, but even this scumbag's speech is protected.
244	0	I believe the lower tax rates on investments was to lure people back into the stockmarket after the crash of 1929 but for a lot of reasons that's almost impossible to happen again. Income is income and it should all be taxed the same. On that note, I believe the FICA tax should be levied on all income, not just the first $200k. Just saying.
135	0	BLM protesters broke the law by rioting and looting, as soon as property is at risk the riot squads will be scrambled. It will happen to any protest and if you disagree you have only been paying attention to what you want to pay attention to.
590	0	"We will see three separate panels of character witnesses, today.Panel details, per CNN:* The first panel will feature members of the American Bar Association committee that issued the ""well qualified"" rating for Jackson's nomination.* Next to testify will be Democratic Rep. Joyce Beatty of Ohio, University of Virginia School of Law Dean Risa Goluboff and Wade Henderson, the president and CEO of the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights. Joining those witnesses on the second panel is attorney Richard Rosenthal, a childhood friend of Jackson's, and Capt. Frederick Thomas, the national president of the National Organization of Black Law Enforcement Executives.* The final panel will be witnesses put forward by the committee's Republicans: Alabama Attorney General Steve Marshall; Jennifer Mascott, assistant professor of law and co-executive director of The C. Boyden Gray Center for the Study of the Administrative State at George Mason University's Antonin Scalia Law School; Eleanor McCullen, the plaintiff in a case against a Massachusetts law on buffer zones around abortion clinics; First Liberty Institute's Keisha Russell and Alessandra Serano of the anti-trafficking organization Operation Underground Railroad."
158	1	Yeah, in my experience a lot of the republican leaning people I've met have no room for neuro-divergent people in their idea of utopia
459	0	I mentioned to the guy in the original post how we see more and more gay or mixed race couples in tv commercials. I said I was really happy to see this. I’m a straight white guy btw. I was not surprised when he got mad and said he didn’t understand why they had to shove this in our faces. It’s only “in your face” if you’re a bigoted, racist asshole.
368	0	Fly the flag, it is all of ours (including Trumpers). To me it’s only a symbol, of our history & ideals; while our history is often at odds with our ideals, the flag is a reminder of what we have achieved & what we continue to try and achieve. Don’t be sad, fly it with joy!
838	0	"Graham giving us all the ""I've been in the business a long time"" spiel lauding over Jackson yet he seems unfamiliar with the fact that if he has such an issue with child porn sentences he's the one that can actually do something about it."
884	0	Cruz didn’t want the pettiness of his complaint to be dissected, he just wanted to make a scene and get a sound bite
366	0	Republicans have turned it into TGI Friday's flair. The more flags you have, the more patriot points you collect. Take it back.
405	0	I agree with what you are saying on hand guns. I agree that they are the bigger problem here overall (I'll get to that in a min) but large capacity assault style rifles are what is being used to kill large amounts of people in terroristic acts. Often times due to hate of some people. Do I worry about about my kids in school getting shot by someone with a hand gun? Yes, sorta, but not as much as I would about someone coming in with an AR15 with a couple banana clips. When it comes to hand guns I wish there was a limit on how many a person can own. I completely understand wanting one to protect your home and family as I do, but there's no reason to have more than one, 2 tops. What most on the left want is just some accountability and least some basic regulations.Many ideas have been mentioned previously in this thread. If we can slow the sale, stop some lunatics from getting them altogether, and have universal background checks it will still not stop every gun death but would drastically lower them. I'm a hunter, well not so much anymore(kids, life, etc) but I grew up as one and I never needed anything besides my 12 guage and my 22. My dad had them locked up and ammo was in a separate safe. Most gun owners are responsible like this. But not all are. So some accountability for the owner is a good thing. I know I'd rather my kids weren't having out at someone's house with multiple guns not locked up bc accidents happen. We require a driver's license and insurance to drive a car. Cars are built for transportation. Why can't we do the same (or more) with guns which are built for killing. I'd like to see a buy back option where the government overpays by 10% or more for each gun someone is willing to sell back. Just having less guns on the street, in homes etc will make us just a bit safer. I'm sorry for going on so much here but I'd love to see manufacturers adding a fingerprint or DNA scanner on new guns that can only be changed when a legal sale is made. If we can get that technology in new guns then the government can facilitate a trade in as well. Bottom line is there's no one answer to this but a lot of small things can be done for sure. And I believe most law abiding, responsible gun owners would agree if it weren't for the massive propaganda on the right from both the NRA and from right wing news media. Most of us don't wanna take all the guns, or at least I hope not. Lastly I wanted to thank you for your cordial conversation and genuine inquiry. This country needs more of that. I'm a recovering libertarian so I know a lot of what the other side thinks bc I've been there. My beliefs have evolved bc of my curiosity for the truth and through civil conversations with those I disagreed with. So thank you.
946	0	For those unaware, Janice Rogers Brown, the judge Lindsay is talking about Biden filibustering and threatening to filibuster as a SCOTUS nominee literally had the belief that America should go back to pre-New Deal society, including no 40 hour work week, no minimum wage, pro-child labor, etc. She's certifiably insane. Republicans act like opposing a judge is a partisan tactic, but thank god they opposed her as strongly as they did.
425	0	I agree, I don’t get these people who cry this. Yes there should be reforms and better training, but to get rid of police and treat them like the spawn of satan is just terrible not just for the officers as a whole but also for your cause as a whole.I wonder how many people who want this, live in a well to do area as opposed to areas the really need police officers? From my experience the ones who cry for “defunding”, almost always live or are from well off areas, and have never lived in communities where people need police officers around.
927	0	Not an American. But watched a bit from first two days. How come every sane person is not totally disgusted by most of the stupid harassment from some of these brainless politicians? Marsha used to be gorgeous Blackburn must have sold her soul and her brains at same time. Teddie Cancun Cruz met all expectations for being the most evil and childish as usual. You could go on and on. These fools are paid good money to represent their constituents. Most of them need to be fired for incompetence and malevolence. I would be embarrassed if I lived anywhere in their home state. My god! Gimme a break!! The patience and class shown by their victim has already shown she deserves the role she is nominated for. Very impressed of her and her future.
911	0	if CP has suddenly become a big deal, Republicans had the senate majority for four years, trifecta for two. Why they did not update the law that time. You know what, Dems are ready to update the laws so why not sponsor a bill and send it. Just saying Matt Gaetz should be in jail and these senators should rally for his jail term.
865	0	Graham was jealous that Hawley was getting attention, thus his questioning. Pretty much all that was for.Graham voted for her twice, so he should go argue at himself in the mirror.
941	0	**Today's Hearing is now complete!**Day 3 will begin tomorrow, at 9am ETThe hearing is expected to begin by finalizing Round One of Senator Questions with Sen. Tillis and Sen. Ossoff still remaining. Afterwards, they are expected to move on to Round Two of Senator Questions. The process will cycle through Committee members one more time, with Senators allotted 20 minutes of time to question Nominee Ketanji Brown JacksonThank you for joining, today, and see you all in the morning!
50	1	Trump, Russian trolls, and the Arizona “fraudit”All over Reddit, paid Russian government disinformation trolls are defending the fraudulent Arizona recount. Often, their defense is subtle — “let it play out”, “Trump lost and can’t be reinstated, so what’s the harm?”, “if you didn’t commit fraud, why are you afraid of the recount?”, “how is it fraudulent?” And we know that Putin’s piglet (what the Russian media calls Trump) sees this “fraudit” as his last hope. The fact that Russian trolls are so ardently defending it shows that Putin, too, sees it as his last chance to get Trump back in or, at the very least, to cause widespread violent unrest in the country.Please write to your Congressman and Senators expressing your concern and urging them to press the DOJ to take action. If the Trumpist/QAnon firm conducting the bogus Arizona “audit” succeeds in altering enough ballots to falsely claim Trump won Maricopa County, Republicans all over the country will force the same procedure in every state Biden flipped and very well might take to the streets with even more violence than on January 6. This farce needs to be stopped now!Just to recap about the “recount”:1. ⁠AZ elections officials, including Republicans, conducted several recounts and found no discrepancies. They certified the vote as accurate. So, this is just grandstanding and a political power-play. 2. ⁠The company Cyber Ninjas doing this farcical recount has no experience in such a thing, were hired by partisan Republicans, and are headed by a man who is a declared Trumpist and a Q anon adherent.3. ⁠There is no oversight4. ⁠It is illegal for non elections officials to handle sealed ballotsWhen this first started, those doing the recount had blue pens with them, which are totally illegal to have near a ballot as they can be used to alter a ballot. A judge had to stop that, but it was not until time had elapsed.
343	0	"In a sense, there are two Americas that the flag can represent. The first is the *ideal* of America, a country founded on principles including that of ""all men are created equal"". I will always, happily, wave the flag representing this America.The second is the *country* of America (government and citizenry), party to abuses contrary to those ideal founding principles. We don't need to break that down again here; suffice it to say that it took about 200 years to bring people to full equality under the law, despite that basic principle theoretically being a part of America's founding since day one. While it has also done good and been the ""land of opportunity"" for many, this America is the one that I'm a little iffy on.In short, it's complicated. Unfortunately, the flag has been somewhat co-opted by the weird brand of myopic nationalism that currently passes for patriotism, and for obvious reasons I feel uncomfortable about connecting myself with that movement. But despite its shortcomings, both historical and current, I still love my country and want to bring it further in line with those more commendable founding principles. Maybe that means retaking the flag and showing that sometimes actual patriotism calls for criticizing your country when it goes down the wrong path."
186	0	I was, for a very brief moment, a Reagan Democrat. I got better.
815	0	"So Republicans are all up in arms because the judge would not define woman and are now in some crazy conspiracy circle jerk as to why. They tried all week to find some low hanging fruit to bash her and they finally did.How much of a piece of scum do you have to be to care about this. Now every of their ""not brainwashed"" followers are repeating the same shit."
784	0	Just a reminder Blackburn lied about Lt Col Vindman's service record on the floor of the Senate.That's who she is.
529	0	Yes and No. I have a few libertarian views but them as a whole are so far out there it will never work.
184	1	A sensible ex republican can I have a conversation with you
642	0	Never forget the Judicial Oath is to uphold the Constitution.Senator Blackburn saying that Judge Jackson didn't say she tries to uphold the constitution is like saying that a President saying their job is to uphold their Oath of Office, which is to uphold the Constitution, is also not upholding the Constitution directly.
478	0	Any GOP that votes for this thing (Woman? I don't know about that, I'm not a biologist) is pro-pedophilia.
338	0	I think this is right on! Re-claim the flag! It’s wrong that these maga idiots and frankly white supremacist have been able to hijack the flag and weaponize it. I personally am in favor of a brand new flag for our country. One that is inclusive of “real” America. I am so grateful to live in the US as well but I have never (any especially not in recent years) felt any affinity toward the 4th of July holiday. We need to revamp the whole damn thing, it’s great and I am proud of our independence from GB but dear God we still have BIPOC and LBGTQA+ folks fighting for independence from oppression. I see so much backlash from Vanessa Williams signing “Lift every voice and sing” or Juneteenth being declared a federal holiday. It gets passed off as patriotism wrapped up in a pretty package, but it’s racism. Sorry for the rant but I thought I would share!
254	1	Would they have defaulted to same actions if white people? Kind of doubt it I my opinion.
817	0	"Durbin: ""I'm gonna give the witness time to respond to a question.""Lindsey Graham, who has been interrupting her constantly for 20 minutes: ""Finally!"""
285	0	It’s actually insane to me these people believe that. Wtf we live in two different realities
677	0	Ellen McCullen pictured [with a pamphlet and knitted baby hat that she apparently hands out on the sidewalk of places like Planned Parenthood ](https://twitter.com/cflmichael/status/1507005506816147484?s=21)
777	0	SNL Skit idea: Lindsey Graham wheeled in on the Hannibal Lecter gurney, frothing and spitting as he interrupts Jackson.
829	0	Anyone that attacks someone who is acting as a public defender is a piece of shit. But that's nothing new for the vast majority of the Republican Party.
550	0	"The ""What happened in your state last week?"" Megathread, Week 12Welcome to the 'What happened in your state last week' thread, where you can post any local political news stories that you find important in the comments. This is a weekly thread posted every Monday, in order to facilitate more discussion on local issues on /r/politics. Since this is intended to be a thread about local politics, top-level comments that are exclusively about national issues will not be allowed. When commenting, please include the state you're living in, and don't forget to link sources. **Also, please actually describe what happened. Things like ""I live in X, you know what happened"", ""Nothing happened"" or ""[Politician] continues to be an idiot"" isn't helpful to users and will be removed.**If someone from your state made a news round-up that you think is insufficient, feel free to comment to that round-up with further news stories. Enjoy discussion, and review [our civility guidelines](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/rulesandregs#wiki_please_be_civil) before engaging with others.---Hi there, /r/politics. Because this thread is about local politics, I'd like to reiterate that **news about President Biden or any other national political figure is off topic in this thread and will be removed**. Thank you, and have a good week."
875	0	Oh, great, back to childhood sexual abuse. They don’t even pretend to be going at this topic in good faith.
824	0	Durbin should’ve just started asking Cruz about his [porn likes on twitter](https://amp.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/sep/12/ted-cruz-twitter-account-likes-pornographic-tweet)
982	0	Lee tried to cast all his questions in legalese and at least tried to sound like an adult, but after trump it’s just impossible to take any republican seriously. Whatever “concerns” he has about judicial philosophy, views on issue X, KBJ’s record, or the constitution, Lee and the GOP encouraged, defended, or at least refused to condemn trump shitting all over each and everyone one of those concepts. Your party can barely condemn your standard bearer inciting a violent assault on the Capitol to overturn a democratic election. Spare me your Pearl clutching about the fucking commerce clause.
179	0	Welcome! We are glad to have you here.
749	0	This is really going to piss off right wing pundits, having to see and hear how agency matters. Grateful for Booker right now.
226	0	Definitely feel it should be the opposite. Tax gains on investments (so once it becomes an income source) higher and income from labour lower. Seems like we’d reward folks working for their dollar instead of those seeking to live solely off their investments.Clearly we’d need to have this change a bit at retirement age. We’d also need to address investments made directly to pay for retirement, as taxing your lifeline once you’re too old to work would continue our current model’s targeted cruelty against our elders.
928	0	Is this all these fucking clown republicans do? Try and get her on a gotcha question from child pornography? Just baffles me people vote for these morons.
0	0	I’m creating an apology resolution from Republicans to Democrats. What should I include?I’m a Republican millennial running for United States Congress. I believe our country’s greatest achievements have come when both parties work together. But lately, we can’t seem to do that. In any relationship,a first step is repairing is apologizing when you mess up. Us Rs have messed up on plenty, so I’m writing an apology resolution to introduce to the House floor if I win Congress. I realize this will not heal the country, but it’s a good first step in reestablishing good faith in our broken country. I’m going to get as many Republican signers on board as I can. I have my list, but I’m sure you all can add to it. What should I include in this resolution? Here’s my site if you want to see who I am. Hueyforutah.com
633	0	Good morning everyone. What's everyone's sin of choice to get through this day?Mine is the mute button and an eighth of Lodi Dodi.
357	0	Flags mean nothing. Actions mean everything. Raise your daughter well. That’s patriotic.
257	0	I think that response was fine by the officers, because the lady calling 911 seems to have been so certain it was the exact same person. The realtor was only handcuffed for 2 min in total, not too bad for getting a mistaken identity figured out imo. Tough to tell from the way the video was cut together, but maybe the officer should have holstered his gun earlier.
223	0	Because the people who write the laws say it should and we are stupid and let it happen.
493	0	Bongino and mark Levin
537	0	"Generally, social moderates, fiscal conservatives what I have seen. Some great, common sense ideas in a lot of areas.They suffer from not having a consistent message or leader and some really fringe ""members"". On the spectrum, they are generally considered ""lean right"""
410	0	We don’t wanna ban them, just stop crazies from getting them
695	0	"If any conservatives wonder why Democrats consider Jackson to be perfectly suited to the Supreme Court and Kavanaugh never was, compare and contrast Jackson's two days of complete calm under fire with the total meltdown from Kavanaugh in his hearing:[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A-QpXVV6qLk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A-QpXVV6qLk)No one in their right mind could watch that complete mess and still think ""he'd be a good Supreme Court judge"". Both got attacked, both got put under the microscope, both had their credibility and character closely examined, and only one came out the other side with their reputation enhanced and not falling apart. And it wasn't Kavanaugh. He came out his his mask off, revealing an ugly, angry, conspiracy theory laden little man.Kavanaugh accepted a life long nomination to the highest court in the land, where he has immense power to make landmark decisions, yet couldn't handle the pressure of a nomination hearing. Jackson could, and did. If these nomination hearings are pretty much a trial by fire, then only one of them passed it.Kavanaugh should never have been put on the bench. Jackson will be Chief Justice one day."
69	0	Patiently waiting......for the Dems to start tackling all those campaign pledges and issues they promised to tackle during the the primaries.1) Federal Legalization/Decriminalization of weed2) Challenging Citizens United3) Term Limits4) National Police Reform5) Restoration of felons right to vote Some of these we KNOW the GOP will fight. But why not bring term limits and weed to the floor? Put the GOP's ass to the fire and force them to defend not installing term limits and allowing legal weed, to issues that are popular will bring independents and rational Republican voters. Make them defend saying no to legal weed! 2022 is rapidly approaching.The removing filibuster is a dangerous game to play with Manchin in the party.
972	0	Ted Cruz just entered a children's book into the Congressional record for a Supreme Court confirmation hearing...
906	0	If I don't believe in soft dicks being forced to get hard, should my insurance plan have to provide Viagra? I shouldn't have to pay for someone else's soft dick.
6	1	Jan 6 protests tomorrow (discussion)Am I the only person that thinks they should treat these protestors as they did the BLM ones. Line the streets with guards, impliment a curfew and force them to evacuate with little to no warning with rubber bullets and tear gas? Or do we think these protestors should actually get to use their rights
660	0	"So maybe someone can check me on this, but the complaint levied that ""the word 'victim' did not arise in her opinion"" is completely bogus, right? I thought that present legal practice required that one not call either party a ""victim"" on account of that term's bias-generating connotations. Am I wrong about that in this case? Or is that objection intentionally disingenuous?EDIT: Levied by Steve Marshall the AG of Alabama, specifically"
666	0	"""I constitutionally want to constitutionally rule my constitutional rulings of constitutionallity in all constitutional cases"" are you happy now?"
55	0	So where are the sealed indictments of the Mueller investigation?What is happening with them?
700	0	15 years from now I would not be surprised to read about Lindsay Graham going to jail for some type of sexual offense.
380	0	"America is a racist country, right? so, to celebrate it would be to tacitly celebrate racism. your daughter is simply thinking the way she has been conditioned to think. America to most young people is a very terrible place - there is no such thing as ""American history"" taught in school that doesn't frame the country as racist/greedy/uncaring"
350	0	I think that was part of the point for them: it’s “theirs”. The narrative that only <insert your affinity group here> are patriotic is counterintuitive to the birth of the Nation.E Pluribus, Unum; not just the ones who like you and whom you like.I am a Navy Veteran, and I only fly my Flag. What others think about me, or it, is inconsequential and petty.Also: Fuck them.
631	0	Anyone catching up watch what happened with the Alabama AG Steve Marshall who is currently traitor talking with hawley.https://twitter.com/MacFarlaneNews/status/1507021892682764292?s=20&t=qZgDjU5ZtgiPZdNctKWnUA
62	1	Russian trolls, Trump, and the Arizona “fraudit”Russian trolls, Trump, and the Arizona “fraudit”All over Reddit, paid Russian government disinformation trolls are defending the fraudulent Arizona recount. Often, their defense is subtle — “let it play out”, “Trump lost and can’t be reinstated, so what’s the harm?”, “if you didn’t commit fraud, why are you afraid of the recount?”, “how is it fraudulent?” And we know that Putin’s piglet (what the Russian media calls Trump) sees this “fraudit” as his last hope. The fact that Russian trolls are so ardently defending it shows that Putin, too, sees it as his last chance to get Trump back in or, at the very least, to cause widespread violent unrest in the country.Please write to your Congressman and Senators expressing your concern and urging them to press the DOJ to take action. If the Trumpist/QAnon firm conducting the bogus Arizona “audit” succeeds in altering enough ballots to falsely claim Trump won Maricopa County, Republicans all over the country will force the same procedure in every state Biden flipped and very well might take to the streets with even more violence than on January 6. This farce needs to be stopped now!Just to recap about the “recount”:1. ⁠AZ elections officials, including Republicans, conducted several recounts and found no discrepancies. They certified the vote as accurate. So, this is just grandstanding and a political power-play. 2. ⁠The company Cyber Ninjas doing this farcical recount has no experience in such a thing, were hired by partisan Republicans, and are headed by a man who is a declared Trumpist and a Q anon adherent.3. ⁠There is no oversight4. ⁠It is illegal for non elections officials to handle sealed ballotsWhen this first started, those doing the recount had blue pens with them, which are totally illegal to have near a ballot as they can be used to alter a ballot. A judge had to stop that, but it was not until time had elapsed.
215	0	There are groups in place to help women in TX and everywhere else to obtain abortions.https://abortionfunds.org/fund/lilith-fund/https://abortionfunds.org/need-abortion/https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.nbcnews.com/news/amp/ncna1048126Women have been organizing and planning for this for years.
534	0	I think they’re just larpers.
182	1	Welcome to the liberals, I'm also a liberal, I like guns (but only in the hands of people who can use them safely which conflicts with the second amendment), climate change needs to be solved, and LGBT is cool. We seem to agree, you are a liberal.
487	0	The insanity around Keystone XL is that blocking it didn't keep the oil in the ground. It just means it is shipped by rail to boats and then floated to the refinery.Pipelines have the lowest rate of spillage (aka, best for the environment) of any transportation mode and take the least amount of energy (aka, best for the environment) of any transportation mode.
653	0	These type of hearings really should be one witness at a time, so that Senators can't hide behind softball questions to their preferred witnesses
742	0	"Ted Cruz is really going to insist upon ""accidentally"" having a Republican leak a bunch of personal information about innocent victims of child abuse and child pornography"
360	0	I do feel like the far right had hijacked the flag but I love your idea!
876	0	"""Your favorite topic, child porn."" Fucking WOW. It's incredible Ted Cruz always manages to find a way to lower the bar."
139	0	"There is some carryover from administration to administration. Ex-presidents always have access to some classified info but it's unlikely they ""need"" it. Key personnel in security positions maintain some access to classified info for life. I don't know the details, but would imagine there's a system for tracking who is accessing what among classified documents."
708	0	If Lindsey is so concerned about stopping the trafficking of minors... There are some colleagues he could maybe start his crusade with. Allegedly, I guess I'm supposed to say.
451	0	>At an earlier age I self-righteously thought that conservatives were far less likely to think in these terms, and that liberlas, on the other hand, were driven by scientific rationalism rather than ideology.So you are saying that you don't hold any ideological beliefs? For example, the belief that everyone deserves equal rights?
75	0	"The purpose of a political party""If a political party does not have its foundation in the determination to advance a cause that is right and that is moral, then it is not a political party; it is merely a conspiracy to seize power.""Dwight EisenhowerWe can all draw our own conclusions about today’s Republican Party"
145	0	Recall that Reagan got the drinking age to 21 in most states by threatening road funding. Move the military out of Texas. Cancel contracts to firms based in Texas
419	0	"""Defund the police"" is stupid and harmful. A better catchphrase would be ""reform the police."" Problem is, yes, a rotten apple can spoil the barrel, which is why cops who abuse their authority need to be rooted out, and ""good cops"" cannot be punished for wanting bad cops out of law enforcement.If nurses and service workers can be trained to deal with violently angry people without killing someone, law enforcement officers can and should be as well."
699	0	Graham accuses her of being an activist judge in the immigration matter, then criticizes her for not being an activist judge in the CP cases.
706	0	If Graham and his Republicans are so concern with their so-called light sentences of child pornographers, why haven't they passed bills with higher mandatory sentences? Graham has spent decades in the Office. The Republican is a failed Party. They represent the worst America has to offer.
124	1	Will do. I was on the fence about filibuster because GOP will wield it like a cudgel - I feel more confident that we will defeat right wing nationalism.
15	0	What are your opinions on the things happening in Australia?Australia has had an abundance of controversial laws passed in the past year, and I want to hear your thoughts on it.Me (an independent) am personally against it, but I would love to hear a Liberals point of view on the matter!
883	0	WaPo was able to get the reports from the Probation office for these cases a week ago but the Cruz and Hawley didn't do their homework so are trying to accuse the WH and Dems of cheating them.
474	0	Best Conservative Podcasts?What’s your opinion on the best conservative podcasts?
630	0	Ted cruz is an illegal alien on earth. Go back to mars or something and spare us the horror you ball of slime.Edit: my most sincere apologies to aliens of other planets for comparing them to Cruz. You deserve better and I should have known better.
412	0	I recommend going to a more credible source for this information, not reddit.“So You Want to Talk About Race?” Is a great book and I recommend it as a place to startBest wishes on your quest for knowledge :)
97	0	Out of curiosity, what attracts you to the GOP?
973	0	>Josh Hawley apparently exists in a world that has no nuance around sexual predation in our Justice system. Unless you’re Matt Gaetz. Or Gym Jordan. Or roy Moore. Or Trump. Or kavanaugh. Or…[https://twitter.com/adamjharmon/status/1506384573390745603](https://twitter.com/adamjharmon/status/1506384573390745603)
394	0	All we want is to keep guns out of the hands of the criminal and crazy.
497	0	I listen to a lot of them but the 2 most listened for me are Ben Shapiro and bongino.
127	0	It would be extremely cathartic to do unto them as they would do unto us. But spite and pettiness are their MO, not ours. They want to take away people's freedom of expression and we shouldn't follow their example.At the first sign of violence though, police should descend on them like the wrath of Zeus. It's time to stop treating domestic terrorists with kid gloves.
142	0	The dark side clouds everything. Impossible to see the light, the future is.
151	0	Over reach of Executive authority. Leave it to the Judiciary. Unfortunately, Trump set the tone for the modern presidency, and even if Biden doesn't personally get involved, that is where the momentum of office will take him.Regarding #2: State's Rights are relevant, but that argument hasn't been en vogue for a while. Unfortunately.
869	0	"Oh, boy, I can already tell that Cornyn's going to be at least as bad as Graham; he's clearly trying to get at something circuitously and pull a ""gotcha!"" moment.Like, we get it dude: you hate women's rights"
209	0	I’ve only been to Texas once. San Antonio. I’ve wanted to go to Austin for several years, but in light of this, I’ve pretty much made up my mind that I will not be visiting Texas anytime soon. Texas will not get any of my money. Am I wrong to do this?
613	0	Durbin approves the usage of jackassery after Sen Sasse used it yesterday to describe nameless Senators' actions \*cough\*cruz\*cough\*hawley\*cough\*. Imagine being such a fool that chicanery sounds like a compliment, jackassery perfectly describes Cruz.
307	0	It could be a problem. It depends on what you did with/to that naked eye and how old was it and was it consensual.🙃 Honestly, I think nothing matters anymore. This country is so morally bankrupt and ethically dead that you could say you that you hang out at the hospice because the suffering and the tears of others nourishes your soul. You would still have people say. Ok, yeah that's him/her being him/ her. But I really like what he/she says and believes. This isn't the 80's anymore. Where if you look goofy wearing a helmet and driving a tank you political career is over. You'll probably be fine. I would start local first and see how that goes. Good luck.
454	0	Remind him the other ten months have always been white pride months in the US.
61	0	Happy 4th of July!If you live in the USA be proud of our split from Britain and the country we've become. Our freedom and constitution set a precedent that's been used in revolutions worldwide. Have a great day!
108	0	Instead of apologizing why don't you repudiate Newt Gingrich's List of Words from his GOPAC.That is the shit that started us down this path.
527	0	Are you referring to r/libertarian cause in my eyes they are not representative of what a libertarian actually is?
318	0	Read all the comments here and realize the other side says all the same stuff about you. Then think about how both sides make us hate each other by thinking they hate you. Now both sides are stuck. And those in control stay in control. And none of them is you.
495	0	He’s not technically a conservative but I enjoy the daily coffees with Scott Adams. He’s not an ideologue and he takes a critical look at the news and can sort the fake from the true as well as anybody.10AM EDT, usually last one hour, available on YT. Tim Pool is solid but he can camp in the doom and gloom stuff for weeks on end.
825	0	Holy crap you needed a graphic content warning for Ted Cruz and other republicans who are pursuing this intense line of questioning.Saying “child porn”over and over and over is the only goal. Incredibly disgusting
166	1	Absolute wacko. They've gone full hog in the other direction against climate policy and for massive oil drilling and pollution as well. But Australia corruption is a pretty set thing.
377	0	We fly our flag correctly according to the flag code to show respect to our country, not a person or political party. We are not the only ones who do so, but unfortunately I see many more who display the flag as an overt political statement. The inverted flag and thin blue line are a go-to for extremists, but it is protected speech (just like flag burning that sets those same extremists frothing at the mouth).
422	0	I don’t buy that one bit, sorry. Police violence is not a *training* issue. You sound like someone who hadn’t really had to deal directly with law enforcement. The police treat citizens like shit very frequently and refuse to be held accountable. They are quite proud of their behavior. This is because of the type of people hired, the way the job is defined, AND training and other issues. Derek Chauvin was a training officer, for example. With a shitheel like that in charge of training, how is policing going to get better? They have the wrong people in uniform. Training won’t save it.
907	0	"Exactly, the idea of a judicial philosophy is insane.Under law and circumstances, any number of things can happen which should be taken into consideration.Conservative love to say, ""the rules are the rules"" until it attacks them then they want everyone to bend them."
195	0	Mmmmmnope, there's another place that the rest of the world feel pretty much ashamed of, sorry for and embarrassed by. So, who wants to tell them?
924	0	[Jackson tied for highest initial support for Supreme Court nominee](https://news.gallup.com/poll/390956/supreme-court-nominee-jackson-support-tied-highest.aspx)For comparison, Brett had 41% support, Gorsuch had 45%, Amy had 51%. Judge Jackson almost tied with the chief justice Roberts on the public favoring her nomination. The Republican senators are sure to pick things they didn't do during her previous three confirmations. This is pure sound bites for conservative talks shows and they know it.
948	0	"""You've got to feel sorry for the Republicans. They're committed to opposing her. They're just not sure why."" - Neal Katyal, Former U.S. Solicitor General"
654	0	Steve Marshall has a very insincere and deceptive facial expression. I wouldn't trust him to shine my shoe.
870	0	Did I miss it or is Ossoff the only person to being up questions about privacy and search/seizures in todays day and age. It seems all the republicans want to do is focus “on the children”.
781	0	Did they seriously just request documents that include the names and personal information of children that were victims of cp? I wouldn’t trust any politician to see that information without leaking something.
539	0	I like conservative libertarian ideas but the problem is they just won’t work. In my mind being libertarian is just taking votes away from conservative Republicans that need that 2-3% vote. I’ve almost come to disgust libertarians almost as much as RINOs in that regard. All in all I do not disagree with smaller government, lower taxes, and more freedom but we have bigger fish to fry with communists in office.
652	0	If Marshall is so concerned about the recent rise in crime (despite the overall trend being that crime is sharply down over the past 20 years) perhaps he'd be interested in that nearly 3/4 of murders are committed with guns, most of them legal. Perhaps he'd be interested in reducing the time-to-crime of firearms: more than 68000 guns were recovered in 2020 were used in a crime less than 7 months after purchase. I would happily await any measures he'd like to implement to prevent would be criminals from purchasing guns from a weak and ineffective system of limited background checks.
51	0	Take some money out of Trump's pocket with a clickIf you google search Trump Donate and click the AD with the secure.winred.com domain, it'll charge Trump's AD account around a $1. Link for the lazy > https://www.google.com/search?q=trump+donate
321	0	No you shouldn’t let politics get in the way of a relationship with your parents.
130	0	Just like a mob meeting, the feds should be writing down every license plate and taking plenty of pictures. Better yet, get the rubes to give away all their PI by having a 100 Grand giveaway! (The candy bar of course!)
954	0	I said this yesterday, but it bears repeating: As for the general practice of going outside the federal guidelines, that's the norm for most judges. [Table 8. Only 42.8 sentences were within the guideline range last fiscal quarter.](https://www.ussc.gov/sites/default/files/pdf/research-and-publications/federal-sentencing-statistics/quarterly-sentencing-updates/USSC_Quarter_Report_4th_FY21.pdf) Only .5% of those were above the guidelines. The vast majority were below the guidelines.
268	0	">Politics is just a back and forth fight between left and right and to be honest it's tiring.No. US politics is not ""just"" this. What you've done here is set up a false equivalency as if this is just a left versus right thing, where both parties are equally responsible.The Republican party now largely relies on anti-democratic propaganda and divisive antagonism towards others to lead and persuade their voters. So either you need to become more educated on US politics, or your post is disingenuous."
733	0	Providing contraceptive to OTHER PEOPLE has fuck all to do with your “sincerely held religious beliefs”. Fuck off and let people live.
278	0	I had an argument with someone who said that the vaccinated were still getting covid and that they were responsible for delta and the surge because they became lax after vaccinatingI didn't bother and just walked away
612	0	The Republicans are sticking with the CP stuff because they know the cases will never see the daylight in the committee. It is just a bad faith argument now since they are trying to paint a picture which doesn’t exist
476	0	Anti-Semitic cop killer to speak at universityYou couldn't make this up! A convicted cop killer & founder of an antisemitic organization has been invited to speak at a state university - SUNY (Brockport). Now if this was Israeli actress Gal Gadot the lefties would be so loud and violent the talk would be canceled - and I'm sure people like Ben Shapiro or Jared Kushner would also get far louder protests than this insult to the gene pool is going to receive. Most of all I feel sorry for the police officers who will have to protect him. [https://www.jns.org/opinion/anti-semitic-cop-killer-to-speak-at-university/](https://www.jns.org/opinion/anti-semitic-cop-killer-to-speak-at-university/)
196	0	I guess that makes California the United States of the United States, which is fine with me. Washington state would be Germany and New York state would be...the UK?
178	0	Welcome and congrats. Very few republicans can make the move even though their party has changed so much. Glad you could join us.
326	0	"""feel guilty for not hating them""Feel guilty if you do start hating them. Am I a part of the problem for still wanting a good relationship with them?You're starting a problem if you don't ""I’ve seen on tik tok some people say “I found out my parents voted for trump and I cut them off” These are not good people - as it stands, you are for not being like themEdit: read your edit ... sorry regarding your challenges, nothing wrong with different opinions, though using any specific sub on Reddit might provide a narrow view. Glad you've a good relationship with your parents - that is one of the most precious things in life and something to be cherished."
201	0	Hahahah that made me laugh
640	0	What the heck am I watching? Anti-abortion activist grandma testifying before congress? WTF does this have to do with a supreme court nomination?Someone needs to ask her what she does to support the mothers and babies after birth.
401	0	I fully support gun control and I think it’s silly not to. Would you really want criminals to be able to possess such dangerous weapons? Nobody wants to ban guns, we just want it to be way more difficult to slip into the wrong hands.
960	0	573 opinions...If you hear republicans talk about a high rate of overturn by Appellate courts...Jackson has only had 7 cases overturned (and not all of them because she was wrong).
291	0	Look at a map showing where the most cases are; they are nowhere near the border.
757	0	please please please call out the federalist society that captures and grooms judges to vote in their interests
648	0	Homosexuals getting to marry doesn't infringe upon your religious liberty. Your liberty ends at other people's rights.
452	0	He’s just jealous because gay black people get two months to celebrate.
79	0	I Never Thought I'd Ever Like Anything Out Of the Russian Dictator's Mouth, But He's Proven Me Wrong.Satire from The Borowitz ReportPutin Says He Has No Intention of Reinstating Trump￼By Andy BorowitzJune 7, 2021The New Yorker
455	0	He's got 10 months of straight white pride. He can just shut up and quit being a total prat.
193	0	I’m not sure that this analogy holds up to close inspection.
885	0	Yeah you pretty much gotta take a break after that, good lord. Need a moment to process that before it's more nonsense conservatives whining about shit they made up.
658	0	Are democrats not allowed to question the other party’s witnesses? Like can’t someone ask him directly about Roy Moore?
535	0	A friend once joked to me that “libertarians are just liberals who don’t like taxes” and it really seems to fit sometimes.
63	0	A question for pro gun-control/ban Liberals.Hi all. I’m a right wing individual that is very much against gun control and gun bans. That being said, I’m very curious about the left’s stance on gun control at the moment. It seems to me that a majority of pro-gun control/ban people on the left are campaigning to ban ar-15s and rifles but why not handguns? It seems to me that banning handguns would be much more preferential than banning a specific rifle or rifles. Especially since a majority of gun deaths including suicides are done with handguns. What are your thoughts? I don’t mean any disrespect or anything I’m just genuinely curious. Thanks.
43	0	"Could randomly choosing people to serve in government be the best way to select our politicians?I'm a huge advocate of something known as **[sortition](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sortition)**, where people are randomly selected to serve in a legislature. Unfortunately the typical gut reaction against sortition is bewilderment and skepticism. How could we possibly trust ignorant, stupid, normal people to become our leaders? # Democracy by Lottery**Imagine a Congress that actually looks like America. It's filled with nurses, farmers, engineers, waitresses, teachers, accountants, pastors, soldiers, stay-at-home-parents, and retirees. They are conservatives, liberals, and moderates from all parts of the country and all walks of life.**In the most commonly discussed implementation of sortition, lottery would be used to construct a legislature. Random sampling would be used to draw around 100 to 1000 people to form a house of Congress. Service would be voluntary, for a fixed term, and be well paid. From there, the selected people would have the responsibilities and powers of any elected legislature. These sorts of legislatures would have substantial advantages against elected ones:* Because of [random sampling](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sampling_\(statistics\)), a sortition Citizens' Assembly would have superior diversity in every conceivable dimension compared to any elected system, including race, class, sex, religion, ideology, cognitive ability, profession, and anything else you can think of. Sortition is therefore the ultimate method of creating a [proportionally representative](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proportional_representation) Congress. * Without the threat of elections demanding ideological purity, a sortition assembly is better able to compromise with their fellow citizens and reach consensus. * Without the need for elections, legislators no longer need to waste time campaigning but can rather focus their time on their actual job.* Legal bribery in the form of campaign donations is eliminated. * The nature of lottery creates a more egalitarian Congress ruled by regular people rather than the elites of society. * The nature of lottery possibly crushes the formation of political parties - parties that often form due to strategic campaigning needs to win elections. # Real World EvidenceSortition is not a shower-thought. Sortition is thousands of years old and is the topic of active investigation by political scientists. Hundreds of sortition-based [Citizens' Assemblies](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Citizens%27_assembly) across the world have already been conducted. The decisions they have come to have been of high quality in my opinion. For example: * The BC Columbia Citizens Assembly was tasked with designing a new electoral system to replace the old [first-past-the-post](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/First-past-the-post_voting) (FPTP) system. The organizers brought in university experts. The organizers also allowed citizens, lobbyists, and interest groups to speak and lobby. Assembly members listened to all the sides, and they decided that the lobbyists were mostly bullshit, and they decided that even though the university experts had biases, they were more trustworthy. This assembly ultimately, nearly unanimously decided that Canada ought to switch to a [Single-Transferable-Vote](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single_transferable_vote) style election system. They were also nearly unanimous in that they believed FPTP voting needed to be changed. This assembly demonstrates the ability of normal people to learn and make decisions on complex topics. * In [Ireland](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Citizens%27_Assembly_\(Ireland\)), Citizen Assemblies were instrumental in the legalization of both gay marriage and abortion in a traditionally Catholic country. These assemblies were used to resolve politically volatile subjects so that fearful politicians would not have to. * Recent 2019-2020 Citizen Assemblies in Ireland and [France](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Citizens_Convention_for_Climate) reached consensus on sweeping, broad reforms to fight climate change. In Ireland taxes on carbon and meat were broadly approved. In France the People decided to criminalize ""ecocide"", raise carbon taxes, and introduce regulations in transportation and agriculture. Liberal or conservative, left or right, near unanimous decisions were made on many of these proposals. * [America in One Room](https://www.nytimes.com/2019/10/02/opinion/america-one-room-experiment.html) deliberative polling experiments have demonstrated the ability of regular Americans to deliberate amongst one another and come to compromises. The usage of sortition has also been documented in many societies:* The greatest known example of sortition is its use in ancient Athens, where lottery was used to select magistrates, legislative councils, and the People's Court. * Sortition was also used in combination with elections for the selection of leadership in Renaissance-era Italian City States such as a Venice and Florence. * Examples of sortition have also been documented to be used in [Indian tribes](https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1111/dech.12651). In these tribes, sortition results in an egalitarian government where power is shared. When elections were introduced into these societies however, the author observed the rise in power hierarchies and even ""toxic masculinity"". In these societies, you will find echoes of the claims I made above. Political parties in these societies are weak. Concentrations of power are reduced. # Comparing to ElectionsAll electoral methods are a system of choosing a ""natural aristocracy"" of societal elites. This has been claimed by philosophers such as Aristotle since ancient Greek elections 2400 years ago. Elections are biased in favor of those with wealth, affluence, and power. Moreover all voters, including you and me, are [rationally ignorant](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rational_ignorance). We don't have the time nor resources to adequately monitor and manage our politicians. On average we vote ignorantly, oftentimes solely due to party affiliation, or the name or gender of the candidate, rather than actual qualification. We assume *somebody else* is doing the monitoring, and hopefully we'd read about it in the news. And yes, it is somebody else. Marketers, advertisers, lobbyists, and specialists pay huge sums of money to influence your opinion and construct your news reality. Every elections is a hope that we can refine our ignorance into competence. IN CONTRAST, in sortition, normal citizens are given the time, resources, and education to become informed using the process of [deliberative democracy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deliberative_democracy). Normal citizens are given the opportunity to deliberate with one another and come to compromise. IN CONTRAST, politicians constantly refuse to compromise for fear of upsetting ignorant voters - voters who did not have the time nor opportunity to research the issues in depth. Our modern, shallow, ignorant management of politicians has led to an era of unprecedented polarization, deadlock, and government ineptitude. # ImplementationsThere are many forms which sortition could take. I list some from least to most extreme:* The least extreme is the use of Citizen Assemblies or Deliberative Polling in an advisory capacity for legislatures or referendums. Examples of these have been implemented in Ireland, the UK, France. They have also been implemented in Oregon in the form of ""Citizens Initiative Review"" (CIR). Here, a random body of Oregonians are tasked with reviewing ballot propositions and giving referendum voters information about the propositions. * A hybrid, two-house Congress has been proposed where one house is chosen by lottery while the other remains elected. This system attempts to balance the pro's and con's of both sortition and election, and use both as checks and balances against each other.* Random sortition legislators can also be added to existing parliamentary bodies to complement, rather than veto, the decision making capabilities of elected officials. * Rather than have citizens directly govern, random citizens can be used exclusively as intermediaries to elect and fire politicians as a sort of electoral college. The benefit here is that citizens are given the time and resources to deploy a traditional hiring & managing procedure to make political appointments. This system removes the typical criticism that you can't trust normal people to govern and write laws.* Most radically, [multi-body sortition](https://delibdemjournal.org/article/id/428/) constructs checks and balances by creating several sortition bodies - one decides on what issues to tackle, one makes proposals, one decides on proposals, one selects the bureaucracy, etc, and completely eliminates elected office. # The History of SortitionDemocratic lotteries are an ancient idea whose usage is first recorded in ancient Athens in 6th century BC. Athens was most famous for its People's Assembly, in which any citizen could participate (and was paid to participate) in direct democracy. However, the Athenians also invented several additional institutions as checks and balances on the passions of the People's Assembly.* First, the Council of 500, or the Boule, were 500 citizens chosen by lottery. This group developed legislative proposals and organized the People’s Assemblies.* In addition, lottery was used to choose the composition of the People’s Court, which would check the legality of decisions made by the People’s Assembly. * Most government officials were chosen by lottery from a preselected group to make up the Magistracies of Athens. Athens used a mixture of both election and lottery to compose their government. Positions of strategic importance, such as Generals, were elected. ## Historical Beliefs about Democracy Athenian democracy was regarded by Aristotle as a “radical democracy”, a state which practiced the maxim “To be ruled and rule by turns” [2 pp. 71]. For Aristotle, “It is accepted as democratic when public offices are allocated by lot; and as oligarchic when they are filled by election.” Renaissance writers thought so too. In The Spirit of the Laws, Montesquieu states, “Voting by lot is the nature of democracy; voting by choice is in the nature of aristocracy.”How is it that ancient and Renaissance philosophers understood democracy to be selection by lottery, while modern people understand democracy to be a system of elections? Democracy was redefined by Frenchman Alexis de Tocqueville while he travelled through the United States in the early 1800’s. Tocqueville was impressed by the equality of the social and economic conditions of Americans in the early years of the republic. Importantly, Tocqueville believed that the institutions of American “township democracy”, law, and the practice of the tyranny of the majority made America a land of democracy. Therefore he wrote and titled a book, *Democracy in America*, that redefined America as a democracy rather than the aristocratic republic which its founding fathers had desired. Tocqueville’s book would become a best-seller around the world. With Tocqueville’s redefinition of democracy that excluded the practice of lot, the traditions of democracy were forgotten and replaced with the electoral fundamentalism of today. From historican & advocate David Reybrouck, > “Electoral fundamentalism is an unshakeable belief in the idea that democracy is inconceivable without elections and elections are a necessary and fundamental precondition when speaking of democracy. Electoral fundamentalists refuse to regard elections as a means of taking part in democracy, seeing them instead as an end in themselves, as a holy doctrine with an intrinsic, inalienable value.” [1 pp 39].# Concluding RemarksThere are many legitimate arguments against sortition, and these philosophical arguments have been waged for thousands of years since democracy's invention. We might assume that yes, there are superior people, and that the superior ought to lead the inferior irrespective of the inferiors' wishes. If you believe in this kind of superiority, democracy is not for you, and elections aren't for you either (How ridiculous is it to ask the inferior to select the superior!). But if you do believe in democracy, if you believe that people ought to govern over themselves, then I think you need to take sortition seriously as a way to enhance democracy and finally take it to the 21st century. # References1. Reybrouck, David Van. *Against Elections*. Seven Stories Press, April 2018. 2. Hansen, Mogens Herman. *The Athenian Democracy in the Age of Demosthenes* (J.A. Crook trans.). University of Oklahoma Press, 1991. 3. Dahl, Robert A. *On Democracy*, 2nd Ed. Yale University Press, 1998.4. *The End of Politicians* - Brett Hennig5. *Open Democracy* - Helene Landemore6. TG Bouricious - [Democracy through multi-body sortition: Athenian lessons for the modern day](http://www.canberra-alliance.org.au/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/Democracy-Through-Multi-Body-Sortition.pdf)7. Gastil, Wright - [Legislature by lot: envisioning Sortition within a bicameral system](https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.1177/0032329218789886) 8. Y Sintomer - [From deliberative to radical democracy? Sortition and politics in the twenty-first century](https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.1177/0032329218789888)9. A Shal - [What if we selected our leaders by lottery? Democracy by sortition, liberal elections and communist revolutionaries](https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/abs/10.1111/dech.12651)10. Caserta M, Pluchina A, Rapisarda A, Spagano S. [Why Lot? How sortition could help representative democracy](https://www.oderal.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/Whylot-Caserta-Pluchino-Rapisarda-Spagano-Physica-A2020.pdf). 2021.11. A Lang. [But is it for real? The British Columbia Citizens’ Assembly as a model of state-sponsored citizen empowerment](https://www.ssc.wisc.edu/~wright/929-utopias-2013/Real%20Utopia%20Readings/Lang-35-7%20-%20Politics%20Society-2007.pdf). 2007.# Resources* https://www.sortitionfoundation.org/ -- A European based organization* https://www.democracywithoutelections.org/ -- An American pro-sortition community.* https://equalitybylot.com -- A blog for pro-sortition academics.* https://randomaccessdemocracy.org/resources/* /r/Lottocracy* https://joinofbyfor.org/ -- A US sortition advocacy nonprofit. # Podcasts* [Malcolm Gladwell - The Powerball Revolution](http://revisionisthistory.com/episodes/44-the-powerball-revolution)* [Ezra Klein Show - A Radical Proposal for True Democracy](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/the-ezra-klein-show/id1548604447?i=1000510299372)* [Democracy Nerd - Exporting Oregon-Style Democracy](https://democracynerd.us/episode/exporting-oregon-style-democracy)"
304	0	Just don't make the mistake of NOT expecting it to get dredged up. Look what they did with that sweet little vid of AOC dancing. Tried to embarrass her with it, as if there was something wrong with pure joy. But as long as you have thick skin and the proper sense of proportion, you have nothing to fear. Good luck!
853	0	Booker is right on. Out of her entire career Republicans are focusing on three items for their entire argument against her.
840	0	These smug assholes aren’t qualified to be hiring managers for this position. It’s literally all just badgering and baiting when Republicans have the floor, trying to get her to misspeak and damage her credibility. After this many hours, it’s clear that she’s smarter than all of them combined. Let’s just vote.
359	0	Good for you! I don’t know where these MAGGOTS get off thinking they have some kind of self-righteous monopoly on patriotism. If you’re trying to overthrow the government, and you’re full of hate and want to persecute somebody who has a different belief, color, or sexual orientation than you, you don’t believe in the Constitution or democracy. You’re not a patriot.
84	1	Sorry for aiding and abetting Donald Trump.Sorry for not doing a better job of self-policing the last 20 years of divisive rhetoric from Fox, Limbaugh and their ilk.Those would both be a good start.
929	0	Of course Ted Cruz went on [Fox News](https://twitter.com/acyn/status/1506777760391315457?s=21) tonight.
282	1	Dogs bark, cats meow, republicans lie.It is in their nature
810	0	"I'm not suggesting this myself, but I hear many people are suggesting that Josh Hawley's extensive knowledge of child pornography comes from a hard drive he keeps locked up in his home and views routinely for ""research"""
921	0	Just thinking aloud, how many years in prison could Cruz and Hawley potentially face for their participation and encouragement & possible planning of the 1/6 insurrection? Speaking of prison sentences, you know.
152	0	Finally, some sanity.
159	1	They are pretty crazy, and not in a good way.
965	0	"I roll my eyes so fucking hard whenever this ""institution of marriage"" bullshit comes out. It's not even a dog whistle anymore, it's a fucking foghorn for Republican evangelical homophobia."
385	0	A quick reminder that the USA is the greatest country on earth.
81	0	Rather than an apology. I would rather see us focusing on the issues: real issues such as affordable housing, affordable health care, increased middle class jobs, etc.
188	1	Yay! I think there are a lot of folks out there like you, but are too stubborn or set in their ways to admit they lean more towards the left than the right these days.
676	0	Why is this guy testifying? Who is he? And what does 1/6/21 have to do with this proceeding? Am I on the wrong feed or something?
643	0	"Due diligence to get to read over child pornography cases, even though they immediately note that ""don't worry, none of it will go to the public we just really want to read over them."""
745	0	Booker is the only Senator to even come close to cracking this woman’s composure. I think she’s tearing up right now.
770	0	The hell? I literally got that exact question about the partial birth abortion cases when I was a second-year law student sitting there in Con Law class. He’s asking a Supreme Court nominee questions that are appropriate for law students. How silly.
786	0	Fuck Mike Lee. And fuck Mitch McConnell. You don’t get to whine about the politicization of the court. The facts speak for themselves.
437	0	It's a funny question really. The only reason we all know what Critical Race Theory even is, is because the right wing demonizes it. CRT is the Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez of academic curricula. If they weren't demonizing it I sure as shit would never have heard of it.
140	0	Probably not necessary, as.they can't read.
334	0	"There was an article on Fox today that slammed the NYT for reporting a story about this very issue. The reporter apparently interviewed people who expressed this sentiment-that they felt the flag had been politicized and was now an emblem of the GQP.The Fox reporter and people who commented were outraged with the usual ""disgusting-if Dems hate the flag like they hate the U.S., they should leave the country"" crap. The polarization and the Republican's reflexive vitriol and refusal to acknowledge such impacts is beyond discouraging. And it is true-a house in my neighborhood alternates flying the QANON flag with the stars and stripes. I'm deeply worried for the country as well, and I think that *all* Americans should feel feel to fly the flag."
372	0	"You could just fly the flag without all the ""I don't really want to do this"" accessories."
312	0	They have nothing to offer aside from hypocrisy, racism, cruelty and childish stupidity. They can’t win fair elections and they know it. They can’t win their arguments with facts and they know it. They can’t prove their stupid conspiracy theories and they know it. They no longer represent mainstream voters and they know it. They don’t care about truth, decency, democracy or ordinary Americans and we know it.
286	1	All those Mexicans in Missouri spreading covid to those poor hard (not working coz of this same Mexicans) people!Can we call it the Redneck variant or something? Really drive home that they're the assholes keeping this going.
776	0	I genuinely wonder if Lindsey Grahamwas sexually abused as a kid.If you look at his facial reactions when she’s talking about sentencing in regards to child pornography, he genuinely looks deeply upset.It looks personal, not like standard GOP rage/absurdity.I wonder if that’s why he’s totally losing control right now.
211	0	Basically put in any antichoice person you can think of in Texas and put their name in the database.
737	0	Other republicans are seeing what Cruz and Graham is getting away with and realizing they can act however they want with 0 consequences. Expect the circus to continue.
727	0	By the incessant focus on child porn it makes me wonder why these people are so obsessed with it. It’s never seemed like a national emergency before.
595	0	He must've known something about that guy and Jan 6th or he wouldn't have pressed him like that. But I enjoyed seeing Marshall squirm in his chair, just answer the question he was duly elected POTUS.
407	0	>It seems to me that a majority of pro-gun control/ban people on the left are campaigning to ban ar-15s and rifles but why not handguns?Are they? I haven't seen polls. While I can imagine that there easily could be a majority of people on the left who want to ban AR-15s, I never heard about rifles in general.And I do tend to follow what's being said about AR-15s by the left. Because even though I'm a liberal, and I understand why people want to ban AR-15s, I don't agree that we should.
253	0	Maybe they just want to be left alone
775	0	Remember when Lindsey said Republicans weren't going to turn this into a circus?Pepperidge Farms remembers.
122	0	Good catch... report this to THEM, they'll never find it here.
115	1	Start by apologizing for the Southern Strategy and go from there
374	0	America's absurd use of flags is comparable to Nazi Germany's, if I'm being honest.
571	0	Did he mention the “truinnanatashabadapressure”? It’s been nearly two years, I’m starting to worry he’s not going to keep his promise on that.
899	0	Jesus Christ he's almost in tears over the Kavanaugh hearings. This is absolutely absurd.We are a joke of a country.
450	0	In my country we don't have Liberal or Conservative, Democrat or Republican, only policy. I grew up on the left and many people I knew were far left. I am now centre wing on every issue I can think of, I don't believe in extremes of anything and I have debated policy with people from every end of the political spectrum.I personally don't think anyone who identifies hard as Liberal or Conservative or with any ideology is rational, yes people can believe in what you call Liberal and Conservative ideas but to be fixed in whatever the party say is not rational thinking.I have found since 2010 the left have gone from being open and idealistic to extremist. It started with shutting down of opinion, calling people who disagree with their views fascist or racists, now it has moved into social engineering of society and extreme violence.
332	0	Yep, both of my parents are like this, and got much worse under the previous U.S. administration. I don't have much to do with them anymore.
844	0	"It honestly feels like they are trying to get her to go off on them or something so they can get their picture of the ""angry Black woman."" And I really love that she isn't giving them what they want."
588	0	This woman is truly disgusting. Framing her harassing and bullying women who are facing what may be the toughest choice of their lives into her way of thinking as an act of compassion and love.
270	0	Maybe if America gets attacked by an outside force. And even then, they’d probably argue about how to deal with it.
90	1	Your party has done way more than just mess up. Your party started an insurrection to stop the peaceful transfer of power to a duly elected candidate for president. This was a soft coup. This is still your agenda. This is still your end game. This is unforgivable. That alone is reason for your party to die. There are no more honorable and respectable members of your party. They are all complicit and guilty by association. You all failed your country and should be ashamed. The thought of claiming yourself as a Republican should make you throwup. Time to ditch your party and run as a Democrat. We are a big tent party. A party of ideas. Made up of patriots. Of Americans. Can't do that? Then run as an independent. Even better. Start a new party. We work better as a country with more parties than one.
3	1	Why does moveon.org have a smear campaign against my democratic congressman?Josh Gottenheimer, who is an excellent congressman. He is a moderate democrat, who is pushing for SALT tax deductions to be restored. Guy is just representing his areas interest. We have no need for some national liberal group to come in and start running TV commercials against the guy. Bad job by Moveon.org.
440	0	They need somebody to lord over so they can feel superior.
119	0	If anyone is interested in a non partisan take on the SALT cap issuehttps://taxfoundation.org/salt-deduction-salt-cap-repeal/As for Gottenheimer representing your local interests isn’t always in the best interest of the country as a whole.
45	0	Regarding Minorities who are Christians...(please read)Can you guys stop painting all of Christianity under whiteness or European aggression? The majority of Christians on earth are poor non whites living in Africa, Asia, and Latin America. The vast majority of all ethnic minorities in North America (black Americans, Latino Americans) are Christians. Every time you guys don’t make that distinction you’re insulting the faith of hundreds of millions of PoC and others who have nothing to do with colonialism. I write this because a Coptic church got burned down in Canada recently. Copts are Egyptian middle easterners...they’ve just sat around being Christians in the desert for 2,000 years and never genocided people in Canada. Do these arsonists just not know that 60+% of Christians are non white? I’m an Arab Christian and my blood boils whenever a self proclaimed progressive tries to impress me by assuming I’m Muslim and insulting Christianity. Jesus was a Semitic Hebrew from grand Syria. Can you at least just differentiate us from ‘white colonizers’? Are African Christians in Nigeria and Ethiopia white oppressors too? Please. And thank you..Salaam
715	0	The only “court packing” that happened in my lifetime was when McConnell and the GOP refused to allow Obama’s nominee a hearing, which resulted in Trump getting a chance to pack the court.
945	0	Graham - “I agree there should be no religious test for office. Now tell me on a scale of 1 to 10 have faithful are you?”
671	0	she's asking Grassley to imagine if his most embarrassing moment was seen by everyone? That happens every time he opens his mouth or tweets.
674	0	I was on a call who is this jerk talking? Oh it was Steve Marshall the AG of Alabama...honorable my ass.
649	0	Republicans just making themselves look bad by trying to discredit this woman. This is a formality at this point. She is in
141	0	To interact with classified information, you need both an active security clearance equal to or greater than the classification level of the information and a 'need to know'. Trump may have kept some level of security clearance, though that could be revoked by President Biden... but I doubt trump would ever have a 'need to know', going forward... unless Biden wanted his opinion on something classified. Which seems very unlikely.
819	0	For fuck’s sake. Providing insurance coverage for contraceptives and abortions doesn’t mean you HAVE to use them. I haven’t used 95% of the things my insurance covers, but that doesn’t mean they shouldn’t be covered
793	0	Jackson sat there quietly and didn't interrupt that chaos. Tillis the second she spoke interrupted. ....
429	0	Trump doesn’t believe it’s fake. He’s been so caught up with his lie for so long, he believes it’s real.
901	0	Didn't...Kavanaugh...make it to the Supreme Court? Am I wrong in remembering that? WHY is he crying about it? jfc.
683	0	Today will likely be a (relatively) brief hearing and features Outside Character Witnesses appearing to testify on Judge Jackson’s qualifications to be a Supreme Court Justice
70	0	A letter from Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington (CREW)**$4,358,113.****That’s how much corporate and industry PAC money that members of Congress who voted to overturn the election have benefited from since January 6th.**That’s an outrageous amount, and these companies need to be held accountable. CREW’s [**new live tracker**](https://u1584542.ct.sendgrid.net/ss/c/atcYNHk4Eh2YdGnwBh-YDNIHxDdVqcm70mj6lX6GGqNELgxOr75lZpu5oMA4-AdhzHAf3QQLUwceTt_Ey7KZ4Y1h49nkfweQMuMgT8WJcoPksldf2N__AIujgyUIGxo8BMfnCs8Q2TIg8JdI5CRRjXuk3J8paTEWKrRjTtHq24xLnypVYs5zTDUIXuDlOD07ZEEPsAg39MDC1tO5AV4ont1KeZA3XvZDQjc3wTxuL9PkJbOneGd3QRTOwhjeZKy4oAN0xmtox8n1sfMOCCXqnPsvlkMMXTfRBDVADTcw_k2mHFU1KRtI7hbcw1dEK1pFEyvZ-ffwp9FsnCC7kzSrNeDgjbP5o52SF5NVbqUDFxRxpaZEyh2tIAH4Bg2XJGTB/3d2/tkrefXQSRBi9Y8M5N6kwhg/h1/-RQv_Pl-qFXbzij3u2U-hlLDTupnPY-TnHEU11BSefQ) highlights exactly which corporations are funding the Sedition Caucus, including companies like Toyota, Cigna, Pfizer, JetBlue and AT&T, several of which have gone back on their commitments not to fund members who fueled the insurrection.**Here are just a few of the infuriating numbers:*** 241 corporate and industry PACs have donated in support of Sedition Caucus members.* $70,000—that’s how much House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy’s campaign and leadership PAC have raked in from corporate and industry interests, making him the top recipient.* $122,500 has flowed from Koch Industries, the top corporate giver, to benefit the Sedition Caucus.These companies may be betting that no one cares about their funding of the members of Congress who attacked our democracy and voted to reject election results. But we know that couldn’t be further from the truth. **We know that millions of Americans are not going to let them get away with backing members of Congress who’ve demonstrated their contempt for our democracy.**Help us spread the word to hold these companies accountable—**share our new tracker on** [**Facebook**](https://u1584542.ct.sendgrid.net/ss/c/atcYNHk4Eh2YdGnwBh-YDPAZiEt8wwS6hp5wOIb3CiIzQnHUDiwVESJ5vcWPgSWVsP6ZMFp0YPwoB-0Y4y5HQ9YGLtAq0YSsqPqMA6nXg-P1kTcZ2qw2yXyfbbQVV_YqjPFRFsJ48mSuNtiYi4PHGeEpkFyfwcQr9-tBatqmes4opVembWlQyg6M27k1t-dtBSwNyX0ZBIYkdjcBP_qVjsmXmy20OuGEiWZpIakwNNlt0FlwmCP8VBzgcb49nvZVzu_vNRX_Wh-hdwvXMvi67NDWFQXmfLKg3Y-J4DBEca50KAXjHg47qwWik-hN67nHHsC_vIwE4xR5wLC9q6qiGA/3d2/tkrefXQSRBi9Y8M5N6kwhg/h2/oLF8NE5V7R2phFAnBfGqNMoSKUSmBtLn04N9ASm3558)**,** [**Twitter**](https://u1584542.ct.sendgrid.net/ss/c/dSCQfi9FLISmU3ZE3bfPhhxqQ9kF3T33vuGmBDVlyG2Et_fFGCYWfQWmPwgWSTr2rTPKlhvV-rX28Rd_KpnsG2TLecFVBdmd5TKG8_s7NyrxoUneQNHGn2M4vX1-sbMbZXJgB3FvELuiJyhnqwlFZ4kT6ohMRdZQOWVSjWwLe8iy-FkvulT-V3bCMg7y00Zh6GXrLL2KuTqBLVihVhH8l5mAjRkSZOjb2LlS4szWV8vr7VR4G5dLnABGiG0M7xAHD3TnrwK2v8CgtFVKpkYys38ZiLT0z2i5pq3H-n_Fmj9ThX6eCB221yhiUuu6-ygw/3d2/tkrefXQSRBi9Y8M5N6kwhg/h3/4ExJU1s8epgS6NtrHCci5kzUZ1xXBjIbxbsdeE0RaWM)**, or by forwarding this email.** Together, we can make it clear that funding the Sedition Caucus remains unacceptable.Thank you, Robert Maguire Research Director, CREW
936	0	I sure this goes both sides of the aisle, but holy hell, let the person speak. The candidate isn't a child. Don't be rude an interrupt them. Honestly, if I was the candidate, I'd say if you cut me off again, you will not get an answer from me and we should me onto the next question.
813	0	I don't think defending people is a bad thing. you'd think people who love the constitution and everything would applaud public defenders, no matter what
818	0	Conservatives are inherently simple minded people. They cannot understand complex issues and ideas, the don't do nuance. These senators may be capable of such thought, but they know their base absolutely is not. That's why they're honing in on light sentencing, what is a woman, and all of these yes or no questions about overturning a previous ruling. Talking points that can be reduced to a tweet that the base will fling around and amplify and pat themselves on the back for.
791	0	Blackburn's comments about CRT are about as blatant as the GQP has been about saying they hate n—I mean, Black people.Actually, no, that might be Braun saying we should overturn interracial marriage being legal. But it's a close second.
957	0	I wish American politicians would realize that when they behave like Ted and Josh, they aren’t just embarrassing themselves, their party and their state, they’re embarrassing the entire United States of America. These people HAVE GOT to go!
292	1	**You are either on the side the America's Healthcare Workers or you are on the side of the Republicans.**Let's remember: the teapartiers claimed to be non-partisan. They were lying. The birthers claimed to believe what they were pushing. They were lying. Trump supporters claim they believe the election was stolen. They are lying.It's time recognize that the antivaxxers and their fellow travelers are working for Trump and the Republican Party. The antivaxxers are part of Trump's Insurrection - *which is ongoing.*
213	0	Had started planning a 2-week road trip to Houston, San Antonio, Fredericksburg wine area, etc. Right now I am busy cancelling all my reservations.
330	0	My entire family and my wife's entire family. We are both black sheep in our respective families... and our entire town in general. It's a good thing we found each other at least lol.
888	0	"The very fact that so little congressmen are able to be able to understand (but actually don't care) what she means by ""that's a matter of policy"" shouldn't be astounding but God damn"
602	0	Is anyone getting horror movie vibes from her? Like she's going to give you a cookie and then you wake up chained to a medical examiner's table?
900	0	Graham shut the fuck up about the boofer. She had nothing to do with you guys picking a shitty judge.
835	0	Excuse me Chairman, I think it’s unfair that you’re fact checking our conspiracy theories and lies. We don’t want the public to know that we’re lying to them, and you’re undoing our hard work
87	1	"As an ex-Republican, I want the Republican party to stop being against women's civil rights. You cannot claim to be conservative and want Big Government to tell an individual what they can do with their own body-even if you think that individual must be protected from herself because she doesn't know any better.Mary the Mother of God had a choice. Christians celebrate the choice she made because she was ""wise in the ways of the Lord."" In other words, she was educated. We must do better providing education for girls. Give them opportunities to hope for and they will be less likely to make bad decisions.Unless the Republican Party is prepared to end it's War On Women no apology is necessary because no apology will be accepted. This is non-negotiable."
651	0	How many Republican members of the Judiciary Committee questioned the ABA standing committee? Did those who did not question elect not to participate? If so, it's telling.
428	0	Betting that WWF, has more fans and supporters than that shit show.
202	1	Idaho is it’s North Korea. Just trying to keep up with its big brothers
841	0	It's just funny how the minds of Republicans work.*Literally no one is asking for women to get an abortion all the way up to the day of the birth*. No one.
542	0	I’m dumbfounded that there are still Jews in this country whom are staunch democrats….are they oblivious that their party literally despises them? Low IQ? Hate themselves?
467	0	Is there a legal standard or accepted definition as to what qualifies as a mass shooting? The article says 4 but that's the CNN definition. Is there a standard definition?
435	0	Because RW politicians and media want boogiemen to stoke fear-and-loathing in their base to vote and fund-raise.
939	0	This guy really thinks freedom of religion covers forcing others into your religious beliefs/practices….
277	1	They 100% believe this stuff. I worked a special election a few days ago in a working class suburb, and had several people tell me they’d get the “shot” when “the president gets rid of all his damn illegals.”
624	0	> Thom Tillis and Mike Lee tell us they won’t boycott Senate Judiciary vote on Jackson’s nomination, meaning committee will have quorum to hold a vote on April 4> “Zero. Nada. Zip,” Tillis says of a boycott, adding it is “never going to happen.”Grassley also doesn’t back a boycotthttps://twitter.com/mkraju/status/1507024627071176712?s=21
281	0	Blaming brown people is an old trick in the GOP playbook. #Shocker
661	0	"Re: Granny McCullen currently speaking - I find it interesting the banner below her name was switched from ""anti-abortion activist"" to ""pro-life activist"".Puhleeze, the right is about as much ""pro-life"" - in their actions - as Donald Trump is an honest man."
897	0	"""Judge Jackson, could you please weigh in on this Black woman that you have absolutely nothing to do with?"""
731	0	These republicans are acting as if she’s Judge Faith or something. She’s got one of the best and most qualified records out there. I watched Amy Coney Barrett’s hearing and all I heard was ‘I can’t answer that’ OVER & OVER. She could take notes from Judge Jackson.
843	0	I love how the cons are now paranoid about theoretical seats being added to the court after the absolute underhanded shit they pulled for the past five or six years. These fucks know they played dirty af and now they’re worried about retribution.
32	1	Am I a part of the problem?In no way is this post supposed to make me or my parents look like victims. I just need some perspective because I’m really struggling with this. So both my parents are conservatives almost in their 60s. They are both understanding people and have very good hearts. I myself am on the very opposite political spectrum as them. The thing that stresses me out is that they voted for trump. They are not trump supporters they just voted conservative because they always have because the way they grew up or whatever. I’m just so scared that my friends will find out they voted for trump and hate them. Neither of them are really educated about politics at all because they are constantly working and barely have any time to themselves. (I know that’s not an excuse it’s just what I noticed.) If they fully understood the weight of everything they might have voted differently. I know deep down they are good people that care deeply about people. And for some reason I feel guilty for not hating them. Am I a part of the problem for still wanting a good relationship with them? I’ve seen on tik tok some people say “I found out my parents voted for trump and I cut them off” do I need to do the same to be a good person?Edit: sorry if this post seems stupid I struggle with ocd fears that make me afraid I’m a bad person all the time, and I can get pretty in my head sometimes. so I made this post to hear other perspectives
398	0	"Liberal 2A supporter here. I honestly believe that a lot of anti-gun legislation (especially in the AR-15/'assault weapon' arena) is focused more on the type of people that want to own the ""scary-looking military weapon."" If you look at the California assault weapon ban and the sundowned Federal assault weapon ban, most of the things that are outlawed deal not with lethality at all, but with *cosmetics*. Bayonet lugs, bipods, pistol grips...things that make lawmakers believe make the specific 'assault weapon' look more...assault-y? More Hollywood? The thinking is, if we make it harder for people to build their own Hollywood gun (because let's face it, the AR-15 platform is basically Lego for gun folks) they will have less outlet for their 'violent fantasies"" or whatever. The stereotypical (to them) gun nut won't be able to live out their revenge/persecution fantasies and wipe out a daycare. For me, all that money and effort should be focused on de-stigmatizing mental health care and providing public access to same. But that's just my opinion."
129	0	they will just give them green lights, like on Jan 6cmon man, do you think they are going to treat them as equal to BLM protests? i doubt so
126	0	How many cops are taking off that day so they can participate?
341	0	As liberal and progressive voters we work hard to help America live up to its highest ideals and make it better for everyone. My truck has BLM and LGBTQ ally decals next to one of the American flag, and I fly the US flag on every patriotic holiday. I don't ignore America's faults, but I will never let those racist MAGA fascists take my country or my flag.
441	0	Not bad news, but definitely not good enough news.
820	0	"God, ""partial birth abortion"" ... ""abortionist"" ... I thought Mike Lee was doing okay there for a bit."
764	0	It’s so…. Flabbergasting to listen to the GOP get up there and screech like toddlers, then a Democrat gets up and all the questions are actually good, deep questions about her and her philosophies and experience and why she is who she is and suchThe whiplash is insane
80	0	What are the moral/ethical qualities, legislation, and rhetoric of the current Republican party you support? Because if you're already starting off with this idea you need too apologize for Republicans as a new representative, I'm curious what things you think are worthy of standing behind.
787	0	Graham, Cruz and Hawley are way too excitable and eager to discuss child pornography. It's downright creepy.
953	0	Can we make a ranking of how dumb each Senator has been in their questioning so far? Ted Cruz has got to be #1 for entering children’s books into evidence when they literally have nothing to do with her job. Honestly, the fact she could survive that whole barrage of stupidity without punching him in the face is more than enough proof that she deserves a spot on the Supreme Court.
153	0	Great question! Hope someone has an answer.
506	0	Dan Bongino is my main listen. But I listen to alot of different podcast.
489	0	Shout out to Matt Walsh and the sweet baby gang.
942	0	It's fucking embarrassing that a SCOTUS nominee has to explain America's fundamental belief that all persons accused of crimes by the government are entitled to an attorney and the presumption of innocence (until proven guilty) to the Republican members of the United States Senate.
382	0	It’s not even the greatest country in N America.
430	0	What does the World Wildlife Fund have to do with anything?
606	0	And because of all the little babies, the sweetest most joyous babies - I cannot support this nominee.This must be Grassley’s granddaughter
464	0	But Hillary's emails? Lol
344	0	I don't fly one. I don't feel the need. I'm a veteran, I love my country, but it's not that important. And like your daughter think it would give the wrong impression.
851	0	Imagine crying about the WH not giving you something that was made widely available in the WaPo. Is his team incapable of a quick Google search?
763	0	Graham: I'm not gonna treat you unfairly. Human decency demands I don't. Also Graham: WHY DO YOU LOVE CHILD PORN DISTRIBUTORS?I am 100% convinced his game is 1. Laying a false foundation for his pending no vote, and 2. Trying to get her to lose her cool.
462	0	Than WTF are you wasting time posting shit like this? seriously. why? You say life is too short, but you post* what you hear* advise us that life is too short to deal with bs* and you post the bs* so we can discuss the bs?
502	0	Matt Walsh. He’s very “no bullshit”
161	0	Diligently patient my friend.
541	0	I have a older libertarian brother. He understands some things and leans more to the right, but he has an issue with other things, like he sees the use of nuclear energy to be dangerous and not valuable and more lenient behavior towards criminal punishments
16	1	"I'm new hereI always considered myself a republican with far to many ""buts."" For instance LGBT equality has always been important to me. I support the 2nd amendment but there needs to be stricter laws on it. CLIMATE CHANGE IS SCIENTIFIC FACT. Ever since trump took office it's like being crazy is a requirement to be a republican. Pretty much worshipping the ground Trump walks on is a requirement to be a republican. Going against medical professionals. The list goes on and on. After all the buts I've realized I'm not a republican. I'm in line with more liberal views than conservative. Sorry it took so long but honestly liberals seem much nicer and accepting (and generally smarter.) So yeah. Hi friends."
549	0	Discussion Thread: Confirmation Hearing for Supreme Court Nominee Ketanji Brown Jackson, Day 2 - 03/22/202 | Live 9:00 AM ETJudge Ketanji Brown Jackson testifies at her confirmation hearing to be a Supreme Court Justice before the Senate Judiciary Committee.Each member of the Senate Judiciary Committee will have a 30 minute period of time for questions and answers.Order will alternate from Dem to GOP, and follow the [Member List](https://www.judiciary.senate.gov/about/members) below:* Chair Senator Dick Durbin D-IL* Ranking Member Chuck Grassley R-IA* Senator Patrick Leahy D-VT* Lindsey Graham R-SC* Senator Dianne Feinstein D-CA* Senator John Cornyn R-TX* Senator Sheldon Whitehouse D-RI* Senator Mike Lee R-UT* Senator Amy Klobuchar D-MN* Senator Ted Cruz R-TX* Senator Chris Coons D-DE* Senator Ben Sasse R-NE* Senator Richard Blumenthal D-CT* Senator Josh Hawley R-MO* Senator Mazie Hirono D-HI* Senator Tom Cotton R-AR* Senator Cory Booker D-NJ* Senator John Kennedy R-LA* Senator Alex Padilla D-CA* Senator Thom Tillis R-NC* Senator Jon Ossoff D-GA* Senator Marsha Blackburn R-TN---The Hearing is scheduled to begin at 9:00 AM ET. You can watch live online on * [C-Span](https://www.c-span.org/video/?518342-1/confirmation-hearing-supreme-court-nominee-ketanji-brown-jackson-day-2/live)* [Senate Judiciary](https://www.judiciary.senate.gov/meetings/03/14/2022/the-nomination-of-ketanji-brown-jackson-to-be-an-associate-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-day-2/)
998	0	TL:DR: It's not rare to give someone a lower sentencing than what the prosecutors want, even in cases like these. But Repubs want to blame this on one female black judge who's nominated for the Supreme Court.
774	0	Cory Booker should have been a hype man. He’s like the Flavor Flav of these hearings. The DJ Khaled of these hearings.
503	0	Russel Brandt, lotus eaters
881	0	Wow...that was just...brutal.How can Hawley be this nasty? I would have loved to hear her justify the sentence but I KNOW it would be taken out of context and fuck her over.
457	0	https://youtu.be/GeixtYS-P3s
944	0	Grassley: Bryer and Ginsburg said the court should not be packed. Do you agree with that?Jackson: As other judicial nominees have stated, I will not make an opinion on a matter of public policy that’s squarely a power of Congress.Grassley: I will interpret your statement as saying Breyer and Ginsberg were wrong to have said what they said.What a dick move
625	0	For those complaining about the insane child porn angle, it's working as propaganda unfortunately; I mean we are all talking about it and that was the point. It doesn't matter how ridiculous a talking point is, if you frame a debate where the other side has to engage with it and talk about it then you've won.
308	1	Well fortunately for you Donald Trump lowered the bar to below the floor.
847	0	i mean the thing about sasses’s question is it sounds innocent but should we be having a “both sides” discussion on homophobia, bigotry or racism being equally valid viewpoints?A lot of times, people shun outlandish or egregiously bad faith povs is because even arguing it gives it the legitimacy or the veneer of a viewpoint rather than seeing it for the unacceptable position it is.
427	0	Trump is now powerless. None of the big 3 news networks covered the rally. This stuff will get boring quickly even for Trumpets. A quarter of the crowd left early.
263	0	no—it’s been this way since before America was a country. So long there are people, there will be people would want to control or subjugate them. We fought for independence against England despite plenty of Americans supporting the monarchy, we fought against the Confederacy that wanted to keep slaves. we’re still fighting for conservatives to accept women and people of color as equal and for legal rights for gay and trans people. It’s a never-ending struggle for justice and a tolerant society, there will always be authoritarians without empathy who want to ruin it for everyone.
363	0	I'm progressive, my whole family is to some degree. My dad is a Democrat vet and he flies the American flag every day. I bring mine out for holidays. The flag was co-opped by hate groups who thought that if you don't worship the flag, you hate America.
54	0	Did we make a mistake?Let’s be honest. Joe Biden is a joke and is being treated like an old man who can’t do anything for himself…I’m starting to think we fucked up. At this point I’d much rather read mean tweets than have someone who is seen as a joke by the rest of the world as our leader
156	0	Is it Madison Cawthorn?
938	0	"I'm so annoyed at these old yt men interrupting her. Ask a question, get an answer, that's how this works, fellas. I SWEAR, they say things just to hear things at this point. If you don't want her to answer, don't ask the Qs.his ""Right"" in the middle of her response? STFU man, let her talk.&#x200B;Edit: I need to just calm down obviously, lol. But AGHHH."
688	0	Senators should face this type of hearing before seeking re-election. They face virtually no accountability because they never have to explain themselves with this level of scrutiny.
420	0	Yeah I agree, we gotta come up with at least a better slogan for what it actually means.
523	0	No.Libertarians aren’t trying to take your guns, your freedom of speech, and have zero desire to nationalize (steal) your retirement investments.Libertarians haven’t infiltrated nearly all of our National institutions with the goal of dismantling everything those institutions were intended to accomplish, with their sights set on doing the same to the nation itself.
754	0	Out of everything, questioning the interracial marriage was the most surprising one. I didn’t think GOP would turn THAT alt-right this swiftly but I guess they are on a fast track to turn the clocks back to 16th century
397	0	I am a gun-owning liberal who believes in tighter restrictions.1) support Universal background checks for ALL purchases2) mandatory classes to obtain a conceal carry permit (end permitless/Constitutional carry)3) ban high capacity magazines4) unless participating in activities such as hunting, camping, backpacking, etc, or on private land, ban open carry of handgunsOn the other side of the coin, I think the following should be done FOR gun ownership1) concealed carry license is valid in all 50 states and US territories, much like a driver's license2) no local pre-emption to overrule state gun laws (just passed here in Colorado)3) do not require liability insurance. Why should a gun owner be held responsible if their gun is stolen?Conservatives must understand that we liberal gun owners exist in higher numbers than they want to believe. We just don't think every man, woman, and child should be allowed to be armed to the teeth with no restrictions at all.The courts have ruled that rights can be restricted. We have seen it with others (right to free speech, right to vote, etc.) Why should the second amendment be any different?
546	0	Discussion Thread: President Biden news conference at NATO HQPresident Biden is expected to speak at 1:30 PM Eastern at a news conference at NATO’s headquarters following an extraordinary meeting of NATO leaders to discuss responses to the Russian invasion of Ukraine.[Watch Here](https://www.nato.int/cps/en/natohq/events_67375.htm)
886	0	>JUST IN: Public support for Ketanji Brown Jackson’s confirmation to the Supreme Court is the highest in history, tied with John Roberts in 2005, per @galluphttps://twitter.com/NoLieWithBTC/status/1506627675993030658?s=20&t=uY-zC7cJfFJHQPrLRvYVtA
722	0	I’ll say this again… Congress can update the sentencing guidelines if they think they’re outdated. Nobody is forcing them into inaction. It’s not the judiciary’s fault that the guidelines are outdated.If she had come out and said that more clearly, the right would attack her for trying to litigate from the bench.
486	0	Maybe you can’t find much because the majority of people working on AI agree that preventing racial bias in machines is important and ethical.
260	1	No. And they never have. All this that we're dealing with today, including the recent insurrection is an extension of the failed Reconstruction after the Civil War. Theres a clear reason one of the Jan 6 attackers carried a Confederate flag into the Capitol.
619	0	These attacks on Brown are pathetic. They won't stop bitching because Kavanaugh was confronted with a very compelling and credible accusation of attempting to rape a woman, but they don't hesitate to paint Brown as fucking pedophile-sympathizer with zero actual support for it, it's disgusting. I hate these people
538	0	Libertarians are to the GOP what democratic socialists are to the Dems, the younger dumber sibling.
513	0	The Steve Deace Show (live on Blaze, 12-2p EST)
532	0	Whatever you do, don’t go to r/libertarian and expect a rational discussion. Majority of it has been taken over by lefty anarchists.
157	0	I couldn't agree more! Really hoping someone else can answer this
558	0	In the 2020 election, in response to the pandemic, we also saw state and local government take measures to make it easier to vote by mail and vote in person.Rather than pick specific examples myself, I'd like to hear from you: what positive changes to voting did you see in 2020 that should be continued or expanded upon?
505	0	I've cycled through a few in my time. My current roster is:- **Ben Shapiro**; his sarcasm is always good.- **Steve Deace**; his analysis is quite good.- **The Editors** at the *National Review*- **Timcast IRL**; they've always got interesting guests.I've also listened to, at various points:- **Charlie Kirk**- **Jack Posobiek**- **Dan Bongino**- **Steven Crowder**
367	0	Can we mention that they’re wearing of the flag .. on every damn piece of clothing. Even underwear.
947	0	I've learned more from Senator Whitehouse in 30 minutes than I have from everyone else on this committee so far.
573	0	So, the Republicans are angry because the advisory committee has, in the past, ruled their nominees are unqualified, because they were unqualified.
935	0	For all of you wondering why Lindsey Graham is doing what he is doing - it's because he is just generating content for FoxNews where he looks like he is fighting against a black woman. None of the detail matters to him. Just looking like this on camera, that's all he cares about.
76	0	A critique of gun bans.Tl;dr : if you can make a meth lab, you can make a bomb.I understand not all liberals support strict gun control measures such as assault weapon bans and buy back programs. From what I gather, things like private gun ownership, legalization of marijuana, and LGBT rights are actually pretty bipartisan with only some extreme partisan outliers. I also understand that most liberals in favor of gun control laws aren't interested in draconian policies and mass seizures, but rather better regulation and tracking measure to better impeded and prevent the distribution of weapons into known offenders and potentially mentally unstable individuals. And it's also important reconcile that gun violence is ultimately a symptom of a mix larger 3 deminensial issue spanning poverty, drugs, illiteracy, discrimination, domestic violence, and mental health. There are no simple solutions. The purpose of this critique is to hopefully demonstrate to those who believe gun controls measures, even the most draconian ones, will not solve one specific problem: mass indiscriminate murder. Or put simply, mass shootings. Those who intend to wage violence, and have the resources to do so, will wage violence. By eliminating access to the tools for which you perceive to be the most likely Avenue in which violence will be conducted, you merely divert them into engaging in less damaging violence, or paths in which the violence the engage in will be equal, or just as damaging. The only varying factor in the level of carnage achieved in acts of mass indiscriminate violence, is planning. By eliminating access to firearms, you merely force them to go through extra steps to obtain the same weapons, or seek alternative weapons, which may in fact be equally as dangerous or more dangerous. In effect, you do not prevent the crime, you merely delay or delude it.In further, the only real way to prevent this sort of crime isn't through stricter and harsher laws pertaining to the weapons and tools likely or potentially to be used in these crimes, but instead through better and more in depth survellience and preemptive action. This may sound well and fine... but that is in fact the same action that was taken to prevent a second 9/11, and in doing so, they effectively gutted and hallowed out the fourth amendment and completely eroded privacy protections in the u.s. Did it work? Yes, but at what cost? To stop further mass indiscriminate violence by a domestic population and citizenry, you'd need to further expand and enforce the same survellience systems and use them to target the native population. In effect, you'd need to replicate the same police state as china.Which raises the question, in fighting mass indiscriminate violence, what rights and liberties are you willing to forgo? To create a safer society, what must we be willing to sacrifice?Sorry for typos, will correct as I go.
714	0	"> Earlier in the day, Graham told reporters that Democrats can expect their judicial nominees to also face misconduct allegations in the future. ""If this is the new norm, you better watch out for your nominees,"" he said. https://www.businessinsider.com/lindsey-graham-unloads-on-senate-democrats-in-kavanaugh-testimony-rant-2018-9Lindsey Graham is not interested in a fair hearing. Graham is interested in getting his revenge for perceived slights during the Brett Kavanaugh hearings where credible claims of sexual misconduct were raised.Lindsey Graham should be made to recuse himself from these hearings."
647	0	Just a reminder, all these answers he's giving are while under oath and can be used in courts of law :)
812	0	These senators are awfully worried about the law being followed to the letter but couldn't be bothered to investigate the events of January 6th.
723	0	It’s interesting these people are so hung up on child sexual abuse while continually turning a blind eye to similar allegations against their own colleagues
249	0	So this is actually very common. People get invested in their ideas and feel any criticism is a personal attack.
20	0	The Texas situationI consider myself a solution oriented guy. So a few things come to mind here.1. The reporting site is getting kicked, but they could find another provider. So when it comes up, flood it with two things: Church member names and fake names. Statistically speaking, the largest abortion opponents also comprise the ones who get most of the abortions. They make excuses for themselves and because they come from ‘good families’ they look down on the selfish ‘others’. But if they start having to worry, the law might change. Very r/leopardsatemyface. ‘I didn’t think ‘I’ would be reported!’ Yeah, it’s ugly, but let’s be real here, conservative religious women have opposed every advance of women’s rights since suffrage. They’re electing the same problem people.2. If you have single friends in Texas, tell them as an act of protest to go dark on Texans. ‘Will not date a Texan’ when that’s on millions of profiles, maybe the men of that stupid state will rethink their choices. (Not really my idea, I got the idea from a story about how women in Ancient Greece ended a war by refusing to have sex with their husbands until there was peace)3. Relocation services and hosting services. Help women move out of that stupid state. Set up a fund to help them find work, housing, etc. nobody should be trapped in ‘A Handmaiden’s Tale’.4. Rescue vans to help women get across state lines to clinics if they need it.
744	0	THANK YOU BOOKER! Finally pushing back on the insane bullshit in a passionate way. So freaking great
250	1	One of the things I have noticed about Republicans is that they see the Democratic party as 90% of blacks 90% of immigrants and just a few white people. When they see it like this thier prejudice rules there ideology and they could never come to our side. Sometimes they think what's good for minorities can't be good for me.
94	0	In a primary, people are going to go to the right of you and make you pivot to the right, which would make a move like you’re suggesting here be a losing move.I want more candidates like you, but the current two party system draws all candidates to the extremes and keeps people out of the middle and does not incentivize cooperating.
103	1	This is really hard. I don't mean to direct this energy at you since I'm assuming you're proposing this in good faith, but I can't forgive some of the stuff that happened. The Republican party truly deserves to be totally dissolved and if there was any justice, they'd not win an election for 30 years.
342	0	I think we can love our country and also be critical of our country. I fly the flag simply because I believe in what our country could be, although I think it still has a long way to go. I will also burn that flag when I really oppose something “our country” has done. “Our country” is a frightfully growing group of elitist polycrats that play games with our money. I had the sentiment for a while that when I saw the American flag that the person was a Trumpian/Fascist. How did that happen?!!!
251	0	That's just human nature in general
912	0	"I'm to the point I feel these ""hearings"" are merely to see how the person responds to things that would flip out the normal person. If you don't fly off the handle and tell a senator to go f themselves then you are doing great. Still not sure how Kavanaugh got in though...he failed that test."
632	0	"Steve Marshall is concerned about ""the wave of lawlessness"" sweeping this nation - yeah, I agree something needs to done about the widespread, rampant and seditious lawlessness displayed by the Republican party at the federal, state and local levels of government.Republicans continue to demonstrate that they are a clear and present danger to what little remains of this nation's democracy as well as being a persistent threat to its national security.As Noam Chomsky correctly pointed out (paraphrase): the Republican party is the most dangerous organization on earth."
191	0	Y’all going to a satanic temple to preform a “ritual abortion” and see nothing wrong with it? If I was trying to make up an argument for why abortion is wrong I never would have come up with this. You really can’t make this stuff up.
670	0	"all of this child pornography stuff sounds like Anita Bryant saying ""won't somebody please think of the children"" over gay rights"
42	0	What if citizens in every city looked up the cops with the most complaints and just followed them around in a car with a camera and shotgun mic all day? You could make a TV show out of that in a second.What's a good name for it? Maybe FTP (F*ck The Police), or Bad Cops, or Rage Against the Police...
979	0	Cornyn is so infuriating here. People having rights your religion doesn’t agree with doesn’t take anything away from those who practice the religion. Ffs
682	0	Booker has this subtleness when he talks like this... he makes it seem like he doesn't know much and tackles the issue from the very dumbest levels... IDK if i'm reading too much into it but that is how it comes off, especially cause he is pretty smart.
859	0	“You said I will uphold… the judicial oath. I wish you said my oath to the constitution.” Uhhh…. Marsha, isnt part of a federal oath of office to swear to uphold the constitution? So, um, she did?
987	0	Short clips in links.> Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson takes a moment to gather her thoughts after Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) asks her if she believes babies are racist.https://twitter.com/therecount/status/1506345537741770757?s=21> Judge Jackson responds to Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) asking about children's books with anti-racist themes at Georgetown Day School, where Jackson is on the board:> “They don’t come up in my work as a judge, which I’m respectfully here to address ... my near decade on the bench.”https://twitter.com/therecount/status/1506347763931435008?s=21> Ketanji Brown Jackson: I have not reviewed any of those books.. They don’t come up in my work as a judge which I’m respectfully here to address…https://twitter.com/acyn/status/1506345655488241665?s=21
92	1	Unfortunately I think the Republican Party has moved passed logic and reason and are purely reactionary at this point. You would likely lose a primary by someone who would run to the right of you. Maybe consider being Independent
458	0	When is white history month? The rest of the year.
91	1	I’m sorry to say this but you need to really sit down and think of you want to 1. Enter politics and 2. Be a Republican. I don’t see this going well with your party.
933	0	Chuck Grassley looked old as fuck when he was asking questions just reading off the sheet of paper like 20 minutes ago.
735	0	What is their sick obsession with kiddie porn. It's really disgusting and makes me think all of their laptops should be checked.
369	0	Gay marriage? Weed? Culture? America is fucking dope and fuck everyone that says we’re not. I’ll fly the flag till the day I die regardless of democrat or a republican in charge. Do we have tons of flaws and things and work on? Of course. Who doesn’t. Go America. Go July 4th.
252	0	It’s easier to double-down than admit error.
203	1	Ohio is getting there too. The state used to be pretty purple, but in the last four or five years it has just simply turned dark red.
314	0	Stop worrying about what they're saying, stop worrying about what Dems are saying. Vote. Every election. All the time. Local elections. Federal elections. Every election. If Democrats continue with their I just don't feel like voting crap, then they deserve every loss they earned.Local power translates into national power if there is local power all over the country. Democrats simply don't seem to want to hear this. Vote. Vote. Vote. Talking does not lose elections. Not voting loses elections. It may feel satisfying to win an argument. It's more satisfying to win an election. I could care less about the arguments. Vote. Vote. Vote.
610	0	"This was said yesterday in a better fashion, but it is worth reiterating: The reason Jackson is suited for the seat and Kavanaugh is not relates to their response on being attacked.Kavanaugh threatened the committee and swore it a ""Clinton conspiracy"". Jackson did not call it a Trump conspiracy. That is the difference--a small, relatively insignificant one, but sufficient."
958	0	As an attorney, I'll just say it: mandatory minimum sentences are bullshit in ANY case involving ANY defendant. It's the very height of presumptuousness for a senator to think they understand a more fitting punishment for an offender than a judge. Period. In every case.
187	1	Congrats for escaping the cult!
265	1	Idk, what we re seeing is probably many factors at play. Trumps new form of politics contributes, also the CCP rising as a new dominant super power is oddly coincidental as its competitor nations people start infighting ( divide and conquer literal sun tsu stuff ) but thats a tinfoil hat observation. Social media algorithms to put everyone ktno echo chambers and playing to what thry focus on wjicj is outrage or conspiracy bs. Idk what else, and a fix or bringing people together idk i dont see how. The internet is peoples daily lives or a large part of it, what we havw currently deff is NOT working for the free world.Then with trump i really think it was getting this bad before him n he was a symptom more than a cause. To use oga ooga booga cave man simplicities, the left is constantly outraged and the right is constantly outraged that the left is constantly outraged and voted in a populist like trump that said all the things to piss off tbe left more creating this tit for tat escalation bs.
364	0	Your daughter is right about one thing imho. When I see a flag, especially on a pickup truck, I assume they’re trump supporters. That being said, you’re 100% right about reclaiming the flag. We have to try to persuade trumpers that they are following a delusional, ywannabe dictator. How do we do that? Absolutely no clue. I don’t think there’s anything we can say to them to change their minds.
872	0	Judge Jackson: Protestors who confront abortion patients at clinics and try to disrupt their medical appointments are a hostile and noisy crowd.Senator Marsha Blackburn: How dare you make such a hostile and divisive generalization!?Pro-life Republicans: WOMEN WHO HAVE ABORTIONS ARE CHILD MURDERERS!Blackburn: . . . . I see no problem?
636	0	Are the Republicans going to bring in Tucker Carlson, and Alex Jones, and Peter Pantsonhead to testify next?
220	1	So we hated trump for using the AG office as his own personal hit squad, and now were mad Biden isn’t doing the same ? That makes you a hypocrite jerkoff.
256	0	The lady calling 911 should face a fine for a false call ..500 dollars or 50 hours community service
114	0	Only snowflakes apologize [/s]
466	0	US flagpoles should probably have a builtin stop to limit them from flying above halfway, if we’re using “half mast” to denote tragedies like mass shootings.
324	0	You are okay. Your parents are okay. Your friends will probably be just fine.
65	0	Hot take for a liberalBLM is good, don’t get me wrong, and all lives matter is stupid, but defunding the police and treating them like shit is not the answer. They risk their lives for citizens like us, and a few bad apples don’t ruin the bunch. I just believe that they must be trained differently, and that there is still systemic racism in some parts of the country and that George Floyd didn’t deserve to die. Thank you for coming to my ted talk.
994	0	"Wow a senator actually know how the court works and not just saying ""I was a lawyer"" and then not knowing how to pronounce things."
408	0	"I don't have much insight to add to the conversation but just wanted to say thanks to all involved who are willing to have the conversation. At the end of the day, many politically involved people who are on the opposite side of the aisle from you are motivated by the desire for their country to be better, and we're usually more alike than we're led to believe. Playing team sports with politics and reducing anyone who disagrees with you to your enemy doesn't win anyone over to your side or advance your goals, it only entrenches you further into a position and makes you less likely to see it from other perspectives. I came to realize my ideological position on the left as a result of many conversations with those I disagreed with, and I think it's important to try and find common ground somewhere rather than give up and push someone away when they ask an uncomfortable question.2A leftie myself, I'm ok with most regulations that others have suggested in here, definitely not all about banning guns, though from what I've experienced the ""ban all guns"" liberal is more of a stereotype that you might see represented by a few loud voices online but doesn't actually exist in large percentages in real life."
320	0	Are the dems any better? Republicans spread genuine misinformation, but dems practice complete inaction with big talk leading up to it. It feels like a ‘hero’ without a cause vs a cause without a hero.
400	0	You don't understand the perspective that one can be in opposition to the ability to own a device that is purpose-built for killing? That is some fucked-up way of thinking, there.
989	0	So by tomorrow Dem committee members will have a giant list of Republican appointed judges that have sentenced way below guidlines.. or maybe even right now..
327	0	if you or anyone else decides to hate another person simply based on their political beliefs and how they vote, that's definitely a problem. for some reason people have decided that these affiliations define a person and that couldn't be further from reality. tbh, if your friends hated your parents for voting trump, you should find different friends.
904	0	Nice try, Sen. Dipshit ... tried to get her to say abortion was ok until moment of birth and failed horribly.
10	0	Question about classified informationDid Biden strip Trump and his lackys of their access to classified information? I don't remember that happening, but it's hard to keep track.
27	1	Republicans finally decided that their base needs to get vaccinated. What they have started to do is blame immigrants for the latest surge.If this doesn't work they'll find another lie. It's hard to tell if they actually believe this stuff. It's scary if they do and it's scary if they don't.
597	0	Lol Marsha--even your side's witness said that every victim is re-victimized when their content is reviewed again.
963	0	She is throwing so much shade at Ted everytime she uses the word Congress. Like, dude, you should know this.
212	0	This law is mainly aimed at shutting down doctors. Yes, they want to scare women, but they are trying to screw over the doctors.
930	0	> I didn't expect you to respond to my riff on packing the court.I mean, yeah. We all know that all your party is doing in this is grandstanding and trying to get soundbites for campaign ads.
322	0	My husband voted trump the first time. I was disgusted but we've been married for close to 40 years so it's not like I'm going to divorce him over it. Before the end of the first year he regretted it and now he's left the Republican party to become an independent. Maybe your folks will see the light too someday.
488	0	If the corpse really cared he would wave the Federal tax on fuel, but then that would go against the ones that are really in charge....
756	0	Too much for me. Had to turn off the stream for my mental health. I’m a survivor of childhood rape and abuse and it is a daily struggle. To see these grown men wield sexual abuse as a goddamn weapon to score cheap political points makes my blood fucking boil. I need a strong drink.
617	0	These are all theatrics and Jackson will be confirmed. Now fun will start in case there is a new opening on the courts before the mid terms. It will be funner if Democrats keep the senate and an opening comes up in 2023.
771	0	They are desperate to say Kentaji Brown Jackson and Child Porn together as much as possible, doesn't matter if it makes any sense.
555	0	Can we talk a little more about the Texas primary? If anything it shows that voter id laws absolutely affect outcomes. What can we do now to make sure our votes are counted on Election Day in states with restrictive voter legislation?
752	0	Hawley and Cotton are the worst.Like look it’s okay to be dumb.They’re smart people pretending to be dumb to score points with a paranoid, uninformed, hyper partisan base.Just once I was waiting for the judge to be like “uh, Senator, you know the answer to that. You went to the same elite law school I did and are…also a lawyer.”
445	0	"You've been duped.So many people gravitate toward a ""side"". It's tribalism, and it'll burn ya.We're no longer a tribe. We're too big to care about one another. The scope of the world is too massive for me to extend my ACTUAL compassion to every living human. We virtue signal, sure, but that's clearly not real altruism, that's merely the signaling of altruism, because the reality that we actually don't care about what's happening to nameless, faceless people even in the next few blocks over, let alone the next city, state, or country, is too hard for many to accept.So we gravitate into these ""tribes"" of politics. Democrat, republican, etc. The democrats aren't on your side, even if you identify as a democrat. The republicans the same. These are politicians we're talking about - authoritarians hell-bent on controlling your life by way of their personal ideologies. Their ultimate goal? To get reelected, by any means necessary - ESPECIALLY if part of their ideological perception is that the ""other tribe"" is bad.Authoritarianism in itself is the problem, and we should fight against that. Politics is about control. We should strive, I would argue anyway, to be apolitical: To strive to NOT control, but to discuss, and let one another live the way they want. This means reducing government, lowering and even someday abolishing taxes, and more.Government's role should be to protect you from the violent machinations of others, and that's it. It's not supposed to be there to tell you how to live, or to provide for you. That's the job of individual human beings, not government, and government is merely an idea, not a human being."
105	1	"I'm a Xennial myself, and, frankly, thinking back to the Reagan era, I haven't seen the GOP add anything that might be considered ""beneficial"" to the US or the world. Don't get me wrong, the Democrats aren't much better, causing plenty of damage, but at least they've tended to recognize reality and have at least made some minimal strives in the arena of civil rights. As to the concept of creating ""great things"" when the parties work together is pure bunk. The only thing the parties ever agree on is making sure wealthy people keep getting more wealth. And for the sake of argument, let's say you are trying to be a Lincoln Project type Republican. First, remember, it's very clearly documented that Lincoln was a racist, he just thought slavery was a bit much. The Lincoln Party is very much the same. So when it boils down to it, if you want to really apologize, don't be a Republican l, because everything you seek to offer is pure poison"
710	0	Today's the first day I've watched the hearings and heard Judge Jackson speak, but man she is impressive. Night and day from Trump's nominees. She'll make a great addition to the SCOTUS.
247	0	"""Mr. Pillow"" (sounds like something I would call my dog) is Mike Lindell. It seems Mr. Lindell still cares deeply about the 2020 election, according to this article.**MyPillow’s Mike Lindell Holds Conference To Show Election Fraud Proof Only To Provide Nothing***""Lindell hosted a three-day Cyber Symposium in Sioux Falls, South Dakota this week in an effort to prove his baseless claims that China interfered with the 2020 election and “flipped” the votes in Biden’s favor. Lindell promised factual data that would once and for all prove his theory, but the cyber expert he hired to analyze the data, Josh Merritt, didn’t find any evidence of fraud.""*[https://nowthisnews.com/news/mypillows-mike-lindell-holds-conference-to-show-election-fraud-proof-only-to-provide-nothing](https://nowthisnews.com/news/mypillows-mike-lindell-holds-conference-to-show-election-fraud-proof-only-to-provide-nothing)"
975	0	I have to give Brown Jackson credit. The fact that she hasn’t simply packed up her stuff and said “Thanks but no thanks” after today shows she’s completely dedicated to her work. What sucks is that she’s insanely qualified for a seat in the Supreme Court but none of her answers will be fully taken in. The Republicans are more concerned about getting their sound bite for their lemmings that watch Fox News so they can shit out another fundraising email talking about how they need money because they’re concerned about “CRT/abortion/gender”
732	0	I’m really tired of these questions, and allegations that she’s light on CP. Durban described it best when saying that 70% of judges face these same issues and she’s within the majority when it comes to sentencing below the recommendation. If they have such a huge issue with sentencing practices, then they need to enact laws that require mandatory punishments for these crimes.
118	1	Can't stand the trumpanzee's and never try to talk with them.
165	0	They are taking things way too far. I’m a vacuum, yah it could help COVID but causing way too much hate between the people and the government and being basically authoritarian it’s ridiculous some of the videos coming out and the laws being passedIt’s like banning cars to prevent car accidents…
964	0	OMG the sheer gall of this 88 year old white guy asking about her quoting MLK. Fuck all the way off Grassley.
245	0	How bout this: Put a sales tax on all stock purchases (and corporate acquisitions) which are made outside of a 401k or IRA
759	0	All this shit reminds me of what [Lindsey Graham said about Ted Cruz](https://www.cnn.com/2016/02/26/politics/lindsey-graham-ted-cruz-dinner/index.html) during the 2016 Election. Something like...>If you killed Ted Cruz on the floor of the Senate, and the trial was in the Senate, nobody would convict you.I'm sure he was half joking, and I'm being extremely generous with that.
997	0	For those who missed it, Ted Cruz came out as pro racist babies, this must explain his pro life stance a little more. Ted Cruz wants more racist babies.
608	0	"If I never hear the term, ""critical race theory"" ever fucking again it will be too soon. The GOP is just not letting this boogeyman go, it's enraging"
822	0	The thing is, there are going to be people who legitimately believe she loves child porn or some shit. This is wild.
