852	not sure	How many people have you asked that you think it's common?
836	not sure	People with (not natural) immunity get the diseases😒😒😒😒 Edit. Scaredy cats
280	not sure	Make sure she has all her piercings out
575	not sure	I think in this Sunreddit fortunately we are safe. Outside of this group I'd be concerned. It's not my meme unfortunately, found it on FB.
208	convinced	I am ⚪️ single ⚪️ taken 🔘 vaccinated
609	convinced	You sound like an escaped antivaxxer who snuck onto the wrong thread.
932	informative	Zerg just admit that if a vaccine contains thimerosal it contains mercury. &#x200B; However it does contain mercury, the mercury is basically locked in the compound.
725	informative	"Or thimerosal. Citation( for anyone who is interested. It's the table right before ""References,"" towards the bottom of that page."
47	doubtful	"Measles has never been eliminated. There have been cases every year since the introduction of the vaccine. Numbers vary by year. In 1982, there were 1,697 reported cases of measles in the US and public health officials stated that elimination was around the corner. Then a resurgence occurred between 1989-1991 with over 53,000 cases. As a result of this increase, children were required to get a second dose of the vaccine. In the year 2000, when the US declared it ""eradicated,"" there were still 86 cases of measles. Then take into account vaccine strain virus shedding after MMR. Reports of throat, blood, and urine samples all testing positive for vaccine strain measles infection up to 5 weeks from vaccination. Vaccine associated measles 5 weeks post vaccine( Measles in Throat of Vaccinated Child( Excretion of Vaccine Strain Measles virus( During the 2015 California measles outbreak, many suspected cases actually occurred in persons who were recently vaccinated. 194 measles virus sequences were collected in 2015, with 73 cases found to have actually been vaccine strain measles. 2011 New York, report of 88 person measles outbreak started by a twice-vaccinated individual. Measles Mary( Can measles truly be eliminated if the live virus continues to be injected into the population with vaccines? &#x200B; And since you sent me a study discussing MMR, thimerosal and autism. Here's a link to a hidden CDC study of vaccinated vs unvaccinated. It compares children receiving the thimerosal containing Hepatitis B vaccine during the first month of life. The results of this study were never released by the CDC and an abstract was only obtained under FOIA request. Children vaccinated with Hepatitis B vaccine in the first month of life compared to children receiving no vaccines in the first month of life had an increased risk of 762% for autism, 829% for ADHD, 638% for ADD, 565% for tics, 498% for sleep disorders, and 206% for speech delays. CDC unpublished vax vs unvax study( &#x200B; &#x200B; &#x200B; &#x200B;"
985	convinced	"This greatly upsets me. I am autistic. But as you can tell by how I am writing this, you can tell that it does not affect me. It merely affects how I process things. You see, vaccines help greatly and they actually help you prevent death(not 100% but more than those who are unvaccinated) . They have rid the world of polio and other uncommon or no longer existing diseases. There is also actual scientific evidence that vaccines work. And the ""vaccines cause autism"" thing? Yeah, caused by a doctor who paid kids at his sons birthday party to give blood, manipulated data, and sold the false findings for money. Correct me if im wrong, but sme like you are pro vaccine. I agree with you. I'm also pro vaccine."
337	convinced	Also....the vax comes in a multi-dose vial....how ya gonna put chips in it?
581	not sure	You mean like how literally ANY person would respond to being asked if they're fine when nothing eventful is happening to them?
155	convinced	"For the sake of argument, let's assume that world government, Bill Gates or whoever else is ""really running things"" wants to secretly monitor the population. They already have the means to do this and most people voluntarily carry it around in our pockets. Smartphones can track not only your location but also your internet activity and your conversations. There would be nothing to be gained from the supposed microchip"
692	not sure	Besides the vaccine issue, she’s okay. Both of my parents like her, even though my mom is not anti vax.
862	not sure	We were discussing evidence that human vaccines cause autism. You are doing a Gish gallop, providing lots of articles that are not about autism. You could provide me with a 1000 articles, but the quality is so low they mean nothing.
790	not sure	the CONCEPT that molecules are NOT the sum of their atomic parts ALWAYS shines through Ok, this is true, but thimerosal is still toxic and compounds of toxic heavy metals are still toxic in the VAST majority of cases Do you know what mercuric, gold, or palladium catalysts are? Irrelevant but yes, I do Your ignorance shines through your words. I am not attacking you personally, just pointing out errors in your statment, so please don't attack me
572	not sure	Obvious troll, antivaxers don't use essential oils to cure autism
241	informative	You sign a consent and that removes a lot fron the facility. How they react to your allergic reaction is what they'd be responsible for. Get a thorough informed consent and ask questions.
992	not sure	With a quack quack here and a quack quack there...
788	not sure	The implications of what? More often than not there have been cases when suppose substances, habits, practices etc... Where the norm and were considered beneficial by consensus in different times in history later to be proven to be damaging in general, usually there were underlaying factors not taken into account, one example the constant use of antibiotics like amoxicillin will cause a surge of resisten bacterias due to mutation and evolution. As you seem I'm speaking in general I hope you don't believe vaccines in general are excluded very likely you don't know the full picture still your response gave me many insight that I will take into consideration. I called you autistic bc I could sense rage and haughtiness in your post.
980	convinced	Car insurance compensates for damages to your vehicle and health insurance compensates for injuries to you, so does this mean that car and health insurance companies are actively trying to cause car crashes?
498	convinced	"So.... one ""excess event"" for 730 vaccinations, or about 0.14%. That's.... not very much. And how many were bad enough to require hospitalization? That is after the 18 month vacicnes, it was 1 in 168 after the 12 months vacicnes, as the first dose of a live vaccine vaccinates you against the side effects of that vaccine So.... just about zero difference. The study primarily revolves around trying to reduce febrile seizures to a point lower than where they are, i.e.: reduce side effects even further. Febrile seizures were a minority of the side effects in that study"
107	convinced	No, you aren’t. If you’re so paranoid that you refuse to believe in science that’s been widely practiced for hundreds of years and prefer to instead think that every scientist, every doctor, every nurse, every researcher, every drug company, every drug manufacturer, and every politician in the US is part of some big conspiracy because you have some sEcReT iNfOrMaTiOn then you A.) get a medical exemption, or B.) home school. It’s not that complicated. You have the right to say what you do and don’t want to put in your body, and everyone else has the right to say they don’t want to accept the risk of fringe cases who are willing to put their entire community at risk of contracting a potentially deadly and preventable disease so that they don’t have to get a shot that the other 99.9% of people are fine with. It’s a matter of personal responsibility, and your rights end at the tip of everyone else’s nose. But this idea that “They” are pushing to make the vaccine mandatory is laughable to anyone who doesn’t get all their information from Instagram wellness influencers or YouTube videos of guys in MAGA hats screaming in their trucks. Even if it was added to the list of suggested vaccines / ones that are required for school, it can’t be done under an EUA and would have to go through the full process for FDA approval, at which point it wouldn’t be “experimental” and antivaxxers would have a polio-crippled leg to stand on.
767	not sure	"Throwing a fit here? I'm just asking you not to speculate that I am somehow engaging in bad faith Are you really trying to tell me that OP's offhanded wordchoice is something you want to come and correct? It's not wrong, just ambiguous. I've seen people on here saying that unless all vaccinated people have autism vaccines cant cause it, that's what I thought OP was implying and why I corrected him, maybe I misinterpreted him, but if so you can point that out without all the weird speculation about my motives Why you have such a chip on your shoulder with vaccines I don't know. I don't even know what having ""a chip on your shoulder with vaccines"" means If you're going to be an ass and just downvote me because you're upset I downvoted you because you tried to derail the conversation into accusations about my motives"
839	informative	Antibodies are too high. This comes from not knowing acience. Their initial unstinct were correct but thats not enough nowadays. One has to know that excessive antibodies start killing other things when the disease they were made for is gone. 10 is the healthy number. Both of you are tricked equally
931	informative	 Zerg just admit that if a vaccine contains thimerosal it contains mercury. Well of course it does. I was just correcting their terminology: compounds are not forms of elements. The socratic method just backfired on their end when they couldn't follow through. However it does contain mercury, the mercury is basically locked in the compound. Yes. We would say that thiomerosal is a mercury-containing compound.
300	doubtful	Shut the hell up! You know vaccines are bad!
386	convinced	You are essentially carrying a location tracking device in your pocket for most parts of your day. Why still worry about trivial things like 5G implants
490	doubtful	Through baby todas life he has developed asthma and many other symptoms to a point where he died of getting vaccinated so many dang gosh times
918	not sure	I'm a bot, bleep, bloop. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit: - /r/vaccinehero Look in the comments( - /r/vaccineswork I almost died of vaccination( &nbsp;^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\(Info(/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^Contact(/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))
49	convinced	" Here is an explanation of how I calculated the measles death rate (including the 1 in 250 estimate) If you're curious, read it Okay, it says that MMR, thimerosal, and ""too many vaccines"" don't cause autism, but no one ever said anything about autism, so I still don't know why you brought this up"
216	convinced	I often see rebuttals created that are often hostile or attack ad hominem rather than their specific claims, something I believe we should avoid. We shouldn't stoop to their level, they can call us shills or indoctrinated sheep, but that should not affect our argument. We should have clear, evidenced rebuttals that address all aspects of the claim. Topics may include Mercury Mercury specifically in children Autism SIDS Herd immunity Resurgence of nearly extinct polio et al This should be a good starting point, but we should expand on certain topics. This will provide a good, standardized systematic way of combating their concerns and doubts. If they refuse our facts and evidence and still remain convinced of their pseudoscience, we need a canned as well to explain how not vaccinating can hurt others.
887	not sure	You’ll be fine buddy just don’t do stupid things for a selfie
73	informative	I’m still looking for the hg in vaccines, but I found a site with the hg in food. Here is the quotation and here is a link to the site. “Statewide average Hg concentrations in ppb were milk, 0.8; eggs, 12; beef muscle, 5; beef liver, 10; pork muscle, 11; pork liver, 15; head hair, 1708; soil, 30; rainwater and well water, less than one” As for the hg in vaccines for comparison, I’m looking it up. When I find it I’ll send it to you
125	convinced	"You asked why it was retracted. The article explains it. You making a coy rhetorical but opening yourself to easy jabs is, well, your own fault. If you want to point out the ""hypocracy"", then go ahead and do it. But saying ""m o n e y"" is only going to invite me to chide you with my favorite canned vegetable."
565	not sure	Why would you thank someone for being an idiot?
262	not sure	What's my motivation for lying, my only motivation is to save as many lives as I can, even if it's the life of a libtard
717	convinced	Read what i said further. Vaccines cause autism just like measles causes successful rich people. They didn't find any association. But sure, please educate me some more with conspiracy theories.
596	informative	 An 11% gender imbalance. That's not a clause to restrict all the vaccines to girls first.
669	convinced	So I’ll answer this as best I can, I am neither a doctor or an anti-vaxxer so anyone feel free to correct me/add on if I’m wrong: The mom is excited about her kids getting chicken pox because basically once you’ve had chicken pox you’re unlikely (or immune, not 100% sure which) to get it again. Before the chicken pox vaccine it was common to try to get your kids exposed to chicken pox young because I believe the older you are the worse it is. So basically she’s trying to prevent her kids from getting it worse by exposing them young. Which would make sense except we have a vaccine so they never have to get it at all. The point of vaccines isn’t just to protect you. It protects immunocompromised people who will her can’t get the vaccine, or can but are otherwise at risk of getting sick anyways. Two of my siblings are on immunosuppressants for other conditions they have. Despite being fully vaccinated, they get sick super easy and when they get sick it’s way worse because their immune systems are shot. So, like I said before, before the vaccine it made sense to expose your kids young to head off a worse infection later. Now, however, there’s no need to encourage the spread of a disease that could be dangerous for certain people groups (immunocompromised, elderly, young children, pregnant women, etc.). The whole “natural immunity” thing that anti-vaxxers like to tout is not really what they make it sound like. They like to say your body is naturally able to fight off infection/keep you from getting sick. Which is true, to an extent, but when your kid gets chicken pox they don’t have a “natural immunity” to chicken pox. They still got chicken pox. It’s not like your body miraculously protects you from ever getting sick. If you are concerned about your own health, I’d talk to your doctor. Since you are pregnant you can get sick easier. My personal, NOT MEDICAL, recommendation would be to stay away from your friend/her kids/her husband/etc until the chicken pox completely clears their house. Again, ask your doctor what they recommend, but I think steering clear is the safest bet here since you DON’T want chicken pox and pregnancy at the same time. That sounds terrible! Also remember that just because someone is not showing symptoms does not mean they aren’t carrying the disease. I’m not 100% sure how chicken pox spreads, so again please please talk to your doctor, but if your friend isn’t sick she may still be able to spread the disease to you. As far as shingles goes, I think maybe having chicken pox as a kid makes you more likely to get it but I don’t think you have to have had chicken pox to get it. Again, not 100% sure here so hopefully someone smarter is able to fill this in! Hope this helps!
309	doubtful	 Fever and chills means the immune system is making the antibodies for the COVID spike protein, so that’s not an issue at all. Oh yeah? So if people don't have the chills and a fever it must mean their immune system is NOT making the supposed antibodies. Therefore, the people who died, or felt nothing means that the injection didn't work properly. I got the second dose on Friday, was sick all of Saturday, and completely fine on Sunday. Get your head out of your ass. Sounds very much like the girl who just died from the injection: Ms. Penrod responded that she had her fingers crossed that March 10 would be the last day of her symptoms and it “goes away.” The next day she said she was feeling better “for the most part.” That was the last comment she made on Facebook. Ms. Penrod died on Wednesday, March 17, becoming the youngest victim this blog has covered for all of the experimental shots.( Peace Out ;)
803	informative	Ye, it happens when the cerebral cortex (love at the front of the brain) is pairing up neurons (brain cells), just before birth. When something goes wrong in that process, it can lead to problems that affect the baby's social skills. This is called Autismic Spectrum. As someone with Asperger's Syndrome myself, I should know.
877	not sure	The claim leads to extremely damaging actions. It's a stupid claim, and the backlash is exactly how it should be
848	convinced	"I do understand vaccines are healthy, and I never said or alluded to me being superior to you or anybody else in any way. And you asked for my IQ, don't act like I just stated, ""Yes, my IQ is over 2000."" I stated that I wanted to understand why anti-vaxxers believe what they believe, not that I didn't understand vaccines were healthy without contrary proof. Why are you being so argumentative?"
580	not sure	Like it seemed to be a big deal but after I asked it was immediately not. Schizophrenia?
864	convinced	 Because apparently it's better than the plague that's supposed to happen if we don't vaccinate. measles, pertussis, and any of the literally hundreds of vaccine-preventable illnesses are killing and permanently injuring people every second of every day, right now, and it's getting worse. Why do you think that outbreaks of measles are concentrated around neighborhoods with a low % of immunizations, and incidence of outbreaks increases with a decrease in the vaccination rate? Like, I would genuinely like to know why you think that might be. It's something that's happening right now in the real world. Also, okay, it's like... maybe stop causing autism and we'll take your vaccines.. but why can't you let us investigate it and fix it? Oh that's right, because we might find out you've lied over and over and over, covered up soo much data, ignored so many scientists, discredited respectable information and studies.. what
447	not sure	dont respond because they have a thick fucking skull and an incredibly smooth brain
484	convinced	1.) The movie they cited as their source, “Vaxxed”, was written by Andrew Wakefield. He is a former UK doctor who was hired by a group of parents to find a link between vaccines and autism. He published a study finding the link in the highly respected medical journal the “Lancet”. It was later found that he falsified the results of his study, and also performed very unethical and invasive tests on children with autism to “prove” his findings (think unnecessary spinal taps and other painful procedures). His was the first, and I believe only, article to be retracted in the Lancet in all its years of publication. Wakefield was stripped of his medical license and ability to continue practicing medicine in the UK. No doctors, in any country, have ever completed a study that replicated his results. An important factor of scientific studies is they need to be repeatable. If nobody else is getting the same results, his study is suspect regardless of the ethics of it (but that’s a huge deal anyways) I would be HIGHLY skeptical of anything that has his name on it. 2.) The movie Vaxxed is only showing one “side” of the story, if you can call it that. It’s meant to scare people and to convince them that vaccines are bad. It isn’t a sound source because it’s heavily biased and does not present all the information, only the information that supports their narrative. 3.) Vaccine injuries are a real thing. However, they are also incredibly rare. I am not a doctor, or medical professional in any capacity, so I don’t have hard science for you. But look at the number of people who have been fully vaccinated and compare that to the number of people who have vaccine caused injuries. My entire life, 99% of the people I know are fully vaccinated, and not a single one of them had any impairment attributed to vaccines. I’d do some research into the actual chances of vaccine injury. But I’m almost positive that the chances of a vaccine injury are significantly smaller than the chances of injury from other routine or necessary/life saving procedures that we don’t bat an eye at (think surgeries and the like) 4.) The hole in the logic of anti-Vaxxers that I’ve never heard them answer is this: if you break an arm, where are you going to go? Answer: the doctor’s. They wouldn’t think twice about it. I know anti-vaxxers who have rushed their children to the doctor for a high fever. However, they also claim big pharma is a conspiracy and trying to hurt you. If the vaccines aren’t safe, how can anything the doctor says/does be trusted? Either they are in on the conspiracy or they are dumb enough to be taken in by it, and either way how can you trust them? Also, the FDA approves the vaccines, and they also approve the other meds you might take/a doctor might prescribe you. How can you trust ANY of that if the vaccines are a huge conspiracy? You’re better off staying away entirely if that’s the case. 5.) The ingredients in vaccines sound scary, sure. I wouldn’t trust myself to mix a vaccine safely. However, I am not a doctor. I didn’t spend years studying medicine, and then following strict procedures and countless peer-reviewed and tested studies to have the know-how to make vaccines. Just like I wouldn’t trust myself to wire a house, because I have no experience, but I would trust an electrician. Or how I would trust a cardiologist to perform open heart surgery on me but I wouldn’t trust my husband because he isn’t a medical professional. 6.) On their whole “ingestion vs injection” thing; broccoli is totally safe to ingest. We recommend people ingestion broccoli as it’s very good for you. We do not recommend people injecting broccoli into their bloodstream. Again, I’m not a doctor, but injecting broccoli into your body will kill you. Should we get rid of broccoli? 7.) Vaccines seem unnecessary, but it’s because they work. Vaccines stop the spread of dangerous and even deadly diseases. When enough people vaccinate, it protects the vulnerable populations (elderly, very young, immunocompromised, and those who for one reason or another cannot receive vaccines). The disease cannot spread, causing it to effectively die out, or at least prevents it from becoming a pandemic. This whole Coronavirus thing is actually a good illustration of how bad a pandemic can be and how beneficial these vaccines are. Smallpox, measles, heck even the flu, all used to tear through communities and kill/injure a lot of people. Modern medicine helps, but the vaccines keep it from spreading like wildfire in the first place. When was the last measles epidemic? Or the last smallpox outbreak? We vaccinate for those, and while a case of measles or two might pop up every now and then, we aren’t shutting down cities because of an outbreak. I hope this helps! Sorry for the novel, this is everything I’ve been wanting to say to my anti-Vaxxer friends and haven’t really been able to, so typing this up was kind of cathartic.
418	convinced	"This is such a vapid argument. Society is a consensual communal existence. If you are unwilling to abide by the social norms, rules, customs, and laws of the society you chose to live in then you're more than welcome to go live alone in the woods and stop availing yourself of the benefits of civilization. Of course, you can try to change the rules too, but ""I DO NOT CONSENT"" reveals a fundamental lack of understanding about how...any of this...works."
147	informative	My sister and I both got the Moderna vaccine (both doses) from the same lots on the same days. I am 57; she is 55. I had almost no side effects from either dose. My sister had fever of 102 and felt like she’d been run over by a truck after her 2nd dose. Does this mean my pre-existing immune system started out stronger and didn’t need to work as hard to mount a defense as my sister’s? Or does this mean my sister built up better immunity to COVID than I did since her body mounted a stronger response to the vaccine ?
556	not sure	Probably this user is also an idiot.
323	not sure	Why can’t someone tell the truth and convince someone without a degree? I don’t now why does that count! Most inventors didn’t go to university but they changed the world !
37	convinced	Good job catching this error, but note that the case-fatality rate may have gone up in recent decades due to the fact that most people are vaccinated, so a higher percentage of those who get measles may be immune-compromised, too young to be vaccinated (natural infection leads to immunity that are passed on to the child, but vaccination doesn't as much), or adults (who get worse measles) Even so, way less people die of measles now than before the vaccine, because of the massive ( 20,000 fold) decrease in the number of people infected.
586	not sure	Yeah it's called a coincidence. Are they ok though?
438	convinced	"hoh, hoh, hoh, many! Such as ""There are microchips in the ""video demonetization virus"" vaccine!"" or ""Givernments use 5G in vaccines!"". And they never make any sense. We still are developing 5G and microchips can't go through a tiny needle, and probably never will."
409	convinced	It's not like vaccines weaken your immune system. They do the exact opposite. They strengthen it. They make you build immunity with much less risk of dying. And what you said is true, viruses don't want to kill us. But they will anyway. So why not take a vaccine and prevent that? You'll still get your natural immunity.
52	not sure	Thanks for explaining the issues you saw in my calculations, this was helpful. I would like to repeat my caution that you stick to reputable sources. What non-reputable source did I use?
599	doubtful	of course he had to be brave, he’s getting diseases that will harm him injected into his body. Disgraceful. 😔😭
687	not sure	Well, you can ask her how she feels about the fact that people at risk for dying because of the flu are predominantly those with underlying medical problems.
879	not sure	Haha very funny joke. r/comedycemetery
716	not sure	And the conclusion is definitely not what you dreamed of.
243	not sure	Maybe do research first and you can present s c i e n c e? You said you haven't done much research so, there's a start.
131	doubtful	Yes, quite obvious indeed. Vaccine industry is using the same tactics - My point Then link a paper about the known tactics of Big Vaccine instead of Big Tobacco. There was nothing wrong with Wakefield stud Then you didn't read your own link.
562	not sure	Pulling a line from The OC, “Great idea, I’ll think about that!” (I’m paraphrasing, but essentially the character was using this line as a push off technique to get out of further conversation without starting an argument that isn’t worth your time and energy.)
219	not sure	" I think this guy is probably doing these ""unvaccinated undesirables"" a favor by staying away from them. Nobody likes a pretentious douchebag, especially one that doesn't really understand how vaccines work. Don't worry about the down votes, I'm un subscribing to this sub anyway. I realize reddit is a pro vaccine community but you guys aren't even bothering to try to back up your position, you just automatically condemn anyone who doesn't think just like you. It's wrong and if what you're really worried about is children going unvaccinated, you've done nothing but convince these people that they're doing the right thing because you're nothing but a bunch of haters. How would you know if a child was unvaccinated unless the parents told you? Peace out and haters to the left."
95	doubtful	Because it wasn’t controlled and while the kids did gain immunity the experience was horrible.
808	not sure	Can you direct me to that study on dtp and brain damage?
82	convinced	Allow me to help by reiterating what that person said: Elements and compounds are the not the same thing. They have completely different properties and react differently to other elements/compounds. Example: salt (NaCl) is perfectly non toxic and is consumable. However, taken individually, Na and Cl are quite toxic. There. Education. :)
696	convinced	 You can reply if you like, I don’t mind. I’ve already said I wouldn’t be responding further as I don’t have capacity to take it all in and understand it! It's honestly for the best. That's a wall of text from a nuthead that I won't touch. I've had my fair share of dealing with antivaxxers and when I can, I help. But it's late and I'd rather sleep than read cray cray comments. Don't you worry, no matter what you'll say, you won't actually educate them. They're too far gone.
306	convinced	This is a serious subject and antivaxxer replies are often so off the wall it is hard to separate them from parody.
956	not sure	Oh my! 😳... This is what I call, succulent and intense! Thanks so far you all!
144	doubtful	They seem to be pushing a mandatory vaccination for COVID-19. There also seems to be several side effects and even a few deaths due to the vaccination. If I don’t have health insurance and I don’t qualify for Medicaid will I be covered if I have adverse side effects from the shot?
999	not sure	 Why is it sounding like I'm scraping the bottom of the barrel? You keep bouncing around erratically from point to point, never fully developing them and leaving them untouched after minor pushback. Look at the actual study. The conclusion just asks for more study. Why does that upset anyone? ...did you read your summary yet? It answers this question. Why did it first get published and then take so long to be retracted? ...did you read your summary yet? It answers this question. Why is the statement of retraction basically the same as the study conclusion? It isn't. You didn't read the paper or your own link. You didn't answer these main questions. ...did you read your summary yet? It answers this, so why should I?
415	informative	Right. Like, if rules don't exist then anyone can just wander into that person's house and kill them without consequence. Is that really the world they think they want to live in? It's a huge propaganda success that someone has managed to get so many people to be totally divorced from the very concept of a society with laws.
548	doubtful	What plague? Are you talking about the measles outbreak? The outbreak of the 'common childhood illness' where no one died and people used to laugh about on tv before large corporations had you believe it was the coming demise of the human race? And how would you know about adverse effects? At the WHO vaccine convention in December it was presented that there is almost no information tracked as to long term adverse effects for any vaccines. Yes they're great for saying it causes a sore arm but if its longer than the monitoring period (for example the hep b shot is monitored for 4DAYS) they won't even consider it. Why are you ok with this?
4	doubtful	"You'll have to read it again because I didn't say that, the CDC did. You say one flu vaccine but the CDC says multiple. Check the CDC link. To paraphrase, ""It's out of most single dose and in most multi-dose."" That's more than one. I can't keep responding to people who won't even read what they're disagreeing with..."
704	informative	"It's funny that. In England & Wales from 1901 to 1970 sudden and inexplicable deaths in under 4 year old's was a rarity with just a few cases per year. In 1961 the first measles vaccine was trialed here. 1961 saw a higher than ever reported morbidity of measles and a higher than average mortality, the 5 years prior to this we weren't even seeing 100 deaths per year which was quite the achievement given at the start of the century we were seeing up to 13,000 in a year, in 1961 we saw 152 deaths. 1962 they seemed to step back. No reports of any tests and the numbers showed it. Case rates plummeted, as did mortality. 1963, they officially star to use the first measles vaccine. Again, we see morbidity and mortality rise: If you look at the history of measles mortality, you see a pattern develop - low then high. Over the decades, mortality bombed. No NHS, no antibiotics, no vaccine, just improved living and better understanding. When you look at 1956 to 1960 and compare that to how the drop was constant up until this point, there was nothing in nature that should have allowed mortality to rise the way it did, the only difference during these times was the measles vaccine. Mortality was almost double what it should have been during these times. In 1968 an improved vaccine is released and measles rates settle. Uptake is slow, however, the interesting thing is the rise in sudden and inexplicable deaths in children under the age of 4 from 1970. Prior to 1970, there were 2, maybe 3 if any deaths in under 4's which couldn't be explained. Sudden and unexplained deaths in under 4's: 1961 - 0 1962 - 0 1963 - 0 1964 - 1 1965 - 1 1966 - 0 1967 - 0 1968 - 1 1969 - 2 1970 - 51 1971 - 250 1972 - 454 1973 - 581 1974 - 600 1975 - 634 1976 - 626 1977 - 690 1978 - 736 It got so bad, they even invented a syndrome. ""Vaccinated people live long enough to be adults and adults are meanies"" - sure, if you're lucky enough not to be killed and discarded as being just another unknown case of the mystery which is SIDS"
707	not sure	 So... You trust him to have found a correlation but not share it. That's not proof. It’s proof in court. Your erroneous beliefs can be contrary to the data at hand and unfortunately it will be null and void.
143	convinced	"Humanity does not live in reality, but rather, in sub-reality. People spend most of their time denying the truth, not seeing things for what they actually are. Initially, their intuition may give them the correct interpretation of something. But then, their social conditioning overrides their intuition, molding that thing into what society wants them to think it is. Thus, they are not able to think for themselves or interpret reality correctly. In other words, ""reality"" is what actually exists and what is actually going on, as opposed to the façade that society has placed over what actually exists and what is actually going on; nor is reality how one interprets something when in a state of psychological denial. For example, when it comes to the government informing the public about something, most people simply assume that their government is telling them the truth. But, IN REALITY, these people have absolutely no idea what is actually going on, and do not want to admit such an obvious fact to themselves! In society, critical issues, such as what the government is really doing behind the scenes, are simply blown off as being non-issues. Very convenient indeed."
269	not sure	"""your immune system is preparing itself to handle the actual covid.."" that's not scientific, what a useless information."
926	convinced	Yeah, a better analogy would be that you can’t taste the eggs in the cake, like how you can’t really access the atoms inside a 3D molecule without breaking bonds
479	convinced	even vaccinated kids spread pertussis, so avoiding unvaccinated people doesn't change your risk that much that's incomplete and misleading! no one spreads anything they have immunity against! so if you daughter has immunity against one disease, she won't spread anything. nor will she get it from other vaccinated kids. The increased risk from being around unvaccinated kids is really small this is also very misleading. while some vaccines to offer protection 100% in some cases, no vaccine is perfect. so if someone is unvaccinated, it's best to not let them play together if you know their vaccine status and you know they're unvaccinated. you can't protect the kids at all times, but when you can, just avoid staying around unvaccinated persons!
284	convinced	I’d be more worried about the person she sees trying to talk her out of getting the shot. Anti-vaxxism is a huge problem in the alt-health world.
889	convinced	I just want to make another comment to say that professor stick and other science yt channels said that the anti-vaxx movement would end up harming ppl. and look now
951	convinced	You’re here for answers yet when someone brings you an answer for why no one just exposes their kids to diseases anymore you try to argue with their explanation and you kept talking about how “they don’t hurt us directly” what else could you be talking about. Don’t try to backtrack and claim you’re pro vaxx when you very clearly aren’t
294	informative	You can't do the alternating caps thing. It was over before it started
950	not sure	Yes I’m repeating it because your statements and actions are contradictory. Clearly you can’t read otherwise you would realize that
13	convinced	"Because it is an ethylmercury you monumental dumbass. Also, just because there is mercury in the compound doesn't mean it's unsafe. That's like saying table salt is dangerous because it contains sodium and chloride. We obviously don't worry about the elements that make up what goes on or in most of our foods, why are you making a fuss about thimerasol? Oh yeah, because you're an idiot. Also, your analogy is shit. You could go get 40 vaccines at once and still receive less ""mercury"" than you would eating fish, and fish contains methylmercury, which is actually harmful. Even if we humored your ridiculous idea that the mercury in thimerasol is actually worrisome, which it isn't because thimerasol still isn't mercury, you should worry more about literally everything else because of the minuscule amounts of it. The dose makes the poison and your liver and easily handle less than a mcg of ethylmercury."
705	not sure	The joke is that they don’t like adults and vaccines keep you alive until adulthood so the kids don’t like vaccines
515	convinced	" Their immune system is burdened as well as purged of natural disease detourants. I don't think there is any evidence for this, and I struggle to imagine any biologically plausible mechanism that would cause this. Vaccines are not especially burdensom to the immune system. On the contrary we encounter a dozen novel antigens per day, and at any given point our immune systems are in the process of combating 1000+ different insults (though the vast majority are mostly harmless like pet dander or pollen). Moreover, today's vaccination schedule is far less insulting than the one our parents went through. Today's children get more overall needle sticks, but smaller doses each time, and there are fewer novel antigens in said vaccines. In the 1960-70s they had no good way to determine which antigens to target to provoke an immune response, so they basically used brute force. Some vaccines had hundreds even thousands of antigens like the old Pertussis vaccine. Probably only a handful were relevant, but they couldn't isolate them, so they just gave you the whole load. Today we're much better at isolating the relevant ones. I saw a paper about this a few years back, IIRC a child born in the 2010s will be exposed to about 150 novel antigens through the CDC recommended vaccination schedule, a kid born in the 1980s probably got 3000, and in larger doses (but fewer shots). We probably get 20,000+ per year naturally anyway. As such, the insult from vaccinations is not that unusual, and in fact, far less significant than actually getting the flu or measles. I don't think there is any evidence that vaccination makes people ""softer"". While hygiene theory suggest growing up in a sterile environment is a bad thing, there is no evidence that surviving horrible illnesses somehow makes you stronger. In fact, I'd wager the opposite. A serous measles infection for example, can royally screw with your immune system for years. As to your question, I can't imagine how getting routine flu and TDAP shots would make you more susceptible to something like SARS or nCov. I'd guess modern epidemics are the result of habitat destruction via industrial agriculture, and reckless slaughter practices, and increased human mobility. The 2014 West Ebola outbreak was not unusual in any biological way, the only thing that changed was that modern Africa is surprisingly well connected with significant flow of goods and people, whereas 1970s Africa was isolated and most Ebola outbreaks were easily contained."
751	not sure	My initial point that you seemed to think was wrong was that the rate of autism can't tell you if vaccines cause it, only the trend in the rate can tell you this, but not the rate itself
356	convinced	it's alright. why bother if it's bullshit? antivaxxers brought back measles to the USA, even if the propaganda is bullshit. and judging by your wording, you're antivaxx yourself. why are you here if you trust your 'information' so much?
121	convinced	The chemical pathway forEthel-mercury shows no damage to the brain. Ethel mercury has the same likelihood of causing Brain damage (regardless of age) as sodium chloride causing a cardiac event, as in the case of sodium Pentothal. I’ll
621	not sure	Yes, have you? If the topic is censored how can you do anything else but blindly follow the dogma dictated to you?
909	not sure	False. Nothing scientific in this statement. Just opinionated nonsense 🙄
895	not sure	I can tell you pertussis can make you wish you were dead.
983	not sure	Oh. Thanks for letting me know. I forgot about that part. Still though, what k8nd of person does that!?
472	convinced	how does this even make any sense? Can you please back up this information you have. How can you be immune and still be contagious? It's clear to me that you don't know how antibodies work then. It might take some time for me to find the source, but I will look EDIT: source here: Source: Basically you can have antibodies against a toxin that the bacterium produces, so you are not harmed by the infection, but not have enough antibodies against the bacterium itself, so the germs are still in you, and can be spread, but you don't feel noticeably sick sure thing, but the risk of being a carrier is higher than with vaccinated kids. that's literally a fact. Yes, and I never disputed that fact, I said the risk is low, not that it is zero
477	convinced	that's incomplete and misleading! no one spreads anything they have immunity against! You can be immune to illness without being immune to infection, meaning that you still can catch and spread the germs, but they won't hurt you Source: while some vaccines to offer protection 100% in some cases, no vaccine is perfect. No vaccine is 100%, but vaccines do substantially reduce the risk, just because someone is unvaccinated doesn't mean they are infected, this is why I said the risk is very small, I did not claim that there was absolutely 0 risk
863	doubtful	So you just ignored the 25 other sites? I linked that one because ageofautism is actually going to be one of the only unbiased towards discrediting Andrew Wakefield. To care about a websites name and not about the facts is a great and obvious way of avoiding the things you don't want to hear, by not listening to the opposing side, by not entering an open minded state, by avoiding reading what you might find uncomfortable and cognitively difficult. I as an anti vaxxer, always look at CDC, FDA, vaxyourkids.org, who, getvaccinated.org, immuniseyourkids.org, vaccinesaresafe.org, vaxopedia.org and the guardian. Because I'm not afraid to find things out, I want to believe as many true things and as little false.. And not looking at opposing sites isn't going to get me to that point. I'm not afraid to read into what people say against me, because it's better to find out what they're saying, creating a steep man father than making a strawman.
955	not sure	It’s actually a pretty good metaphor you’re just burying your head in the sand
295	informative	Was there, can confirm, it gets funnier too
729	not sure	Just because you found an article about vaccines on Facebook doesn’t mean everything on it is correct. May I see your phD in medicine that you worked hard on to get. what? Your only evidence is a pintrest post? Ok, that’s good enough
378	convinced	Please don't. If you get your father vaccinated twice, that is denying someone else's father to get vaccinated at all. I understand the concern. But don't be selfish. Maybe get his antibody levels tested for reassurance and definitely wait until everyone else has had a chance to get the vaccine before doubling up. There are many of us that are still on strict lock down and barely getting through each day as we pray that our high-risk loved ones can get the shot before catching the disease that would probably kill them.
641	doubtful	"Oh my you are a witty one arent you? I would propose there is a lot they dont know about the immune system, as exemplified by previously ""effective"" vaccines that appear to unexpectedly fail over many years, or immediately. Also, if there are known familial immune issues, why do they not propose a baby be tested for suceptibilities prior to being vaccinated? Would that not make sense? Surely you would agree there's a subset of the population that shouldn't receive them?"
753	not sure	It's not clear exactly what you think I was wrong about, you started talking about how you think being wrong is bad faith, rather than just pointing out what you thought was wrong If it's the latter, then yes of course it's bad faith. So if I was wrong and still haven't realized it, that's what you consider bad faith? that's not what bad faith means
58	convinced	“Your daily consumption of food has more mercury than vaccines” Right there dude, in a tuna can theres as much mercury as in a shot
798	informative	"So a couple things. They didn't link fluoride to reduced IQ in children, they found that doses higher than drinking water (and slightly above EATING toothpaste, which it's clear not to) can act as a teratogen and damage the child during a pregnancy. Since your post asks about Mercury, I'll explain that a little more. Elemental mercury isn't the same as organic mercury. If your only chemistry background was in high school or not even then, it's understandable that you may not fully understand this. Methanol, HOCH3, is extremely poisonous to humans on low doses. Ethanol, HO(CH3)2, so off by just a saturated carbon, is drinking alcohol. Not safe, but not poisonous at moderate doses. That's just a couple atoms. A better example might even be oxygen. Breathing in the oxygen you do, diatomic oxygen, O2, is MUCH different than elemental or ionic oxygen. One let's you live, the other rips apart DNA. That's just a couple electrons. The best example, as always, is table salt. Sodium in it's elemental,uncharged, +0 state explodes in reaction with water. Chlorine in it's elemental, uncharged form is an incredibly poisonous gas. But guess what? When these are combined, or for specificty's sake, one electron is removed from each, they become a flavorful, harmless salt. That's one electron that separates an explosive sodium with a dissolvable sodium ion. In that same spirit, the mercury that used to be in vaccines wasn't in elemental form. It was in this compound. That looks pretty complex, right? The way molecules are structured doesn't allow for atoms to ""be themselves"" when in a compound. Mercury here (in it's +2 state) can't do what we all know elemental mercury, or even worse, methylmercury, can do. It can't just break free and be a dangerous atom. The resonance forms from the ring as well as the heavy metal salt component make it a completely unique compound; not just the sum of its parts. It's much more complex than that. If that's too confusing, I'm sorry. That's the way it is. Hope it helps"
371	informative	I am also allergic to penicillin. I wouldn’t know how the Covid vaccine would have anything to do with that. Did not cross my mind at all.
271	doubtful	Most of this comment is wrong If you’re so paranoid that you refuse to believe in science that’s been widely practiced for hundreds of years No vaccine in use today has been used for hundreds of years (though that is probably a good thing) Also I have already had my first dose then you A.) get a medical exemption, or B.) home school. Medical exemptions are only if you have a documented contraindication, and homeschool is impossible for some people, so yes, requiring vaccines for school does in fact force people to take them, some states also require vaccines for homschool But this idea that “They” are pushing to make the vaccine mandatory is laughable to anyone who doesn’t get all their information from Instagram wellness influencers or YouTube videos of guys in MAGA hats screaming in their trucks Wrong
974	informative	Observational studies would be suitable for this.
169	doubtful	A girl I work with had two strokes after getting a flue shot. Has any one else heard of this?
239	not sure	Art thee sure t didn't just stick to that lady due to did sweat? ^(I am a bot and I swapp'd some of thy words with Shakespeare words.) Commands: `!ShakespeareInsult`, `!fordo`, `!optout`
207	not sure	We aren't literally giving him measles just letting him know we don't like him or his ideas. I'd appreciate it if you could help me get this going! Thanks.
358	convinced	That would be odd. I write vaccine recommendations for a job.
874	convinced	I do realize there are people who says that vaccines can cause autism, but still recommend vaccines. However, I think they are wrong and causing fear as they are telling people that their pediatricians are wrong about vaccines not causing autism.
600	not sure	Wheres all your info to back any of this up? Seems like you're just pulling numbers out of your ass tbh
509	informative	Did you know prior to getting 'immunity' from the measles shot, infants were protected through breastmilk from their mother's naturally acquired immunity? The 'immunity' acquired through the shot isnt passed down through breastmilk thus creating the need to receive shots for life when the immunity wanes. And whooping cough? Read on... Protection from the TdaP vaccine doesn’t last very long - Harvard Health Blog - Harvard Health Publishing
434	not sure	"I didn't say it was a political debate, I said that saying ""fuck you retards"" to peopel who are wrong only makes them more sure of their wrong beliefs"
585	informative	"She also claims to have slight schozophrenia but if you asked how she is doing she would say ""fine"""
34	not sure	Why are you deleting all your comments?
634	not sure	so should there be a ban on broadcasting extreme sports competitions? they're pretty dangerous you know
433	convinced	Anti vaxxers are just stupid I don’t think saying that does much
311	not sure	You do know that every cell in our body has RNA, right? And it’s not exactly unknown
701	not sure	Don't use skeptical raptor, he has made a lot of mistakes
475	not sure	With some other commentary attached, yes.
331	not sure	you can look up all these statements - they are indeed facts!
473	convinced	What the heck are you talking about? You can be immune to illness without being immune to infection, meaning that you still can catch and spread the germs, but they won't hurt you how does this even make any sense? Can you please back up this information you have. How can you be immune and still be contagious? It's clear to me that you don't know how antibodies work then. just because someone is unvaccinated doesn't mean they are infected sure thing, but the risk of being a carrier is higher than with vaccinated kids. that's literally a fact.
615	convinced	See claims like this annoy me, same with autism rates. Could it be better access to healthcare meaning more people get treatment? Could it be advances in medical sciences leading to better diagnosis rates? Could it even be that these stats are just entirely made up out of their arses? Nope. Course not. Vaccines!
7	informative	Doctors recommend vaccines for whatever you're most at risk for considering the area you live in.
421	convinced	I was going to make fun of anyone who is and I thought you were but I am vaccinated and think anyone who is anti vaccine is dumb
266	doubtful	You realize more people have died in the last 4 months from these vaccines than all vaccines combined in the last 20 years. Yall honestly deserve what's coming for being the asleep behind the wheel. They tell you they want to depopulate, they stir up a virus, they make a dangerous experimental vaccine that kills every animal they tested it on, now they say to the sheep, roll up your sleeve. Might as well throw yourself in the incinerator and cut out the middleman for these nazis
56	convinced	I really don’t understand what you’re asking for. I read our conversation, made sure the article I linked to was referring to my second sentence (“there’s more mercury in your daily consumption of food than in vaccines”), read the quotation (the specific part that refers to my sentence is the last one, talking about tuna cans), checked you request, but I really don’t know what you’re asking for now. What are you trying to say by “references”? I linked the article and quoted the relevant part. I don’t understand your request at all
384	convinced	Also, how would you draw up the micro chip from a multi use vial?
183	doubtful	"It may or may not be this. It could simply mean ""they do cause autism, and this is an issue, it doesn't mean vaccines must be taken off schedule right now. or ever, but it must be talked about."" So if anyone does claim they do, just remember, that they are only claiming one thing. Not anything else."
391	not sure	A for trolling. I hope there are many contenders vying for an A+.
871	doubtful	1) Autism is not just... genetic, it's a behavioural diagnostic term for anything that leads to its criteria, such as brain damage, gut health, biology etc.. Or, genetic abnormalities. Or, environment. It's a biomedical, neuropsychiatric, and environmental disorder. 2) Various vaccine → damage links. (yes a dreaded YouTube video, my goodness, what's next, a still image of a webpage that displays text? Oh my it's just a medium to present information for fucks sake). 3) Andrew Wakefield, who was actually never charged for falsifying data, that was Brian Deer's successful attempt at discrediting, attacking, and misrepresenting his opponent, and a claim that he spread to the masses, such that today, we have people still believing Andrew was jailed, and falsified and lied and made up data. When none of this is true. Extra) (ignore first image, I disagree with it, because vaccines are used in the dozens of MILLIONS whereas measles only occurred in the dozens of thousands (although we don't know for sure, since diagnosis of measles is difficult for doctors that rarely ever experienced measles prevelancy). Summary) Well, many many scientists believe vaccines aren't safe, and believe there's alot of crap going on in the realm of vaccination and in the medical community and the media community. You know why there aren't many scientists who are against vaccines? Well, because when they are, they get fired, and awesome now we don't have to call them scientists any more. If you retract all the science against vaccines, well no shit, the science is bare and not there.. But that's because you only let science that agrees with your BELIEFS stay on the map.
200	convinced	Hey all, on my podcast we will be discussing vaccinations on an upcoming episode and I will be helming the pro vaccination discussion. I don’t want to come across brash by just taking the stance of ‘you’re a moron if you don’t get your kids vaccinated’ rather I would like to have plenty of facts and information to back myself up. So if you have any of that, please feel free to link whatever you’d like.
100	convinced	Anti-vax is promulgated by Russian trolls.( Any way they find to create a more divisive America is fair game to them. And, hey- if it ties up our hospitals with kids sickened by preventable diseases, that's just bonus in their eyes.
59	not sure	So... the second one... is the one I said to provide a citation for. Gotta be able to track the conversation or we can't have one...
494	informative	10: This is interesting but jumps to conclusions, it basically says that autistic children have an abnormal immune response to measles virus, as well as autoantibodies against the nerves, but from what I can see in the abstract there is no way to tell if the autoantibodies and abnormal response to measles are both the result of an overactive immune system, or if the abnormal response to measles virus was responsible for the autoantibodies If autism is actually caused by immune response to measles virus, then wouldn't measles disease also cause autism? 11: Once again comparing different countries, creating a serious issue with many confounding variables, same problem as #3
894	not sure	My daughter never cried for any of her shots, she shrugged them off like a real trooper.
146	doubtful	You guys don't know the impact this will cause to children. They will be damaged for life, believing they are unsafe in a land of lawless, ruthless scummy terrorists you call medical professionals. This is literally 1984, yet you sheeple call it 2021! What will help is natural medicines, and organic food. It causes cancer. Wake the hell up, know your facts.
685	informative	If you are referring to the Wakefield study you are incorrect. There were 12 authors on the paper. Only 2 drs on the paper lost their licenses and one was given their license back after appealing. When reviewed, the accusations were unfounded. Wakefield was in the US and didn’t file an appeal. The paper is not fraudulent and it doesn’t even say the mmr vaccine causes autism. The paper stated that the parents reported that the kids regressed into autism after the MMR and they concluded that there was a connection between autism and gut health and suggested more studying was necessary. More studies have corroborated their finding: And And Wakefield made the mistake of being outspoken on the need for further safety review and studies for one vaccine and he was made an example of. Also, the debate with the MMR started before Wakefield when the pharmaceutical companies decided to ignore the evidence that it was causing meningitis. - mmr vaccine caused meningitis in Canada, but they continued to use it in UK and knowingly caused meningitis Brian Deer, the journalist who railroaded him worked for the Sunday Times, owned by News Corp and Rupert Murdoch. Murdoch’s son James Murdoch had just gotten a job at GlaxoSmithKline who made the MMR vaccine. That is what is called a conflict of interest and explains the lies Deer spread. Overview: John walker-Smith wins appeal What the study said: “These studies, together with our own, including evidence of anaemia and IgA deficiency in some children, would support the hypothesis that the consequences of an inflamed or dysfunctional intestine may play a part in behavioural changes in some children. “ ... “We did not prove an association between measles, mumps, and rubella vaccine and the syndrome described. Virological studies are underway that may help to resolve this issue.”
396	convinced	Yeah, I generally would ignore most of that nonsense online. While obv super dangerous any doc or nurse will set a parent straight and kids can not attend school in all 50 states w/o vaccinations generally. In regards to Covid-19, the vast majority are hopeful but optimisticly awaiting FDA and peir reviews of Pfizer and Moderna. And yes, all of those methods utilize rna which is groundbreaking and that's gonna freak some people out. I personally think it's cool and have been reading up on rna application in biotech for 20 yrs.
893	not sure	You can sue vaccine manufacturers. Kinda wasted your time, bud.
316	not sure	You keep using words but its clear you don't know what they mean.
176	doubtful	"I want to be humble and open minded and I'm skeptical. I'm asking in this place bc I don't know where to start. First of all I have 2 boys one is 6 (I stopped following the schedule of vaccination) the other is 6 months (never vaccinated). Please excuse my English. BEFORE you jump with your outraged let me clarify why I'm doing this PERHAPS I'm wrong, people won't realized many ""anti-vaxxers"" are just normal parents unsure of what is the right thing to do and they just don't trust institution for good reasons but all of them are being ridiculized with memes for example, this type of behavior reminds me discussions from circumcised people (supposedly an advantageous practice) fluoride in the water (recently scientifically proven to reduce iq in children), the supposed benefits of Masturbation and porn consumption when I personally have a life changing experience with NOFAP while when you Google Masturbation first page shows articles from the Huffpos, Bustler etc..about the wonders of said habit. Add this my own personal experience and people I know irl, in my quest for knowledge I found my own vaccination schedule, I got 27 vaccines before I was 18! Mumps, chicken pox, measles included, ironically I got these 3 diseases anyway, mumps at 6, chicken pox at 19 measles at 9-10. Even worst I'm autistic irl something I'm not proud of (I live in perpetual embarrassment) this only adds more sceptisim honestly I wanted to learn from ""both sides"" but most ""pro-vaccination"" people seems to be unconcerned individuals who only enjoy making jokes and memes about the whole subject I use to be like that until the day I was a father, I have no doubts there are people working to improve the world but let's not forget sometimes science takes a while to catch on maybe they just don't know any better the bad news pharmaceutical companies do have motives to promote vaccination just check the cost of each unit your government have to pay."
180	convinced	Hello, I have a friend pregnant with her first baby and she's afraid of vaccinating her baby, however she just seems to have seen only one or two videos and might be swayed. I'm not good at finding good links and resources. If ylu guys would help that would be bomb. I dunno if she believes the autism thing but to cover the major myths I think would be good to start? Km not good at reddit so if there's a thread I should read a link will be greatly appreciated. Thank you!
834	not sure	Youre an idiot . i gave you an exact answer.
766	not sure	" I'm just asking you not to speculate that I am somehow engaging in bad faith I'm not speculating. That's what you're doing over and over. Why you're doing that is the speculation, but I never tried to put a label on that. I've seen people on here saying that unless all vaccinated people have autism vaccines cant cause it, that's what I thought OP was implying and why I corrected him, maybe I misinterpreted him, but if so you can point that out without all the weird speculation about my motives At the least you're dealing with a strawman. There simply isn't enough substance to even gather that from the title. I've already pointed that out separately. That you keep doing it is what is bizarre especially without actually expanding or tying it in to any substantive conversation. I don't even know what having ""a chip on your shoulder with vaccines"" means Are you familiar with the idiom( I'm basically saying you're always trying to prove something, and usually not literally about the topic at hand. I downvoted you because you tried to derail the conversation into accusations about my motives That's not what downvotes are for, even if we take that explanation at face value. Comments and threads can evolve in scope. If you don't want to go there, then stop engaging on that point. Besides, I never accused you of specific motives. That is, again, your misinterpreting of my comment. And you've been doing a lot of that lately. This wraps back around to the idea you have a chip on your shoulder."
19	convinced	I agree with the statement because it's true. That doesn't mean there is mercury in vaccines. Just stop. You lost as soon as you posted, and then decided to double, triple, and quadruple down on your idiocy.
806	convinced	Dude you know autism is a genetic defect from birth right?
68	doubtful	I created the Vaxfact site using references to reliable sources, I understand you don't like the way I did some calculations, but all the data I based the calculations on was from the CDC
795	informative	This isn't right, organic mercury includes both thimerosal and methylmercury, and is MORE toxic than elemental mercury, however, thimerosal isn't bad as methylmercury, but is still extremely toxic, except for the fact that very small amounts are used in vaccines, and it has been removed from most vaccines entirely There is a huge difference between heavy metal toxicity and simple unstable elements like sodium and chlorine, so this analogy really doesn't work
453	informative	But genetics is one of the only widely excepted factors.
231	doubtful	Wrong my neighbor died 48 hours after the first shot he coughed up a blood clot and bleed out before emt's could get on site. Thousands of blood clot reports are out there. NYS judge has halted the mandatory vaccine for medical workers after 17 doctors came forward and asked for the halt . Granted my brother in law had a neurological attack shortly after the first dose. The evidence is every where you only need to look closely.
616	informative	Should be amended to include all the measles cases here in the Pacific Northwest
53	doubtful	"The information I provided is not wrong. It's from a 2017 study in the Journal of Clinical Microbiology. One of the co-authors is CDC Division of Viral Diseases official Rebecca J. McNall. Identification of Measles Virus Vaccine Genotype( McNall wrote, ""During the measles outbreak in California in 2015, a large number of suspected cases occurred in recent vaccinees. Of the 194 measles virus sequences obtained in the United States in 2015, 73 were identified as vaccine sequences."" This proves that the measles outbreak was in part caused by the vaccine. &#x200B; Vaccine strain isn't the same as the pathogenic strain. This isn't scary for anyone except those undergoing chemotherapy and other immune-depleting situations. McNall contradicts that by explaining that vaccine strain reaction (rash & fever) is clinically indistinguishable from the natural disease. You need genotyping to confirm the origin and distinguish vaccine strain cases from wild-type cases. So by you saying that vaccine strain measles is only scary for the immunocompromised, and CDC stating that the reaction of vaccine strain and wild strain is identical, it proves that the general public should NOT be worried about measles. It is a mild illness to everyone but, as you said, ""those undergoing chemotherapy and other immune-depleting situations."" &#x200B; Also, thank you for showing me the 2004 Thimerosal study. You've uncovered something interesting. The 1999 study is titled Increased Risk of developmental neurologic impairment after high exposure to thimerosal-containing vaccine in first month of life. It states children who received the Hep B at birth had an increase of 762% for autism, 498% for sleep disorders, and 206% for speech delays compared to children that did not receive the vaccine. The conclusion: This analysis suggests that high exposure to ethylmercury from thimerosal-containing vaccines in the first month of life increases the risk of subsequent development of neurologic development impairment... &#x200B; Oddly, the 2004 continuation study is the exact opposite. Titled Safety of Thimerosal-Containing Vaccines: A Two-Phased Study of Computerized Health Maintenance Organization Databases. In this ""Phase II"" study, they've re-analyzed the Phase I data and suddenly found no increased risks for autism or attention-deficit disorder. Conclusions. No consistent significant associations were found between TCVs and neurodevelopmental outcomes. Conflicting results were found at different HMOs for certain outcomes. For resolving the conflicting findings, studies with uniform neurodevelopmental assessments of children with a range of cumulative thimerosal exposures are needed. &#x200B; I have a feeling that you regard everything the CDC reports as unquestionably true. But even you might find this a bit sketchy: \- In 1997, Congress mandated the FDA to complete a review of mercury in drugs and food. \- In 1999, CDC conducted their study, found incredibly concerning data, and instead of making it public, they decided not to publish. \- In 2001, the CDC removed or reduced thimerosal in all childhood vaccines because of safety concerns. \- In 2004, they published the continuation study that suddenly found that thimerosal was safe all along. And to resolve this obvious conflict in data between Phase I & II, they suggested that more studies of children exposed to thimerosal were needed. Conveniently, thimerosal had already been removed... &#x200B; &#x200B; &#x200B; &#x200B; &#x200B; &#x200B; &#x200B; &#x200B; &#x200B; &#x200B; &#x200B; &#x200B; &#x200B; &#x200B; &#x200B;"
246	not sure	Did they test for Fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva (FOP)?
913	informative	Believe it or not if you go to the vaccine injury website www.vaccineinjury.info and look up Stories of unvaccinated children with autism, it gives people's accounts of their unvaccinated kids getting autism. A lot of them have 0 vaccines.
709	not sure	That's not how it works, but sure. You do your statistics.
814	informative	He got his license back, only one other doctor that helped with the study lost their license and fought to get it back without much of a battle, because he was able to get it back
23	doubtful	I never once said I was concerned about thimerosal. But allot of people feel like they should be, in no small part because doctors and medical professionals are lying about it, to millions of people. If you want to encourage vaccine participation, that's bad isn't it?
336	informative	People thought the 95% efficacy was for the virus. This is a myth. Listen to Fauci on March 10, 2021.
570	convinced	I used to be antivax, I have a good idea of how people actually think when they are scared of vaccines, but this just sounds insane and incoherent, you are trolling
811	informative	When people realized that DTP caused brain damage in some cases in the 80s some people speculated that this could manifest as autism, but it could have started before that, when Leo Kanner first described autism in 1944, he noted that one of the autistic children became autistic 1 month after a smallpox vaccine, while there wasn't evidence that the vaccine caused the autism, he did make a connection
481	informative	The increased risk from being around unvaccinated kids is really small, a 2 year old in the US has had many vaccines but has not yet had boosters of MMR, chickenpox, and DTaP However the risk is low, even one dose of MMR will probably result in immunity to measles and rubella, and likely mumps too, while one dose of chickenpox vaccine should reduce the risk and severity if chickenpox if they do get it As for DTaP, diphtheria is incredibly rare in the US, even the the antivax communities where there have been measles outbreak there isn't diphtheria, and tetanus simply can't be spread from person to person even vaccinated kids spread pertussis, so avoiding unvaccinated people doesn't change your risk that much
113	doubtful	What a ridiculous statement. Watch the Plotkin testimony and see how much a vaccine patent makes. Wakefield was vilified, the Truth is coming out. Vaccines are bad, very bad. It is tobacco all over again.
168	doubtful	My wonderful daughter hailey got what seems like autism from vaccines she got! 1 vaccine made her autistic and the doctor lied to us saying she wouldn’t become autistic. we are now curing her autism with essential oils like lavender and using crystals to purify her mind and spirit
762	not sure	"but I AM arguing in good faith You can't be doing that and insisting on one strictly incorrect interpretation of OP's wording in the title. I'm not interested in continuing discussion which someone who derails the conversation by insisting otherwise. You constantly divert time and energy to go out of your way and not talk about the ""argument"". Which appears to just simply be ""OP wrong"" because you read it that way. But if you want to stop...then stop already. If you want to start...then get to it. I've done nothing but engage what you've said consistently and you've done nothing but shy away from any real talk time and time again."
362	not sure	I'm not quite sure I understand your point. You have absolutely no citations to the things that you are putting out there. Are you just ranting or something?
697	doubtful	"They can back with this: using double blind, inert-placebo, randomized studies is the gold standard in science for a good reason. there is only one way u can get around using such safety studies, which is the use of a prior tested medication or vaccine in a double blind, randomized, inert-placebo controlled study, so that the safety of this medication has been proven prior properly, to be used as a control group in an non inferiority type of study, this however was never the case for any vaccine. and i don't care what a WHO expert panel says, the WHO being a huge part of the pro vaccine push, despite refusal to do proper studies, so why should i listen to an appeal to authority, to an agency, that literally throws oil in the fire of fear of people against people, who are educated and refuse to vaccinate. and i literally linked 2 sources in the last comment, that showed u, that aluminium in vaccines is an acute exposure. ""An aluminium adjuvant in a vaccine is an acute exposure to aluminium"" and i linked u a 2nd source showing, that extreme levels of aluminium are found in the brains of autistic people: ""aluminium in brain tissue in autism"" so i assume u haven't even read them? question: if we find the neurotoxin aluminium in the brains of autistic people, where does it come from according to u? could it be, that vaccines are the source? oh wait it is the highest source for it looking at the first paper doing some basic math, the first infanrix hexa vaccination being 3x the load of aluminium to the 56 day old baby, as they got their whole entire prior 55 days of life through breastfeeding, the math is clear, the science is clear. Doesn't cross the brain's barrier, doesn't accumulate, doesn't do... whatever you and the others claim today. skeptical raptor calls it pseudoscience, yet we got a clear delivery way and source and we find it in the brain at extreme levels, so it CLEARLY crosses the blood brain barrier, how about u read the sources i give, before u state your believe of the opposite? You can reply if you like, I don’t mind. I’ve already said I wouldn’t be responding further as I don’t have capacity to take it all in and understand it! Thanks again for the help earlier!"
730	informative	It’s a comedic innuendo meaning three younger kids dress up in a trench coat to act/pretend they are older, usually used in the reference to get into an adult movie or anything related.
543	convinced	The fact that that number fluctuates so vastly from antivaxxer to antivaxxer is pretty telling of its veracity
25	convinced	Sodium explodes in water and chloride is a poisonous gas. So, tell me, why are you concerned about thimerasol?
289	informative	Luckily, my symptoms only lasted 1/2 day. I'm happy to feel a bit less anxiety around ppl.
197	convinced	First of all, to not give your child vaccinations is completely illegal. Secondly, the fact that vaccines cause things like autism is bull crap. Autism is a condition that happens at birth. While the exact cause of autism is unknown, there is no scientific evidence that states vaccinations cause autism. Lastly, vaccinations contain very weak forms of the virus the vaccination protects you against. Your body produces white blood cells to fight against these forms and produces the right antibodies for it. So if it ever got back into your body, you have the antibodies ready. Sincerely, MY816 Edit: Jesus I made this to make a point. Not to start fucking world war 3 in the comments
11	convinced	I didn't admit there are. Two vaccines contain thimerasol. That is a compound and not an element. If you'd like, I'll start a GoFundMe to put you into a basic chemistry class so you understand the fucking difference. Jesus Christ, it's literally been like arguing with an anti-vaxxer. You cannot retain anything taught to you, no matter how many people explain it to you.
988	not sure	The food that would be ingested by the children that are in early graves
628	not sure	You're basically saying i would rather risk a tyrannical government (extremely dangerous) than have the possibility of people going unvaccinated, by allowing anti vaccination information on the internet (mildly dangerous) A lot of people are saying this, it is really disturbing that we seem to have forgotten that censorship is destructive to democracy, and think a tyrannical government is OK as long as it agrees with us
233	not sure	Are known for being gullible? cause it sounds like she is bull shitting.
734	not sure	Probably, I’m pretty sure you can die from it.I think Eazy E died from complications of aids and I don’t want my tombstone saying “he died cause he didn’t check if she was tested”. That’s embarrassing.
655	doubtful	Congress passed a bill 1986 taking away all Liability from the manufacturer of all vacccine in cases where vaccines has cause harm to child . There has been over 2 billion in settlements due to vaccines causing illnesses and even deaths, research yourself people , talk to Many open minded non Controlled Dr’s that tell The truth
242	convinced	I don't think there's any metal in the vaccines so... 👀
276	doubtful	My point exactly if I’m forced to inject something into myself and I have an allergic reaction who’s fault would that be?
77	convinced	I really can’t imagine you’d have any other point given anti-vaccine propagandists never bring up mercury unless it’s to talk about how it’s toxic in vaccines. But have fun in your echo chamber.
916	convinced	Zero links to autism and the charts argument is debunked due to classifications issue's with ASD (autism) and making it easier to find and I'm the only one out of 23 students in my class with autism and they are all vaccinated and hey if it was not for people with autism we would not have Alternating current or Pokemon.
698	not sure	" Ehhh your first point is kinda missing the point. I think he meant ""biologically"" as in, like in my comment above, aluminium won't accumulate in the body and/or create long term adverse effects. Will give it a read tomorrow though. Thanks"
444	doubtful	Posts like this only add the the problem by making it look like pro-vaxxers are bullies
594	informative	That there is only an 11% gender imbalance yet the HWO is advocation a 100% gender imbalance in vaccination. However, there is probably a reason for this based on epidemiology, not sexism
67	convinced	"The problem is the calculations themselves and the idea that layperson napkin math is uncovering some ""truth"" hidden by trusted sources, or an ""error"" in their reporting. It's the attempt at synthesis of new information with no education background that makes Vaxfact itself a site of misinformation, which is supposed to be its antithesis. "
89	doubtful	So no one has ever been hurt by the mercury in any vaccine ever?
393	convinced	 A study published in 1998 - since discredited and withdrawn - associated the measles, mumps and rubella vaccine with autism. But the concern it sparked among parents lives on. “People didn't like that they were about to be injected with a biological product they didn't understand, and that was the birth of anti-vaccine movements,” Dr. Paul Offit, director of the Vaccine Education Center at the Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia, told ABC. Experts say, there’s work to be done to ensure that happens. As distribution of the first 2.9 million doses kicks into gear, public health experts prepare to parse fact from fiction. “There's a lot of work that has to be done to ensure that the vaccines that come forward that we trust in them, that we trusted the science was done right,” Besser said after months of whiplashed messaging -- and years of systemic inequality. “A casualty of that approach is trust.” “I think it's okay to be scared,” ABC Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Jen Ashton said. “It's okay to acknowledge that - it means you've been paying attention. But in medicine and science, we have to go on facts, not fear.”
154	convinced	Regarding the comments that I have read and heard about the vaccines for COVID19, but especially about the Russian Sputnik V vaccine, I have given myself the task of studying some scientific texts and making a compilation of them to make them known to you. , below I share ABOUT THE RUSSIAN SPUTNIK V VACCINE The Lancet, one of the most prestigious medical journals in the world, published the results of the trials of the first and second phases of the Russian SPUTNIK V vaccine, which demonstrated the following: 1 The human adenoviral vector platform is effective, despite concerns about the possibility of pre-existing immunity to adenoviruses. 2. The optimal safe dose was selected that allowed a humoral and cellular immune response to be achieved in 100% of the participants, including those who had had an adenovirus infection. 3. The use of two different vectors allows for a more effective immune response. 4. The level of antibodies against SARS-CoV-2 in volunteers vaccinated with Sputnik V was between 1.4 and 1.5 times higher than the level of antibodies in patients who had recovered from covid-19. 5. It has an efficacy of 91.4 percent against the SARS-CoV-2 virus, and 100 percent to prevent serious symptoms of the Covid-19 disease. At the same time, no serious adverse events were found in those vaccinated with Sputnik V, while for other vaccines this parameter ranges from 1 to 25 percent. Several other companies are also using platforms based on human adenoviral vectors for their vaccines against covid-19, such as Johnson & Johnson, which uses the Ad26 vector, and China's CanSino, which uses Ad5, while Russia's SPUTNIK V uses two adenoviral vectors, Ad5 and Ad26. It is worth mentioning that the platforms for vaccines used by other countries, such as the chimpanzee adenovirus vector (OXFORD-ASTRA ZENECA, who by the way are studying the possibility of jointly applying their vaccine and SPUTNIK V to increase its effectiveness) or RNA technology (PFIZER-BIONTECH), which had never before been used in vaccines that have passed the PHASE 3. Nor have they been subjected to long-term studies on their possible side effects on the human body, such as the risks of developing complications related to cancer or their effects on fertility. Messenger RNA vaccines (PFIZER-BIONTECH-MODERNA). The greatest concern with this type of vaccine has been its instability, its low efficiency to introduce them into cells and to express the antigen. Also of concern has been the fact that RNA can stimulate inflammatory-type immune reactions, which is why all these factors have partially limited its development. RNA is a very unstable molecule that requires extreme maintenance conditions (below 80℃), is easily degraded by enzymes, and is not internalized efficiently. However, this technology also has advantages. It is relatively cheaper than other types of vaccines and, above all, it allows a new vaccine to be designed in record time. Once the genome of the pathogen is known, the first vaccine prototypes can be produced within weeks, making it an excellent tool when a new pathogen emerges for which a vaccine is urgently needed, such as in a pandemic. In this case, speed is a greater benefit than the problem of its instability. Moderna was able to design its mRNA vaccine against SARS-CoV-2 just six weeks after the virus genome was made public. MY OPINION. On the one hand, the Russian vaccine takes advantage of already proven vaccine models, innovating in the sense of using two vectors instead of just one. It is a model that, although it does not have the effectiveness shown in messenger RNA vaccines, is safer in terms of adverse side effects and is just as effective as the vaccines that we all know so far and that we have applied. On the other hand, Pfizer and others are betting on the future and on the economy, they may have stumbles this time, but the progress they are going to achieve is savings in years of research, even so, like the rest of the vaccines, the challenge will be that in the medium and long term they are effective and that their adverse effects are minimal to be able to compare them with the traditional model of vaccines that, whether politicians and villamelons like it or not, is effective and safe. CONCLUSION? I am optimistic, the vaccines against COVID19 discussed in this text have scientifically demonstrated that we can continue to trust science to solve and prevent health problems such as pandemics.
673	convinced	Lol the flu vaccine doesn't work, ask half the people who take it.
417	informative	Yet she posts willingly on social media 🤦🏼‍♀️
299	not sure	YOUR PROBABLY PAID BY MULTIPLE PEOPLE TO SAY THIS!
726	not sure	I was just thinking I haven't posted anything to r/BadVaccineScience is a while, thanks for the idea! EDIT: that site is so full of many kinds of errors it is hard to tell where to start
199	convinced	Hey all, on my podcast we will be discussing vaccinations on an upcoming episode and I will be helming the pro vaccination discussion. I don’t want to come across brash by just taking the stance of ‘you’re a moron if you don’t get your kids vaccinated’ rather I would like to have plenty of facts and information to back myself up. So if you have any of that, please feel free to link whatever you’d like.
510	convinced	"People that are pro vaccine want more progress to have a safe way to prevent potentially preventable diseases. Most pro vaxxers do NOT think that the human body is completely figured out. Pro vaxxers WANT evience; they want to know the effects of vaccines on the body just as much as anybody else. Censorship of ideas IS wrong and it should not happen. But people that want other people to be vaccinated are trying to help other people. People pushing pro vax ideas are not fascist. They want to promote health. And people that are against vaccines are likely to be thr same people that call out and ostracize people that are pro vax just as much as the other side. If you don't want to take the flu shot then that's fine, but you are calling out pro vaxxers for being ""ignorant"" while the same could be said for everybody. Getting a vaccine is not the same as being experimented on. You are not kept under lock and key being monitored 24/7. An unrelated side not is that if you are thay careful about injecting vaccines, you should also worry about the foods that you are feeding yourself. In general, you NEED to be aware of the risks and benifits of many things like vaccines, food, oils, clothes, and many other things. (Another side note is that you probably should not use reddit as evidence to debunk herd immunity)"
39	convinced	"The 1 in 1000 fatality rate from measles is a known calculation error by the CDC. Nah. It's actually closer to 1 in 10,000 or 0.01% of cases. It's actually closer to 0% in areas where it's been eliminated, due to vaccination. There's also a whole host of terrible sequalae associated with the virus. And the known fact that anyone framing a situation as ""the only thing you should care about is the rate at which you will literally die"" is a complete asshat. "
206	informative	Made for the lay public. Discusses vaccines and other topics. Great if you love sarcasm. And please share if you love it (or even if you hate it).
530	informative	It is quite common for scientists to grow and use human tissues in medical research. The HeLa cell line( due to the controversy surrounding the family's lack of compensation. These cells were harvested from the cervical cancer of a woman names Henrietta Lacks, and have been propagated in labs around the world since (some labs are making profits growing and selling them to other labs). They are extensively used in cancer research, so overall a good thing to have, but does the family of Ms. Lacks deserve a cut of this profit? Anyway, two other cell lines (both from aborted fetuses from the 1960s) are commonly used in vaccine research and development. So the answer is, kind of. They aren't buying fetuses from Planned Parenthood and grinding them up to add to the vaccine. But some vaccines were developed using these cell lines. Note that many drugs also make use of such cell lines, it'd be very hard to avoid them all. Cell lines like these are one of the foundations of modern medical research.
943	informative	Immunology is a complicated science. Assumptions are that a vaccination is life long protection. Viruses and bacteria mutate over time. Some faster than others. Measles virus hasn't changed much over time, where as the flu changes yearly. Also, now this is a speculation, that to not have to maintain antibodies for everything we come in contact with, the body makes room to be able to learn new ones. This may be an adaptation to free up resources for survival. Also adaptations aren't perfect and what we think the way life should adapt is just our misconception that life is all about us.
446	informative	"Multiple reasons. There are a lot of incentives to jump through hoops with any vaccine that ""works"" well enough in studies and is feasible to produce. Also, there are many many laboratories, universities and pharma companies that want in on this. The fight to be ""first"" will be more important then waiting for the safest and most efficient vaccine (guess where the money is). This also includes political willingness to say ""this is good enough, spread it"". So proper vaccine scientists warn that the temptation to approve any vaccine will probably be an issue. Also, there are many new technologies being used for this vaccine, some of them never before used for vaccine development in humans. There are a lot of unknowns, so experts are saying ""let the science be done, don't rush it"" In terms of liability, most vaccine manufacturers have some protection against direct lawsuits and this is actually good for the consumer."
482	not sure	You really can't. Its like trying to debate a flat-earther, or someone who denies the moon landing.
525	not sure	Because it spreads misinformation, swaying potentially weak minds.
768	not sure	"Maybe I did, could you clarify? I said that, for whatever reason, you wanted what OP said in the title to be wrong. I think you took that as me saying you wanted him to be wrong, as in that vaccines cause ASD. All i'm trying to ""shut down"" is a ridiculous diversion into false speculation about my motives for saying the title is wrong Yeah, exactly what I thought. Like I don't get you. Why did you come to this thread? Are you really trying to tell me that OP's offhanded wordchoice is something you want to come and correct? It's not wrong, just ambiguous. And there's literally no greater principle to clarify or talk about...because we already did that and you weren't interested. the reason I think it is wrong is because if vaccines caused something it could affect 1 in 1 million kids or 1 in 5, or anywhere in between And the reason you are wrong is because: that would still be discernable in the rate. It took you this long to say it and when you finally do it's not even contradictory as I've been saying this whole time. Why you have such a chip on your shoulder with vaccines I don't know. If you're going to be an ass and just downvote me because you're upset, why are you here? You're the one who will be the first to tell people to calm down and be reasonable and yet you're just throwing a fit here."
635	not sure	Yes, because it's dangerous. It's it right to censor people advocating blowing themselves up in the name of their God, even if it's bullshit? Yes
267	convinced	Besides you event put the references to justify your sentences, When debating with antivaxers, its like doing the same with a flat earther or a religious cultist, or tring to stop the ocean waves... you never win. &#x200B; “The glory which is built upon a lie soon becomes a most unpleasant incumbrance. … How easy it is to make people believe a lie, and how hard it is to undo that work again!” – Autobiographical dictation, 2 December 1906. Published in Autobiography of Mark Twain, Volume 2 (University of California Press, 2013)
370	not sure	In what way is it weird may I ask? Have you heard about atopy?
915	not sure	I have 2 questions 1 what is your country? 2 WHY DID YOU NOT CONTACT THE FUCKING POLICE THIS IS CHILD NEGLECT!?
678	doubtful	Ms copy paste. It's one thing to quote smth, and it's another to misinterpret and cherry pick it. 😂 /u/jf_queeny you have an infested pro diseaser here.
837	not sure	The titer test tests you for antobodies for a certain disease to see if you have immunity against it. How can you say then they are not immunity, and if they aren't a form of immunity, what are they, why are they also called immunoglobins, and why are they the immune system's main way of fighting diseases?
967	informative	"They're referencing the same ""study"" which is an online poll about the first decade or so of your child's life from memory. It also recruited anti-vaxxers preferentially, so the sample is non-random. But if Doodle Polls count as a scientific paper, then the second one is spot on. And careful! They're all white except 21 participants, even though apparently /u/toxicchildren is actually very concerned about the breakdown of race. Guess we can conclude, ahem: We can draw NO universal conclusions from this study."
559	convinced	" How does the hexavalent vaccine and the insurance system matter? Different vaccine, different indications and schedules. Obviously insurance system will affect antenatal care and screenings, which affect the risk/benefit analysis for something like the Hep B vaccine (which, again, is not the same as the vaccine you're mentioning in the UK). It's just a different healthcare system. That there are different immunization schedules isn't particularly surprising or even necessarily meaningful. Aren't babies particularly sensitive when they are first borne? The vaccine is tolerated fine, so I dunno what else this would imply that's worth addressing. I was thinking that it makes more sense not to give unneeded vaccines or medications on the first day of life just to improve compliance It's not ""unneeded"" on day 1 any more than day 60 or day 600. You derive more benefit from earlier vaccination by definition. It also improves compliance because you already have started the schedule, informed the parents, and can test the mother. although if there are testing errors I can understand this That and screening insufficiencies, etc. Why are you always so hostile? Why are you always quick to make sweeping and uninformed judgments? I've just got no patience for such nonsense, and if you have any intellectual honesty then you'll grit your teeth, take the lumps where you've earned them, and be better for it. You might benefit from reading about this: "
842	not sure	Ok, I was wrong, apologies, I have now deleted the comments.
568	not sure	D- effort, dude. I've seen better trolling by toddlers.
293	not sure	Thee can't doth the alternating caps thing. T wast ov'r ere t did start ^(I am a bot and I swapp'd some of thy words with Shakespeare words.) Commands: `!ShakespeareInsult`, `!fordo`, `!optout`
878	not sure	Yes, very much lot of hahas. thank you
109	doubtful	”…the company knew there was asbestos in products aimed at mothers and babies, knew of the potential harm and “misrepresented the safety of these products for decades.” Johnson & Johnson to pay $2.2 billion to end U.S. drug probes $750 million: Johnson & Johnson ordered to pay in baby powder case Johnson & Johnson to pay $572m for fueling Oklahoma opioid crisis, judge rules Johnson & Johnson settles Ohio lawsuits to avoid federal trial J&J unit to pay $360 million to U.S. to resolve charity kickback probe
148	doubtful	Do you ever wonder why we are given an experimental drug that injects unknown synthetic RNA for the first time ever into billions of people? It's not even approved by the FDA and pays no regard to previous laws and regulations put in place to avoid this level of dangerous and deadly unknowns. Watch our show with Celeste Solum at
99	convinced	100% agree with you, these people have trust issues and use Google for 2 minutes and believe vaccines are bad. They have lifes and even if you have a low chance of measles you are spreading it around to other people increasing it. Vaccines are good and you should trust the government.
381	convinced	Should not take Pfizer. No one should be vaccinated twice until all have been vaccinated.
345	convinced	You cannot catch shingles from a vaccine you got, as none of those vaccines you list contain the virus that caused shingles, whether the blatant virus in your body was able to flare up due to immune system effects of the vaccine is a question for r/Immunology
134	convinced	"I am trying to seek advice on how to convince my friend to get the vaccine, she is extremely anti vaccination because she says that they do not know ""long term effects"" the vaccine might have. I feel quite hopeless as I am not a doctor and have not done much research into this, however I have tried to tell her that it is far better than the alternative which is being in the middle of an epidemic like there is in India at the moment. Any advice, articles or help you could give would be GREATLY appreciated."
544	convinced	Generally, no vaccines don’t help you build overall immune health. If you count helping build general immunity to different strains of a single virus then yes, but other than that not really.
244	not sure	Poor kid. What grade had that in a science book?
135	informative	After you get a live vaccine do you need to stay away from elderly / newborns / immunocompromised? I can't find any solid studies that show vaccines can spread disease. In fact, all I can find are studies debunking this. But sources say in theory it could happen. So just curious if anyone has better info or links to help me out
590	not sure	Yes it is thank you. I appreciate the compliment
158	convinced	I got the J&J vaccine about 40 days ago in their phase 3 trial and don’t have any problems after some initial minor nerve pains in my legs. They closed the one shot trial but have a 2 shot trial still open so my wife got in that one and her first shot is in a few days so I’m hoping she gets the vaccine also and not the placebo. I looked at it as a way to get a vaccine earlier and it worked. But if I got the placebo, they said we would get the vaccine once it is approved so again I would’ve gotten it earlier. Or I could take another vaccine if one became available. My goal was to avoid catching COVID and get a vaccine. So these phase 3 trials from J&J and other companies are a way to get a chance to get a vaccine early.
459	convinced	So many spelling and grammatical errors, so much misinformation, clearly an idiot on the internet who thinks vaccines are the cause of autism.
368	convinced	It shouldn't be a problem unless like me you are mildly suffering from atopy. Stay safe and get vaccinated, as it's worth the risk.
838	convinced	"One has to know that excessive antibodies start killing other things when the disease they were made for is gone So you are basically saying that the ""natural immunity"" was lost over time, which proves that argument you use is as shit as People make it look. That immunity must stay there to barely even count if you want them to be fought back in the future"
884	not sure	higher chance of cancer.. not higher amount. 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️ There's a difference between rate/likeliness/ratio And quantity.
366	convinced	This article really seems to just be asking what ifs and then he comes to the conclusion that if you can be vaccinated, you should be. I don’t know why the covid vaccine would contain penicillin, so unless you do have atopy, there wouldn’t be any reason to be worried.
405	not sure	Thank you I really appreciate you taking the time to say that
946	convinced	This is an interesting idea, and running out of antibodies is the reason mumps and maybe pertussis are coming back, but measles is mostly infecting unvaccinated kids
425	not sure	So I'm not allowed to use the internet because I think people shouldn't be exploited?
927	informative	Yep, and that kind of identity doesn't make sense on a chemical level. Eggs are macro items with intermediate constituents between 'egg' and 'atom', which is not true for chemical compounds. So it isn't a good analogy to illustrate allergies, since atoms are haptens and cannot trigger allergic reactions individually.
911	not sure	Fix your grammar before you try to prove anything.
865	not sure	"Is Age of Autism ""real science and facts"" to you?"
941	not sure	What you said here didn't really make much sense. if you can rephrase in a more lucid manner, it would be much appreciated.
50	convinced	"Okay, it says that MMR, thimerosal, and ""too many vaccines"" don't cause autism, but no one ever said anything about autism, so I still don't know why you brought this up I just explained it. I thought you were the other poster who is an antivaxxer. I provided a general resource debunking the core pillars of antivaxxer nonsense. And, to be clear, OP and the conspiracy squad have mentioned autism. So it is directly relevant to the overall discussion, just maybe not to you. I don't know why you find this is so bothersome. If you want to know what's in it, read it. If you like it, save it. If you don't find it useful, don't worry about it. Repeat as necessary. As far as I'm concerned, there's no reason to mention it further. --- Here is an explanation of how I calculated the measles death rate (including the 1 in 250 estimate) Great, let's break that down. CDC lists a death rate up to 1 in 500, but mentions that before the vaccine there were thought to be 3-4 million cases and 500 deaths each year, which would be a 1 in 6,000-8,000 death rate There are three incongruous parts meshed together with one bad assumption: 1) The mortality rate of measles is ""up to 1:500"" 2) Pre-1963, there were an estimated 3-4 million cases of measles annually 3) Pre-1963, there were 500 deaths annually For the third point, this is, according to the CDC source, from reported measles deaths. This is not an estimate, it is an average value of actual, reported cases. This is true for pre-1963 era. For the second, this is an estimate of the total measles morbidity annually prior to 1963. This is probably accurate for pre-1963 era, but comes loaded with a 25-33% error range, not including a particular confidence interval. For the first, the mortality rate is based on data from both before 1963 and after. This is derived from confirmed measles cases and confirmed measles deaths. Nuance is lost in the first point since you've lost the range, which is 1-2 per 1000. Additionally, this value is reported in an intuitive way (X per 1000) rather than the more scientifically meaningful way, a decimal number (2.0 per 1000; 0.63 per 1000). You can make the denominator increase or decrease 'large' amounts for relatively small movements in actual case fatality rates and with no or little meaningful statistical resolution between the two. And to belabor the point I've already made, you are comparing estimated morbidity with known mortality. That is apples to oranges. If you had an estimate of morbidity with an estimate of mortality, you could have at it. What's interesting, then, is that to get your 1:250 number you compare known cases with known mortality, not estimates. And this is further massaged by picking, presumably arbitrarily, 1994-2014. If we, also arbitrarily, include up to 1988 then we get a CFR of 0.0022 or roughly 1:450. If we just look at the outbreak of 1989-1991 we also get a CFR of 0.0022. If we just take the first five years of reported values starting at 1950--which has a combined 40 times case numbers than the entirety of 1988 onward--we get a CFR of 0.001 or roughly 1:970. Which rounds out a nice estimate of 0.001-0.002 or 1-2 per 1000. And yet in the first paragraph you have picked a single range--with no mind for data collection, statistical confidence, attack rate by age, or other extrapolation issues--while ignoring the repeatedly collected and congruent information which suggests this homebrewed estimate is wrong or not informative as packaged. But I appreciate you explaining how you calculated it. Vaxfact seems like a very dubious website, as an aside. I would like to repeat my caution that you stick to reputable sources. "
343	informative	You got the herpes shingles from the herpes chicken pox. Herpes sucks.
186	convinced	I'm 49, and just had a Measles titre. I have no antibodies left from my childhood immunization, and therefore must be re-inoculated. I also found out that a titre on my Chicken pox vaccination from 15 years ago, I'm left without any antibodies either. I've never had Chickenpox. Why has the media not caught on to the concept that the resurgence may not just be about anti-vaxxers? It might seem that a good deal of this might have to do with us older Americans running out of antibodies.
815	not sure	The formaldehyde I don't think is a concern at all in the dosage of a vaccine, but you still can't assume that anything safe to eat is safe to inject, this just isn't a valid argument without addressing the specific effects of that chemical.
784	doubtful	"I'm not using it as an insult I'm just describing what I see, also I want to be specific I don't enjoy having to be self conscious of myself is not a ""self-steem"" issue neither but it is necessary to call things by their exact name like for example describing my height is 1.78 mts or my weight etc... Someone said thiomersal is removed from some vaccines and it is now recommended to stop being used all together by researches this only proves there's need to be more investigations etc... Also just today I saw several transexuals I've no doubts this ""kind of people"" always existed but from year 2005 until today there have been a resurgence at least in my region of course I'm NOT blaming vaccines for this I'm only bringing this controversial subject to illustrate my point there are 'things' being used in large scale affecting general mental health."
529	convinced	"A ""boosted"" immune system is what would be called an autoimmune disorder and is not a good thing. Vaccines provide the building blocks for your immune system to properly fight off a virus when it comes into contact with one. It allows your body to make antibodies to these diseases. Generally, without being vaccinated, your body has to have time to make these cell mediated responses and fight off the infection, then it's stored in your immune systems memory. Vaccines allow you to create this memory without contracting the actual disease. Some of the things we vaccinate for don't have a good prognosis either, like tetanus or polio."
184	doubtful	Vaccines have a huge side effect, vaccines are shots filled with heavy metals that will cause this side effect which is It allows me to grow to a adult.
642	not sure	" ""should"" have immunity for measles and hep b but don't as verified by titer checks required for work. I must be bucking some serious odds in that case. yeah, indeed. because the immune system doesn't work like an exact machine. exactly like your brain. sometimes... IT FAILS on working properly."
478	convinced	For now, yes. She will need boosters throughout her life to keep/increase that protection. But since the primary vaccination is completed, she is protected for now.
338	doubtful	As of today we have 0 vaccines for SARS AIDS MERS combined And the flu vaccine which was developed 70 years ago, changes every year, because the flu virus changes every year, and showed efficacy of 40.25% on average for the past 16 years And what? 90+ % efficacy from something made in 2 days and tested over 9 months? And what about the variants? South Africa / Switzerland already rejected AZ Oxford vaccine because they saw it did not show efficacy against the South African variant
254	not sure	Read the report or not. The choice is up to you.
817	not sure	However scientists have studied the dosages of these substances in vaccines and found them safe at the low amounts used. That may be true, but the comparison is still meaningless
285	convinced	Yeah the 2nd one. She always goes to see this person that puts magnets all over her body and finds convenient “viruses” to explain what is going on with her. I know it’s not real so I haven’t said much to her about it letting her go to it cause she’s convinced it makes her feel better. I’m just hoping that these magnets don’t do anything to the efficacy of the current vaccine she has, is all. I feel weird asking it but here we are lol.
677	convinced	Science doesn't care what you believe. Science is hard and palpable through hard evidence. Which you are manipulating hard. Like larry crook. If science were only to care about treating symptoms, then epidemiology and vaccines wouldn't exist. Because prevention would be irrelevant. But guess what. They exist. Gtfo
777	doubtful	Obviously changes is autism rate, or lack thereof, could prove or disprove hypotheses about vaccines causing it, but OP appears to be saying that the rate itself shows that vaccines aren't the cause, which makes no sense
829	not sure	I wasn't and you did nothing to disprove them or me. But keep being angry that we don't want to die from outdated diseases.
550	not sure	Oh hun. You're so far stunted regarding the vaccine argument that it's really just too much effort. Go back to bed.
875	not sure	Your opinion is that it is backed by tons of real science but very few scientists agree. Can you give us some links to this real science?
824	not sure	Well, neither was that lady until reality hit
982	not sure	Does what, a fraudulent study? I would say only a selfish criminal does that
179	convinced	When reading the ingredients that are in vaccines, it is understanding why many parents want to avoid preservatives with names like aluminum hydroxide and formaldehyde. But without those preservatives, vaccines will have a very short shelf life and then afterward inefficient. Parents may question if that's enough reason to expose their children to poison. I wanted to reassure and inform that those ingredients are harmless, despite its name and known uses, because of its dosage. Anything in the world can act as a poison or be completely harmless depending on the dosage. So just because something sounds good or bad doesn't mean that any dosage of it remains so. For example, too much vitamin A can actually poison you and damage your liver. Here is a list of some ingredients in vaccines and their dosage, as well as some usages: Aluminum hydroxide: Used as a adjuvant (helps with efficacy of vaccine) in the DTap (0.625 mg). Also used antacids and in infant formula (0.225 mg per liter). Formaldehyde: Prevent growth of harmful bacteria in vaccine. All vaccine combined has 1.2 mg of it, while 1 kg of bananas has 16.3 mg. Monosodium Glutamate: Help preserve vaccines and used as a flavor enhancer. Some flu vaccines contain 0.188 mg of MSG, while grape juice can contain 0.258 mg per 100 grams. Sodium Chloride: Another name for salt and some vaccine have them to keep them in a state that will not badly affect the cells. Sorbitol: Preservative, found naturally in fruits, and also used a sweetener in sugar-free products. MMR vaccine has 15 mg and 1 stick of sugar-free gum has 1.25 g.
749	not sure	I was doing my best to explain this until you started attacking my motives, anyway, I am saying that just because most people don't have autism doesn't tell you about what causes autism, only changes, or lack thereof, in the number of people with autism can tell you this
226	convinced	"Every new vaccine we see gets hit by the evangelicals as ""causing infertility"". Happened with Gardasil, now this, in Africa the same myth spread about the polio vaccine... I think there are others too. I feel like this comes down to a fundamental misunderstanding about how vaccines work within the body."
928	not sure	Ya but a flaw in the analogy is that if you are allergic to eggs you are allergic to cake.
0	convinced	Your OP. It's not a myth. Only one vaccine contains it and you can get it without it. So your OP is pointless flex.
633	not sure	They aren't dangerous to the spectators. The people playing assume all of the risk by their own choice.
357	not sure	This is part of a larger conversation re censorship. In this case, I think it appropriate to censor people who spread misinformation in order to profit from the misinformation (buy my book, buy my vitamins, pay to attend my seminar or join my club).
257	convinced	I would donate him my vaccine but I dont think that can be done
223	not sure	You clearly don't know what you're taking about at all.
493	informative	 Varicella (chickenpox)( rubella( (the “R” in the MMR vaccine), hepatitis A( and one preparation of rabies vaccine( are all made by growing the viruses in fetal embryo fibroblast cells. Two combination vaccines available in the U.S. also contain polio vaccine virus grown in fetal cells, Pentacel® and Quadracel®. Fibroblast cells are the cells needed to hold skin and other connective tissue together. The fetal embryo fibroblast cells used to grow vaccine viruses were first obtained from elective termination of two pregnancies in the early 1960s. These same embryonic cells obtained from the early 1960s have continued to grow in the laboratory and are used to make vaccines today. No further sources of fetal cells are needed to make these vaccines.Yes, some vaccines are grown in fetal cells. However the situation is more complex than that.
537	informative	This does still show that far more aluminum is absorbed when it is injected compared to when ingested, so the comparison to food still don't work The thing I find odd about this is that aluminum in the lymph is a common antivax talking point, which this seems to confirm
410	not sure	Perhaps, but what is the big deal if people vote at home- I may be uninformed on this topic, but how does voting at home change opinions of potential leaders?
695	not sure	"If he meant that it's still a mistake because that isn't what ""biologically irrelevant"" means"
69	doubtful	"The information I provided is not wrong You've repeatedly said nonsensical and incorrect statements as well as ludicrous conclusions from otherwise innocuous sources. Some of your links are fine. Your ability to interpret them is supremely bad. This proves that the measles outbreak was in part caused by the vaccine. It proves you don't know how to read. The outbreak in California was caused by the Phillipines strain as already referenced. What the paper you just referenced is talking about is the ability to discriminate between vaccine measles strains and pathogenic measles strains. Your source goes on to say: Since approximately 5% of recipients of measles virus-containing vaccine experience rash and fever which may be indistinguishable from measles (9), it is very important to identify vaccine reactions to avoid unnecessary isolation of the patient, as well as the need for contact tracing and other labor-intensive public health interventions. And the part you liked to leave out, because you are dishonest and in over your head: Of the 194 measles virus sequences obtained in the United States in 2015, 73 were identified as vaccine sequences (R. J. McNall, unpublished data). Genotyping is used to confirm the origin of an outbreak and to exclude endemic circulation, but it is also the only way to distinguish vaccine strains from wild-type viruses. Those recent vaccinees were not infected with measles. They simply had a relatively common reaction to the vaccination and, due to proximity (locale and time) with an actual measles outbreak, were initial false-positives. McNall contradicts that by explaining that vaccine strain reaction (rash & fever) is clinically indistinguishable from the natural disease. No they don't. How else, then, can the PCR test distinguish them if they are indistinguishable? How else, then, do public health authorities justify quarantine for those with measles rather than vaccination reactions? You know, like McNall says here: During measles outbreak investigations, rapid detection of measles vaccine reactions is necessary to avoid unnecessary public health interventions. And also in the first line of the paper: During measles outbreaks, it is important to be able to rapidly distinguish between measles cases and vaccine reactions to avoid unnecessary outbreak response measures such as case isolation and contact investigations. and CDC stating that the reaction of vaccine strain and wild strain is identical They don't. Even in your source they are clearly distinguishable. The measles component is twice attenuated and not pathogenic. It can cause a rash and fever. It does not cause CNS damage, immune repertoire depletion, or SSPE--hallmarks of pathogenic measles. Also, thank you for showing me the 2004 Thimerosal study. You've uncovered something interesting. Wait, you mean the study that was only accessed by FOIA and was buried by the CDC, never to be released to the public? Yeah, imagine that... The 1999 study Except it's a pilot study given a presentation. It wasn't a paper yet. Further data collection resulted in a complete study, published in 2004. Oddly, the 2004 continuation study is the exact opposite. Titled Safety of Thimerosal-Containing Vaccines: A Two-Phased Study of Computerized Health Maintenance Organization Databases. More data can do that. Weird how sample sizes work? In this ""Phase II"" study, they've re-analyzed the Phase I data and suddenly found no increased risks for autism or attention-deficit disorder. Yep. Bigger sample size. Conclusions. No consistent significant associations were found between TCVs and neurodevelopmental outcomes. Conflicting results were found at different HMOs for certain outcomes. For resolving the conflicting findings, studies with uniform neurodevelopmental assessments of children with a range of cumulative thimerosal exposures are needed. Next question for ya: what was the follow up result? Spoiler: you're going to be disappointed. I have a feeling that you regard everything the CDC reports as unquestionably true Your feelings seem to be based on nothing but nonsense, as evidenced by the complete 180s you've been doing this whole conversation. In 1999, CDC conducted their study, found incredibly concerning data, and instead of making it public, they decided not to publish. They published that study...you just ""read"" it. And by ""read"" of course we mean you skimmed the abstract. In 2004, they published the continuation study that suddenly found that thimerosal was safe all along. Oh, OK. That and, I suppose, FDA testing showing ethylmercury doesn't have the safety profile it was assumed to have (i.e. worse than methylmercury). Read the testimony to congress. The concern was that ethylmercury was expected to be worse than methylmercury. And, lo and behold, it's not. Anything else? Anything you've maybe actually read?"
972	doubtful	sure. That being the reason that they weren't vaccinated in the first place - a family history of ASD and most likely some symptoms of their own; hence the reason they were unvaxxed to begin with. If you read the study you'd see this was tracked. But ya didn't because your conclusion doesn't rely on data. Nice try, though. Man you're just so smart See OP? He's a real winner.
906	not sure	Yeh iknow im not tryna make fun of op just commenter
6	doubtful	I didn't say thimerosal is mercury. I said thimerosal contains mercury. You're not disagreeing with me. Again, I can't respond if you're not tracking the conversation. We won't get anywhere if you're not even willing to put your own shoes on...
660	informative	There were a few years back in the 1980s where the only cases of polio in the United States were from adults that came into contact with feces from recently-vaccinated children. Single-digit numbers of cases. The only reservoir species for polio is humans. It is one disease that could be purged entirely, like smallpox, given sustained effort.
666	not sure	"EDIT: I certainly don't mean avoid your friend in general, just while they are sick ignore the people why say ""antivaxers are evil don't be friends with them at all"""
55	doubtful	Let me be more clear. There's a way they know that- how do they know? Also, does everyone eat tuna every day? No, so is it in other foods or what? You made a really broad statement that you're only showing as it applies to tuna and your citation is just a website. It's the FDA ok, but what scientific data is it based on? A website is not the same as a medical journal or a published study etc.
700	not sure	Ohh noo. I really liked his blog. What did he say?
380	convinced	I'd recommend to first see what IgG sars cov 2 antibody count they have, rather than just havr another vaccine. Why waste a vaccine if the antibody titre is protective?
350	not sure	Tell them you don't want their FREE candy or gift cards to take the vaccine
631	convinced	No, I don't give a fuck if you or your kid die from poor health choices. You can go drink bleach for all I care, I'm not going to stop you. The problem is that diseases will spread to those who can't be vaccinated for medical reasons, so you not vaccinating endangers others who did not consent to the risk. You can pump your own house full of chlorine gas if you want, just as long as it doesn't leak into the neighbors house. I'm absolutely fine with it if you don't want to vaccinate as long as you don't risk other people's health. Don't go out in public or interact with anyone else.
62	convinced	You know the dosis of mercury in vaccines is ridiculously small, right? Your daily consumption of food has more mercury in it than vaccines
215	informative	There is a new subreddit for calling out conspiracy theorists and their lies. It's /r/conspirawhiners.
534	not sure	What on earth are you talking about?
182	not sure	Is there anywhere/any subs where anti-vaxxers and pro-van people can talk in good faith? I’m trying to understand their arguments and rationales but I’m really not into online arguments.
487	informative	"What she said is basically right, most vaccines haven't been studied for a connection to autism, so when the CDC was asked for their proof that hib, DTaP and polio vaccines don't cause autism, they responded with a bunch of studies that just looked at a preservative that is no longer in any of those vaccines, a few MMR studies, and even a review that says that there are no good studies on DTaP and autism, but that vaccines and autism is not a worthwhile area of research This doesn't mean vaccines do cause autism, but that you cannot accurately claim that ""studies have proven vaccines don't cause autism"", because these studies looked only at MMR, not DTaP, ect"
653	not sure	This should be interesting, hope it can be opened minded and rational, without the name calling on both sides and maybe find a middle ground
742	not sure	Can I nominate others for a Nobel in chem?
360	convinced	I'm pro vaccine, what are you talking about? Are you a troll too?
876	not sure	But that's after already deciding the claim is false. The claim is backed up by tons of real science, and facts. My main point here is that this doesn't necessarily make you an antivaxxer it just makes you a pro vaxxer that wants this to be known, fixed or proven unavoidable.
139	not sure	So on the one hand you say a paper is needed Yes. on the other you say read a commentary for explanation For the papers. Now go back and read the summary you brought up to answer the questions you've disingenuously posed. All of this is really sounding like you're scraping the bottom of the barrel.
708	convinced	So... You trust him to have found a correlation but not share it. That's not proof. Your beliefs are not proof. Unpublished abstract is not enough to deaw a conclusion. If it were, then all the studies would just validate your shitty conspiracies. Cherry picking again. Just like you still belive that cray cray Wakefield.
451	convinced	Clarification: what I should have said was: Genetics cause autism is one of the only widely excepted statements regarding autism amongst real scientists. (Not pseudo/junk scientists. Junk science is for PETA). Most of the reasons stated on the CDC website have something to do with genetics except for one. (Pregnant women taking drugs that they should not be taking). And the CDC website also says that the time when autism is developed is when in mom and immediately after birth. That alone can completely rule out vaccines as the cause.
75	convinced	Good. But lets say your statement holds, which I think it probably does- does it make sense to say it's the same when one is going through your digestive tract and the other is going directly into your blood? Definitely not, so it's a false equivalency isn't it.
145	informative	Hey all I was wondering if someone knew the affects of magnetic therapy and covid vaccines? My mother likes to get magnet therapy every so often. I personally don’t believe in it but she does. She recently got her first shot of Pfizer about 2 weeks ago and will get her 2nd shot in a few months. She’s thinking of going to get another magnet therapy session soon. Is there any risk if she does do it? Like would it affect the vaccine currently inside her?
419	convinced	How does manufacturing a vaccine pollute? There isn’t anything being burned
699	not sure	I have written about the flaws in his articles here and here
706	convinced	He said it needs further studying for a confirmation. But ok, you do you, prodiseaser.
124	convinced	Compounds aren't forms of elements. That's literally chem 101.
15	convinced	"You can be anything on the internet and you choose to be an idiot. There is no mercury in vaccines. Never has been. Now, let's humor the idea and hey into your world where for some reason, it matters that thimerosal is 50% ethyl organomercury by weight. There isn't even a microgram of thimerosal in the multi-dose flu shot, which is referred to as a ""trace amount."" Now, only half of that not even a mcg is actually ethyl organomercury. Your body, a result of billions of years of evolution, has an organ system whose sole purpose is to filter stuff out. Guess what? That incredibly tiny amount of ethyl organomercury is processed by this system extremely easily and is removed from the body. So, Dr. Dumbass, do you want to keep going on about the total NON-FUCKING-ISSUE of thimerosal and how it ISN'T FUCKING MERCURY, or do you want to continue to be a total idiot? Jesus fucking Christ, dude, you might as well be against vaccines because you sure as shit aren't for the truth. Also, go get a flu shot and come back and tell me if there's a question on the form you filled out about being allergic to thimerosal. They don't exactly hide it. 1. It's an ingredient in a shot which has a thimerasol free version and 2. Unless your body personally has a problem with it, it's not harmful. Fuck. "
883	not sure	Wait, vaccines allow adults? Last time I checked, being an adult didn't require being vaccinated. It required being over 18. And most unvaccinated people will do so. Just like most vaccinated.
474	not sure	Parts were, sure, but it's pretty moot considering it's just framed by your personal risk threshold.
630	convinced	that's a bit crazy in my opinion. Would your making it illegal to not wash your hands after you go to the toilet? What would having unprotected sex, except in certain tightly controlled circumstances when you want to reproduce? That would certainly have a positive impact on STDs. You're basically saying i would rather risk a tyrannical government (extremely dangerous) than have the possibility of people going unvaccinated, by allowing anti vaccination information on the internet (mildly dangerous)
412	informative	You’re safe because of herd immunity so you will probably be fine
97	convinced	Was it misguided back then? Since everyone got measles and it is more serious for people over 20, it made sense to get it on purpose when you were younger, so that you would be immune and not get it when you were older (same with chickenpox, but that is more serious if over 12) However, nowadays we have a weakened virus (in the vaccine) that makes us immune but is way less likely to cause complications, so now it makes no sense to choose the stronger virus.
973	doubtful	Lol. sure. That being the reason that they weren't vaccinated in the first place - a family history of ASD and most likely some symptoms of their own; hence the reason they were unvaxxed to begin with - a fear of exacerbating autism symptoms (cost not being an issue - vaccination being at no cost to consumers there). Nice try, though.
394	convinced	These anti-vaxxers need to atop threatening me with a good time
497	not sure	Your welcome, I will try to get around the the rest of them soon
127	convinced	"Not sure if the sub allows this but I need to vent and need some sanity right now... So I posted in a parenting group on FB how my 18.5 week old has been quieter for the past couple of days. Nothing major I was just wondering if it's a normal part of development. Anyway so the majority of comments were delightful and reassuring but then I get one ""any recent vaccines""? And ""has he been vaxxed recently""? Damn I thought... Responded that yes he had a couple almost 3 weeks ago. Cue the sad reacts, angry reacts, comments ""his behaviour is definitely vaccine related"", ""you're poisoning your baby"", ""he's definitely acting weird because of the vaccines"" etc. Plus several unsolicited DMs stating how I'm poisoning and damaging my baby by vaccinating him and trying to sell me spray (I kid you not) to 'detox his skin from the metals'. Honestly I was shocked and just ignored it until people tried to do power moves ""I'm a pediatric nurse who sees this all the time in vaccinated babies"" and then I started defending myself and asking people to remain respectful and stick to the topic at hand. Tried to get some science in there (many laugh reacts in response) but I know there often futile. Honestly there were tens of people on this thread saying ""I came here to say the same thing"" etc. So I turn off commenting and edit to say thanks mostly to everyone but not the space for anti-vax opinion so closing comments. THEN I get a fricken message from the fricken admins saying I was being unkind by calling people OVERTLY AGAINST VACCINES anti-vaxxers and that I should either edit my post or delete it. Are you KIDDING me??? Someone literally said I was going to kill my baby and that he needs a detox (from a fricken spray bottle) and I'M being unkind?! Not to mention the thread full of misinformation and links to dodgy websites like whats in the leaflet or whatever it's called. Honestly I was so angry that out of all the thousands of things that could have affected my baby's behaviour some people jumped on the vaccines that he had 3 weeks ago, but that message from the admins really was the last straw - I was 'breaking the rules by being unkind' simply by defending my choice to vaccinate and asking people to remain respectful and stick to the topic. I'm just raging. I hate that people like this exist and I hate that there is so much distrust in the world I can't ask a simple question without it turning into some anti vax propaganda and a personal attack. I'm so worried for the future generations if kids are being brought up like this. That's it. Thanks for listening. Screw AVs."
142	informative	Please look at the official Vaers records to make a better informed decision. Thank you.
151	informative	Hello hello people, Yesterday I just got my first corona vacation shot. What do you think If I drink some beers ? Anyone knows if it somehow can kill me ? Cheers !
869	convinced	Because apparently it's better than the plague that's supposed to happen if we don't vaccinate. Also, okay, it's like... maybe stop causing autism and we'll take your vaccines.. but why can't you let us investigate it and fix it? Oh that's right, because we might find out you've lied over and over and over, covered up soo much data, ignored so many scientists, discredited respectable information and studies.. Oh and also, we want to keep the population trusting in our products and keep our delusion that we are doing a great job to humanity!! Haha, g'day!
209	doubtful	"Did you know that actors like ""Robert Deniro"" or ""Jim Carrey"" are demanding an investigation about vaccines and the autism epidemic in the USA? The Untold Story About Vaccines... especially if you have kids or grand kids under the age of 5. Would Doctors still continue vaccinating babies if they knew this data? More than 60 doctors, scientists, and researchers join together to give you the complete information no one is telling you about vaccines. Question like: Do vaccines cause autism or brain damage? Are so many vaccines necessary? What are the benefits and risks? This is the great health “controversy” of the 21st century and every single mother, expectant parent, physician, nurse, medical researcher, representative of the media, elected official, school administrator and concerned citizen should watch and share this Free Online Event. "
613	doubtful	That would have to be debated. For example the dpt shot given in in Africa(?) had the result of 10x as many deaths due to, apparently, immune dysfunction. That is for every one they saved with the shot, 10 succumbed to other opportunistic infections. So it would appear for that population the vaccine didnt save lives. It's dangerous to raise a pharmaceutical product to godlike reverence and ignore (or deny) the existence of the problems that arise as a result of that product. It's REALLY important to acknowledge and track problems that arise over time (needing a 3rd mmr shot, mutating viruses, waning (apparent) effectiveness and be ble to debate it with facts as they are. That doesnt happen in this industry or with the institutions we have trusted to oversee the industry. Stop arguing about the feckin science and make sure old fashioned GREED and FRAUD is not contributing to the downfall of our health and peace of mind.
307	not sure	I don't think scientists know the answer to that. But I'd like to know. I got pretty tired, it would be nice to know it's because I'm super-protected :)
454	informative	It literally says the causes aren't all known and that genetics are only one of multiple factors
61	not sure	Did I say there's lots or did I say it's in there and people are saying it's not? Provide citation for your second sentence please.
108	convinced	You’re not being forced into it though. Nobody is. Who’s this “they” I keep hearing so much about who’s pushing for making it mandatory? I keep hearing anti-vaxxers talk about it like it’s the most obvious thing in the world, but I can’t figure out where they’re getting this shit from. There isn’t a single mandatory vaccine in the USA at the federal level. Full stop. Some states have requirements for school and certain limit jobs, but that’s very different than someone “forcing” you to put something in your body.
527	not sure	Do the particles of aluminum cross the blood brain barrier?
318	not sure	Because I would hope you'd be open minded and would actually change your mind when facts are presented to you.
495	informative	"Hey, sorry to break it to ya, but that isn't a scientific paper. It's a loaf of cobblers with basic scientific errors, persuasive writing and ample fear tactics. It looks like a smoke screen psudo (fake) scientific mumbo jumbo 😬 Proof: ""If there is a mutation that alters a single base-pair, the resulting protein will have a single amino acid that is altered."" WRONG: silent synonymous mutations "
825	convinced	That's awful man. I tried showing her a story where someone actually lost their child from not getting vaxxed but she wasn't receptive.
166	doubtful	Are there really? Can someone explain to me why this scare started and give sources that suggest otherwise?
377	convinced	This is astonishingly selfish. Leave the Pfizer vaccine to others if he is already vaccinated. Consider him extremely lucky for getting the Chinese one in the first place.
422	convinced	Vaccines save many people from preventable disease. Why would someone not use them?
907	not sure	I cant tell if your joking but if your not i hope you step on a rusty nail
195	convinced	So I posted something in the comments of a news article trying to explain how babies are exposed to way more antigens daily than are in the entire childhood vaccine schedule and that our immune systems respond to vaccines the same way and some anti-vax mom commented saying “Actually, no. The immune system doesn't respond the same way. There is T1/T2 skew and T1/T17 skew as well as humoral vs cellular immunity to consider based upon the immune system's first contact with the pathogen.” I’m not quite sure what she’s talking about or how to respond with facts. I prefer to try to educate rather than just go “you’re wrong” even though I know psychologically it probably won’t change anyone’s mind. I did find this link talking about vaccines: Still I don’t know how to respond when I have no idea what she’s talking about
924	not sure	Yeah like the swing for resonance, if you push a swing too hard it loops back on itself and the person falls out sometimes, when you have too much resonance it just explodes. Is this right?
948	convinced	Yes, of course it does. Let’s remember, however: Table salt is composed of sodium and chlorine (NaCl). Mixing sodium with water has, simply put, bad effects. Combining it with chlorine makes the compound safe. You can think of this situation when you think of mercury. The mercury in thimerosal is ethyl mercury - it gets flushed out of the body. It’s brother, methyl mercury? Not the same. In short, thimerosal is an anti fungal agent that preserves vials of vaccine. It also has mercury in it. That does not make it bad.
654	not sure	Why? What's next? A debate over you getting help if you break your legs?
870	not sure	Hey, diirtnap, just a quick heads-up: alot is actually spelled a lot. You can remember it by it is one lot, 'a lot'. Have a nice day! ^^^^The ^^^^parent ^^^^commenter ^^^^can ^^^^reply ^^^^with ^^^^'delete' ^^^^to ^^^^delete ^^^^this ^^^^comment.
781	informative	elemental mercury as well as short-chain carbon derivatives are almost always more toxic that higher level mercury complexes due to reduced biochemical interaction opportunities and reduced ligand affinity. This is interesting and I actually learned something, I had thought you were saying that elemental mercury was less toxic than all organic mercury, now that you specified long-chain organic mercury it makes more sense
539	informative	This guy is kidding me, when they take pregnant woman’s blood for tests, they would usually check for hepatitis B. YIKES.
652	doubtful	If they are proven over and over to be effective, why are they telling adults to get a THIRD shot of MMR?
51	convinced	You get more of those minerals by breathing for 1 hour than you do from 1 vaccine
321	not sure	Your own source proved you wrong. Sit down.
130	doubtful	Is brain damage the only concern? Precisely what are the chances of brain damage from mercury/a cardiac event from sodium chloride? If you know it's the same, you should know the respective odds too right?
954	convinced	We aren’t paid we’re just tired of your bullshit rantings. This use to be a place were we could make fun of you people, now people like me have to try and get you off here. You’re obviously not welcome, leave. Also you sound like a total choosy beggar “if vaccines were so good it would be for free” so food and housing are actually harmful since they cost money. Vaccines are good but supplies and research are needed for new and better vaccines and those cost money dumbass. And guess what in third world country people can’t afford vaccines, have you ever heard of unicef? Yeah they help give free vaccines to these people fucking moron.
268	informative	I'm not saying there's a chip in it, but if I had to make the argument I would say redundancy. There can never be enough ways to track someone down and the further we get into the future, the harder it will be to truly be off the grid. But again, not saying there's a chip.
733	not sure	Dude are we gonna have to r/woosh you right now? Cause this looks r/woosh
278	not sure	God, this country sucks that this is even a question.
612	informative	Northwest of what? EDIT: The pacific northwest outbreak didn't cause any deaths,
476	informative	"Which is why I said: ""a 2 year old in the US has had many vaccines but has not yet had boosters of MMR, chickenpox, and DTaP"""
196	doubtful	So my 2 month old niece has been in the hospital for over a week with whooping cough. She obviously hasn't gotten vaccinated but the only people she has been around have been, everyone and she hadn't been out her home since she left the hospital after being born. So if everyone around her got the vaccine why did she get it?
178	convinced	"Everyone knows that mercury is harmful of the body as it is classified as a neurotoxin. So the thought of thimerosal being injected into our children and our bodies is concerning, since it does contain some mercury. But mercury has different forms. The one that is dangerous is methylmercury. In terms of chemistry, it is the combination of a mercury atom to one carbon atom. It is known to be very dangerous to all living beings. Out of all forms of mercury, methylmercury is absorbed the easily and can even cross the blood brain barrier. Since, there are tiny tiny doses of it in contaminated food, like fish, which is why pregnant women are told to avoid seafood. I wanted to clarify that methylmercury was never used in vaccines. While thimerosal does have mercury, it is not methylmercury. It is ethlymercury. Ethlymercury has two carbon atoms, instead of one, which drastically changes its properties and abilities. Due to its size, it's hard for it to cross the blood brain barrier and it's quickly excreted. Despite this, in 2002, thimerosal was removed from nearly all vaccines due to, not under the prove that it is harmful, but the idea that is has the potential for harm from the general public. This might have been due because of an article called ""Autism: A Novel Form of Mercury Poisoning"" . It was published by a group of parents in the 2001 that linked autism to mercury poisoning and the thimerosal was to blame. This article was not reviewed by any medical or scientific professionals, but it stirred up the public enough for the preservative to be removed."
326	doubtful	This happened with polio. It totally got stronger after...uh.. the vaccine eradicated it. Now everyone has swole polio (swolio, if you will) in their brains. Thanks a lot, science.
201	convinced	Vaccinate your kid guys. No more of this. ....no more,
640	convinced	 if there are known familial immune issues, why do they not propose a baby be tested for suceptibilities prior to being vaccinated? Oh yes, by all means, test a poor baby with an allergy panel for everything. Even strawberries, ok? Too bad there isn't a stupidity test too. You would've gotten an anaphylactic shock! Surely you would agree there's a subset of the population that shouldn't receive them? Surely. There's this thing, in the insert, called: contraindications. A thing that your doctor (or any normal, educated doctor), knows about. Now shoo, leave me alone troll.
401	not sure	I personally don’t believe this however I know a couple that do. I need help in getting fact to debunk this article
960	not sure	You can't work with it--it's garbage. It's also inconsistent with your racial bias in ASD diagnosis you just pulled out of your ass earlier in the thread, but that has yet to slow you down in fawning over Mawson and goons.
291	not sure	Do you have any evidence that what he says is not barking mad?
757	not sure	"Next time try not to come at things from a place of bad faith. I wasn't These aren't accusations, they're observations. Well they are erroneous ""observations"""
648	doubtful	And then why are you blaming antivaxxers when measles appear again? It is never the fault of a waning vaccine and always because of antivaxxers.
452	doubtful	What do you mean? I know genetics is part of it, but you can't use that to debunk claims that vaccines are another cause, because there are multiple causes
79	convinced	If your point is that the thimerosal content is too toxic to be in vaccines, that’s just not true. There are hundreds of studies proving it breaks down just fine in the human body barring allergic reaction. Unless you have a peer reviewed medical study claiming otherwise. But I doubt it.
455	informative	But almost all the reasons listed have to do with genetics. And pregnant women should not be taking drugs anyway. Especially vaping and smoking are bad.
193	informative	The Association of American Physicians and Surgeons (AAPS) strongly opposes federal interference in medical decisions, including mandated vaccines. IwAR14tPRiZV1l6KSINFXguIacuJBr68XytbAnxGDNYhGw1q_jjiCkCH_QLBQ
885	informative	Sure... 📁 News Articles – Fully/mostly vaccinated outbreaks. May need to go to site archives to see article. 5/30/19 All 12 vaccinated… 5/22/19 Maine measles, vaccinated. 5/20/19 Just Vaccinated. 5/10/19 92 infected. Mostly vaccinated. 4/18/19 14:17 infected. Over 100 infected, most vaccinated. All vaccinated… Pertusis…90 total in area. All vaccinated. 3/3 were vaccinated. Quebec measles… Mumps – 6/6 were vaccinated; July 28, 2015 diagnow pertussis – 70/70 were vaccinated; July 27, 2015 Mumps – 49/49 were vaccinated; July 24, 2015 Pertussis – 2/2 in family were vaccinated; January 12, 2015 Mumps – 23/23 were vaccinated; June 12, 2015 Pertussis – 10/11 were vaccinated; May 29, 2015 Pertussis – “vast majority” were vaccinated; April 22, 2015 Pertussis – 6/7 were vaccinated: April 17, 2015 Pertussis – 19/19 were vaccinated; March 27, 2015 Pertussis – 3/3 were vaccinated; March 23, 2015 Measles – 5/5 were vaccinated; March 13, 2015 Pertussis – 2/2 were vaccinated; February 19, 2015 Pertussis – 2/2 were vaccinated; February 11, 2015 Mumps in NHL players – all sick were vaccinated; December 19, 2014 Mumps – 14/14 were vaccinated; December 16, 2014 Flu – onboard ship 25/25 vaccinated; October 24, 2014 Pertussis – 18 month old gets pertussis from fully vaccinated healthcare worker who was sick with it; May 23, 2014 Mumps – 18/18 were vaccinated; April 18, 2014 Mumps – 113/116 were vaccinated; April 1, 2014 Measles – Measles Mary – outbreak tracked to fully vaccinated person; April 11, 2014 pertussis in school – 99.5% vaccinated, all sick were vaccinated; March 19, 2015 Mumps – 14/14 were vaccinated; February 21, 2014 H1N1 – woman dies, was vaccinated; February 8, 2014 H1N1- woman dies, was vaccinated; January 10, 2014 H1N1 – boy dies, was vaccinated; January 3, 2014 Chicken pox – child got pox 11 days after vaccination; December 31, 2013 Polio – oral polio causes 47,500 cases of paralysis; May 8, 2013 Pertussis; vast majority vaccinated; April 3, 2012 pertussis in schools – all sick were vaccinated; June 22, 2011 Pertussis – vaccinated nurse gets pertussis and spr polio from the polio vaccine, 69 get it; October 5, 2007 Smallpox – 2 year old gets smallpox after dad is vaccinated (shedding); May 18, 2007 Chickenpox – 409/422 (97%) students were vaccinated; March 11, 2004 Measles – 14/14 were vaccinated, outbreak in fully immunized school; March 26, 1987 2004-2018 Flu vaccine has had an average efficacy of less than 41% – it fails approximately 60 percent of time. Several studies involving secondary transmission of measles among highly vaccinated populations: Vaccine measles transferred between siblings after MMR. Reply
658	convinced	I've asked 2 pediatricians and the nurse practitioner, all have told me not to worry about it basically. And searching online it seems like the only rare cases I'm finding of vaccine shedding were done through feces. Which I'm the only one who handles diaper duty, not like I take them to visit great great granny at the nursing home and expect her to do it.
535	convinced	“Aluminum-containing adjuvants are vaccine ingredients that have been used in vaccines since the 1930s. Small amounts of aluminum are added to help the body build stronger immunity against the germ in the vaccine. Aluminum is one of the most common metals found in nature and is present in air, food, and water.” Source: Hope this gives some clarification, doesn’t cause any negative effects in the body so long as it’s in small quantities.
63	doubtful	That doesn't change the toxins in the vaccines.
43	convinced	Now that we're in the 3rd generation of lower quality vaccine immunity, children/adults contracting measles would have a more serious reaction. Note that although now measles may be more serious for the who do get it, the chance of getting it at all now is lower than the chance of dying from measles before the vaccine, so this is not an argument against vaccination &#x200B;
304	convinced	Best answer I can come up with: Fever and body aches are symptoms from the innate immune system ramping up. But if your adaptive immune system (the kind of immunity you want from a vaccine) can take care of the antigens before they trigger an innate immune response, then those symptoms won't be as strong, if they're present at all. Your immune system isn't stronger, per se, just you had already started developing the adaptive response and your sister relied more on an innate response. Two weeks after your second shots, you both should have comparable immunity to COVID. :)
853	not sure	People actually think that? I thought murcury being in vaccines was common knowledge.
840	convinced	As a pro-vaxxer, if you can endure getting called a shill and answering the same arguments over and over, but to different people, go to r/VaxTalk. It's quarantined, but it's not terrible at all.
359	not sure	what are you talking about? baseless accusation.
84	convinced	She got it because she doesn’t have the vaccine to fight against it. And because she’s so little and young her body doesn’t have a strong immune system yet. There’s probably a 50-50 chance she does. I’d recommend vaxxing her.
929	not sure	Ya, like how cake is not really a form of eggs because it contains other things, however boiled eggs are(I think this is correct?) I'd say it's a passable analogy, sure. Point being cakes don't have the same properties as eggs and vice-versa. And also that if one is going to be asinine, one should be technically correct (not aimed at you). Oh and off topic, do you play StarCraft 2? If you play Zerg, how do you defend against Terran? Surprisingly no. I'm a fan of sci-fi lore which is what inspired the name. Always a let down to those that comment on the name.
282	convinced	It doesn't do anything, so the only effect will be on her wallet and being near an anti-science wacko that's probably anti-vaccine and might have covid. If your mother had the first Pfizer 2 weeks ago then shouldn't she get the second one in a week's time ? Or are they spreading them out to get more people the first shot where you are ?
810	convinced	Ok so dude I support your view on vaccines being good but dude you needa stop being so toxic towards everyone in your own thread’s comment section
921	not sure	"Haha yeah you tell him. We only trust a trusted doctors at the FDA to approve medications. Like the safe and totally not addictive opioids. No I'm going to go smoke healthy and safe drugs like crack cocaine and heroin and avoid dangerous and deadly drugs like marijuana just as the FDA tells me to. Wouldn't want to fawn over independent unfunded by super powerful for-profit private pharmaceutical industry researchers. I'll stick to the true blue bought and paid for pharmaceutical industry they gave us Monsanto GMO Foods and adderal for children as young as 3 years old. And like our genius of a president says if the"" TV says it it must be true"""
152	doubtful	The harsh reality is that particular countries choose not the most effective vaccine, bu the available one.Russia cannot confirm the high quality, efficiency and safety of Sputnik V using an independent scientific investigation
159	convinced	My 67 year old father (65 kgs, has hypertension, type two diabetes) has been inoculated with the inactivated sinovac COVID-19 Vaccine (both doses). He is not overweight and exercises regularly. We had to get him inoculated due to the increasing virus transmission rate as well as the easy access to the Chinese sinovac vaccines in our country. However, recently out country introduced the Pfizer vaccine and opened up access to elderly people. I would like my dad to get vaccinated with Pfizer vaccine as well as I trust it more that the sinovac vaccine, due to the level of peer reviewed research published on the former candidate. Please advise on if he is able to take the Pfizer vaccine as well. If so, please advise how long of a gap should he keep between the last dose of the Sinovac vaccine and the first dose of the Pfizer vaccine. P.S. After inoculation of the Sinovac vaccine, my father did not experience and adverse effects or experience any side effects.
965	convinced	"Yawn. In your sleep deprivation it seems you completely forgot your operating hypothesis: differences in ethnicity ultimately lead to a differential ASD diagnostic outcome. Congratulations! We have data( on that. It doesn't support your hypothesis--that non-white ethnicities have higher ASD diagnosis. So we keep piling up the implausibility. You have to now plausibly explain why higher antibody titers or other unknown immune response factors to a vaccine lead to differential ASD diagnosis among races. And then you have to explain why in your link there is no difference among genders--which is a hallmark for differential ASD diagnosis. Oops, guess ya didn't read that after all. So, yes, I'm curious: how would race, but not gender, impact ASD development according to the above link when this 1) doesn't fit epi data on ASD diagnosis among ethnicities; 2) doesn't fit gender epi data on ASD diagnosis? But we know the answer: you haven't thought about it and you don't care. You just bring up some random hair-brained idea to deal with your cognitive dissonance. The pattern has borne itself out twice in this thread alone. I'm ""caucasian"". I've also found out I have fairly recent genetic ties to subsaharan Africa. Excellent--so this would not be a problem with the Danish study, as genetic factors can be cryptic and not adequately accounted for by simple race-binning. High five! That was a pretty big fuckup too, wasn't it? One in five europeans carrying a dormant gene for narcolepsy that the vaccine adjuvant just happened to trigger? Uh oh, sounds like you don't know much about AS03, MF59, or the Pandemrix situation and that this is just a random distraction from the actual conversation you've so thoroughly lost. No worries--I'm used to having to fill you in on everything. The Pandemrix association with narcolepsy appears to be a cryptic antigen site, not related to any of the adjuvants used in the pandemic vaccines. Read the multi-country( assessment which looked at several AS03 and one MF59 vaccine, as well as the safety assessment of AS03( Also, you don't seem to understand how genes work. The vaccine didn't trigger a ""dormant gene"". The virus, which the vaccine recapitulated specific antigenic sites, can apparently trigger autoimmune reaction in a small subset of people among a specific HLA type. I recommend hitting up wikipedia on genes( so you can get that under your belt. You're lucky I grade on a curve, bucko. See, OP? He don't know anything. Recognize the signs and you can spot 'em a mile away, as well as the usual tactics that fall flat."
385	convinced	The point is that a 5G implant doesn’t exist, isn’t trivial and can’t be injected with a vaccine needle
81	doubtful	Salt is non-toxic? What if you eat 3 Lbs? Is Thimerosal harmless? Has no one ever had an adverse reaction? You can drown in water or milk, but they're both different- does that matter?
188	convinced	"Everyone on this sub that's not here for a joke are retarded. Like, sorry that I had to say it, but how dumb do you have to be to not want your child to live? Are you actually that intellectually challenged? Your child needs to suffer due to you having some problem with a medical shot that is known to prevent disease. Well,survival of the god damn fittest, when my kid is eating the food your kid could've eaten if they were in a family that relies on facts and evidence instead of phony ""studies"", I'll be laughing my ass off."
676	doubtful	Haha. You need to look up the scientific method. And maybe read a book on history or science. Or actually read any of the links I provided. “Science” is never “settled” it constantly evolves. I’m not manipulating anything. I’m presenting evidence. It may not support your belief system but that doesn’t mean it doesn’t have value, despite your narcissistic beliefs. Vaccine fundamentalists cling to antiquated treatments not backed by true scientific process. No discussion allowed, dissidents will be shamed, and policy will be mandated. Thus preventing scientific progress and propagating pseudoscience. Science vs pseudoscience Scientific progress always takes a long time. Even the now simple concept of hand washing took more than 20 years to catch on and Dr. Semmelweis was mocked and shamed for the notion that Drs may be spreading disease, suffered a nervous breakdown and died due to mistreatment in an asylum. This is how we reward people who question the status quo and seek progress, especially when it may bring to light that Drs may be unwittingly harming patients by following that status quo. Pro vaccine choice individuals are the ones calling for more study and scientific progress. It is usually the ones that call for more vaccination that have the hubris to believe the science is settled and we know everything there is to know about the human body and the immune system. It is the ones against vaccine choice that have the arrogance to demand everyone follow what they believe regardless of the individuals hurt along the way. The belief that the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few and that the nation state should be allowed to tell an individual what to inject into their body are fascist ideals. Fascism - anti-intellectual, anti-democratic, individual interests are subordinated to the good of the nation, forcibly suppresses opposition and criticism, regiments industry, commerce, etc., emphasizes an aggressive nationalism and often racism. AKA taking away an individual’s right to choose what is injected into their body despite numerous side effects and subjecting them to mass experimentation for “the good of the nation” while really just backing the ever growing pharmaceutical industry and suppressing any information that contradicts their interests. So even if you don’t agree don’t force your ideals on others.
643	convinced	All I hear is the same shit copy antivaxx pasta. buh bye
745	not sure	I may have misinterpreted OP, but I thought you were defending the idea that you can draw conclusions form a single point in time. I think everything has been cleared up now
770	not sure	You clearly misunderstood what I said. If you're going to shut down like this then what's the point of starting these conversations? You clearly had no intention of actually having a discussion and must have just arrived here by word search. OP isn't wrong and you trying to insist as much is tiring. Go somewhere else already.
786	not sure	"I recognize that you mentioned you were somewhere on the spectrum in your post, so I will respectfully decline to respond to you calling me autistic. If you're using it as an insult, I'm sorry you negatively associate that aspect of yourself. You shouldn't. As for the ""past"" people tend to bring up, that was before the FDA was overhauled. That was before we could literally see things happening on the cellular level. That was before we could measure mechanotransduction. That was before we could use efficient and accurate x-ray crystallography. Medicinal and biological science as well as regulative policies have increased in complexity and rigidity in the same way telephones have since the 80's."
437	not sure	Sometimes you have to feed someone their own medicine to defeat them.
140	convinced	No judgement please. Serious replies would be appreciated. I’m in my early 30s and healthy. Had Covid months ago and recovered quickly. Held out on getting the vaccine because I didn’t think it was necessary and am skeptical only for the little time it’s been in circulation. I’m not anti-vax and do believe they are generally smart/helpful, however, I do believe any medical act should be a personal choice, and since I was not yet comfortable making that choice, I’ve been getting tested weekly for work. Now the vaccine is mandatory for my job, and since I cannot be without work, I’ll be getting vaccinated this week. I’m not happy about it, but at this point it’s interfering with work and enjoying live music in my life, so I’ll play good. My partner is very scared, as she believes (from people, social, and articles) that the vaccine can cause infertility through shedding just by having physical contact with me. That’s probably ridiculous to everyone (because it is to me), but I respect her, and I respect her thoughts and beliefs, so I don’t want to just discredit her with a “you’re being ridiculous statement”. This obviously isn’t a true statement, but I can’t find an easy explanation (other than “myths: FALSE!” or just saying it doesn’t happen) to why this thought isn’t plausible that she can understand. What’s the correct explanation to why this shouldn’t be a concern?
334	doubtful	Who really knows what is in that bottle of fluid that is being injected? You can't smell it or taste it. Could be sugar water or could be particles of an unknown material. This is why wild speculations are abound. We don't know what is being injected. That is why no one can disprove the conspiracies of microchips to snake oil in those bottles. ;)
372	convinced	"tldr; ""I will feel confident and grateful when finally it will be my turn to be inoculated. I will do it not only for myself but also for my loved ones and for every other person out there."""
312	convinced	The way to prevent viral mutation optimally would be to immunize everyone against it. Viruses can only mutate when replicating in hosts. With no hosts available cant mutate.
286	convinced	Are you talking transcranial magnet stimulation, or the alternative medicine “magnet therapy” that the wellness influencers like to talk up? TMS is a legitimate medical therapy, and that’s a question for a doctor. Magnetic therapy is essentially a placebo at best, and should have the same chances of contraindication with a vaccination as homeopathic pills that are 99.99999999% water.
776	convinced	but OP appears to be saying that the rate itself shows that vaccines aren't the cause, which makes no sense How does that not make sense? I just mentioned three different ways in which that can be used to test an anti-vaxx hypothesis.
211	convinced	My ex-wife is a strident anti-vaxxer, while I am pro-vaccination. Our children, aged 10 and 12, are not vaccinated. I’m trying to get info from anti-vaxxers in order to prepare myself for an upcoming discussion/argument about whether or not to vaccinate our children as mandated by the state so that they can enroll in school. (as opposed to having her home-school them, or having her make good on her threats to move to another state with the kids if the current law is not repealed). My main question: the majority of anti-vaccine arguments I've read revolve around increased risks for infant autism, and around adverse reactions in children under 3 years old. I would like to know what are the main reasons put forth by the anti-vax community regarding keeping older children from getting vaccinated?
737	convinced	When an EKG is flat, it means that the person's heart stopped beating, so that person is dead. An unvaccinated child dies at a young age.
727	convinced	Most vaccines don't have ethylmercury at all
595	convinced	Also, if girls are vaccinated this will help to protect they boys that have sex with the girls If boys are vaccinated this will help to protect the girls that have sex with the boys
407	convinced	Tell that to the dumbasses over on r/ForcedVaccine
253	not sure	This doesn't address any of the actual science pertaining to the vaccine.
775	not sure	Everything you said makes sense, about how changes, or lack thereof, in the rate of autism can be used to test a hypothesis about the cause of autism. What OP said is that the absolute rate could be used to tell if it was caused by vaccines, which is what I was saying didn't make sense
122	informative	Just read your own resource. Take my tips to heart.
115	convinced	Your link addresses why it was retracted. If you are still confused, go back and sound out the words in succession, maybe multiple times.
374	informative	i just created a website w anonymous survey. i didn’t publish it yet bc i don’t have clinician support. i’m a healthcare data analyst. i want to track the side effects of the vaccines. please contact me if you can. the website will be www.mycovidvaccinestory.com.
571	not sure	well i DO. you disrespectful sheep. the natural scent lures out impurities in the mind and it’s our diseases! the crystals then kill these diseases on the outside
899	not sure	Thanks, all! I know its completely silly, but STILL.
450	convinced	Chill this is a meme sub reddit and i think there is no antivaxers on this sub reddit
332	not sure	Maybe with intradermal implantation so it stays put
844	informative	Here's a sneak peek of /r/BabyBumps using the top posts( of the year! \#1: No one cares about your baby as much as you do( \#2: For the ladies who dont have instagram worthy nurseries- this was what we had going at 39 weeks pregnant. 😂( | 277 comments( \#3: When his family expects to be there for birth( | 292 comments( ---- ^^I'm ^^a ^^bot, ^^beep ^^boop ^^| ^^Downvote ^^to ^^remove ^^| ^^Contact ^^me( ^^| ^^Info( ^^| ^^Opt-out(
588	informative	Welp I'm screwed. That's true though. I think it's saying climate change may be irreversible by 2030 and it can also lead to extinction.
270	doubtful	Dude, you are such a stereotype. I know a lot of antivaxxers say untrue schizo shit, but.. There are real documented dangers. Even reddit is full of people saying how much they got fucked by a jab.
90	convinced	But you do have a point there. Going through the blood is harder to expel and can cause brain damage, but only in big amounts
3	convinced	"The ""myth"" you're debunking is in regards to the childhood schedule. ZERO OF THOSE VACCINES CONTAIN IT. You're being a pedantic fuck for no reason. "
440	convinced	"When talking about common arguments made on reddit, you have to realize that most people on both sides of any subject are often not educated enough to make adequate arguments, and both sides often have people making poor arguments. The argument that there is a genetic component to autism is not by itself a proof that vaccines cause autism. Argument X: ""It is also often argued that unvaccinated autistic people prove autism is not caused by vaccines"" I often argue the fact the people unvaccinated for MMR get autism at about the same rate as people vaccinated for MMR is good evidence that the MMR vaccine does not cause autism. The argument X above appears to be a misrepresentation of that argument by less intelligent people on reddit. When vaccines are introduced, tests are done to see if they are safe. They don't test for every single disease in the book. In general, tests were not done for autism specifically in the distant past. Andrew Wakefield wrote a research article claiming the MMR might be associated with autism. The article was analyzed and Wakefield was discredited and eventually lost his license. At this point there was no reason to do further analysis scientifically on the subject. There was no reason to think that the MMR vaccine caused autism. Safety research on vaccines does not do analysis on every disease in the book. However, with many vaccine opponents spreading false claims that MMR vaccine cause autism, a large expensive research project was performed to show that MMR vaccine is not linked to autism. There have not been large expensive research projects to prove every single vaccine does not cause autism. There are also a thousand + other diseases we could study if there was money enough. Similarly, tests could be done to see what correlations there are between every drug and food we take with every disease, but there is just not enough money for this."
119	not sure	So are you saying that the manipulation of science is not my original argument?
45	convinced	"I meant it was an error to say the death rate was 1 in 1,000 before the vaccine, note that in my other comment I said the case-fatality rate may be going up as the number of cased dropped due to vaccination, so I am not challenging the estimate that it was 1 in 1,000 in 1985-1992 (more recent data actually shows 1 in 250) Finally, my link does not ""just"" say MMR doesn't cause autism. What does it say then? I didn't see anything about neurological sequelae in that article, but I do know they exist. It's a chestnut for standard anti-vaxxer nonsense. Did you miss ""but isn't a reason not to vaccinate""? Also note that in the comment I linked I also say the vaccine has reduced deaths As an aside, it is fun to note your wording stance change from ""Known calculation error"" to ""probably an error"". I wasn't the one who said ""Known calculation error"", but even if I was, arguing semantic details is pointless You should probably stick to reputable sources, such as the CDC I am not OP, all my info is coming from the CDC"
715	doubtful	" Excuse me? Formaldehyde is toxic too. But what matters in a loooot of cases, the dose makes the poison. And in case you didn't know, the quantity of literally everything in vaccines, is so small, that ot couldn't hurt anyone. Yes. Have you considered the possibility the dose in vaccines can make the poison in some individuals? Both aluminum and thimerosal are acknowledged as neurotoxins. Read on: Dr. Verstraeten “…we have found statistically significant relationships between the exposure and outcomes for these different exposures and outcomes. First, for two months of age, an unspecified developmental delay, which has its own specific ICD9 code. Exposure at three months of age, Tics. Exposure at six months of age, an attention deficit disorder. Exposure at one, three and six months of age, language and speech delays which are two separate ICD9 codes. Exposures at one, three and six months of age, the entire category of neurodevelopmental delays, which includes all of these plus a number of other disorders.” Dr. Weil, pg. 207: ""The number of dose related relationships are linear and statistically significant. You can play with this all you want. They are linear. They are statistically significant. The positive relationships are those that one might expect from the Faroe Islands studies. They are also related to those data we do have on experimental animal data and similar to the neurodevelopmental tox data on other substances, so that I think you can't accept that this is out of the ordinary. It isn't out of the ordinary."""
945	doubtful	Thanks for the reply. I'm trying to do a little research before I have more live viruses injected into my body. If the statistic you state is a generally agreed-upon one, then I met hold off a while for both. I am fairly terrified of adult chicken pox though. But as far as that and measles I'm not normally near any children, especially sick ones, so...
671	doubtful	Wow. You really can’t help but try to be offensive. It’s really quite juvenile behavior. Do you think you can debate like an adult without needless insults? Or giving up and calling for censorship? Of course low efficacy doesn’t make them more harmful. But it does change the risk benefit analysis. Of course not all ILI are flu. Only about 3% - 9% of suspected flu cases are actually flu. The flu vaccine is less effective because as you admit “strains cannot be matched every single year. Of course that a virus with increased mutagenic shifts will not be matched for the vaccine every year.” So all the ILI are used to promote flu vaccines but vaccines may reduce 10-30% of 3-9% of “flu” cases. And these number are before factoring in primary and secondary vaccine failure and declining efficacy through repeat vaccination... that’s a low benefit. Plus you are now exposed to the risks of vaccines. Autoimmune diseases, GBS, etc - Is shown that repeated use of Al adjuvants and OVA (chicken egg whites) cause chronic inflammation in the immune system / allergic reactions “Guillain-Barré syndromeremains the most frequent neurological condition reported after influenza vaccination to the Vaccine Adverse Events Reporting System (VAERS) since its inception in 1990. ... Results From July 1990 through June 2003, VAERS received 501 reports of GBS following influenza vaccination in adults.Nov 24, 2004” Pregnant women shouldn’t be vaccinated. There being no studies on vaccine safety doesn’t make them any safer. But it does allow officials the ability to claim there is no proof vaccines are harmful... convenient. From vaccine insert: “vaccines have not been tested for mutagenic or carcinogenic effects on pregnant women” yet we give vaccines to pregnant women anyway. Also, activating maternal immune system has risks to fetus. Yet they persist in their unjustified claims that it provides some benefit. Maternal immune activation & Immune activation and autism Thimerasol which is mainly mercury can cross the placenta There is a very limited pharmacokinetic data concerning ethylmercury. There is very limited data on its blood levels. There is no data on its excretion. It is recognized to both cross placenta and the blood-brain barrier. The data on its toxicity, ethylmercury, is sparse. It is primarily recognized as a cause of hypersensitivity. Acutely it can cause neurologic and renal toxicity, including death, from overdose.” - simpsonwood conference Flu vaccine and miscarriages & misinformation And And It’s interesting you mention “Spanish Flu” because some actually believe it was the vaccines of the time, exacerbated with aspirin, that caused the deaths. It’s an interesting theory that could explain a lot of the anomalies observed. Um, no. What they said was there was a correlation found they just don’t know why the efficacy is lower after repeated vaccination and more study was needed. I have smart amazing unvaccinated children. Thank you for asking. Vaccine side effects are not rare. They are suppressed. There is a difference. Vaccines are labeled “unavoidably unsafe” by the US Supreme Court and were protected from judicial oversight through legal channels (National Child Vaccine Injury Act in 1986), this took away legal channels for discovery and safety review. This happened because so many people said vaccines were injuring their loved ones. The population at large is told adverse reactions are rare and not to worry about them. So Drs and patients alike do not know the risks and do not see a connection between their health issues and the vaccines they’ve received. (The majority of vaccine recipients are too young to tell us if they are experiencing side effects). If no one is looking at or tracking the risks then how can you say they’ve got a safe track record. We are not healthier overall and without a definitive cause for the health concerns it is irresponsible to say definitively that vaccines are not the cause. Vaccine adverse events 1) compensated in vaccine court: Guillain-Barré syndrome, transverse myelitis, encephalopathy, seizure disorder, death, brachial neuritis, acute disseminated encephalomylites, Chronic inflammatory demyelination, polyradiculoneuropathy (CIPD), premature ovarian failure, Bell’s palsy, juvenile diabetes, idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura (ITP), rheumatoid arthritis, multiple sclerosis, fibromyalgia, infantile spasms, anaphylaxis, ocular myasthenia gravis, hypoxic seizure. 2) listed on vaccine inserts: Autoimmune diseases, allergies, asthma, eczema, tics, Tourette’s syndrome, ADD / ADHD, autism, speech delay, neurodevelopment disorder, SIDS, narcolepsy. When an automated reporting system analyzed data reported over a 3 yr period it found that adverse reactions could be 26:1,000 or approximately 1 in 38. “A recent study done in Ontario, Canada, established that vaccination actually leads to an emergency room visit for 1 in 168 children following their 12-month vaccination appointment and for 1 in 730 children following their 18-month vaccination appointment (see appendix for a scientific study, Item #5).” 1 in 640 have a seizure from mmr “The rate of seizures in this timeframe was 85 per 1000 person-years in the MMRV vaccine group compared to 42 per 1000 in the MMR and varicella vaccine group. This risk was about 2 times higher in children who received the combination shot (MMRV) versus the single shots (MMR and varicella).” “Approximately 40 cases of death and permanent injury from the MMR vaccine are reported to VAERS annually” and only about 1-10% of adverse events are reported. So that could mean approximately 400-4000 deaths or permanent injuries from the mmr vaccine annually. “As of March 31, 2018, there have been more than 89,355 reports of measles vaccine reactions, hospitalizations, injuries and deaths following measles vaccinations made to the federal Vaccine Adverse Events Reporting System (VAERS), including 445 related deaths, 6,196 hospitalizations, and 1,657 related disabilities. Over 60% of those adverse events occurred in children three years old and under.” After automating adverse event reports at Harvard Pilgrim, the developers of this system asked the CDC to take the final step of linking VAERS with the Harvard Pilgrim system so that these reports could be automatically transmitted into VAERS. Instead, the CDC refused to cooperate. As the Harvard grant recipients explained: Unfortunately, there was never an opportunity to perform system performance assessments because the necessary CDC contacts were no longer available and the CDC consultants responsible for receiving data were no longer responsive to our multiple requests to proceed with testing and evaluation. After three years and spending $1 million of taxpayers’ money, the CDC refused to even communicate with the HHS’ Harvard Medical School grant recipients. While HHS generally strongly supports automating public health surveillance systems, when it comes to vaccine safety, the CDC has only supported projects that would limit VAERS to passive surveillance. Automation would improve safety and address many of the long-standing issues and limitations raised by CDC regarding VAERS.37 Capturing “fewer than 1% of vaccine adverse events” thirty years after the passage of the 1986 Act is unacceptable – and potentially deadly.
674	doubtful	Autism: A behavioral diagnosis for static encephalopathy derived from encephalitis, an autoimmune inflammatory response to a trigger that leads to sequelae that affects the overall health of the individual. Vaccines injected are the most invasive triggers. The govt may not agree vaccines cause “autism” but it does cause encephalopathy... which causes pervasive developmental delays also known as autism spectrum disorder.... or so says the “vaccine court”. Increase not due to better counting / diagnosis Rising cost of autism “Epidemic” of autism - study showed ASD symptoms improved after own stem cells injected - Indicates ASD acquired after birth and storage of cord blood Genetic and environmental factors “Due to the progress of autism in recent decades, a wide range of studies have been done to identify the etiological factors of autism. It has been found that genetic and environmental factors are both involved in autism pathogenesis
649	doubtful	That's actually not what they told us. They said the shot would give immunity for life. Again, it appears they weren't aware it would wane
141	doubtful	Ok so a worker at my work took the vaccine. After she went back home she was trying to do the magnetic spoons and stuff for just fun. She never believed the myths but wanted to do it for the laughs. At some point she tried to put a coin behind her palm and the coin would get magnetized to her hand. She said it felt like placing a magnet on a fridge where you feel the magnetic pulse attracting the magnet. It wasn't strong but she felt it. After an hour it stopped working. Does anyone know how that could be possible? I don't believe in the myths either but I believe it was something else that she didn't notice but what could it possibly be? I say again she never believed in the vaccine myths and still doesn't but that hand thing surprised her good. She said she recorded it but I haven't watched the footage yet. She is not the type to ever troll. She is serious.
819	convinced	You are right that the analogy is not perfect, as injection and ingestion do have different effects. Ingested foods are often only partially absorbed into the blood stream. However scientists have studied the dosages of these substances in vaccines and found them safe at the low amounts used.
793	not sure	If that's too confusing, I'm sorry. That's the way it is. Hope it helps My knowledge with chemistry is next to cero, perhabs you are right certainly you don't fully know or understand the implications. I also have to add your response was unnecessary sarcastic, jest, pedantic with nuances of autism.
429	informative	Anti vaxxers don’t really spread disease until a lot of them are living together because of herd immunity so she probably won’t get you infected
901	convinced	If you were going to have a reaction like that from the vaccine, it would have been immediate. If you made it past 5 seconds, you're all good
683	convinced	If parents are concerned about the effects of the MMR vaccine, I would suggest having their children get the vaccines separately. It's also not just people having their children skip the MMR vaccine, but all vaccines in general. Autism has been found to be genetic, and if you read the book Neurotribes, you will learn that autism diagnosis rates went up in the 1990s due to an expansion of the diagnosis criteria to include Asperger's syndrome. Children with Asperger's syndrome do not regress as toddlers like some kids with more severe autism do.
70	convinced	Basically nothing. Autoimmunity to the central nervous system (CNS), especially to myelin basic protein (MBP), may play a causal role in autism, a neurodevelopmental disorder. According to no-one. Interesting hyothesis, but autimmunity to MBP is called multiple sclerosis. If these children had reactivity to it, they would have multiple sclerosis. Because many autistic children harbor elevated levels of measles antibodies, we conducted a serological study of measles-mumps-rubella (MMR) and MBP autoantibodies. Nonsensical reason. Literally makes no sense. Furthermore, over 90% of MMR antibody-positive autistic sera were also positive for MBP autoantibodies, suggesting a strong association between MMR and CNS autoimmunity in autism. Not really. These children don't have MS. Stemming from this evidence, we suggest that an inappropriate antibody response to MMR, specifically the measles component thereof, might be related to pathogenesis of autism. Great, then test that dumb hypothesis if you want.
936	convinced	And you somehow got stupider in just a couple responses. Compounds almost never carry the same attributes as the elements that make them. Just because it has mercury in it doesn’t mean it’s toxic
813	not sure	She will not be swayed. And won't look at any factual evidence I provide. Apparently Facebook memes are more qualified than doctors.
818	convinced	"And of course, he worked was already a centre for children with both bowel problems and behavioural difficulties. It's not like he encountered random children with those two things and MMR in common. And with MMR already being a vaccine given as standard to children, simply saying ""I've found these 12 children with both bowel problems and behavioural problems and 8 of them were given MMR"" proves nothing. There was no control group. It's like a doctor at a clinic for deaf children with diabetes saying ""I've found some children with both deafness and diabetes and most of the were issued birth certificates, therefore birth certificates cause deafness and diabetes""."
791	not sure	"My knowledge with chemistry is next to cero, perhabs you are right certainly you don't fully know or understand the implications The implications of what? I apologise of you read it in a sarcastic tone, but that's not the time I tried to convey. Also ""nuances of autism"" isn't a thing people say. If you want to get real, let me know. Don't ask about ""mercury"" in vaccines and then negate an actual expert's response. How in the hell would you know next to zero about chemistry and even be able to judge my understanding of ""the implications"" (still not assigned to a specific thing btw.)"
957	doubtful	 No exaggeration. Thirteen hundred, mostly children. Permanently injured with narcolepsy/cataplexy following vaccination. Yes this is true. I'm conceding nothing. Your actions say otherwise. You had nothing of substance to appeal to. Your baseless and conflicting hypotheses were exposed as flimsy ad hoc rationalizations. You once again showed you have no depth of understanding the topic at hand. I'm just getting bored with your constant bullshit and I have other things to do today. Womp womp. Rest and get back to the usual lying hustle. Then we can beat that spirit out of you all over again in similarly embarrassing fashion.
292	not sure	you imply as if what he is saying is not true? why do you seek to misconstrue truth as false, so you can gain the accolades and applauses of the sheep?
213	informative	"The fact that human society is continually being referred to in the media as a ""herd,"" as though we were just a bunch of animals, is, at the base level, ominous."
330	convinced	Well, me, for one. It's easily researchable. Simple answer: they contain a weakened form of the virus along with a handful of other ingredients like antibiotics and preservatives (Gelatin & MSG - both commonly used in foods). Sure, in theory they could tell us that that was what was in them and put something else in but in practice the results we see from taking vaccines are exactly what you would expect from the stated ingredients
888	convinced	just saying that the 1 in 1000 is for encephalitis, or brain swelling, which is not deadly in all cases but leaves a whole lot of brain damage. Which is why we try to prevent measles!
602	not sure	I didn''t mean that industry funded studies are entirely useless, but way too many people think conflicts of interest don't matter in vaccine research
900	convinced	You are good. I get mild flu-like symptoms for a day or so after every shot, but that's just my hyperactive immune system going into overdrive because that shit works. Still worth it to not die horribly of diseases we already cured. Welcome to the civilized age!
835	not sure	So you don't have an answer to any of those questions just now non answers chasing your tail around?
87	doubtful	You didn't answer my question. You said it can't cause damage to the body. Is that true or isn't it?
651	not sure	Wait there's a debate about vaccines?
428	convinced	Why do you spread fear over something that has helped humanity so much?
202	convinced	So if your telling me that vaccines are bad then why does the government still say we should get them why do some schools require them why would they lie there is no point. The thing is they don’t like they are good vaccines are deeply tested and researched and it Can take some times 15 years for the vaccinations to reach the public. So if they hurt then your telling me all that research and testing was wrong and your stupid essential oils is right. Just one more question would you rather have you kid die of polio or have autism
841	convinced	if you work in microbiology I'm sure you can give some references that cannot be easily denied but just bringing statements doesn't help in these discussions. . and getting angry and insulting doesn't help too, it just helps people believe in antivaxx. . sorry that I didn't bring any additional content but if you want to help the population you have to behave in a way that people believe you.
542	not sure	READ THE PAPER You ask us to read the paper but don't provide a link. This is worthless.
467	convinced	The study doesn't say people are forgetting their boosters, it says there is evidence that the vaccine doesn't stop people form being asymptomatic carriers Are you dense? Or didn't even bother to read everything I wrote? When these animals were co-housed, they were able to infect other, unvaccinated, animals. Point being that unvaccinated animals will be more at risk! Omg, you're... something.
435	convinced	This isn’t a political issue like pro life versus pro choice anti vaxxers are just wrong and spread fear over the things that got our society to where it is today
939	not sure	Well I'm certainly not going to argue! I'm glad you posted solid facts, and not opinions. Are you a medical doctor? Silly question, you must be.
277	convinced	There have not been any deaths attributed to any of the vaccines, and there isn’t a single chemical compound on the face of the earth that hasn’t had any sort of side effect when given to people. You can literally be allergic to water and you’re primarily made of the stuff.
624	convinced	"Ah yes, the old ""doing what's best to make sure people don't die of preventable diseases is the same as Nazism"" argument. Rock solid."
281	doubtful	Yeah unfortunately where I am the government decided to spread the vaccines out 3-4 months to get more people with their first shot.
661	informative	All live viruses can be ‘shed’. “Could my unvaccinated or immune compromised child get sick from coming in contact with a recently vaccinated person? When it comes to live virus vaccines, the short answer is: Yes. During a viral infection, live virus is shed in the body fluids of those who are infected for varying amounts of time and can be transmitted to others. 3 4 5 Vaccine strain live virus is also shed for varying amounts of time in the body fluids of vaccinated people and can be transmitted to others. 6 7 8 Although public health officials maintain that live attenuated virus vaccines rarely cause complications in the vaccinated person and that vaccine strain viral shedding rarely causes disease in close contacts of the recently vaccinated, it is important to be aware that vaccine strain live virus infection can sometimes cause serious complications in vaccinated persons and vaccine strain live viruses can be shed and transmitted to others with serious or even fatal consequences.” Vaccinated Man sheds polio for 30 yrs
897	convinced	You're going to die. But not from the vaccine. When you ignore the risk of things you have come to implicitly accept, it makes the other actionable risks you must choose to face seem disproportionately large. Remember the baseline risks to put new things into perspective. Human nature doesn't do this automatically.
731	not sure	Three 8 year olds in trench coat am I missing the reference
843	doubtful	You've been emotionally manipulated and feared into thinking vaccines are preventing a plague. Keep up the delusion of wishful thinking and appeals to emotion!
32	convinced	They don't contain mercury. Compounds are not elements. You're still wrong. Go take a chemistry class before you look like a dumbass again.
398	informative	"The disclaimer at the end of the ""for educational purposes only"" website says it all for me. That is 100% propaganda. I mean there is a link to a legit study sure, but that being said they are cherry picking results that say basically the data is X when X = exactly what VaX also equals. What's the issue?"
129	informative	See here( Or alternatively IUPAC nomenclature rules if you're feeling frisky.
126	doubtful	"I'll let you do all the talking as to what your original argument is. But your tobacco paper is a non-sequitur and you've provided no tie-in to vaccines. Now if you want to go through the trouble of tying red yarn between ""Big Tobacco lied about tobacco science"" and ""Wakefield is a disgraced quack"", be my guest. You won't have data to do so, though, which is my point."
341	not sure	My direction is always straight to the gutter. Well played sir.
441	convinced	Of course, and that has been done. Vaccines have risks, but generally are safe.
820	informative	The comparison between the amount in food and the amount in vaccines isn't good because injection and ingestion have different effects on the body in some cases Also, aluminum is an adjuvant, not a preservative
764	not sure	Eh, that's fine. I'm sure I'll see you around. Minor correction, though: you seem to be misconstruing that confusion as bad-faith argument They're quite separate and I've kept them distinct. Your confusion has come after the bad faith argument you've put forth over and over. I'm not quite sure what you're confused about as I think the comments flow quite fine on revisiting, but if you don't want to know then that's that.
80	not sure	"firstly flying turtles is not killing humans and causing endless suffering Then why are so many boeing planes all “mysteriously” crashing Y’all forgot about flight 370? Wake up"
787	not sure	I'm not attacking you as a person, I am however heavily disagreeing with your willingness to debate topics whose nuances and basics you know little about. Seriously. How many times have I told you this? Do legitimate research in a legitimate lab or take a legitimate class. That's why there's a difference between a degree in biochemical engineering and doing occasional online research You are committing an ad hominem fallacy by attempting to discredit me as a person rather than point out the flaw in my supposedly ignorant comment I am aware that toxicity depends on dose, method of delivery, and adjuvants (kudos for recognizing method of delivery, many people ignore than one), but my point remains that exposure to most mercury compounds presents a risk of mercury toxicity, and such compounds are generally hazardous to handle unless extremely dilute I agree that vaccines do not cause mercury toxicity, as any mercury in them is a very small amount, but your claim that elemental mercury is more toxic than organic mercury is simply not true, and the comparison to table salt was a poor analogy Please address that accuracy of my arguments directly rather than attempt to attack my level of education
953	not sure	What the hell does that have to do with my response my other comment? It that supposed to be some lazy attempt at an ad hominem insult? And you day you’re pro vaxx but you’re preaching anti vaxx propaganda
153	informative	I am. 50+ male. I recently had to get a new round of vaccinations. The university I’m getting my masters at required it. I question having to be forced as a 50+ year old to re vaccinate. That is not my question though My question is...a month after getting mumps / rubella I believe it was a total of 3 shots. I got shingles. As it child I don’t remember having chicken pox. My siblings don’t remember either I don’t have any views about vaccines and their connection to anything other that making us healthier n general. Not look for conspiracy thoughts please. Does it make sense that I would get shingles after getting shots? Btw I did not get vaccinated against shingles. Any thought would be appreciated
506	convinced	"I respect people that dont want to vaccinate because of their child's experience with it, but so many people go on ""witch hunts"" abt things like big pharma. If your child is allergic to a vaccine than in all means, dont take that vaccine- but this is the situation for any other medicine. However, vaccines are not a one size fits all situation, just like other medicine. I think both you and i have proven our points by now, so any more arguing could lead to a heated debate. Thank you for this opprotunity to both listen to and spread differing viewpoints."
489	doubtful	My guy unvaccinated kids live the same life as vaccinated kids but are way healthier and well better in every way really
942	convinced	Vaccines aren’t a 100% protection against disease and as you age your immune system gets worse. It’s not the vaccines and yes people like you are entirely the source of the measles outbreak
382	not sure	I loved this clip for one big reason, the cap is still on the needle...
430	convinced	Definitely not me, but with the pandemic, I've been in the front yard trying to grow all the food since it's the only place I feel safe, and this woman and her 3 little kids has been walkin by, as one does. She stopped to chat with me yesterday and within a few minutes, after touching on her suspicion of 5G technology being linked to Covid-19, she tells me that she is an antivaxx campaigner and she's proud none of her kids were vaccinated. I actually felt panic, began to back away from her physically and was literally stunned into silence as my ears started ringing. Never in my life have I had such a visceral reaction to an antivaxxer, and I wish I could have thought of the one thing I could have said to make her realize her cognitive dissonance is actually a matter of life or death for some of us. I wonder why, when faced with actual medical data, some peoples' cognitive dissonance cannot be broken.
606	not sure	I guess you can just put fake facts on a billboard any time you want? Isn't there quality control or something? I would be interested to see a study of how extremely you can advertise lies....
464	convinced	That is the vaccine job to protect her dont worry
344	not sure	I recently told someone, i would be happy if Dolly Parton added a chip to her Moderna vaccine. I didn’t get the Moderna vaccine, but if She wants to track me she is welcome.
851	not sure	Question: where's your IQ? Do you support this sub?
763	not sure	I have been arguing honestly the whole time, I'm not interested in continuing discussion which someone who derails the conversation by insisting otherwise. If you think I'm wrong that's fine, but I AM arguing in good faith
462	informative	But you can. Simple answer. Autism is genetic. Real science proves that.
502	informative	Go the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia page on it
161	doubtful	"From: &#x200B; Why are the world’s top vaccine promoters, like Paul Offit and Peter Hotez, frantically warning us about the unique and frightening dangers inherent in developing a coronavirus vaccine? Scientists first attempted to develop coronavirus vaccines( after China’s 2002 SARS-CoV outbreak. Teams of US & foreign scientists vaccinated animals with the four most promising vaccines. At first, the experiment seemed successful as all the animals developed a robust antibody response to coronavirus. However, when the scientists exposed the vaccinated animals to the wild virus, the results were horrifying. Vaccinated animals suffered hyper-immune responses( including inflammation throughout their bodies, especially in their lungs. Researchers had seen this same “enhanced immune response” during human testing of the failed RSV vaccine tests( in the 1960s. Two children died( In this video footage, Offit, Hotez and even Anthony Fauci (in an unguarded moment), warn that any new coronavirus vaccine could trigger lethal immune reactions “vaccine enhancement” when vaccinated people come in contact with the wild virus. Instead of proceeding with caution, Fauci has made the reckless choice to fast track( vaccines, partially funded by Gates( without critical animal studies( before moving into human clinical trials that could provide early warning of runaway immune response. Gates (in the video) is so worried about the danger of adverse events that he says vaccines shouldn’t be distributed until governments agree to indemnity( lawsuits. On February 4, 2020, according to the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) website( there were only 11 active CV cases( in the USA, yet the U.S. quietly pushed through Federal regulations( giving coronavirus vaccine makers full immunity from liability. &#x200B; ""..."""
541	not sure	1. Freedom of 2. How does looking up the freedom of information act (A bill passed in 1966 btw) bring up the supposed amount they owe?
16	doubtful	Just ethylmercury, which is a form of this thing called mercury...
549	doubtful	Everybody knows they're a health risk you twit. They've been declared unavoidably unsafe by the supreme court. It's a matter of determining what the health risks are.
998	convinced	How long does it take ethyl mercury to metabolize? What happens to the brain with long term exposure? These are the questions you should be asking. The answers to the questions to summarize the half-life is 7 days for ethyl. Longer for methyl. Not high enough dose and not in your system long enough to cause any damage. Regardless of the way it enters your body.
774	doubtful	OP isn't talking about any trend in autism rate, he is just saying that if vaccines caused autism autism would be more common, which doesn't make sense, as some side effects are common and others are rare
503	not sure	And you re right. (Also i was using food as an example)
881	convinced	autism has increased greatly in the past couple decades” well yeah no shit because now we understand it better and are able to identify and address it better than they could more than 40-50 years ago. But not only autism; encephalopathy, meningitis, brain damage, SIDS, chronic illnesses, autoimmune disorders, diabetes, and organ failures, especially in kids, have also drastically risen. to credit the entire growth of 50 fold to mere diagnosis and understanding is pretty shoddy It is more cancer though, technically, since more people are able to live longer there’s going to be more people with cancer - which increases rate of cancer in a population. So someone can skew some statistics and say “vaccines lead to a higher percentage of people with cancer” or “vaccines lead to a higher chance of cancer” which is true, albeit an out of context statement, because people live longer = more older people with cancer = higher cancerous population = higher chance of becoming cancerous. I guess nothing can rise anymore, because it all just comes down to more people living.. so no, the number of cell phones is not rising, it's just the amount of people that can be alive to have them increase due to living longer and better with cell phones.
457	convinced	Science deniers. Ironically many of them are college educated.
944	convinced	It is a good idea to be carful about any medical treatment, but I will say if you are in or near an area with a measles outbreak get the MMR, the virus can float around in the are where a child has been, infected people are contagious before they show symptoms, and adult measles is way worse than adult chickenpox.
625	doubtful	No you teach people logic and critical thinking. Teach people to be honest and respect others. Encourage free thinking and scientific progress. Lies and censorship are never the answer. Herd immunity does not and cannot exist due to vaccination. Pro vaccine choice individuals are the ones calling for more study and scientific progress. It is usually the ones that call for more vaccination that have the hubris to believe the science is settled and we know everything there is to know about the human body and the immune system. It is the ones against vaccine choice that have the arrogance to demand everyone follow what they believe regardless of the individuals hurt along the way. The belief that the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few and that the nation state should be allowed to tell an individual what to inject into their body are fascist ideals. Fascism - anti-intellectual, anti-democratic, individual interests are subordinated to the good of the nation, forcibly suppresses opposition and criticism, regiments industry, commerce, etc., emphasizes an aggressive nationalism and often racism. AKA taking away an individual’s right to choose what is injected into their body despite numerous side effects and subjecting them to mass experimentation for “the good of the nation” while really just backing the ever growing pharmaceutical industry and suppressing any information that contradicts their interests. So even if you don’t agree don’t force your ideals on others. The nazis experimented on people. This led to the Nuremberg Trials and Code, detailing the human right for Informed Consent. Vaccine mandates violate an individual’s rights for informed consent. They are experimenting on people with vaccines (ex: from vaccine insert: “vaccines have not been tested for mutagenic or carcinogenic effects on pregnant women” yet we give vaccines to pregnant women anyway. Also, activating maternal immune system has risks to fetus. Yet they persist in their unjustified claims that it provides some benefit.
308	not sure	You honestly thought my reply was serious?
847	not sure	Idk... I'm kinda sick of this whole sub, sorry about that
427	not sure	You criticize something yet you also participate out of a lack of choice. Curious
263	doubtful	The vaccine effectively destroys any natural immunity you have, by replacing your Non-specific antibodies with specific antibodies. These specific antibodies crowd out the natural Non-specific antibodies, causing your entire immune system to not only have an autoimmune response, but also be completely open viral or bacterial infection. Yall ready for the mass death that you sleeping sheep walked right into
363	convinced	Oh good, you're back. Missed your very subtle antivaxx comments.
54	informative	It’s the FDA, the US food and drug administration. They administrate the vaccines and food
156	informative	The data shows that more than 20 millions people have taken the first dose. After how many people takes the vaccine will the pandemic starts to slow down? Any data or thoughts?
938	not sure	I'm simply suggesting that you must be a very, very smart person.
688	informative	The doctors have not been clear about how long he has left. They were the ones that wanted the vaccine. He also routinely refuses to obey instructions from his cardiologist and has refused medications. That’s actually a large reason why he is the way he is. He refused to go to the cardiologist for almost 10 years and quit his previous meds cold turkey even though he was born with a defect in his heart and had stints. This is what we are dealing with. The only reason he went back is because we strong-armed him into it. Low and behold, his rather garden variety CAD had progressed to heart failure because he put it off so long.
420	convinced	No, he didn’t just “save” anyone from a dangerous vaccine. Moderna themselves have said that the 8 positives results was a good “first step” (here)( into creating an effective vaccine. Much more testing is to come and the vaccine is expected as early as January. Don’t worry, more testing will come. I agree that there are massive flaws with big pharma and politicians in the US, but not everyone lives in the US.... right? People live in countries less corrupt than america where the health industry is not the massive corporation it is in your country. Vaccines remain the same every, big pharma doesn’t.
523	doubtful	Is it more likely that Corona and other viruses like SARS, Avian and ZIKA are man-made diseases implanted through vaccinations years in advance inadvertantly that are triggered when common diseases infect the contaminated cells? _ can blind faith in medical practices and practioners be our ultimate demise.
754	not sure	You've never admitted to being wrong so far. Are you saying as much, or not? Because if it's the former, then you were just wrong by jumping the gun. If it's the latter, then yes of course it's bad faith.
397	convinced	I know people that are suing this study to try convince people not to vaccinate for their born babies or get the COVID vacation. I’ve been trolled on other social media platforms for promoting vaccines, especially the COVID vaccine as it the first of its kind. It’s made differently from the rest.
546	not sure	Fuk you are daft! I'm done. I cant argue with a complete moron and feel ok with it. Do everyone a favour and do something with your life that doesn't involve big words or sharp knives. You can still do some good! Just dont procreate.
886	not sure	What exactly do vaccines have to do with the distribution of crack?
722	informative	"Ethylmercury Ethylmercury (sometimes ethyl mercury) is a cation composed of an organic CH3CH2- species (an ethyl group) bound to a mercury(II) centre, making it a type of organometallic cation, and giving it a chemical formula is C2H5Hg+. It is one of the metabolites of thiomersal (thimerosal or sodium ethyl mercuric thiosalicylate), which is used as a preservative in some vaccines. The term ""ethylmercury"" is also sometimes used as a generic term to describe organomercury compounds which include the ethylmercury functional group, such as ethylmercury chloride and ethylmercury urea. ^ ^PM( ^| ^Exclude ^me( ^| ^Exclude ^from ^subreddit( ^| ^FAQ ^/ ^Information( ^| ^Source( ^ ^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.28"
486	informative	And it was the MMR study that was the impetus for creating the VAXXED documentary.
260	doubtful	YOU. ARE. DUMB. And part of the issue regarding people who don’t want the vaccine. It is forced. You have NO freedom if you aren’t vaccinated and what is this country supposed to be? FREE. Can’t go to work, shop, school, university, etc.... unless your vaccinated. Not everybody is able to do everything from home. You should not be told you can’t do ANYTHING unless you get the vaccine, especially when a vaccine is out that protects you from covid therefore putting nobody at risk. Holding something above our head like kids is wrong. It’s MANDATORY if you want your freedom. And your “ScIeNce” and “BiDeN” and “FaUcI” few days ago was spewing bullshit about wearing masks and blah blah then yesterday, literally one day later, announced no more masks for vaccinated people with absolutely no new science, nothing changed. It has nothing to do with not trusting doctors or nurses or medical experts. It has everything to do with politics and the influence they hold over doctors/nurses and medical experts. They will do what Biden says and wants no matter what. They’ve completely contradicted themselves multiple times by taking back something they said cause Biden said opposite. And BY THE WAY- the “ScIeNcE” SHOWS STATES THAT DUMPED THAT TRASH MANDATE OF MASKING... HAVE LESS OR FEWER contracted COVID CASES THAN STATES THAT DIDNT! LOL DUMBASS.
619	doubtful	So do I. Yet we have different conclusions. You forcing your assumptions on me and my family “for the greater good” is a fascist and extremely dangerous mentality. If vaccines are safe then prove it. Because the science shows they aren’t safe or effective. Its only propaganda. Vaccine manufacturers should have the same judicial oversight on vaccines or “biologics” as drugs. There should be double blind placebo testing on vaccines, same as drugs. Compare the health of vaccinated vs unvaccinated. The best thing that has happened for the “greater good” has been the freedom of speech. Especially the freedom to speak against tyranny. There is never a topic great enough to promote giving up that right. Absolute power corrupts absolutely.
538	convinced	While shedding( is real for some live vaccines( like oral polio and rotavirus, it is rarely a problem.
513	informative	The virus was caused by someone eating a bat =_=
532	doubtful	Aborted fetuses used in vaccines and vaccine development Stanley plotkins admits 76 fetuses used in vaccine development Human diploid cells Summary of human aborted fetus cell lines Religious objections Dr. Deisher on informed consent with human dna in vaccines and drugs Dr. Theresa Deisher finds correlation between human fetal DNA in vaccines and Autism. “ Broadening changes in diagnostic criteria for ASD complicate interpretation of the current epidemic. Therefore, we focused on autistic disorder (previously called infantile autism), the most severe form of ASD, which has relatively constant diagnostic criteria over the past 5 decades”
157	convinced	"This comprehensive and thorough list of facts will help you to counter and win any vaccine debate. If an antivaxer is attacking you or making baseless/outlandish + unscientific claims, you can use this list of information to shut their arguments down immediately with facts: \-Vaccines are extremely safe: in fact, no serious adverse events (besides injection site pain/erythema) have ever actually been proven. \-Vaccine adverse events are notoriously OVER (not under!) reported. It is estimated by a Harvard study using data mining technology + VAERS reports that adverse events are reported at 100x (or more) the rate that they actually occur. \-One study found that 97% of ""adverse events"" from vaccines are actually nocebo effects (like the placebo effect, people believe/imagine they are having symptoms due to fear/expectation) \-Not a single case of autism has ever made it to higher courts, because the autism + vaccine connection has an overwhelming amount of research debunking it. \-in 1986, vaccine manufacturers took on increased liability for their product to reassure the public of safety: this is because research has proven without doubt that vaccines are incredibly safe. Despite manufacture liability, vaccine manufactures have never actually needed to pay out any amount for any purported ""injury"" claims. The evidence is overwhelming to debunk these claims. \-Andrew Wakefield, a public disgrace and conspiracist theorist with multiple agendas, is the only physician or scientist to have ever published a medical paper criticizing vaccine safety. His paper was later retracted for fraud and his licence revoked. \-Vaccine inserts list events that occur normally in populations and do NOT prove any causative association between vaccines and these purported ""events"". If the events listed in vaccine inserts actually \caused\ these effects, billions in personal injury lawsuits would be paid out -- which is not the case! \-Unlike what antivaxers claim, it has been proven thoroughly that Gardasil is incredibly safe. The supposed ""injuries"" that circulate the internet in the form of horror stories can be explained psychologically by the phenomenon of mass psychogenic events, instigated by fear + the nocebo effect. \-The MMR does not cause any adverse neurological events or damage in the brains of laboratory animals, even at doses higher than used in humans. \-The cumulative effect of the entire vaccination schedule (72 doses in children by the age of 18 today, in 2020) has been completely and thoroughly investigated for safety, and no issues have been found. \-Vaccines have rigorous long-term safety studies for all potential of carcinogenicity, fertility, and long-term health adverse effects, and no issues have been found. \-Despite some ethical concerns raised, several vaccinated vs. unvaccinated studies have been conducted. It was found that vaccinated children have significantly lower rates of allergies, chronic health problems, and neurological issues. \-Vaccines are thought to have a potential neuroprotective and anti-cancer effect, which is still being studied. It is suspected that vaccines may prevent infertility, dementia, and cancer, although further investigation is needed. \-All clinical trials for vaccines use double-blinded trials with saline placebos, which is the gold standard in medical research. \-The FDA has an independent taxpayer-funded committee to examine and analyze all raw data from vaccine clinical trials. Scientists and data analysts conducting this research have extensive background testing to ensure no conflicts of interest in any pharmaceutical company. This debunks the myth of ""conflict of interest"" regarding vaccine manufacturers funding their own safety studies for FDA/CDC approval. \-There are comprehensive laws to prevent the myth of the “revolving door” phenomenon that anti-vaxers like to use as proof of government-pharmaceutical corruption. If a scientist/researcher who investigated vaccine safety has had any financial ties to a pharmaceutical company, they are disqualified from the vaccine approval committee. Similarly, once an individual has worked in the field of vaccine approval for the FDA/CDC, they are unable to accept positions as pharmaceutical-hired scientists. These laws prevent conflicts of interest between vaccine approval and pharmaceutical profit. \-Studies of vaccinated vs unvaccinated infants have thoroughly refuted any claims linking vaccines to SIDS. \-The USA has very high vaccination rates as well as one of the lowest rates of infant mortality in all developed nations. \-France, which has a notoriously high rate of vaccine hesitancy, has higher rates of autism, SIDS, and chronic illnesses than other developed countries of similar socioeconomic structure. \-Autism is “more prevalent” due to more advanced and specific diagnostic criteria. Once diagnostic criteria was established, people of older generations (age 50’s-80’s) were found to have nearly identical rates of autism to those of younger generations (age 40’s and under). Source: CDC, WHO, and FDA. If an antivaxer ever tries to argue with you about the safety of vaccines, this comprehensive list of facts will immediately shut down all their false claims and misunderstanding. Don’t let false information spread! Share this to anyone who needs to hear it. TL;DR: FACTS to fight + win any antivax debate."
558	not sure	Just put dr in your handle and you instantly know everything
505	not sure	I genuinely can't tell if this is satire
367	convinced	There are pros and cons to everything in this world my friend, even something like aspirine as cons. The cons in the article refer to my atopy and subsequent allergic reaction to it. More cons, it's difficult to store, and hard to prepare. But as I state, it's worth while the risk. Nothing weird at all, I guess you didn’t even check my CDC link, next time please read don't skim. And please be gentle! Stay safe my friend, keep others safe, and get vaccinated. The pros are vastly superior to the cons.
947	informative	I never said it was bad. I said it's a myth that there's no mercury in vaccines.
573	not sure	Gotcha. I think I started to watch it one night but I fell asleep.
935	not sure	It’s mercury with an extra electron? What’s the big deal about that
76	convinced	I'm not anti-vaccine. See how we're still talking about what you want me to be saying vs what I actually said? So you can't address anything I said? You can argue with yourself without me, friend.
714	convinced	No. Because it can't. Clearly you didn't know that even your own body or breastmilk contain formaldehyde. That's naturally produced by your body. If you don't understand that the dose makes it dangerous, then you probably need to drink 20 l of water and see how you feel. Also... Maybe go to a physiology class, and take dr weil with you, to learn that the body excretes the ingredients of a vaccine in 72 h tops. They literally don't have time to reach the blood barrier seeing how they are in such a small quantity and they're injected subcutaneously or intramuscular. But hey, please, tell me more about how you learned medicine from fucking google. I'm sure you have a diploma too. Don't vaccinate your child, by all means. I'm sure you'd love tk have him die from tetanus. It's surely easier to swallow than the fact that Kennedy jr has no freaking clue about what he's talking about.
647	informative	It's not happening to everyone. Two doses given in childhood should be enough. But people aren't robots and it's best to prevent! It's the same with varicella for example. Theoretically, the disease will give you antibodies for life, yet some people get the infection twice or three times. Medicine is not exact maths.
812	convinced	Well yes technically it isn’t safe. But what is? You can literally die from oxygen yet we live off of it.
723	doubtful	Aborted fetuses used in vaccines and vaccine development. Stanley plotkins admits 76 fetuses used in vaccine development Human diploid cells. Summary of human aborted fetus cell lines. Religious objections. Dr. Deisher on informed consent with human dna in vaccines and drugs. Dr. Theresa Deisher finds correlation between human fetal DNA in vaccines and Autism. “ Broadening changes in diagnostic criteria for ASD complicate interpretation of the current epidemic. Therefore, we focused on autistic disorder (previously called infantile autism), the most severe form of ASD, which has relatively constant diagnostic criteria over the past 5 decades”
249	doubtful	Healthy two month old developed stomach ulcers from mother's vaccinated breast milk. Baby started vomiting blood two days after mom was jabbed. No exposure to anything other than mother's moderna mRNA milk. No other possible cause was found.
20	not sure	What is thimerosal? I know it's a compound, but what's in it? What's it made of?
744	convinced	Almost all antivaxers want the best for their children but they are very mistaken.
250	not sure	I just thought it was funny, you can still see the needle
94	informative	That and the vaccine was available until 1960 or something
103	convinced	"Vaccines have been tested more than any other pharmaceutical product ever. I've done searches on ""X vaccine safety"" and on ""ingredient X safety"" on PubMed, and the smallest number of hits was over 3,000."
342	informative	Well I got the shingles. I got nothing on my dingle I am clear to mingle Tho I am sadly not single This seemed like the direction you were going
251	not sure	Still waiting for you to address the actual science pertaining to the vaccines.
912	not sure	And u expect me to believe that at the age of 7 you knew what vaccines are?
632	not sure	well the same goes for talking about vaccines. there's no harm in just listening to it. you can choose to do what you like with your own body.
191	informative	The 1 in 1000 fatality rate from measles is a known calculation error by the CDC. It's actually closer to 1 in 10,000 or 0.01% of cases. To put it in perspective, 1 in 10,000 is the same probability of getting struck by lightning in your lifetime. (Howstuffworks.com) Proof: Prior to the introduction of the measles vaccine in 1963, “there were an estimated 3 to 4 million people infected with measles in the United States, and as many as 500 related deaths each year,” which is correct. However, this computes to a number of deaths which, at most, is one in 6,000 (3,000,000 divided by 500). More precisely, between 1959 and 1962, about 400 measles deaths occurred among about 4,000,000 measles cases, which results in a one in 10,000 (0.01%) chance of a child dying from measles, not one in 500 or one in 1,000. By comparison, over 23,000 infant deaths occur every year in the U.S. and thus the chance of a child dying in his or her first year of life is currently one in 170 (0.6%)—this is 60 times the risk of a child dying from measles in 1962, a time period when almost every child had measles by age 15. The reason this calculation error unfortunately commonly occurs is because the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) publishes case-fatality rates based on the number of reported cases only. And, since it is estimated that nearly 90% of measles cases are benign and therefore not reported to the CDC, the widely publicized measles case-fatality rate is a 10-fold miscalculation. Such an error has grave public health consequences. 1 in 10,000 lightning strike odds:
670	not sure	thanks for anyone that is willing to help! You don’t need to enter any personal details also!
42	convinced	Physicians for Informed Consent is a group of board certified medical doctors, neurobiologists, immunologists, nurses & lawyers. Members have also testified in front of Congress regarding vaccine safety. I don't see how that's a conspiracy
979	convinced	Just because damages from NATURAL ALLERGIES of vaccines have a compensation program, doesn't mean damages are deliberate. Why would they compensate something they are supposedly covering up if they even were covering it up?
682	convinced	"Wow, you reading comprehension is scary. I've only read half of your ""conclusions"" that yoj got from the paragraphs and it's scary that someone doesn't understand shit from them. Also, group immunity is what makes the flu shot efficient, along with the strain match. Stop spreading misleading shit that you can't even read right. Who the fuck reads an article like the last one and says that glu vaccine sheds. No inactivated vaccine can shed. What virology classes did you take? With a goat? Geezus fucking christ"
859	doubtful	Thank you. I really do stress myself out over it. It's important but also very stressful and difficult. I'm going to take a holiday soon and just clear my mind and body from the amount of ignorance, insults, and blindness from the pro Vaccine zealots. I stay up and took time from home work for this shit. It's time for me to sum up and take a break I think
987	not sure	I had a small stroke reading the first comments
92	not sure	You said it's the only point you can imagine as a way to justify ignoring what I said in order to reply to what you think I said... Very clever. Peace.
458	convinced	Yeah all these anti vaxx Karen’s have no concept of actual science.
91	convinced	Going into the blood can cause non-lethal, but very serious, brain damage and many others, but its more likely to cause brain damage than going into the digestive tract. However, going into the digestive tract has a higher chance of causing liver problems. Both of them can be expelled from the body, respectively through urine and feces. Going through the blood is, in fact, probably more dangerous, but the quantity is so miniscule it can be easily expelled and, even if it isn’t, it can’t cause damage to the body. You would need to take a whole bunch of vaccines to cause any noticeable effect. I’m gonna guess like 10 shots per month or 5 shots per month
933	not sure	Huh. I never actually thought about it that way. That could be part of the truth. Not all of course, but that definitely could be part of the reason why.
735	not sure	You dads epilepsy is probably from a severe head injury. Or head injury and stroke. Has your father had any of these?
369	informative	I’m not questioning the allergy. There’s no pros or cons to the vaccine listed as stated in the outset that there would be. That’s all.
252	not sure	You fool lol. How do you not get it? Damn you people are stupid
203	informative	Vaccine products are a contentious topic in our current society, with everyone having a steadfast opinion on whether they are for it or against it. While neither are side will budge on their stance, it makes it all the more difficult for an average person to get an unbiased and helpful outlook towards vaccine products when they are on the fence on whether to get vaccinated, whether it’s for themselves or their children. &#x200B; Many schools, as well as countries, are making it compulsory that individuals receive Vaccine products at regular intervals for protection against various miscellaneous diseases and infections. Many people, however, are still apprehensive about vaccination. Before you allow your doctor to inject a concoction of chemicals into their body their bloodstreams you should be aware of the pros and cons of the vaccine otherwise( vaccines can be very frightening. They don’t wish to opt for vaccination without receiving ample information about what these chemicals constitute and whether or not they can have harmful side effects. ## What is a Vaccine? Read more:
314	informative	I think you will find most people these days who invent something in engineering or science have substantial education behind them. Technology is a lot more complicated than in the days of Thomas Edison or Henry Ford
610	informative	Also the numbers are bullshit. The vaccine schedule is here( Even just naively counting up everthing (though certain doses and vaccines are not for everyone) and assuming a flu shot every year the grand total doses by age 18 still falls short of 60, let alone 72.
958	not sure	As a passerby it definitely looks like you conceded the point by shifting to another argument since you knew you couldnt win the last one.
187	not sure	"Hello people! I am trying to find studies that show no causation/correlation between absolutely non-vaccinated vs fully vaxxed children and the ratio to autism in both groups (not just MMR, I mean non vaxxed at all). Or simply the ratio between those that have autism but have 0 vaccines on them. This would be the nail-in-the-coffin for my wife to show her, ""Lady, here you go"". The problem is that everything I find so far is only focusing on MMR/Rubella shots... which is kind a lame because is still comparing vaxxed vs vaxxed, just ones have not had the MMR shot yet... Can anyone point me to something like this? Thanks in advance!"
265	doubtful	Most people get past the first few weeks, the true intended time to kill the challenged subject is 2-7 years. Thousands of people are winding up severely injured, paralyzed, and dying already, to a poison intended to kill you in a 2-7 years. 150,000 VAERS serious life threatening reactions recorded. More people have died in the last 4 months from these frankenshots, than all vaccines combined. God bless your family, its time to stand up and fight. Prevent anyone you know from getting th poison, we have been duped and they are killing us with our eyes wide shut
364	convinced	See my comment here I point out the total lack of sources, and several demonstrably false and implausibly claims, I think OP is an antivaxer tryign to make pro vaxxers look dumb
872	doubtful	Whey would someone think it is OK to give people autism?
636	not sure	I'm no one's sweetie, especially a dumb person's one.
220	informative	 This is quite an exchange! One guy claims the flu shot gave him the flu. Someone else links him credible source that you can't get the flu from the flu shot. First guy doesn't seem to quite get it.
256	not sure	How to convince someone? You don’t. You’ll drive yourself nuts trying
114	not sure	What the actual flying fuck did I just read.
466	convinced	Are you dense? Or didn't even bother to read everything I wrote? I did read everything you wrote, mind telling me what part of it you think I misinterpreted? Point being that unvaccinated animals will be more at risk! Omg, you're... something. The unvaccinated people are more at risk from pertussis, yes, but the part of the study you quoted says that even the vaccinated can spread it, and the original post that started this discussion was about how much risk a mostly vaccinated person has from being around an unvaccinated person, and I said that since even vaccinated people can spread pertussis, and the kids in question were mostly vaccinated, they increase in risk from being around unvaccinated kids was very small
324	informative	He literally comes out in support of vaccines here. And even if he didn't one person's opinion doesn't nullify 99.99% of scientists and basic immunology.
65	convinced	Why are you giving examples from other countries 40-60 years ago?? To think vaccines are made in the same way today, in America, as they were in countries that many years ago would be like saying your new dodge caravan is the same thing as an old rusty VW Van. Where vaccines are manufactured matters. The quality of the facility matters. The quality of the ingredients matters. American made vaccines are in high demand in China right now after receiving faulty Chinese made vaccines.
994	convinced	 You haven't addressed anything I've said Your link does. Anyone can read and see that. ...Can you? your talking in circles Because you've made no progress in digesting your own resource. like so many of the brainwashed antiscience crowd are only interested in protecting your religion of vaccine safety and efficacy. Uh huh. Your link disagrees.
408	not sure	Is that monetized for the cranks? If so, please don't link directly without more explanation. i don't want them getting any of my sweet youtube premium cash.
320	convinced	"""Who is stupid to die for!""? You, I suppose, being pro-disease"
400	informative	"It says: Remarkably, zero of the 561 unvaccinated patients in the study had attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) compared to 0.063% of the (partially and fully) vaccinated and there are 2763 ""variably vaccinated, and 561 unvaccinated."" So, 0.063% of 2763 is 1.74. I don't know how they got 0.74 of a person, so there's some problem with the numbers, but anyway, if we assume the same ratio of the 561 group, then we'd expect 0.35 people in the unvaccinated group to have ADHD. Which rounds to zero. Which is what we've got. So, these are obviously stupidly small sample sizes for this analysis, and so the authors are disingenuous morons."
989	convinced	"Antivaxers still want their kids to live healthily, but they are misinformed about vaccines, it's not a bout not wanting the child to live. Well,survival of the god damn fittest, when my kid is eating the food your kid could've eaten if they were in a family that relies on facts and evidence instead of phony ""studies"", I'll be laughing my ass off. Food? what are you on about here?"
327	doubtful	Don’t take the animation seriously! I just wanted to illusrtrate that if we choose the vaccine with not the weakened virus (to prevent the immune system to produce the anti-virus throughout the serious sickness, but produce it before the person gets sick.) it can cause problems! Because if someone didn’t now the vaccine: moderna contains the RNA of Covid 19 wich only prepares the body to attack the virus with the informations of the RNA wich only contains tha half part of the DNA. It won’t know everything about it. And that’s when the virus will mutate. It changes it’s properties which have been uncovered to the body. I DON’T WANT TO REBEL AGAINST THE VACCINES! I’M JUST AFRAID OF THAT IT MAY GET WORSE THAN IT IS NOW IF WE CHOOSE THE WRONG POSSIBILITY!
904	not sure	Yeah I fell for the trap. Didn’t see the bottom line. My bad.
10	convinced	Herd immunity to me is a delegation of one's responsibility of his wellbeing to others. That's basically what it is; regardless if a drug works or not. And that's insanity at its finest point having someone to blame others for his immune being grounded. It's unbelievable.
27	convinced	True or false: Compounds are not elements.
597	convinced	Boys are just as human and deserving of disease preventing treatment as girls. No one disputes this, the WHO don't want to vaccinate boys, because girls are at higher risk from HPV, and there isn't enough vaccine to vaccinate everyone, rationing a limited supply by only giving it to those who need it most is not dehumanizing anyone, it's just good public health policy Also, if girls are vaccinated this will help to protect they boys that have sex with the girls
963	convinced	No more AS03 being used in Europe right now, though, is there? Well, duh, it's an experimental adjuvant that isn't used in any vaccine excepting emergent circumstances and clinical trials. It's also not used in the US, either, because there isn't a need for it. It's just used for pandemic vaccines in emergent circumstances. You can spin it how you want. An interplay of vaccine and genetics really screwed these people. There's no spin, just fact. But since you live and breathe off spin and lies, I'm not surprised you recognize a different consistency here. You've gone waaay off the beaten path because you don't know shit about immunology, ASD pathogenesis, or infectious disease. So you found that one discontinued vaccine increased the risk of narcolepsy/cataplexy in a subset of genetically disposed individuals and you're trying to run hard with it. It has nothing to do with childhood vaccines, nothing to do with ASD, and likely nothing to do with AS03. That there was an association with the vaccine is incidental and due to the fact that it was, apparently, able to recapitulate the natural tendency of some circulating pandemic 2009 H1N1 strains to increase rates of narcolepsy/cataplexy. To repeat: circulating H1N1 virus was correlated with increased narcolepys/cataplexy rates prior to vaccine campaigns in several countries. Cryptic antigen mimicry which is the presumed mechanism of action is likely at play in several diseases. If we can determine the B or T cell epitopes with cross reactivity these can be removed from the vaccine. As it currently stands, these epitopes were never determined. Nevertheless, you will still run to such edge cases with relatively small impacts on small incidence rates because this is how you behave when you've been cornered. You repeat this pattern over and over, much to the amusement of onlookers. Maybe you should go back to playing with next year's flu vax formulation. I don't make flu vaccines or any vaccine. You know, make it really work this time. It's working this time and worked last time. But your scientific literacy or even critical thinking has never been impressive in the past, so, eh. At some point you'd expect you to go deaf with that loud bottom-of-the-barrel scrabbling. Better luck next time.
212	convinced	"My mother is adamantly an anti-vaxxer and I've been in many discussions , most heated, about vaccines. I've learned not to challenge her on it because it's gotten me nowhere but she views my beliefs as a personal attack on her directly. She runs a supplements company and has traveled the world teaching about the dangers of vaccines and how it caused my youngest brother to get autism. It's actually the entire basis of why she's a Trump supporter because of his stance on the issue, but that's another issue entirely. I know the basis of the argument for vaccines (herd-immunity, diseases are worse etc) but our discussions always boil down to sources and generally what or who to believe. She has the assumption that all CDC sympathetic media or articles are in the pockets of big pharma so they can make all their profits through vaccines. I anticipate this being the crux of the argument following this movie. I don't believe I will break through to her but I do hope to get a better understanding of the issue before I go into 2 hours of full propaganda, then to be bombarded with questions. Here's a link of a bunch of articles she views as ""proof"" of what she believes: I've gone through most of it and don't really know what to make of them. There's a lot of prefacing for the studies that are mentioned but like I said, I'm no expert. What do some of you make of these links and/or what valuable information can you give me before going to see ""VAXXED""? Edit: So I went to see the movie and most of it isn't about what you think. Rather it's about the CDC coverup of the study that showed correlation between autism and the MMR. It's actually really compelling on that front and I urge those of you to go and watch it for yourselves and then come back to discuss what you saw. Don't just take my word for it."
930	not sure	Ya, like how cake is not really a form of eggs because it contains other things, however boiled eggs are(I think this is correct?) Just like H and H2 Oh and off topic, do you play StarCraft 2? If you play Zerg, how do you defend against Terran?
322	not sure	"But when the thing that they are trying to claim as the ""truth"" is a misconception cleared up by the people who actually have studied for decades in actual scientific ways instead of contrarian bullshit quack health sites, it's not OK, it's dangerous in fact. I wouldn't advise someone on what to do about cancer, I'd tell them to go to a damn oncologist!"
488	not sure	Yes and so do APPLES you dumb people.
756	not sure	" I wasn't I outlined several times how you were. Well they are erroneous ""observations"" They weren't."
617	convinced	Rent out an even bigger billboard directly after it that says vaccines save lives. Only solution.
771	not sure	yes I can answer it, and the answer is that your speculation about my motives is just wrong
555	not sure	That guy is and should not be a medical doctor
752	not sure	 It's not clear exactly what you think I was wrong about I dunno. What you just suggested you might be wrong about? At this point you're just trying to obfuscate. I made it clear from the get go. If you've forgotten it's because you're too busy playing games. you started talking about how you think being wrong is bad faith, rather than just pointing out what you thought was wrong I said what was wrong in the beginning. Just about the very first comment I made. So if I was wrong and still haven't realized it, that's what you consider bad faith? that's not what bad faith means At least try to keep up, honestly. If you refuse to admit you are wrong and continue to argue anyway after you know you are wrong...that's bad faith. If you don't realize you're wrong, that's a different story, but since you don't bother justify how that's the case that is itself a different level of disingenuous argument. We're multi-layered at this point because you have no apparent desire to do anything but argue for the sake of argument. It's open and shut any way you play it now.
445	informative	That's not a myth. People actually do that still, sadly.
105	convinced	Because she's not vaccinated. You can still be a carrier and not have symptoms yourself....
710	informative	By reading the letter to the editor and eternal emails. He left to work for GSK for Pete’s sake. If you read the transcripts you would know they (including Verstraeten) had no other explanation or hypothesis. I know the results by reading the unpublished abstract which is derived by scientific data.
247	not sure	No OTHER cause was found. Do you even english?
975	not sure	OP, don't listen to this person. They don't know really anything about what they speak. Their username says it all...
732	not sure	I bet the coat was financed by bigpharma!
118	informative	Hi guys! I was wondering if you could help me out with my research project! It would really help me out if you could take the time to fill it out. Here's the link:
165	doubtful	Is it more likely that Corona and other viruses like SARS, Avian and ZIKA are man-made diseases implanted through vaccinations years in advance inadvertantly that are triggered when common diseases infect the contaminated cells? _ can blind faith in medical practices and practioners be our ultimate demise.
964	doubtful	Lol. No more AS03 being used in Europe right now, though, is there? You can spin it how you want. An interplay of vaccine and genetics really screwed these people. Maybe you should go back to playing with next year's flu vax formulation. You know, make it really work this time.
245	not sure	"""Once you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how improbable​, must be the truth"" So yeah"
759	not sure	I'm not sure what you are talking about or why you insist on making false accusations of bad faith? I'm done here
997	not sure	Is there music playing where you are because you dance so well.
608	convinced	Antivaxxers lying! Who would have guessed?!
822	informative	On youtube search: “Vaccines Kurzgesagt”
