852	1	"Walked in and this place was beautiful staff was very friendly, but we sat down and in about 5 mins we saw a mouse crawl across the floor. The guy at the table next to us stepped on it and a waitress came over to sweeped it up. We read good reviews and we're looking forward to the place but had to leave ."
836	2	"Great food, great service, Great location! We tried their veggie momos last Friday. Never had such a tasty momos. When we went there owner was actively working in the kitchen. Staff are very pleasing and friendly. Service was very quick as well. Will definitely be one of their frequent customers!"
280	3	"What an awesome job Justin did on our garage cabinets and master bedroom cabinets. He is meticulous. The design and installation went without a flaw. He is a man of his word as well. He had to return to replace a defective part and did so the next day. We live in Scio, an hour or more away from his location. Didn't matter. He returned on time with the part and completed the job. Justin doesn't rush his work. He was here longer than he expected, due to the removal of some old cabinets, and never complained, never gave us an attitude, always did more than expected. You will not be disappointed. His work, professionalism and expertise is outstanding. We are very happy and can't say enough."
575	1	"Delicious crepes in a wide variety. I haven't been tempted to try anything other than the sweet crepes, but those are quite tasty. The loyalty card is a good bargain too."
208	2	I'm going up update my review to 5 stars. The restaurant has updated the menu and it is the best of both worlds- more like the old Castle Hill with a lot of the new favorites still on the menu. The service is excellent with experienced professional servers. The food is always consistent.
609	1	"I just bought three bar chairs from here, and my sales rep, Ryan, was extremely friendly and professional. Great price and service."
932	3	"I am very disgusted by what I witnessed at Hooters. Today I went to Hooters for lunch. There were at least 15-20 people of Mexican decent that walked in to be seated. I overheard a few of the waitresses talking saying they did not want to seat/serve them because they felt like they probably wouldn't get a good tip because they were Mexicans. The group stood at the hostess stand for about 15 minutes before being seated. They were seated and sat for another 15 minutes and no one still had not served them. Finally a manager went to their table and at that moment one of the young ladies from the group told him that they would just go somewhere else and get something to eat. This was a blatant display of discrimination and what makes this even worse is that the waitresses that were discriminating against them were of African American decent and should be aware of the struggle and discrimination that we as black people have gone through in the past and is still going through today. It hurt my heart to see this take place as you could see that half of the group did not understand what was going on. This type of behavior should not be tolerated and Hooters need to do a better job at screening who they hire. There needs to be diversity training held at this establishment,. I will be contacting corporate regarding this incident. No one should ever be treated that way no matter what color or nationality they are!!!"
725	1	"Best coffee ever! I love their half moon lattes. Great atmosphere, parking is a little tough."
47	1	"Overall is good, is worth the line up I don't think so, mainly Instagram addict's go here. Believe me the food is great, service is ok, the hype about it I still dont get it."
985	2	"I've been there multiple times, usually a man did my nails. This time it was the wife/owner, she kept saying ""it looks good no"". I told her it looked uneven & all she did was add another coat of polish. There are still large dents & waves in my polish, it looks terrible."
337	2	"Wanted to check out this establishment last Friday afternoon, as I live fairly close in Medford and it had descent reviews. Well I was quite pleased! Loved the variations on menu, prices were reasonable, food was tasty! They were very kid friendly as I was with my active 2 year old it helps they have TVS by each booth. The ambiance very cool and sophisticated yet comfy. Bar scene was seemed fun professional and locals that were friendly having great time. We truly enjoyed our food. Loved the pulled pork sandwich and the nachos were fabulous! Will definitely come back! Our server Mark and the rest of the staff worked well together as a team! Thank you for a great time!"
581	2	Amazing family run northern Indian cuisine. The food is very authentic. It's just as good or if not better than one of the top ranked Indian restaurants in NYC off 53rd and 2nd. You can taste each spice in the chicken vindaloo. Beware ordering your dish spicy. It will make you sweat. Stick with medium. Two thumbs up!
155	3	"I took my husband here last night for his birthday. When I made the reservation they asked if it was for a special occasion and I told them it was for a birthday. Everyone who came to our table knew and made sure to wish him a happy birthday. We ordered the special appetizer which was a nice assortment of scallops, shrimp, mussels, and some sort of white fish in a tomato sauce. He got the skate fish and I ordered the halibut. Both were impressive and were lightly seasoned so that you could taste the natural flavor. The reason we are giving this place 5 stars is because of the service. It was remarkable. The waiter accidentally spilled my water and you would have thought there was a fire by how many of the staff responded. The manager also came over to apologize. The waiter was very knowledgeable about the fish selection as well as the wine. They even gave us pistachio ice cream, baklava, and homemade donuts as a birthday dessert."
692	2	"Never again !!! Found a dead bug in a dish from the buffet!! When I showed it to the staff, the response was just a sheepish grin, no apology or anything. They just don't care for the quality or health of customers."
862	2	"Called a day before to go see a car , took the day off work to go see it , waited an hour for them to find the keys , to only tell me a while after the car was in the body shop getting fixed because bumper was hit. Talked to the manager and he was rude and arrogant, very unprofessional!!!!"
790	2	"I cant tell you how much I love Hertz and its #1 Gold Priority Service. Hertz makes it so easy to get to your car, and leave! I never have to wait in line filling out paperwork I have already done online. Get off the plane, find my number, go to the exit and already on my way. Pricing is never much more and most the time cheaper than what the other places will nickel and dime you. The time you get back not waiting in line for them to assign you a car is worth so much more. The kids are already antsy from the flight, throw them in the car and get on the road to a happy vacation!"
572	2	"My experience at the café was not what I expected. I had read and heard great reviews about the food and was disappointed when I tried the pork flatbread sandwich and the hand pulled flat noodles. The flatbread sandwich was sub-par due to the fact that the pork was dry and bland while the bread was tasteless. The noodles were good, but I did not get as much flavor as expected from the dish. Having tasted other Chinese places in Chinatown, I cannot get myself to give this place more than 2 stars. Furthermore, the atmosphere was fine but I wish it was better as there was no A/C on a hot humid day, napkins were like tissues and the place only took cash."
241	3	"The food at Lavaca street bar/surf and turf restaurant is very tasty. The wait during lunch is tolerable; which is a rare find during the lunch hour....however, me and several of my devoted co-workers would appreciate if the full menu was served before 3 PM. There have been multiple occasions during which this location has lost service due to the lack of full menu during working hours. The tatted bartender has been incredibly welcoming and apologetic during (lack of lunch service) and at these times. He should be recognized for his great efforts for maintaining service at this establishment."
992	1	Lamberts has a great deli but if you purchase the produce make sure to use it within three days. Same quality as the stuff at Quincy Market. The outdoor seasonal plants tend to be more expensive than most places. Pumpkins and Christmas trees are way overpriced.
788	3	"I was lucky enough to visit Pabu twice last week - first before a show then again to celebrate a birthday dinner. Each visit the staff was attentive and cared about our experience. On my second visit they remembered me by name! We did the omakase at the sushi bar (HIGHLY RECOMMEND) and our personal sushi Chef Ray along with Chef Brian gave us an amazing tasting of nigiri while showing us and explaining each special treatment of the fish. All of the staff, including the management, stopped by to say happy birthday and check if we needed anything. this is my favorite place for Japanese cocktails. Each time I went back to the Classic Lolita (Japanese Old Fashion) and Porco Rosso (named after my favorite cartoon character!). Whether or not you're looking for an authentic Japanese tasting or picking plates from the never disappointing a la carte menu Pabu is the spot to dine."
980	3	"When I stepped in this restaurant for the very first time, it instantly smelled of alcohol!! That raised my concerns about the place. However, have been here twice now and ordered their dosas on both occasions. The dosa was gr8, crispy with 2 kinds of chutney and a spicy sambhar. The potato mash stuffing inside the dosa was so spicy the first time around that my toddler was red in the face. The owner was generous enough to offer complimentary Gulab Jamun to calm the heat :) The jamuns were perfectly soft centered making them melt in the mouth. My husband had a to go order of Biryani on both counts, the quantity is for 2 servings but its still over priced. We tried the chicken chettinadu with nan. The Chettinadu was awesome with nicely balanced flavours, no over powering spices. The service can be be slow on weekends and be prepared to wait 45mins before your order arrives. Over all...gr8ly satisfied."
498	3	"We all have one thing in common, we're all in the market for a car and want to find what fits our needs and budgets best. I heard Beaverton Toyota was the best place in Oregon to purchase a new car. Only half true. My partner and I walked inside and asked for assistance near the Toyota Corolla section and said someone would be out to meet us shortly. We stood by the car of our choice for 20 minutes in the pouring rain and no one came. There was another salesman helping someone and we asked him if he could send someone to help us. Another 20 minutes pass and no one shows up. I call the dealership and the receptionist was very kind and apologized many times and someone was out within 5min. I told the salesman I wasnt looking to buy today and that I wanted to look at my options. We took the car I wanted for a test drive and I absolutely loved it. The car felt planted, even on wet surfaces. The route the salesman took us on had l sorts of turns and speeds to get a feel of the car. We went inside and took down my information. He asked if I wanted to buy the car today. I repeated myself and told him I was only looking for today. He started getting aggressive and intimidating about making the sales. He kept disappapearing every couple minutes, even while we were talking. Broadway Toyota may have a state of the art facility and greatest selection, but their service is absolutely terrible and not worth buying my car there."
107	1	Great place... delicious tapas and very nice wine list... I didnt try any of the specialty cocktails but I'll in my next visit!
767	1	"Its no 99 cents only store, but its a decent dollar store... Don't park in the lot where the Starbucks/FedEx is (which is the SAME building)-- I was the dollar tree for 10 minutes and I got a 34$ ticket... made my dollar store experience pretty pricey. They apparently validate for the underground garage around the block."
839	3	"Yup, 5 flippin' stars. I'm just going to delve into the facts, the Szechaun beef noodle is literally THE best I've had. There was so much that I had to take the rest to go and the leftovers even sufficed as a whole meal of their own. The noodles were soft yet not soggy, the broth was...oh gosh, so good. So flavorful and comforting. It's like if your mom made you a nice heaping bowl full of love. The beef chunks were plentiful and not full of tendons like most places. It just falls apart when you eat it. Price wise, the noodles costed about 9 dollars, pretty dang good for what you get. We also ordered the beef rolls, basically the green onion pancake wrapped around some beef and hoisin sauce. Four in an order, and trust me, you will get full off of two. The green onion pancake was nice and flaky like green onion pancakes should be, so thumbs up to RiceBowl for nailing that. I'll be back, RiceBowl. Just have a bowl of beef noodle waiting for me!"
931	2	"So much fun! Perfect summer activity. They have boards, kayaks, canoes, etc. all reasonably priced for the area. Staff is local hs and college kids, but they're super polite and really helpful. And shocking for Marblehead in the summer... free parking! Also- they have ""frequent paddlers"" discounts, if you get addicted."
300	2	Wow loved the food here! The spring rolls were divine. The raspberry lychee drink was sweet and flavorful. The Vietnamese eggplant was delightful. Very lively friendly environment. The waitress was knowledgeable and helpful. Definitely visit again.
386	2	"I was getting my hair cut across the street when she told me a BBQ place had just opened up across the street. It literally opened at 11a today. A guy came in and said they have a special going on, $6 gets you a pulled pork or chicken sandwich, fries and a drink. It was about lunch and this guy just so happened to be hungry so I made my way over to check them out. Don't sleep on this place. I got their $6 pulled pork sandwich lunch special, comes with fries and it was off the chain good! Service is fast and friendly. It's a small place with super limited seating. The place seats maybe 15 people total. It's owned by Snoop Dog's uncle which is pretty cool. Hoping to see him in here one day. That would be cool"
490	2	"If you have curly hair - especially if you want a short cut - go see Meg. I've been going to her for 5 or 6 years now and she's so good that I refuse to let anyone else cut my hair. She's a rare unicorn of a hairstylist in that she truly gets how curls work and how to make them look awesome. I've actually been stopped by strangers multiple times before and asked where I get my hair cut! Meg will gladly give me whatever cut I like, but she also gives great advice on what's likely to work well. In my experience, that advice has always been right. If you're desperately looking for that one hairstylist who won't accidentally give you a 'fro, give Meg a try!"
918	2	Good frames. Good pricing scheme. Lenses included in frame price. To get my annual benefit for insurance it costs more to use insurance than out of pocket. Beautiful frames. Especially like the limited edition frames. No spring hinges so minus one star. The suggestion that if you buy 5 you get one free kinda indicates that the type of clientele here isn't really me. For my 2017 benefit you'll find me at target optical. But I love the clearish shiny opalescent blue frames. For that I might up my price point for my 2018 FSA use. The doctor is trendy. Matches the store. She is honest and kind.
49	1	The ramen here is less than great. It came out luke warm and oily. The service we received was NOT good. I will not be returning.
216	2	The worst Chinese restaurant I have ever been to in vancouver. The the shreaded pork had no mushrooms and is full of Msg. The lions head was full of corn starch. The fish was not fresh. We have to wait 40 minutes for dessert which we eventually cancelled thee order. You can be blind folded and bump into a better Chinese restaurant in Vancouver. Service was slow with an attitude. The chef managed to screw up every dish we ordered. I was angry and said I would write them up on yelp. The response is their loyal chinese customers do not use yelp. wt$%&++
887	2	"My wife and I had been looking for a good Central American restaurant for awhile, and we discovered this place a few years back. The pupusas are fried masa and cheese with bacon bits, and they make some of the best pupusas I've had outside of Honduras. Put a little of their pickled lettuce on top and it's delicious. I also recommend the Yucca plate if you're in a big group, and you can literally chew off pieces of Yucca (similar to a potato with a harder texture) and bacon (real meaty pieces, not strips) for an hour. If you like Central American food, I've yet to find a better place in Texas."
73	2	"Located in the German Village, this Cup o Joe is the best in the chain, in my opinion. A huge dessert selection and drink menu ensure that there's something for everyone's taste. The atmosphere is casual, comfortable, and relaxing. Free WiFi and a location right next to the Book Loft ensure that this place will always be doing business, despite the Starbucks across the street."
125	2	"Still an exceptional restaurant with several new menu items including a gimmicky (and tasty) ""sorta-Asian"" fried chicken and waffles. I'm a spicy food fan with a fire resistant pallete, but the hot sauce with the otherwise-excellent chicken wings was WAY over applied and actually ruined my whole dinner. Service has gotten slow, forgetful and a little too cool for school (second time we've noticed this...)."
565	1	"Excellent food and service. I had Wonton soup and Szechuan Chicken, both tasted very good, and were presented well. Several nice touches in the service, and a friendly and welcoming staff. This is a hidden gem in Orlando."
262	2	"LOVE THIS PLACE!! A true Foodie Favorite!!!!Always creative, always consistent! Great food indeed!! The only reason I gave it 4 stars and not 5 is because of the servers. Some servers are very knowledgable and helpful about the ever changing menu items, while others are lacking and not service oriented. I know good help is hard to find, but this is something they can work on to help with the dining experience. Despite that minor tweak, LOVE this place!!!!"
717	2	We all loved the pizza. Wonderful flavor. Nice crust. The fettuccine Alfredo had way too much garlic for our liking (lots of chopped up garlic pieces!) More than I had ever seen in a fettuccine Alfredo. Won't order that again. Otherwise the portion size was nice. Too bad I threw most of it away.
596	2	"Love RF - always dependable, always reliable. Great bar, extensive, but reasonably priced wine list. Had one of my faves - pork carnitas. Pull off chunks of nest, wrap them in melt in our mouth pillows of flour tortillas, and there isn't much better."
669	2	"I have been to Capital City when my regular mechanic is not available. They have fixed my head lamp, at no charge! turns out it was just unhooked (they said that sometimes happens with these Volvo's) They could have easily charged me for a new bulb, but they didn't. Their great customer service will definitely bring me back. That is what I love about my neighborhood shop. They are honest and friendly and will get the job done fast =-)"
309	3	"I usually go into places like chilis with pretty low expectations. I worked at a chilis for many years so I understand the food quality and what to expect from a place like this. I'm not sure if this location is a franchise or not, but it was just horrible. From the service to the food presentation to the taste, just ew! I always order a margarita, queso dip and a quesadilla explosion salad. Being that this is always my order, I've come to know what to expect, but this meal almost seemed like it was someone trying to replicate (unsuccessfully) the chilis' recipes. The queso dip was like warm and thick. The consistency was grainy instead of creamy and it just didn't taste good. The quesadilla salad was thrown onto the place and looked like someone had bumped the plate or almost dropped it or something. The chicken was thick and rubbery. I know this place is in tourist central so maybe they don't have to pay much attention to quality on account that people will come regardless because they won't know, but we definitely won't be back here! The chilis on I-drive is much more consistent! It's a little more of a drive, but it's worth it."
803	2	Surprisingly good for Italian in Vancouver. My only criticism was that there needed to be a few more pasta choices. I also thought that I prefer my meatballs mildly herbed and they were a bit too spicy for my linking. In spite of the few shortcomings it was a nice find and I'm amazed I hadn't eaten here before tonight. Definitely going back.
877	2	"After a review that I made about Spud, I received a week later a reply explaining the reasons why they couldn't provide us more local products. It is due to the terrible weather that we are experiencing. Unfortunately they have to propose us more Californian products as California had been more lucky with he sun than we have been. I mean what kind of company answers all your question to make sure that you are happy with them ........ Spud.ca, you were already a big favourite of mine, trust me now when I say that you are my hero ......."
848	2	"Shame on me for taking so long to get here! I walk & notice signs saying, ""Sue says..."" I'm already liking this place. A woman takes my order & I ask if she is the famous Sue. She says, ""I'm Sue, but not I'm not famous."" I get a hot Italian. It was perfect. I like the bun a little toasted so it doesn't get soggy with the oil. I'll be back!"
580	2	"The hotel is nice and comfortable, but the billing department is terrible. I needed an itemized receipt to be reimbursed by my job and I left the billing department 4 messages over the course of 2 weeks after they billed my card a week late for charges that I did not know that I would be billed for. I had to involve Starwood AND call and speak with the general manager before the billing department would send me an itemized bill. It was so frustrating....if you stay here, get a copy of EVERYTHING before you leave because clearly they don't know."
864	1	My favorite indian food and beautiful decor. When you want to treat your self or family to a nice night out GO HERE. LOVE IT:)
447	3	We have always loved Finz (same owner)so we were not surprised at the delicious food here at Sea Level the oysters were fresh local and delicious The view of Salem harbor and the Friendship is sensational.The drinks were very good with quite a creative cocktail menu.They were so patient with us as we had a rowdy one year old on our party We were happy with everything the owner came over and introduced himself always a special touch. I am so happy to see this building with the quality restaurant it deserves to be inside it.
484	3	"I visited here several times to have service completed on my car, ranging from tires to oil changes. Each time I visit the service and customer service is getting worse. The second to last time they argued about a sale price they had on the front of the building, he tells me oh, that ended two days ago. I ask why do you advertise something that I as a customer can take advantage of. His response was that wasn't his job. The last time I went they left the oil cap off the car, it wasn't until several hours later when the car started running rough that I found the cap on top of the engine block, they claimed they didn't leave the cap off. It was a big mess and it smelled like oil for weeks. Overall: I would PASS on this location based on rude customer service and lack the knowledgeable on the jobs they are performing."
418	2	"Strong diner food with particularly fun and spunky service. The woman who took my order was super nice and when I asked her what to get, she said either the turkey club or tuna melt. These just happen to the the two things I almost always get at diners so I was really stuck at a crossroads. But I ordered the club and never looked back. Well toasted bread, good ingredient ratio, and i left real satisfied. Should i return, the tuna melt is in my crosshairs."
147	1	"Out if the three burrito places on Huntington by Northeastern, this ""fast food"" is my favorite. They have pretty high quality amazing-tasting food, and always change up their menu so you aren't always ordering a normal burrito. I love the burrito bowls, personally."
556	2	"My girlfriend and I stopped by Retro Station after hearing that there were new owners. As soon as we walked in, we noticed the changes. The atmosphere is a fun, 50's theme. Very cool. We ordered the cheese garlic bread and a deep dish pizza. I must tell you, the garlic bread was exceptional and the pizza is one of the best I have tried in a long time. The service was awesome and the owners are the sweetest people. They have really turned the place around. They made us feel like very special customers and made sure that we enjoyed our night. We will definitely be going back!!"
323	2	"I used to be literally the world's biggest Milestones fan. I eat out 3-4 times a week and I came to this location very often. Unfortunately, they used to have a great menu but most of that is gone and even though the staff are great, the food has gotten consistently worse and worse. I had three bad meals here in a row before I finally decided to pack it in and say good bye. It doesn't matter what you order, the quality of the ingredients has gotten worse and the kitchen staff seemingly doesn't care. I'm not sure if I'm allowed to mention other restaurants, but there's another chain restaurant a block away that has been improving their menu recently and they've earned my loyalty now. It's a shame though because I often recommended Milestones to other people and now I'm forced to do the exact opposite."
37	2	"Overall Recommendation: If you like fried chicken, you should definitely check this place out. Be forewarned that it's not a nice restaurant like the Flying Biscuit or Mary Macs so adjust your expectations for decor and service. My husband and I are not from the South but as we ate our way through Atlanta, the Busy Bee Cafe ranked #1 on both our lists. Pros - BEST FRIED CHICKEN WE'VE EVER HAD...perfectly crispy skin with great flavor. It seriously makes me not very excited to eat fried chicken anytime soon because I know anywhere I go in Boston won't be as good. - Ribs with a nice, smokey taste - Super mac n' cheese made with real cheese - Dang good corn muffins you can munch on before your food arrives. Cons - Very busy so be prepared to wait (and you should because it's worth it) - No air conditioning so in the summer it can get pretty toasty. We were there at the end of June and even with the fans going, it was warm. - Sweet tea is too sweet for me **Note: There's a small parking lot as well as street parking. However if you park on the street, the meters are really expensive...something crazy like $2 an hour."
586	3	"I really want to like this place because it is close to home and they have a lovely outdoor patio that's twice as big as the restaurant. The food and service though have been completely average to disappointing on my last couple of visits. I was just there a few nights ago with a party of 7, the waiter, who is Italian and speaks English with a very heavy accent (and therefore hard to understand at times) was rude and aggressive. He talked over people when they asked questions about the menu and wasn't helpful with any answers, someone asked about the clam pasta entree and he said ""it's clams and spaghetti""... it was awkward. He didn't suggest or ask if anyone wanted wine or drinks so we had to ask for them, he didn't ask if anyone wanted coffee or dessert so we had to ask for both. The service was slow, we were there over 3 hours. Two people at the table ordered the clam pasta and both thought it was completely bland, the other entrees were fine but not fantastic."
438	2	"Found this here on Yelp in looking for a place to meet a friend near her place. If this was my neighborhood I would be a regular. The sushi was great. Fresh fish, good rice, and excellent miso. The service was good. Pricing was good. We ordered three rolls. miso, and edamame for $24. Also liked they had some rolls out of the ordinary rather than the typical combos that you find at many places. A few notes having read some other reviews....One review talks about the fish being frozen, he must not know much about sushi fish as all sushi fish is frozen as a way to kill any parasites the fish might have. Size, the place is small. There are only 7 seats at the sushi bar and one table. On a Thruseday evening at 7:30 not a problem. Additional options is you can order sushi at Roscoes bar next door. Roscoes provides the liquor service for the Miyamoto sushi. So if the place is full simply sit next door. Definitely worth checking out."
409	2	"Amazing!!! My love got a medium strawberry banana Italian ice with soft serve vanilla ($5). I got a small blue raspberry ($3). It was awesome. It's about a block down from the sixth street chaos but worth it for the cold ice on a warm evening. The flavor is powerful but beware, blue raspberry will dye you mouth and lips blue."
52	1	"This place has everything-I finally found Dogfish 120m IPA! If they don't have it the store, ask if they have it in the back."
599	1	"Very nice Ambience, Service was great and Food is Delicious! My husband and I love Indian food and this is our first time here and what a great first impression for this place! Love it and would definitely recommend!"
687	3	"The server told us they won the Best New Downtown Restaurant Of 2017. Some delicious, gourmet-portion dishes. Their hospitality was disappointing as we made reservations the night before for 8pm on a Tuesday and when we arrived the female server said our table wasn't ready and if we left and came back in 20 minutes she'd be able to push 2 small tables for our group of 4. She didn't seem apologetic at all. A male staff member then handled a group of 5 Caucasians that were behind us in line. The one guy in the group said he had called in reservations about an hour ago. They got seated right away at a table right in front of us. Wondered why we didn't get that table. We discussed the server's demeanor and whether to go elsewhere. The server said they would call us once a table was free so we left for drinks at Yagger. We went back to Cinara and there were several tables available, yet no one had called us back. In terms of food, standouts were the $8 Chicken Liver Parfait with cornichon, capers & garlic scapes, $17 Albacore Tuna Charred Broccoli, Black Olives & Smoked Tonnato, and $16 Beets, Foie Gras, Sunflower, Espelette & Red Wine Reduction. $33 Beef Short Rib, Farro, Toffee Shallots, Fiddleheads & Black garlic were a 4/5. $23 Duck and Anchovy Ragu, Lemon and Parsley was good. $4 House Bread and Butter, $19 Mixed Salami Plate and $23 Tagliatelle, Bolognese was okay but no different than anywhere else. $24 Nettle Risotto, Pecorino & Shaved Almonds was a 3 out of 5. Again, some tasty dishes but tiny portions. The noise was also slightly too loud to the point that you'd have to ask your neighbor to repeat themselves. We still had a great time despite the reservation issue and unthoughtful service. There were 2 dishes the server cleared without asking if we were done. They only had a bite or two on there but these are gourmet portions girl! That's like a third of the dish! Bill for 4 people that were still hungry after was $292.50 before tip."
879	3	"I love Meghan. There, I said it. Meghan's amazing for two reasons: 1. She makes magic with my hair. She seems to find THE color that works well enough to get people saying 'hey, hot stuff'... okay well not quite 'hey hot stuff', but that's the way it sounds to me after I get my hair done. And if I'm thinking about making it short, oh she'll make it short, and give me the confidence to think I can actually pull it off. Which I did, thank you very much. 2. She has the best personality evar. She's seriously such a delight, without being fake. She's totally honest (even admitting her love of questionable 1980s musicians who shall remain nameless). She's so fun and I'm thrilled to be able to get a rockin' lookin' do, while having a great time, too. Can't ask for more than that!"
716	2	"After having all the usual stuff we eat on vacations (chicken tenders, burgers, pizza, etc) this was a refreshing meal. The food was good, not out of this world good but good. Their version of chicken tikka masala needs some help but what do you expect when it is not an Indian restaurant. The dumplings were amazing as well as the other more traditional Asian dishes. The service was Disney quality. Our son had fallen asleep just a minute before we got to the restaurant. Instead of inconveniencing us by having us take him out of the stroller, they switched our tables so that we can leave him in the stroller and have him resting tableside while we enjoyed our meal."
243	1	"Consistently good mexican food. Not a super diverse menu, but not just a taco or burrito only menu either. Decent prices and friendly service."
131	2	This place is just plain great. Food is great and very unique. Service is impeccable. The Vodka cocktail is a must try if you like vodka. I ended my dining experience with a chocolate pudding...I am in heaven. If you are in the area please do not miss this place. Cheers!!!
562	3	"I cannot tell you if it is authentic Cuban food or not since I am not Cuban,but after eating so much Cuban food for a year in the Mecca of Cuban food in the country (Miami) I believe my review could be a helpful. I went here with a Groupon and wanted to give this place a try, third place trying Cuban food outside of Miami, I hoped this place wouldn't disappoint me like the others. I went with a friend who also had Cuban food in Miami before and also had high expectations. As I walked in, I saw (and heard!) a big group of Cuban people having lunch there (if Cubans eat there, that's a good sign!). The people there were friendly and we got sat down right away. I was very happy with the menu and was happy to find many of my favorites in there (tostones, yuca frita, ropa vieja, vaca drita, palomilla, cubano, etc). I went ahead and ordered yuca frita as an appetizer and ropa vieja with congris (arroz moro) and maduros. I was disappointed that the yuca frita came with refried beans type of sauce instead of cilantro garlic sauce, like it does in many Cuban restaurants. The yuca fritas were too fried, too hard. The ropa vieja was good, although a little too hard. The congris did not have a lot of flavor but I was satisfied anyway. Overall, it was a good place. Close to what I would consider authentic from Miami. I will definitely come back because I am sure this is as authentic as it will ever get in a town with a very very small Cuban population."
219	3	"Precision Moving Company did an amazing job moving our belongings from Brookline to Cambridge last week. Jeff and Kevin showed up on time and did a one minute scan of our stuff, coming up with a mental plan for how to pack the truck in the most efficient way. They cleaned everything out in record time, and were flexible when we uncovered and threw some extra stuff at them at the last minute. The approach to our new apartment is challenging, with multiple sets of stairs and gravel to deal with. They handled these with ease. The trickiest part was our giant overstuffed leather couch which was actually bigger than the door or the stairway. Although they weren't 100% sure it would fit, they gave it a shot and through a series of clever maneuvers they got it up the stairs and into place. The best testament to their professionalism is that as they were headed back to the truck after spending 15 minutes muscling our couch up a pretty insane set of stairs, they weren't complaining, they were complimenting each other on a tough problem well solved. They obviously take pride in their work and we'll never use a different moving company again!"
95	3	"I used to love this place. The food is very good, and thankfully that hasn't changed. However, after eating there about 12-15 times (usually the same dish), I noticed the portions were smaller than ever. I asked the waitress, and she said it's the same as always. She's been there for a while, so she obviously knows the difference and is just denying it. It's not my imagination because my wife noticed my plate and said the same thing. I ordered a combo plate that you can choose up to four items. I wanted three, and asked to just double up on the eggplant (which I ALWAYS do). The waitress said there would be a $2 up charge to double eggplant or babaganoush. I looked at the menu, and the appetizer portion (which is bigger than the combo portion) of eggplant is only $1 more than the other items. So where did the other dollar come from?? The babaganoush was the exact same price on the appetizer menu as the other items! So where did the $2 up charge come from?? It made no sense to me whatsoever, but I did't feel like arguing about it. Even if there was a legitimate reason for the up charge, they should have it on the menu, like they do for grape leaves. The whole thing put a bad taste in my mouth. Like I said, the food is tasty, but I might boycott this place just for the principal of it."
808	1	"Great place to eat German food and drink German beer, and it won't make a hole in your wallet. The only thing negative is the neighborhood. If your dinning here at night, please be aware of your surroundings."
82	2	"Snap is my go-to lunch spot nearly every day! The variety is endless and they are constantly adding new menu items. The Snap team is super friendly and helpful. Almost every time I ask them how a certain item is that I haven't tried yet, they offer to buy it for me so I can try it risk-free. Their food is fresh, delicious, healthy, and easy. What more can you ask for!? Snap for President. Tip: Anytime I eat these at home (instead of work) I heat them up in a skillet on the stovetop. It's tasty, microwave-free AND it feels home-cooked. :)"
696	3	"Well if you are looking for a quiet dinner where you can talk to your family this is not the place for you. There is a party atmosphere is the restaurant in the evening. A DJ, dancers, and music fill the room with all kinds of eye candy that is lots of fun but in some ways takes away from your dining experience. While it is fun to get people dancing on table tops and throw cocktail napkins in the air at any given moment, getting your food on time is not as easy as it seems. After seating, it took nearly ten minutes to get an order of drinks. Another ten-fifteen minutes to get our order of food in and the time between seeing our waiter kept adding up. The food was good however, was not plentiful. A steak kabob wasn't on a skewer and only came with one grouping of meat/vegetables. Bottom line, if you want to drink and have a good time at a bar type place the. Head here in the evening for appetizers and cocktails but if you are looking for a good dinner and conversation go someplace else."
306	2	"My favorite bar in Columbus. A friend recently reminded me of how it used to smell on our walk home from class (like the aftermath of a big house party) and it made me really sad and nostalgic. It's great when it's crowded in the spring and everyone is packed into the back patio, and it's great at slower times when you can sprawl out with pitchers and chat with friends. It's fun to shoot pool upstairs even when the tables eat your money. I don't remember them ever having much exciting on tap, but I could always get something that I wanted in a bottle. There's pizza right next door. It's chill and comfortable. Crown jewel of the college life."
956	1	It was a nice experience. My job took us here for free with the VIP package and we got champagne. You watch a 3D film first before getting on the eye. Our tour guide was David and he was good.
144	3	"Great spot. Comfortable little joint smack dab in the middle of Harvard Square. Drop in on a hot day and grab a bubble tea while shootin' the breeze with the staff. You can also challenge Harvard students to a game of Street Fighter 2 if you feel the need, but personally I like to just relax and keep the peace. The only place that rivals this is a bubble tea shop in Calgary that I walked into awkwardly while they were still under construction. They told me to come back in and gave me a free bubble tea though so they are scoring points stricly on being nice and not charging anything (I still tipped though, I'm not a scumbag.) Boston Tea Stop (clever name especially with the MBTA map on the wall) is a valuable addition to the ever diminishing Harvard Square area. Pretty soon that neighborhood will be nothing but boring chain restaurants and mediocre bars so try and support the little guys while you can. Also the staff deserves a shout-out. They can talk about the Rival Mob with the best of them."
999	1	"We come here about once a week. Pizza is delicious and the wings are really good too. We usually eat next door at hoplandia which is also awesome. Get the Pizzatna , amazing!"
415	2	"I was craving waffles and decided to try Theo's given the yelp photos and ratings. On a Friday mid morning I walked into this cozy restaurant that's owned and managed by Theo and his wife. What made this place special were the regulars who greeted each other by name from 3 year olds to 70 year olds. In addition to Italian, there were other languages spoken by patrons as well. I gave Theo's 4 stars mainly for how welcoming and down to earth it is. The waffle with strawberries were pretty in appearance but a bit rubbery. Other customers had combos with eggs and they looked like better choices."
548	1	"Good quality, affordable, men's hair cuts. What more can one ask for?"
4	2	"The food is always great here. The service from both the manager as well as the staff is super. Only draw back of this restaurant is it's super loud. If you can, snag a patio table!"
704	3	"We stayed at the Burlington Marriott and ate at Summer Winter for dinner. I had the filet mignon and my husband had the lobster mac n cheese. We left so completely full and satisfied it was ridiculous. That was THEE best filet mignon I have ever had, hands down. It was seasoned perfectly, and cooked exactly at med rare as I requested. My husband raved about his mac n cheese, noting that they used a very tasty white cheese and the lobster was a large piece (1/2 a lobster tail I believe) and very tender. It was a pricey dinner with drinks, but well worth it!!"
707	1	Super slow service...don't go here for lunch if you're on a timed break!
143	1	Dime a dozen lounge near the Douche Ranch. Meh.
269	3	"It was the end of a long week, and I had promised my neglected boyfriend we would spend some quality time together. Our destination of choice? Ma Soba, a pan-Asian and sushi restaurant in Beacon Hill. Opened in 1999, the restaurant has an impressive array of awards. Needless to say, we were pretty excited to try it out. We were greeted at the door by a friendly face, but his was the last smile we would see that evening. Our server ignored us for several minutes after stopping by just long enough to fill our water glasses, and when she did return, only wanted to know if we had ""decided what we wanted"". She took our order and left. Not that she didn't do her job well; she was tremendously efficient. Our water glasses were full all night, and she timed the courses perfectly. But a smile and a little hospitality certainly would have made us feel a lot more comfortable. We hit a home run with our appetizers. My boyfriend ordered the pork gyoza, and they were crispy on the outside, warm and moist on the inside. My miso soup was excellent. For our main course, we split the Shogun Boat, which consisted of eight pieces of Sushi, fifteen pieces of Sashimi, a Tuna Roll, a Caterpillar Roll and a California Roll. Now, we knew Ma Soba was not the top sushi restaurant in Boston. It's not too pricey, so we knew not to expect phenomenal sushi. With that in mind, we were very pleased with the presentation, the selection and the quality. We were quite content after our main course, even if our server had yet to crack a smile. However, the biggest disappointment was yet to come. We ordered the green tea mochi, and we were horrified when my boyfriend's fork made a resounding ""clank"" against it as he tried to cut into it. I attempted a bite of my piece, but after chunks of freezer burn ice fell into my mouth, decided to follow my better judgment and send the mochi back. We were disappointed that the restaurant even served us such sub-standard fare. We left disappointed. The sushi itself was as expected, but the service, the awful dessert and the lack of ambiance in the restaurant ultimately left us unsatisfied. I doubt we'll go back."
926	2	"Eh. Walked in and got a pedicure. $47 for a basic pedicure with gel seems a bit much for me. Once I got seated, the water was lukewarm. The lady got started right away and turned off the massage chair. What the heck? Halfway through, she asked me if I wanted the paraffin treatment, which I declined. She kept asking and telling me how good it was for your feet. No thank you again for the third time. The gel polish and paint job looks descent, though. Will go back to my standby VIP nails on IH35 and Stasney for $32."
479	1	"Stopped in after seeing live music was playing and we were glad we did. Band brought the funk, and service and drinks were great. Free pool table in the other room (not sure if thats every day but it seemed like it was) was cool too. Will definitely be back and hope the tunes are still funky!"
284	3	"IMPRESSED!! What a neat experience, easy to work and communicate with. Here's what takes the cake in the honesty/integrity dept. Brought my truck in with a starting problem, left it with them and said if it's $300.00 or less just fix it otherwise call me..... They called 30 min later to say everything is fine and it's ready to go, just a quick adjustment. :))))) I might be still writing a 5 star review had they done whatever and charged me $299.00 I was expecting to pay at least that. So in my book that in itself deserves loyalty to which this mechanic has from me. THANK YOU!!!!!"
889	2	"You guys would have people lined up around the block if you would just change out those horrible floors to thick squishy awesomeness! (or at least provide super thick crash pads). Fix the flooring and I personally would bring you five newbs easy. I asked the staff about it and they said that they've been trying to get the owner to do it for years, but ""he's too cheap"". Reduce the risk of injury and make challenging routes more accessible = more fun, more members, more $$$. Don't be lame like that."
951	2	"We loved VietRiver! We stopped just to try out some Vietnamese food without realizing what amazing vegetarian/vegan options they had! Super bonus! My (meat-eating) boyfriend even loved the vegan ""ham"" wontons. Everything was SO good from the Vietnamese iced coffee and fresh lemonade to the Vegan Buddha Feast Soup (with veg. chicken, vermicelli noodles, veggies) and the Vermicelli Chicken Bowl. Service was great too. A definite gem! Highly recommend!"
294	1	Server was absolutely amazing tonight. Food and drink was amazing. Outshined our lousy shitty dinner at Bar Louie.
950	2	Portion size is big at this location. The friend chicken nuggets is very good. Fried squid also very good. I also like their beef noodle soup. The side dishes are a hit and a miss. I had lotus root one time and I had to spit it out. I still come very often because of their generous portion size. There is usually a long line up on weekends but it's a good place to hang out with friends as they open till really really late. Recommended bubble tea choice is oolong milk tea with pearls.
13	3	"I wish I could give them zero stars. The call takers are rude. The technicians are incompetent. The manager doesn't know what customer service is. It is overpriced. I was quoted $230. I went to another locksmith, who actually got my lock off, and was quoted a total of $79. The technician was late twice. He could not pick the lock which is not unusual and said he would have to drill through the lock. Ok. But, failed to bring charged batteries. He never offered to come back with charged batteries as soon as he could nor offered to send someone else. He said he could, however, come back around 10 hours later and do it ""under-the-table."" Usually when you need to get a lock off, you need it off that minute. I said no. He charged me $30 for a service fee...a service that I never received. I contacted the manager, which seems to be a task in itself, and he said that I was rightfully charged $30 because I ""refused"" the technician's offer to come back later. I doubt the manager knew it was an under-the-table payment. I still have not been reimbursed my $30!"
705	2	"The entrees at Sakura can be hit or miss, but the appetizers and sushi are consistently good. If you like spicy food, the fire on fish maki is great. The egg rolls may be my wife's favorite appetizer in Wakefield. As a bonus, the delivery is unreasonably fast, so this is a great option if you are too hungry to wait."
515	1	"The first time I went here they would have gotten one star. Their food and service quality has gone up. They have really good pizza, really good wings and good burgers. And really yummy alcohol. Sometimes it gets crowded."
751	2	"This place is a gem. The donuts are the best EVER. The girls that work here are super friendly and the deli is delicious. I don't live anywhere near this shop but I make special trips to get donuts, coffee, and scratch tickets nearly every Sunday. Oh and they are open 24/7."
356	3	"**Update - this place is closed now - bummer. Dinner - 3/5/16 Had dinner at the Chef's ""table"" - A bar that over looks the kitchen and a great place to see them work. Like the one at Emmer and Rye. Very good service and they selected a good wine to go with the food. Food - We stayed away from mammal food and decided on veggies and seafood. - Potato Puffs were as good as advertised - Anything on the open fire wood grill is solid - we had Broccolini and Shrimp - Risotto was the star They have Valet parking and the company which they outsource to is top notch. Very professional. Only draw back was the dessert which was just ok compared to the rest. Tip - make reservations - the room is not very big and the bar is reserved as well for seating for dinner - when we went it was a three hour wait to eat at the bar. You also cannot walk up and order a drink at the bar since it is reserved for seating."
121	3	"I dined at this restaurant before the most recent owner took over and the prices were never as high as they are now therefore I have not dined there until this past weekend, 3/16/13. Went with a group of friends and although the food we ordered tasted fine, the price just does not justify it. They're making a killing on food profit. My husband and I shared the pick two cold appetizers (we chose babaganoush and hummus). It came out on a small saucer and contained maybe a 1/2 c of each for $10.75. I asked if it came with bread and they said no you have to pay for that separate so that was another $5 for the lavas bread (what was I suppose to eat with the dips). Then we split their house salad, which was priced at $10.75 (no protein added) and it was a basic sized salad with lettuce, some cous cous, 2 olives, some feta, tomato and cucumber. I know I will not come back to eat here. I can find the same type of food that taste just as great and pay the price that it should be."
621	3	"Just call her angel of the hemming, AN-GEL Just take in my dress before I leave, BA-BY. Just call her angel of the hemming, AN-GEL then slowly turn away from me. Ok, maybe she wasn't Chip Taylor's inspiration for Angel of the Morning, but I still get that song stuck in my head every time I drop stuff off to be altered. Great service and great quality! I have been coming here for a few years now, and have never been disappointed. The owner is very warm and friendly and her prices are extremely reasonable. She specializes in weddings and quinceaneras, and can do anything from intricate formalwear to hemming a pair of pants. Every time I come in, I feel like I'm talking to a long lost friend."
909	2	This is a fairly newer QuikTrip. Located conveniently on my way to the gym. It is nice and clean. Plenty of pumps. There is an entrance and parking on the side of the building in addition to the front. This is a great way to avoid the crowd. Prices are affordable and the pricing sign can easily be seen from the road. They sell lotto here - fyi for the gamblers. :-) The staff I have encountered are nice.
895	1	I ordered the chicken and dumplings with string beans. Both were seasoned nicely. There was a nice serving of dumplings.
983	2	"I don't have time to haul over to Allston/Brighton for Yi Soon bakery, so this is the perfect place for my more frequent visits to Chinatown. In addition to marbled tea eggs, this place also has homemade Taiwanese style bahtzang / zhong zi -- sooo delicious, probably mostly because they are fresh! I also really like their buolo bun so much more than other bakeries' around here -- light, fluffy and the crust is moist and doesn't separate from the rest of the bun. Only tried a handful things so far but will definitely be back to taste more!"
472	2	"The Ice Box is where Johnny's used to be, right next to the Clam Box. Yummy flavors, good portion sizes, and happy staff! *hint* if you eat at the Clam Box ask them for $1 kids cone cards. When youre done eating head next door to get your $1 cone!"
477	2	"Sampling Lab is in a nice space. It is a ways for me, but I think I will go when I am in the neighborhood. As it is there are several places I like in the area so I will go again. When I was there they had a range of food item from single serve Ketchup packages to small coffee creamers to heat and serve meals. There is seating though I do not know what for (maybe on future visits I will) but everything is well laid out. One thing to note, they are changing their hours and will no longer be open on Sundays. I have seen survey people standing in malls etc trying to get you to try something but not like this. Here come in find something you want from a selection and you decide what you want to try for free and review it. The survey was quick and easy. I hope they get busier then when I was there, I had the place to myself and I want them to do well! I had signed up online but it had not processed but they could just sign me up there."
863	3	"My least favorite of the vape shops i've been to. They carry a TON of juices, but i found them to be of poorer quality than many other brands i have tried. The tasting bar is too small for the selection they have, and the pens for tasting are also of poorer quality than other places i went making it really difficult to really get a sense of what i was purchasing. Also of concern is their liquids for tasting have nicotine, but no labels of which flavors have the nicotine in them and at what level, so you have no idea what level youre at when trying unless you ask an employee who has to recall from memory. I think its important for newbies to be aware of how the nicotone affects the juice/throat hit but i think its more important that consumers know ahead of time what they are trying. I did settle on two flavors, as i like to have a variety. One i have yet to bust into, but the other, a peanut butter banana one that i was sooo excited to have found but was waaaay more intense when i put it in my emow at home than when i had it in the store- and not in a good way. It completely messed my palette up for a day and the resin really stuck in my tank even when i used a neutralizer/rinse and changed the coil (ive tried several brands/flavors and never had that issue). I literally disposed of the rest of the bottle because the thought of it now makes me physically ill. The prices arent readily listed out which i find awkward and they were out of one flavor i really had wanted/out of various nicotine levels in other flavors. While the sheer amount of options was impressive, and the service was pretty good, the options themselves werent high quality. I give this place an a-ok rating because of the service/space itself (they have a good selection of equipment too) but i will stick to other vape shops going forward."
955	1	"Vacationed in Maui last summer and this place felt so true to the island! Loved chatting with the owners about our previous trip and comparing their food to the authentic Hawaiian food we were used to. Amazing pork and fish tacos! Love the cool food truck vibe. Only bad thing is the flies around the picnic tables. Other than that, this place is definitely worth the hype!"
295	1	"Usually have very good experiance at joes, but my friend's turkey burger was wrong and undercooked (pink) 3 times. Unacceptable in my eyes, and I wont be back at let to this location."
729	3	"This place gets ""nice neighborhood restaurant"" just right, and has one of the top two or three shrimp and grits dishes I've had in Atlanta. The warm, laid-back-but-elegant interior combines with a usually very gregarious crowd to form an easy to like environment. The menu is more free-spirited and personal compared to a typical southern themed New American style restaurant, a bit playful, like Ron is talking about stuff he salivates over through his menu. There is a propensity towards putting stuff in a bowl with tasty, gooey sauce/gravy/broth which really reminds me of the sort of shit gluttons think up when having the 2AM munchies. It helps that sauces are very good at Rosebud otherwise some might find the approach sloppy. Asian flavors are also lovingly referenced in a few places, with enough restraint and good taste to not come off as ill-advised fusion experiments; though don't interest me much. I've had dinner here about four times and brunch once. Appetizers are mostly solid with fried oysters and bruschetta being standouts but calamari and mussels underwhelming. A crab cake special had some of the best crabby flavors I've had but is not on the regular menu. The best entree is shrimp and grits, rightfully mentioned as a great dish in this area by many people. This version is a sweeter take on cajun style with a generous amount of delicious tomato gravy. Grit is cooked just right. It's usually a struggle to try new entrees because resist ordering this dish is so difficult. Out of the seven entrees ordered by my party in last two visits, four were the shrimp and grits. Surprisingly juicy is the braised lamb shank. Decent fish (I've sampled the trout), generally good vegetable sides. On the other hand, disappointing is the fried chicken--bland, although only slightly worse than the norm for $15 fancy fried chickens, of which I've tried many. Another bad entree was a pork rib special, presumably smoked using the BGE outside, that turned out unpleasantly dry and we were hardly able to finish. Brunch can be a great time to give Rosebud a first try, as it's more casual, features many grit dishes, and still has many normal items available, including the shrimp and grit. The beverage selection doesn't dazzle but the whole package keeps up with the times competently, with good mixed drinks, enough respectable beers (not a lot), and many wines by the glass as well as the option to go with house wine for simplicity and economy. Service is excellent and I have no problem with the fact that the chef writes a blog venting about bad customers. Rosebud is a good neighborhood restaurant and a viable options for all occasions."
378	1	I've spent 20 years performing in or attending the Orlando International Fringe Festival. It's absolutely a fabulous time. TONS of great shows and wonderful social time at the beer tent. I highly recommend!
641	1	"This shop embodies what I love about Austin. In one word: original. There is a pleasant variety of very unique items. I've purchased jewelry, candles, cards and even a stuffed cat (not real) for my son. Three cheers for Take Heart!"
753	2	"I stopped at black seed cafe on my way to the hotel room after a tiring 6 hour tour of the entire city and when i entered there was nothing on my mind but to get something to eat. There a lot of options you can choose from when ordering specially for the wraps. I ordered the Bahamas chicken hot wrap to try something out of the ordinary and it was delicious. Beside from having a lot of tomatoes in it, the zucchini and eggplant were well done and enhanced the flavor. If you ever go there let them know what to hold in your wrap so you don't end up with a lot of tomatoes on you plate in the end."
58	3	"Overall can be a great experience if you're a regular and know what you are doing. You pick your car, get in, and you go. However for the rest of us like myself with family in toll, don't expect much customer assistance. Upon arriving to the National garage at MCO, we did not see anyone in the attendant booth so we proceeded to ""choosing our car"" (I am an Emerald's Club member so we got to pick any car from the respective lane). The caveat is I had a car seat reserved as well for my little one. After we chose our car and had my family inside our chosen vehicle (garage is located outdoors and it's FL) I proceeded to head back to the attendant's help for the car seat. Still no attendant, waited another 10 min before someone showed up. When he finally came back, no personal greetings and was a bit short when I asked about the car seat, he pointed to a pile of car seats on a shelf and walked away. Forget about any type of help with installation. Can be a bit tricky inside a covered garage (dark), an unfamiliar car seat, toddler crawling around the car and did I mention the FL weather... The return was a breeze, you proceed to the designated lane and grab your stuff to go. The rep will hand you a receipt and you walk to the terminal."
798	1	Came with the family on a saturday nite. Service and food was great. It was a little pricey for what it was but the live music made up for it. im not usually a fan of live music at resarsunts but this was great! Cant go wrong with johnny cash and Willie.
371	2	"I love the low-key vibe of this place. The staff is great, there aren't any attitudes, and they have a good mix of regulars and first timers that are sure to come back. It's pretty big, which is great for groups and on busy nights. There's a large patio out back, and a little nook full of couches inside. Good beer selection, great prices."
271	2	"At at this place for the first time today. I was in early. Coffee was perked...and tasty. Breakfast was very good. Had standard... eggs, bacon, hash browns and French toast. With coffee, still less than $10. Staff was attentive even though they were busy. Coffee never ran out on me. My friend had the eggs Benedict. Well done, particularly for a diner. Hollandaise was homemade...not Sysco. Looking forward to going back. If u are at a swim meet at Harvard U...park the car and walk here...5 minutes away."
974	3	"I started looking for movers in early January and got kind of freaked out by how expensive, or shifty, or nonprofessional, or whatever that they all seemed to be. I called an old friend who had been in the moving business years ago and he said, ""You ever use Yelp?"" ""Duh,"" sez I. Practically living on Yelp, why didn't I think of that. So, my friend Lee goes on, ""Check them out. They have a million reviews and they still have 5 stars."" He told me that he sends all his old customers there and he's heard no complaints. So I Yelped them and Lee was right. And if you know how to read Yelp, you know a shill review from a real review, and these were real reviews by real people. You also know that anyone with 99 reviews and a full 5 stars has to be doing something right, and they are. I called Jennifer and talked to her. She sounded intelligent and pleasant. I described the move and she said, ""you could go with 3, but I'd recommend 4 guys."" I thought about it for a day, looked over the other cheesy estimates I'd gotten, and although Precision's estimate was much higher than the others, but I I suspected it to be more accurate. I decided to drive in to Somerville and see their facility and meet Jennifer. Finding it to be well established, clean and organized, I booked the job with Jen and picked up my $50 worth of free boxes. You get a lot of boxes for $50 at Precision. And they're good boxes; U-Haul quality good for a lot less per box. (BTW - do yourself a favor and stay away from Home Depot boxes. Flimsy, fall apart, and not at all rectangular. Whatever shape they do approximate is one where the flaps don't even come close to meeting when you try to seal them.) On moving day, my crew was Bo, Phil, Iztvan and Bella. They showed up promptly at 9AM, they looked strong and well rested, and immediately took a walk-through of the house. Bo told me right away ""We might not get this done today, but we'll try,"" and they launched right into moving me out of the top two floors of a 3 decker, and basement into temporary storage a couple hours away. And they flew through it. These guys worked their butts off. None of this ""2 guys will carry and 1 guy holds the door thing."" Each guy moved things by himself that I could have sworn would take two guys. One guy moved a cube safe by himself! By himself, on his shoulder like it was a sack of flour! It was men in perpetual motion and they had filled the truck - to the top - by 1 'clock. And it was starting to snow... and it was forecast to snow hard. I was worried - a full truck meant that getting it all into the storage space would be iffy. They took less than 2 1/2 hours to get to the space. Having driven it before, I can tell you this: IF they stopped for lunch, it was to pick it up at a drive through and eat it on the road. They mooooved. At the other end... allow me to digress. Have you ever heard of the Theory of Nominative Determinism? It suggests that ""...a person's name is given an influential role in reflecting key attributes of his job, profession, or general life,"" like a guy named Larry Speakes will grow up to be a White House spokesman, and a girl named ""Eileen"" will limp? And then there's the aforementioned member of this moving squad, ""Phil."" I guess the theory holds up for homonyms. These guys work as fast in reverse as they do forward. Three of them unloaded and Phil worked inside the space arranging, stacking, shifting, rearranging and re-stacking, filling every cubic centimeter of the unit. Absolutely amazing. Like backwards Jenga. It was after 6 PM and snowing hard - almost blizzard conditions and the stuff was piling up.- when they finished. They flat rated their return trip to Somerville at 2 hours. Maybe they made it in that time, but I'm pretty sure they saved me an hour or more on the back end. This move was expensive, don't get me wrong. But it did cost what Jennifer said it would cost, and it did cost what I had already figured it would cost. This crew took on a tough job with enthusiasm and good spirit and carried it through to the end. I could not rate any experience more highly than this. If Precision Movers were a barbecue, I would eat there weekly."
169	2	"STUDY THIS STORE PICTURE CLOSELY SOUTHERN WEST COASTERS! Why the hell we dont have stores like these is totally beyond me. They have giant floor scales that are zeroed out to the weight of a cart and then you just kinda go from the price per pound list. Never in my life have i been anywhere where clothing leather and basically anything material for your home was sold in such huge quantity. Theyve got it all and ya its in different price ranges (glass 59 cents a pound, cloth 20 (DATED so dont take my word for it) but who gives a rats? This place is awesome. nuff said."
239	3	"An open letter to Kreuger Farms: Dear Mr. Kreuger, I have been a loyal customer for over 15 years. I have had many memorable times coming to your farm to pick fruits, pumpkins and feast on the goodies sold in your market. I expected the same experience today, but sadly, was greatly mistaken. I came to pick raspberries, but because it was raining, was in the market area waiting for the rain to subside. While I was contemplating buying a flat, one of your employees brought over a sign that raised the price of the flats and stuck it on the cart. When I remarked about the price, she flippantly said that I was too slow and should have gotten it sooner. I saw you come over and was about to make a comment, when you interrupted me and said, ""that's what supply and demand is."" And walked away. I would like to believe that you and your staff were just having a bad day and that customers usually are usually treated with better customer service instead of being subjected to the blatant price hikes and rude comments I experienced today. Your ""lesson"" in supply and demand was taken to heart. And I'm sorry to say that I will never be coming back to support your market again. Also, I will encourage my friends and colleagues who are looking for farm fresh produce and fruits to consider alternative more customer friendly establishments. I know my change in patronage will not impact your bottom line at all, but I would encourage you to think about what true customer service means and practice that with your other patrons, before the demand for your goods drops due to how you treat your customers. Sincerely, Former Kreuger farms fan"
207	2	"The food was good and the service was exceptional. There were a couple of snafus - my soup was taken to the wrong table - which the wait staff made up for with cups of another soup to tide me over. Staff was also very sensitive to my food allergies, and made sure there was no cross contamination in the kitchen. I was pleasantly surprised at how well children are accommodated. There's a dedicated child's menu with low cost (around $5) entrees, and crayons for coloring. (The kids' food was great, too.)"
358	3	"Really really good restaurant in many different aspects. Have now been there twice, first time for beer and apps, second time with coworkers for a full dinner and beers. The beers are beyond good, their IPA is fantastic and one of the best IPAs around. First time I was there, they had Bodhi, and Bodhi is my favorite IPA...period. Also, they have a great selection of guest taps, which it seems they are very picky about, and they pull together some great other Ohio brews. Ordered the Beer battered Asparagus as an appetizer, and Buffalo BBQ Chicken sandwich with garlic fries and extra side of fried plantains. Well, it was all absolutely fantastic. The appetizer was very enjoyable, my only complaint is that the asparagus would pull out of the breading fairly easily. The sandwich was absolutely perfect, the fries were amazing and the fried plantains were just icing on the cake. I think I will be ordering this combo again and again. This restaurant surprised me greatly and will be returning soon."
874	1	"Had my first visit and fitting. Was a little nervous because I have been hard to fit. However, I had a very good experience with Elise and was soon fixed up with what I needed. I will be returning in the future, when needed . Thanks Elise for all your help."
600	3	"Gorgeous resort. My girlfriend got a great deal for a non-savanna view room. Upon check in I asked if it was possible to get an upgrade. They accommodated and gave us a room overlooking the savanna, near their farm. What a great view! Early in the morning it seemed like every animal on the property would flock here. The resort itself is absolutely beautiful. Each evening we would just wander around. We ate at Sanaa and Boma. Both were great, but after 2 nights, I was ready for some non-African food. The only downside is that the resort is far from all the other resorts and parks (except Animal Kingdom) though taking the buses was convenient."
509	1	"Great staff, wonderful service. The wine list is top notch, and the wine by the bottle prices are pretty good as well. The steaks were amazing, perfectly cooked and the side dishes were done well too. I highly recommend the Boulder Cork"
434	1	Very good food!! I am glad it's close to home!!
585	2	"As a celiac diner, I had an incredible experience at Pammy's for my anniversary dinner. Our waiter, Blake, was super knowledgeable and attentive, and asked the kitchen about anything that he wasn't 100% sure about. The food was delicious-- everything from the antipasti board to the asparagus to the gluten free pasta. Cool and inviting ambiance, lively without being too loud to talk, friendly staff, the full package. Definitely lived up to the hype."
34	3	"""A Bit Embarrassed"" I'm not exactly sure where to start with this update, other than saying that my intention was absolutely NOT to get my - or everyone's- meal comped last night. Yes, I'm doing the Eat On $30 Challenge. Yes, I was swayed by another Yelper to go to Rosebud, even while fully aware that I didn't want the $5 Mystery Monday meal (biscuits and gravy with a fried egg - looked good when I saw James H.'s, Emily R.'s and Alain L.'s orders, but just not something I really like at all) so I was probably getting myself into a grossly-tempting land of foodiness, given all the other things I know or think sound goody good on their menu. I went anyway!I wanted the company and I'm so used to dining out, I couldn't resist, I suppose!! Long story short, the service was Capital-B Bad. BAD. Slow. Inattentive. As Lauren S. noted, no refills on water, plus other drinks were slow and things like James H.'s grits side and Emily R.'s fries were either forgotten (the former) or delayed and without steak sauce (the latter). Then, the first few folks to cash out clearly asked for separate checks, fiiiiiiinally got one that was all together, had to ask for it to be corrected . . . only to find that each one had a 20% ""service charge"" tacked on. Huh?! We all sat in the bar area, the group just kinda grew as people filtered in, and nowhere on the menu does it mention anything about an auto-add for ""big parties."" Besides, I thought it was insulting because pretty much everyone at the table goes there a lot or at least often-enough to have talked with Ron and be a pretty familiar ""face"" - and we're Yelpers, so we're gonna tip you (oh, and PS? Not everyone ordered the $5 special, like Kathleen M. with her shrimp-n-grits or Lauren S. with her breakfast bowl . . . no one was gonna stiff them!). Still, our first three dining companions left without much fanfare, and I figured, ""hey, bad night."" Then . . . the rest of us got ready to leave and a) our server took for-freakin'-ever to bring checks, and b) (the last straw in my book) dropped Emily R.'s to-go box on the floor, picked it up and resealed it, and dropped it in front of her like nothing had happened. Oh, did I mention that while we were waiting on our checks, we got to see several other servers (note: not ours) eating some of Ron's wings at the bar with ""regulars"" (as he later described them)?? Yeah, it was a BAD night at Rosebud. So when our server finally came back with the checks, I spoke up. My intention was to let him know that we were ""nonplussed"" and, as I stated to him, he should remove the ""automatic 20% service charge if he'd included it."" A couple minutes later, Ron came out to ""chat."" I have to say . . . I'm ""a little bit embarrassed"" because I'm not the diner who wants her meal comped for any little reason, or, really, ever, unless it's a gracious gesture on management's part. And when Ron came over, it felt, well, like our server had tattled to Daddy . . . and that Ron didn't really want to hear what had happened. He said most of the right things, and ""agreed"" with comments, but suddenly I felt like I was the only one speaking up, he didn't *really* care, he noted he'd worked ""80 or 90 hours"" in the last week (ok, but you're the owner, right? The resto business is nothing close to easy . . . what does that have to do with our conversation??), and he tried to defend his server as well as justify the service charge . . . and then he said ""I can see where this is going . . . let me just take care of all of your dinners."" Well, sh*t. Not really what I wanted to have happen. Honestly, it just seemed like an easy out to get *me* (us) to STHU. And then . . . how do I tip on a non-dinner? Especially one where I just had Bloody Mary's once noting how sloooow everyone's food orders came, despite being tempted? And do I just take it as a ""freebie"" given my week of Eat On $30 challengedom?? It was all too much. It seemed we all left awkwardly (not to mention that Kathleen, James, and Lauren had to pay, including a ""service charge"" and we didn't) and while Emily ""tipped for me"" since I didn't eat, but she knew I felt weird, I left with the overall thought . . . ""Huh?? What just happened??"" Monday. I will chalk it all up to Monday. I really like Rosebud and want to continue going often and recommending it to folks, but I left feeling -and still feel - like I need to *digest* my most recent experience . . ."
634	1	"Probably one of my favorite places, I loved the brunch so so good, the service was really good too, their bloody Mary's- amazing :) I had the Brie sandwich and means my friends shared the dynamite roll and the ahi poke as appetizers and it was delish! Highly recommend"
433	2	"That bar is in a brilliant location. It offers a convenient spot not only for its patrons, but also passers-by who walk around the Mall and in fact some walk by the opposing balcony by the escalator where there is clear view of the huge wall projector screen, therefore, a perfect viewing angle from EVERY angle during a game. Also good for hotel guests, train commuters who cut through the mall to catch the Orange Line, etc. Champions had been renovated a few years back and their bar especially offers colorful and vibe and atmosphere to their patrons. The several TVs, their wall projector add to the excitement during a game. Their food is mediocre, but the food presentation was beautiful. Staff was courteous but service not prompt enough. Overall, I like this bar and will return."
311	1	"Mike was recommended by our agent and did not disappoint. He was professional, timely and very knowledgeable. I would recommend him to anyone in need of a home inspector!"
701	1	We liked it when we went for dinner. So we went for buffet. Not much choice for vegetarians. Biryani has gone bad and not so good curries for naans. So we could not have biryaniz and breadz even though buffet was very expensive!
475	3	"Even if you are not Greek, Taverna Opa is a great dining choice if you are in the Orlando area. The ambiance was great; there is a lot of noise but the dining experience is interactive. The servers greek dance with the whole restaurant, there are belly dancers, dancing on the tables, and instead of throwing plates, they throw napkins. Taverna Opa has a large menu. The kabobs were cooked to perfection and the portions are very large. Before you dine, sign up for the Taverna Opa V.I.P. card and they will provide a free cold appetizer. The only slight downfall would be the service. The server forgot a couple items we ordered and forgot the modifications on the items. Overall, it was a great dining experience and would be recommended."
331	3	"I find that there are things I like and don't like about this hotel. I came here for a conference in July and found that with all the wings in this hotel it can be very confusing to get around and get lost. Also there was a dance competition going on at the same time that seemed to bleed into our area. The food supplied at lunches and dinner was good every time, no real complaints. A little better than standard hotel conference food- however one of my roommates for the conference was a vegetarian and she was not happy with the tofu option that was provided at EVERY meal. Next, I found the pool to not have very much space to accommodate enough people at all. We went outside at 1pm and found not one single spot to sit. This would dissuade me from coming back to this hotel. The food in the restaurants was very expensive, hard to find quick cheap lunch in our off time. Additionally, the bar they had open at night by the entrance to the hotel was VERY expensive for a drink. I am talking 13-17$ per drink. No thank you. Lastly, my biggest issue was the bathroom in our hotel room. It was great and all that a TV was in the mirror- not gonna lie, that was COOL. However, there were slots in the bathroom door so there was no real privacy at all. It was like the slots on a closet door? I was rooming with some people that I was not as familiar with and I was turned off by this- especially for how expensive it is to stay here! I later learned that not all the rooms were like this, only on our wing."
473	2	"Soooo good! See the thing is, there's lots of places to get fancy ice cream, but most froyo is mediocre flavors with processed toppings. NOT THIS PLACE It's amazing, seriously good ingredients and everything looks and tastes fresh. I got the doughnut flavor with rhubarb sauce and ginger, it was simply divine. I absolutely cannot wait to come back and share with friends while I try more flavors and combinations!"
615	1	Food was great. The pepper chicken is the best. This place is neat and clean. The staf are sweet. I recomend them to anyone !!
7	3	"Probably one of the better breakfast sandwiches I've ever had. I had the EGGMEATMUFFIN, the bread was toasted perfectly and the bacon was a real thick cut. Not that lame bacon we are more familiar with at your conventional breakfast diner. In addition, the place was clean and the staff was very helpful. The butcher had several different cuts available and was knowledgable as well as friendly. I left with some cuts of pork and beef and am excited to come back!"
421	1	"A little pricey for what you get. The crispy chicken tacos were exceptionally good, but could have fit in a lunchable."
266	2	"I've been in Austin for two years and at some point I met total despair that I'd never find a bar that comes close to bars is Beirut. I wanted a place that played good music - not so loud that your head hurt and your vocal cords strained - an outdoor seating area, and obviously well priced, generous drinks. After I went to Mohawk the first time a few weeks back (to watch Yann Tiersen play!) I haven't stopped raving about the place. It's my new favorite bar in Austin and it definitely exceeded my expectations. There're three decks outside, equipped with an outdoor bar to keep traffic from building up at the indoor bar, which is brilliant for show nights when it gets crowded. I definitely plan to make regular visits down there now that summer vacation's begun!"
56	3	"""Even the mad Captain Ahab is touched by Starbuck's goodness..."" Herman Melville The drive-thru was jammed with vehicles when I pulled up, so I opted to park and go to the walk-up window. The staff were super friendly! More then a few of them said hello to me while I ordered. Even though they were busy, they were all genuinely smiling. They look like they enjoy their job. Great teamwork! I think this is the friendliest Starbucks I've ever visited. The building is architecturally pleasing to me so it catches my eye every time I've driven past it. I'm glad I stopped this time. It's close to my freeway entrance so I'll be making this a regular stop from now on. If you're in the area, you should too!"
384	3	"Not the ""nice seafood restaurant"" my wife wanted for dinner. It's more like a lunch spot. Breading on the fish was super thin and tasteless. The fish itself was thin and a rubbery. The shrimp were severely overcooked. The slaw was nothing more than shredded cabbage with dressing and some type of seeds in it. Not sure what they were but there was way too much and they had a bitter taste. I like my fish and chips to be thick and flakey. This was about 1/4 inch thick and 3 inches wide. Might make a good sandwich if the breading had some seasoning, they weren't over cooked, and u layered them. Not even sure what fish I ended up with because they were out of so many items. I think it was the swai (catfish) and something else. If u plan on going, call ahead to see what they are out of. As other reviewers have noted, the fries were very good. I would come again JUST for the fries. Overall though, it was a disappointment. Not bad enough to complain about and send back, but almost. Sorry to be so harsh..."
183	1	"I found this Thai restaurant at yelp! Small, cozy restaurant. Service was good. Food was excellent!! Will visit again."
391	2	"Enjoyed the fried chicken and sides. Chicken had a little kick but was lightly battered and the sides were delicious, would definitely go back."
871	1	"This is only a review for the auto shop, not the gas. This is the only place I've been for an inspection sticker. They seem to know what they are doing as I have never had a problem with any inspection sticker. They are honest and all business. I even once drove from Boston because I know I can trust them."
200	3	"I've always liked Flip (I've been to both the Buckhead and Howell Mill locations several times over the past few years), but of the two Richard Blais conceptions - Flip Burger and HD1, HD1 was my favorite; so I was quite saddened when I learned they were turning this location into a Flip. This past Sunday was my first visit since Flip Burger opened, the space is fairly identical with the exception of additional seating (two large booths on either end of the restaurant). I had previously heard that management was planning on keeping a few of HD1's mainstays on the menu, but unfortunately only the 'Haute Dog' made it. No biggie, the BF and I both decided on burger options; he had the ""Oaxaca Burger"" (beef patty topped with sliced avocado, pico de gallo, and smoked mayo). I was a litle hesitant trying it - it sounded much too spicy for my wimpy taste buds - but the spice was surprisingly mild. Good news for me, but bad news if you're looking for some kick. The burger itself was well-cooked, very tender, and the toppings were a very refreshing contrast to the beef. I chose their special of the day: the ""Surf and Turf"" Burger (beef patty, topped with sauteed lobster knuckles, ""garlic herb white wine butter"", pea shoots, and green goddess dressing) which came with a side of seasoned fries - served with mayo and ketchup ($16). The adjectives were just too much for me to resist, I had to have it. I wasn't disappointed it was quite tasty, it was the same beef patty of the 'Oaxaca' - the lobster was buttery and well cooked, also more plentiful than I thought there'd be. Always a plus! We finished our meal by sharing the Pistachio ""Liquid Nitrogen"" milkshake. No surprise, I loved it. I really like that the milkshakes have a more complex sweetness to them, there's a muti flavor component to them as well. The service was excellent, our server was friendly and attentive. There was a slight delay in our entrees coming out - but the manger came out straightaway and apologized profusely. My one tiny complaint/tip regarding Flip (all locations) - the burgers are quite small - hella tasty and gourmet - but small. Just having a burger will leave you still a bit hungry, definitely go for an app, a side - and how could you resist one of their milkshakes?"
100	3	"We ended up staying here for a trade show, and I shared a gigantic room with my coworker. Service is excellent in the lobby. Smiles on their faces like they really want to be there. They were dressed nicely and showed us where the restroom was and the plugs at the table in case we had to wait for someone. Also, they provide free water bottles, which helped when I had a hangover the next morning on our way out. My room had 2 full size beds in it and a bathroom that connected to the bedroom as well as a door that led to the main room. The place was absolutely clean- bedrooms, bathrooms, kitchen, living room. My supervisor's bathroom had a huge tub in it. Also, the coffee and tea was Starbucks, so that was a big plus. I love this place so much. It was safe at night, the bartenders were cool and friendly. They directed us to places to check out as well as noted the vibe. (Half the group wanted a ratchet time while the other half wanted a chill, ""shoot pool"" time.) The pool was also pretty nice, but when we stayed, it was pretty cold to be swimming. I would love to come back and hope to organize a squad trip for my Potterhead friends. It was super nice and not far from the places to see."
59	2	"For the price we paid (about $50 for 2 people) the food was only so-so and the service was AWFUL. Our waitress sounded like a robot, and we had to grab another waiter several times because she never came back to check on us. The food came out and it looked like it had been sitting in the back a while, it was barely warm and a film had formed over the top of my ravioli. Overall, very unimpressed and I don't think I would go back or recommend this location to a friend."
494	1	Nice unpretentious. My son loved his steak tips My pizza without cheese and veggies was perfect. He also raved about his cheese pizza.
894	2	"Zero Stars. Just left a bag of quarters 5 minutes ago in the car with $15 in it, went back RIGHT away (within 5 minutes) and they said there's nothing in the car. They also nickel and dime you for every service and use scare tactics to sell their services. Thieves and crooks. Don't ever use their service. They're lucky we have a flight to catch. Use other friendlier rental car services."
146	1	Best theater ever. Great seats great service. You gonna spend some money but it's worth it if your a movie buff. Got to go
685	1	"The food here is amazing and well priced. The chef specials are always great. I love the Tom ka and the thai tea is my favorite drink ever. Seriously one of my favorite restaurants ever. A must try place in Louisville. Once you do, you'll keep coming back!"
396	2	"Amazing supply store. They have all sorts of stuff from fabric to wigs to chocolates. Upstairs house a majority of the fabrics. The area in front of the door has costume supplies and more stock comes out for Halloween and holidays. Downstairs: yarn, remnant fabrics, discoloured, discontinued fabrics and NOTIONS, NOTIONS, NOTIONS (that's thread, zippers, trims, pins, etc.). I bought my halloween wig there for $12.99! I was also able to find fabrics that I couldn't find anywhere...for $2/yard. I may be wrong but it seems their trimmings dept have shrunk just a bit. For about $60, I was able to get material for my headboard, curtains, partitioning curtains along with pom pom trim for my NY apt. Just remember to bring cash or debit because they don't accept credit. There is a debit machine across the street but it's dodgy."
893	2	"Elephant's contacted me the same day I posted my original review to follow up on my experience. Wow! They left a very nice message verifying that the PDX location does participate in ALL of their punch cards, including coffee and cookies. Also, they said that they're reviewing this with all of their staff, so something like this doesn't happen in the future. Thanks Elephant's!"
316	1	"This place is great! The coffee is strong, the owner is friendly, and the decor is really cute. So glad I found it!"
176	3	"A violent vomiting session, cold sweats, and a general blue-ish white skin color had us changing our plans from heading to the airport to heading to the nearest urgent care facility. All these one star reviews had me worried, but not as worried as I was about getting my husband some help ASAP. When we got in they told us they could see him right away, but if it wasn't an emergency he'd be sent outside to wait for a while. It didn't take long for them to realize it was an emergency. And from that moment on he was treated with the best care. The nurses were all really sweet and had great bedside manner, distracting my husband while giving him an injection, and one even brought us a snack (we had planned to eat breakfast at the airport). The front desk guy, who was struggling with our health care information, was nice as he could be about it. And the doctor was better than most primary care physicians I've had -- very patient, forthcoming with all information, and seemed genuinely concerned for his wellbeing. We left with a less-dying husband, feeling perfectly cared for, and with TWO doctors notes that will help us get a refund on our missed flights. Thanks, team! Hopefully we'll never need to see you again, but if we get sick on the way to the airport again, we know where to go!"
180	3	"Great atmosphere and packaging... but the cupcake tasted really bad and the frosting even worse! I was very excited to try Sweet after it opened and the very cute atmosphere gave me hope that I would be in for a treat. I got my cupcakes to go and I was immediately enamored with the boxes and packaging. However when i got home and actually tried the cupcakes I was sorely disappointed. The cake was dry- really, really dry. Stuck in my throat and felt like sandpaper dry. The frosting, by contrast was sweet- really, really sweet. Cloyingly sweet- really quite unpleasant. I ended up throwing 1/2 of each away- it was really that bad. I think they have a great concept that is very on trend, great packaging and store design, a great location and a customer base who will pay through the nose for a cupcake- but honestly... it isn't all about marketing! You have to have cupcakes that actually taste good... or at least are not objectionably bad! I am not sure how they are going to make it... I hope for their sake they figure out how to actually make a product that people will enjoy eating!"
834	2	"Wish I could give zero stars, this review is for the food not the service. Over priced NOT authentic vietnamese food. $6.5 for a banh mi (vietnamese sandwich), seriously?? hoagie bread not the usual banh mi bread and they skimp on the meat and veggie toppings. The dipping fish sauce that came with the spring rolls were salty and lack sweetness. So disappointed...The Pho (beef noodle soup) was overly spiced, my parents couldn't even finished their meals. Will not be returning and would not recommend."
766	1	"We came here for Dine out Vancouver. Awesome service, they were very accomodating and we had a great dinning experience here. Will come back again to try out their regular menu"
19	2	"Definitely 5 stars for the donuts. Our family has been coming to Dandy Donuts for years! Their donuts can't be beat and are a must-try. The same Cambodian family has owned this shop for years. They are kind, hard-working folks that put out a consistently fresh and delicious line of donuts as well as croissants and apple fritters their customers love. Subs are also good. I notice they've added a new low-price lunch special of hot dog, chips and drink. The surroundings are definitely ""hole-in-the-wall"", but go and try the donuts."
806	1	"Wanted to like it, just couldn't. Seafood tasted frozen and freezer burnt - nothing was even edible. We left hungry and ate elsewhere."
68	1	"Perfect spices, nice atmosphere & music, great lighting and decor. Even the restroom area is pretty cool. Will definitely come again."
795	2	"I went here a few weeks ago and had the best experience. The food was amazing and fresh, the service was excellent. The two people serving us which we think might have been the owners were so friendly and welcoming. Highly recommend!!"
453	2	"So, I really love turkey burgers and this was probably one of the biggest, most flavorful, juicy turkey burgers I've had from a quick dining establishment. No really... you have to try one. Oh and let's not forget the fries, I ate them before I got down the street. I'll most def be back to try some other items on the menu (or get the turkey burger again). The customer service was great as well. They're super friendly!!! I wish I had a picture to post but I ate it all in the car."
231	3	"Highlights: Recently revisited BTS -- one of my favorite college hangout spots a few years back. Had an incredibly rude customer service experience. Surprised, disappointed, and won't be returning. Even signed up for a Yelp account today to encourage them to increase their professionalism. -------------------------- More details: Needing to use the bathroom after downing my taro drink, I made for the door with the large bathroom sign on it. An Asian staff guy came out of nowhere, literally stuck his arm out across my chest, and forcibly pushed me away. ""Bathroom's closed,"" he said in an abrupt, dismissive tone. Thinking he thought I might have just come in from the street, I let him know, ""I'm a paying customer."" Grinning sardonically, he mocked, ""Are you also a reading customer?"" He pointed to a small sign on the side counter saying the bathroom was reserved for staff only. My mistake, but when I have to pee, I'm usually not looking around for small disclaimers. Did he need to make assumptions and say it the way he did? I might have expected such attitude from myself in college, but not out of people running a business. So I let him know, ""No, I'm not. I'm not going to be a customer at all anymore."" Here comes my favorite part. His response? A snarky laugh with other staff, followed by ""That's fine with me."" BTS, you were a staple in my college years; I was there when you first opened behind the post office! And despite your upward creeping prices since, I have come back at least once a year because I loved the unpretentious atmosphere. I'm not sure what changed, but on principle I won't be supporting a business that lacks respect for their customers. 1 star for this experience, +1 star for the memories."
616	2	I always get Pad See Ew or the Pho and it is great the owner also lets me know he does not use MSG which is a plus! Though it is in a obscure location If you are traveling in Atlanta and know about this place it is a hidden gem with good service I would recomment it!
53	3	"Brasserie zero zero... we were hoping for a ten based on how highly recommended it was however, we were very disappointed with the quality of the food. We ordered escargot and artichoke to start. Escargot was covered in a bitter green sauce- butter and garlic would have really helped. The artichoke wasn't cooked properly and was minimally seasoned. It was also small portions, about a fourth of an artichoke in size. Even after sending back the artichoke it still was tough and not fully cooked. We ordered the lamb chops for our main with a side of mashed potatoes. The potatoes were sour and not as creamy as expected. For $35 we received two lamb chops with a tasty mustard sauce but the accompanying vegetables were tasteless and again, disappointing. The ambiance and service was great and we had a yummy creme brûlée brought to our table for the birthday we were celebrating but we wished the rest of the meal had lived up to the hype."
246	2	"Stayed there for business the other day. Checked in Sunday night at the tail end of ACL. The staff was very attentive, and helpful. I use to live, and work in Hostels in different parts of the world, and in the U.S., and the Firehouse is a damn good one. The lounge on the first floor is a great little Austin haunt full of that famous Austin uniqueness that facilitates great adventures. The prices are really good considering the location, and the selection is also above average. Bathrooms very clean, and common areas are not neglected. People staying there are nice, and no donkeys that I could I see. A place that I will be going to again. Didn't wake up for the free breakfast, but I'm sure I'm not the first. Smelled good though."
913	1	"One of the best pho places here in Portland!!! The size portion is decent, the soup and meats are in good quality. I just wish I live close by and can come here to eat everyday."
709	3	"What a horrible experience coming by here all the way from dorchester! I made a appointment to come by here to check out a few honda accord sport sedan and 4x calling after back to back the vehicle has been SOLD and they called me last min everytime when i hop in my car to come and about to leave to come. So finally i visit and met the sale man name Victor and omG! I never met any one who got a grumpy face on him without a smile... not even tryna be greetful or nothing .. like dude ? Really im here to buy a car from YOU and ur not even happy as much ... and poor customer service! And Forgot to mention the sales manager look crZy too like ur not even happy or anything neither I just dont know... i mean if u have a bad day or something leave it behind and treat customer right u know... anyways showing me a vehicle that has dent back front side, paint chip off and all and tryna have me buy a car that i dont like like no!!! On top of that okay i come to check out a vehicle i havent seen in my life yes i admit its said black fabric seat but now im changing my mind to a leather seat what the F is the problem ?? After i said i kinda want leather seat cuz i want leather after test drive the accord with fabric i kinda dont like it so Salesman Victor goes "" oh if u know u made the appointment to see the vehicle like whats wrong with this that this that like hello dude I got $$$$$$ imma get wtf I want the heck u meannnn ??? Base on all I dont think this dealership is worth to have my $ sorry! 0 star all da way!!"
814	3	"This is a great place to go, kick back with friends, and eat some good food. No - it's not 5-star high end cuisine. No - it's not an up-scale trendy pick-up bar. But it's also not TRYING to be any of those things. It HAS a bar, but it's for local friends to chill, catch the evening news, and have a drink. It's not the spot you are going to find your new European Super Model Wife. But they don't claim that you will. The bar is not the main part of this restaurant. The bar is just there so that they have one. The reason to visit is for some good food and to be in a relaxing environment with friends. Between my husband and I - we've tried almost everything on the menu, and so far, we can't complain. The French Onion soup is a good, solid standard. I'm told to try the meatloaf (but my husband is a poopie-head, because he knows I don't eat beef). My personal favs are the club sandwich (minus the pork products) and their crab cakes. They also have really good onion rings. All in all -- thumbs up. Stop on by."
23	3	"I just had my lasik done last week and I am really happy with my results. The staff were all extremely nice, remembered me like I was an old friend, and generally made me feel very comfortable. It's also great that they have Saturday appointments. The evaluation, as with most lasik places, was complementary and all followup exams and treatments are included. These exams are generally about 10 minutes. The pre-surgery paperwork and going over post-op details, etc took about 30 minutes and the surgery itself (both eyes) took 25 minutes. Numbing drops are applied, so there is no pain, but while the flap is being created, there is an intense feeling of pressure from the suction that holds your eye still. I hated that. Afterward, the only pain I experienced was similar to getting soap in my eye, a kind of stinging. I went home and slept all night and woke up the next morning for my first followup and I could see! And had no more burning! I had some broken blood vessels from the suction used to hold my eye in place, but no pain all week, just dry eyes. The week following, you must avoid swimming, exercise, eye makeup, and have to sleep with goggles (so you don't rub your eyes) and apply drops almost constantly. I believe I've made a great investment. I still can't believe I'm going to see this well FOREVER! :-) My only complaint was that they didn't administer a sedative or anything to help me relax during the surgery (and maybe a pain Rx for after?) I didn't feel nervous before it started, but a little panic hit me when my eye was being held open and I was asked to keep my eye very still. Oh, and they charge $2100 per eye for the all-laser lasik."
336	2	"Been wanting to check this place out for awhile, so I came in on a whim after lunch. The counter girl gave me the impression she wasn't happy to be there since she just stared at me without smiling when I walked in. You can't substitute veggies for rice, it's an add on, you can only get the spring rolls fried (gross), I ordered the chicken curry with veggies to go, the place is small, clean and quiet. The dish was bland, the ""veggies"" were 3 pieces of carrot and 2 pieces of potato. It's inexpensive, and close to my house, but I will not visit again."
570	3	"Called these guys up at 11pm the other night to get some much needed group for my well-drank and poorly fed group. We ordered onion rings as an app (super oily and terrible for you but hey that means they actually taste good). One guy somehow ordered more plates of food than would fit on the table and they were gone within 15 minutes. I would assume he liked his. I ordered the meatloaf sandwich, which I've had many times and always love. The only issue with the sandwich is that it has the Captain Crunch effect on the roof of my mouth? Weird, but worth the trouble. Anyways, it's quite nice that this place has a kitchen open til 1am. Seriously? I had no idea you could get good food like this that late. If you come for lunch or dinner, you may have to wait, but it's worth it. This is also the place that I took my girlfriend on our first date. Since the food was really good and our mouths were always full, it cut back a bit on the awkwardness."
811	1	Gave it a try... twice. Shame on me. Not very good BBQ. Unfortunate as I live across the street. Will not be back.
481	3	"Scheduled a delivery for 7 PM. An hour later, after calling to make sure the drive is on their way, they tell me that the delivery man tried delivering our order and wasn't able to because the person who answered didn't order the food. To which I argued that no one came to our door, no one rang the doorbell or called my cellphone (WHICH THEY HAVE ON FILE FOR THIS VERY PURPOSE) to deliver the food I had ordered two hours ago. Also OBVIOUSLY if the person rejects the order, YOU'RE AT THE WRONG ADDRESS. The sales representative then changes her story and says the delivery man knocked on the door and no one answered at all. This is the second time this location has completely messed something up and the fact that there was no retribution for their mistake is astounding to me. Awful customer service, not worth a single ounce of effort. Also, use a new delivery service because a delivery man who can't do his ONE SINGLE job is absolutely useless. You have forever ruined wings and Brookline. DISHONOR ON YOU. DISHONOR ON YOUR COW. DISHONOR ON YOUR WHOLE FAMILY."
113	3	"I just had a terrible experience here at the Shaking Crab in Quincy. The server brought us our crab and told us that the crackers were in the washer and would be out in a minute or two. Then 10 minutes passed, still no utensils, we asked again and a different server told us that they didn't have any more, that they kept going missing. This went on for the rest of the time we were here. After 20 minutes of having our food the 3 of us were given one cracker. The crab was ice cold. The staff then avoided our table. We informed the manager and he did not seem to care. I normally would never post anything like this, but that was the worst experience I have had at a restaurant. I would give them a negative star if I could. The food was NOT worth the money it cost us."
168	3	"Channing is a photo ninja. My parents told me a horror story about their friends' wedding photographer, who insisted on always getting the shot he wanted. The end of their friends' ceremony: couple has their first kiss, crowd cheers, photographer calls a halt to their walk back up the aisle so he can get a better angle. That wasn't acceptable, and we weren't keen on having a lens constantly in our faces either. So, one of our priorities was to find someone who could capture the day while still being unobtrusive. Channing was perfect. He documented all the moments we remember, as well as many that we wouldn't have seen without him. Yet, other than when we were taking portraits, he flew under the radar, never interrupting the flow of the evening or getting in the way of our guests. And the photos! Our gallery has over 700 images -- every one looks crisp and professional, and many are downright stunning. He has an amazing eye for expressions: emotions and reactions come through so vividly that we feel like we're reliving parts of the celebration. He's also willing to go the extra mile to get different perspectives. During the first five minutes of our ceremony, he somehow managed to get across the building, up to a balcony, and back; he took beautiful photos of the unveiling and gorgeous panoramas showing all of our guests, and he returned before our officiant's welcome was over. We got a glimpse of how he did it from a video of our recessional, in which he silently sprints along the side of the building to get both our first kiss and our walk up the aisle. It couldn't have been more different from my parents' horror story, and we couldn't imagine better photographs. Seeing his site (http://www.channingjohnsonblog.com) is probably more convincing than reading this review. We were swayed both by the impressive portfolio and by our first meeting with him, and we liked him so much that we decided to do an engagement session as well. During that session, he set two nervous subjects at ease, and we ended up with a spectacular set of photos. We gave them to our parents and grandparents at the wedding, and they were thrilled. Finally, working with Channing is a joy. He is incredibly responsive and endlessly thoughtful, and he clearly cares about what he does. He listened closely to all of our requests and concerns, and he dealt tactfully with a couple of our friends and family who insisted that he ought to take a particular picture in a particular way. Our engagement and wedding photos came promptly, with the files mailed on disc and loaded on an online gallery. So yes, Channing is a ninja. He is everywhere and seems to be nowhere; he has consummate skill in his art; he is awesome."
762	3	"Went to the Reggae Brunch with a large group. We called ahead 3 days before to get a reservation but were told that if our party showed up promptly at 11 we would be seated without a reservation. We were assured that we did not have a reservation and everything would be all set. We waited around as the hostess figured out what to do with us and said that no one would've told us this over the phone. Meanwhile, there were many empty tables and people waiting to be seated. Finally after 40 minutes and a mixture of possible seating combinations, we were seated together in the back of the restaurant. During our entire meal the restaurant had many empty tables, yet did not sit everyone that came in. The waitress came right over and took drink orders. Beyond this though the service was awful. I did not get my meal until all the other 12 people in the party were almost done eating. The check was wrong and the promise of removing drinks/my meal from the bill was not done. At this point we were ready to just get out of the restaurant and it took another 30 minutes to get the bill situated as it had been miscalculated between cash and cards. The band was the best part! They were great but the food was mediocre and service was awful. Most likely won't go back."
362	3	"I remember the West Coast benny being SO delicious the first time I tried it. Coupled with a nice patio and a decent view of the water, I deemed Hurricane Grill a solid B. On my second visit, the West Coast benny I was served literally tasted and smelled like garbage. Maybe the avocado was overripe, maybe the fish not so fresh anymore, I'm not sure, I'm not a scientist. I didn't complain as there were 8 of us and I really didn't want to cause a scene. The coffee was weak and bland and definitely not very fresh. Service was good though; we arrived late and the server promptly took orders and filled waters. Overall, food is lacking but location and service deem this place a-okay."
697	1	"They're pizza is great, authentic thin crust with fresh toppings. They should be charging more then $2 a slice. Plus the staff is really nice."
730	2	"Literally not a thing, anything at all, in my order was right but they gave me enough food to feed an African Village for at least a decade so I can't complain. I ordered for me and my brother I got enough food to feed all of Angola very pumped. If it's midnight and you drive thru they'll hook you up with basically the whole menu from what I gather. They did charge me an extra 2 bucks from what it said on the screen tho so 4/5 stars."
543	1	"I had a piece of metal stuck in my tire so I went over to Leal's. They patched the tire in 15 minutes for $15 and I was on my way. The service was friendly, quick, and efficient. Highly recommend!"
25	3	"I had a 1 hour massage tonight with Barbara. LITERALLY best massage I've had, and I've gotten plenty of massages around the globe. First off, let me say that when Barb asks you the simple questions, she follows through as you please. I hate when I request soft-medium and it's totally opposite. I received a free foot salt scrub due to a scheduling issue, not bad! When a company offers you something in addition due to a mistake on their part, take it! That's their way of apologizing indirectly! Awesome massage even without the add on! Cannot wait to book my next massage with her!"
289	2	"Dr. Sabrina Marcus is caring, intuitive, passionate and competent. I see her for general health maintenance and upkeep and I send my clients her way as well. She gets right in there and works things out so I can leave feeling better and more relaxed. I recommend you see her, you won't be disappointed!"
197	1	It honestly takes them forever to bring food after you've ordered it. It really doesn't even matter if they're busy or not nor does it matter what you order it will be a long time before they bring it. I must admit other than that it's a cool dive bar.
11	3	"Disappointing. Bolt is a follow up of Fanny's Fabrics, which closed. Like Fanny's, the selection is small. The fabrics lean toward contemporary. They also have a small stock of fabrics that you can order; however, they don't have enough room to display their selections, so it's like trying to paw through your closet when it has twice as many clothes as the racks were meant to handle. The woman who works there most of the time is very nice and helpful. However, my mother and I both bought fabric there, and we both had the same problem: the employee helped us calculate our yardage without taking the repeat into consideration. I brought my pillow forms with me, so there was no doubt exactly how large they were. My mother was able to make her project work, but I came up a pillow short. By the time the pillows were made, I realized I was short, and I returned to Bolt (all in a month's time), the fabric had sold out, with no plans on reordering. Fortunately for me, I was just making a number of large throw pillows. Now I don't have the number I wanted, but I can be flexible. What if this had been an upholstery job and my piece was partially completed? Obviously, unacceptable. My advise is to feel free and shop here, but figure out your measurements on your own."
988	3	"I walked in early afternoon, and my initial impression was very, very nice. The salon was clean! The salon owner, Tamara, greeted us right away and was very pleasant. The nail color selection was smaller, but I liked the fact they had a good selection of O.P.I. and Essie in all the colors that are in style right now. Tamara did my pedicure and she was very friendly. She even offered me tips on taking care of my nails at home in between manicures and pedicures! I liked that she established a rapport with me right away. By the end of my visit I knew all the ladies and they were all professional. The prices are pretty reasonable and I like the menu of services that they have. If you are looking for ""Official"" nail care this is your place. I will be back!"
628	1	My favorite Vietnamese restaurant in town. I love the pho and the vermicelli bowls. I've tried many other places and none compare.
233	1	Best pedicure I've had in a very long time! Definitely going back. My manicurist took her time and gave me the royal treatment. I highly recommend.
734	1	Wow. Amazing hamburgers. First visit. Thanks yelpers for a correct review. Had to try the prime time burger. OMG delicious. Poblano burger very good. Sunrise burger delicious. Classic burger so good. Fries and sweet potato fries great. Will definitely make plans to return next time we are in Austin.
655	2	"We used ADBF to board our very hyper German Shorthaired Pointer, while we went to the East coast, two weeks before Christmas. He had a wonderful time, and came back all in one piece, with little energy to spare. I have taken him to a places before, where we got him back with a staph infection and many other issues. Everyone here is welcoming during drop offs and pick ups, and they are great when you call to check up on your dog. Huck Loves all of the staff, and other dogs. We will use ADBF for all other boarding needs!!"
242	3	"I went to comedor with my boyfriend for date night. I'm a huge fan of small plates, and comedor is the perfect place for a unique and eclectic blend. The food was DELICIOUS, but what was even more awesome was the ambiance. The place is small, dimly lit, but very lively. Tables were full, but we were able to immediately sit at the bar. I'm happy we did, because that's where all the magic happens! The chefs cook right behind the bar. Admittedly, I drooled the entire time while waiting for our food. They do give complimentary bread to start, so I didn't drool for too long. :-) Overall, this is a cozy spot for an intimate date night."
276	2	"Great stay. Very clean and friendly staff. Love the tv in the bathroom mirror. The rooms are spacious, the only negative is that their hallways are not decorated. Makes it feel not fancy as the rest of the place."
77	3	"If service is any indication, then I'm never going back. We were basically seated at a table by the host, then told quite rudely by the server that we couldn't sit there. Then we proceeded to watch as the host and server fought over whether we could sit there or not (while we were trying to scurry away). Finally we were moved to another server's section, who basically treated us like crap as well. I really can't figure out why we stayed? Cheap beer, I guess. The food is unremarkable (good wings, though), parking is a pain, and there are so many better places to go."
916	1	The food is good and it was rated A on the state inspection app whatthehealth. I wanted to leave a tip but they don't accept them. They say they want you to come back and their excellent service backs the statement.
698	1	"I am in love with this store!! Dropped in for a quick ring size and Joe was very courteous and designs some amazing pieces. I'm planning on going back with some stones and see what kind of explosion of creative genius can happen. Also... If you need custom yard art, this is certainly a place to check out as well!!"
444	1	So I only gave it a 3 because I didn't like my sandwich that was made with Jackfruit but the staff was very friendly and I appreciate this type of business being in the west end area.
594	2	"I don't know why the other people have given them a bad review. I ordered a lot of food last night for a birthday party. Not only was the food FANTASTIC , the people were very helpful in determining how much food I would need. The service was fast, the process was easy and they were very nice. I will go back for sure and would tell my friends to do so as well!"
67	3	"It's crazy how establishments on the west coast have so many more yelp reviews than places on the east coast. I find this extremely fascinating and I wish more people would be as passionate as the west coast has proven to me. It was recommended that we go here for brunch...needless to say whomever told me this, is a genius. Fresh brunch food, delicious infused vodka's, awesome buttermilk biscuits. I ordered the ""roll over"" two potato cakes that had a egg scramble with delicious sausage that wasn't gross and covered in grease and then all of this was topped with your choice of a bacon gravy or a mushroom and rosemary gravy. Personally, I chose the mushroom rosemary gravy and I think that it was hands down the best gravy I had ever tried. I might has well licked the entire plate because it looked like it when I was finished. The flavors were just right and I was shocked at the lack of greasiness that usual breakfast foods come with and their perfectly prepared dishes were done to my liking! Lastly, make sure you order the biscuit too because it's heaven baked in the oven for your enjoyment. Take care & savor it up!"
89	3	"Might be helpful if you were looking to buy, but if you need help with something you currently have then good luck getting any help or response. I walked into this place around 5:30p on a Tuesday and there are seven workers sitting around and no customers in the store. I went in to find out about a cracked screen on my galaxy I got three weeks ago- didn't drop it or have anything hit it to my knowledge. I figured it happens and was lucky I had insurance and was willing to pay the deductible. Some guy named Chauncey looked annoyed to have to help (which he didn't help at all so I don't know why he was annoyed). Immediately thought of everything they could say to get rid of me. I purchased at a third party store, not a corporate store (had no clue of this myself); I could pay $350 and cancel the contract if I didn't like it; I could buy a knew one. Now I know why everyone hates Sprint- they don't care about their customers. Then some other worker wanders over and says, ""you know it can crack if you carry it in your pocket"" and walked off like she had just saved the day. This place is terrible. It's obvious the workers don't want to be there. Stay away from this store and Sprint"
393	3	"Needed meat for a Sunday meal while on our biannual Tour de Glutton. My guide for the day said he knew just the place. What a great shop. Old school Butchers like Gartner's are a rare breed these days. Plenty of quality Pork, Beef, and Chicken product proudly displayed their chilled cases. A little bit of Salmon, various sausages, deli meats, and treats were also offered. A steady flow of customers were handled in a professional and friendly manner. We opted for: Pork Spareribs, some headcheese (just for giggles), two kinds of jerky, ham, and bacon. The result was a great rib dinner with fixins and money left in the old wallet. Will definitely return to this place to try out their marinated products, the pickled herring, and some sausages. My only regret is that they did not have pork belly on that day :("
154	2	"Visited this restaurant today for their new weekday lunch hour and was immediately impressed by the friendliness of the staff and service. However, after my Caesar salad with grilled shrimp ($8 additional) showed up, I was less than impressed. This dish comes with 4 pretty small grilled shrimp, that should really only be worth $4 at most. I even asked the waitress if that was all the shrimp it came with and she confirmed it was. Will not return to this restaurant as I don't feel at all that I got a meal worth what I paid."
673	1	"Their chile relleno en crema is one of Austin's best meals. It's also one of the few places in town where you can get real interior Mexican food -- pepian sauces, ancho chile sauces, and deeply rich moles. I'm pretty indifferent to the atmosphere but the food is outstanding."
417	3	"Wahlburgers is easily located in the new mixed use complex of Hingham Shipyard. Easy to find parking and the place is for a quick bite to eat so don't set yourself with high expectations it's a Michelin Award restaurant. My fave things that set out from all the burger joints popping up are the tater tots (regular or sweet potato) and the homemade buns (not THE Actual Wahlberg buns). Simple setup inside with hints of Dorchester and all the famous Wahlberg Movies and photos to make it a la Planet Hollywood. To the left, a full service restaurant and then to the right, quick take out. Simple layout of a menu, choose your meat, toppings and side. I had the BBQ Bacon Burger Turkey style - hellz yeah it was delicious! Jalapenos and bbq sauce dripping from the homemade potato bread like bun. then who doesn't love crispy bacon and to make yourself feel better about your health, a nice thick cut of avocado. It was good and set my expectations. Then the tater tots - crispy and salty but you do get a small size. I would go here again if I'm in the area and everyone has to try it once to reduce your stalking obsession over the brothers :)"
299	2	"I absolutely adore Fishbones! I haven't eaten at the tourist I-Drive location, but I've heard it sucks compared to the Lake Mary location. Everything here is excellent and it had some of the freshest seafood available. The sushi is pretty awesome, but I definitely suggest trying their oyster sampler appetizer. My favorite entree is the seared Ahi tuna. But definitely check out their daily specials. Sometimes they get in gigantic stone crab claws. The wine selection is great and they poor stiff drinks. Always a plus. The food is pricey but it's excellent as well as the service. The decor is great too. My favorite is the outdoor patio and the bar that's plastered with oyster shells."
726	3	"Today was my first time going to Whiplash and I will DEFINITELY be back!! Tameka the receptionist greeted me very promptly and offered me a bottle of water. Elise SLAYED my sew in and was sooooo FAST!!! She was also very professional and friendly! Excellent salon, the prices weren't extremely high and they sell hair so it's convenient also. UPDATE!! I went back to Whiplash and got some individual braids. I found out that Mika is actually the OWNER and not the receptionist (sorry Mika lol). Kim the braider did an AMAZING job on my hair. I've been receiving compliments literally since I left the salon. The customer service is impeccable and the stylists are very professional."
199	3	"I would definitely stay here again. Some of the reviews are a bit harsh.. and I'm not sure why. If you're a hotel/motel snob, then this probably isn't the place for you. However, if you want a comfortable, clean, affordable place to rest your head, with speedy shuttle service and decent cafeteria food within walking distance, than this is your place! The property is huge, so like the parks, be prepared to do a bit of walking! The nice thing about this, however, is that the various paths and trees and walking trails really scatter the guests throughout the resort so that everyone isn't right on top of each other. I also like the designated smoking areas which keep the cigarette smoke away from your room. My boyfriend is a smoker and he didn't mind walking to the benches to have a smoke before bed. The rooms are a bit small, but it was only two of us so it wasn't cramped and we were in the room so little it didn't matter anyway! I would suggest if you're a family of 4 or more to get an additional room that's adjacent. They have doors between so you can keep all your family together with side by side rooms. The food in the lobby is actually pretty good, despite it being a cafeteria. I don't know if we were just starving when we got back from the parks, but the Chicken Parmesan was pretty outstanding. They also have overpriced beer in the coolers if you're feeling tense. ;)"
510	2	"I've been going here for 7 years since moving to Newton and really can't imagine a better barbershop. Tony, Greg and their dad all do a great job and the feel of the place is very relaxed and welcoming - some of the people clearly have known each other for many years, others are brand new. They're also great with boys, and the fact that my wife enjoys taking our two sons (3 and 9) says a lot."
39	1	So sad to learn they are demolishing this. Always loved coming here and seeing all the graffiti art work.
206	2	"A good place for a break from the dining hall fare I usually deal with @ Wellesley.... I prefer Cambridge One for the same feel - gourmet pizzas and salads. It is a nice casual dinner - in addition, it is one of the few places in Wellesley (a dry town) that has a license to serve mixed drinks and they are good. The spicy chicken sausage pizza or blanco is the way to go."
530	1	"Mehhhh everyone raves about this place but I don't see the big deal. Staff was too busy gossiping to be attentive, food was ok. The only ""good"" thing here is the coffers, but I wouldn't go out of my way to get it."
943	1	"Amazing açaí! Authentic, fresh, healthy and energizing. Great location near south congress. I suggest the Chuck Norris for post workout or the Over the Rainbow add Avocado. Check them out!"
446	2	"Bloody Mary for the win! After a stint in Milwaukee this Bloody Mary can hold its own. Strong and spicy! As for the brunch we had the omelette, frittata and Caesar salad ( with limoncello vinegarette). The lemon dressing was awesome. Portions were big and good solid flavors. Pretty good value for the area with quantity and quality."
482	1	"The food here is delicious and fast! Shrimp tacos are the best item on the menu. I've had the shrimp blackened, fried and grilled and either way they are superb! This locally, family owned restaurant is my favorite in Apopka."
525	1	"I give four stars for the Manager and the food..Service was horrible, food was amazing and manager John is very experienced with guest recovery. Great ambiance and still kinks to be worked out. Would advise you to go at a slow hour for your first experience. Have faith it will improve."
768	2	"Went there for my little sisters 21st birthday and we loved it. Cocktails lived up to the hype, food was fantastic and our waitress, Julia was an absolute doll. Atmosphere was great for an intiment occasion. Definitely be coming back!"
635	3	"Kinda a pretentious strange dive bar. Full of lots of office jocks, and scantly clad plastic looking, women, good beer selection, good happy hour, terrible terrible food. Please do yourself a favor a skip eating here. Wings were just bones no meat at all. Seems like they were over fried and re fried. Slow cooked chicken was just Safeway roasted chicken with some day old bread toasted. In no way what so ever worth $16, a complete waste of money, no quality check. Server was running around like a mad person, not really doing anything, then she would disappear for 20min at a time. I'm not really sure what was going on with her. Then she was pissy when when we were ordering from the bar. Decent live music a bit to loud for the time. Emptied pretty quick once the musician started. He was good just to loud."
267	1	"Simple menu, reasonable prices. Delicious bacon, and the banana pancakes are awesome too. It's a great go-to breakfast/brunch joint with the kind of atmosphere you appreciate on a very lazy Sunday morning. Simple, straight forward breakfast option for anyone who lives in the area. I'll be back."
370	3	"The only reason that the Empire Landmark gets 3-stars is because of the phenomenal view from our room. If you can get a west facing, high story room then it's worth it. The only thing that could have improved that view is if they had had chairs out on the balcony. It would have been nice to sit there and enjoy a drink. However, now that I think about it, they probably want people to have to go to Cloud 9, their rotating restaurant and bar to do that. The hotel itself is outdated and we heard rumors that they are shutting it down, so maybe that's why they haven't updated it. Our room was clean, appliances and bathroom fixtures were old and in need of some love. The headboard of the bed banged annoyingly against the wall every time you even leaned on it. I feel bad for whoever our neighbors were. This hotel is also the only establishment we visited in Vancouver where I encountered irritated staff and sub par customer service. Again, if the closing rumors are true then maybe they are just disgruntled. Both front desk employees that we spoke to seemed to be irritated by our presence. We arrived very early and requested early check-in. I understand that early check-in can not be guaranteed but we were told to come back at noon (an hour after check-out) and our room should be ready. We walked around and had lunch and decided that at 1pm we had definitely given them enough time. The next front desk employee, also annoyed by our presence, told us that check-in was at 3pm, no exceptions. The WiFi was slow but free. Don't bother with Cloud 9. The drinks are over priced and mediocre. It takes a solid hour for the restaurant to make its turn, so unless you want to spend $50 on drinks or milk one for an hour, just go up there and walk around it and you'll get the gist. You have to be a paying customers to sit down."
915	1	"My family and I just love this place. We take all our friends out to Blue Fin for dinner; I eat lunch there 2x a month at the counter next to this lovely Japanese woman who probably eats lunch there every day. Food is fresh, sushi wonderful, people who work there very friendly. Not a fancy place , not too expensive, and a gem of a neighborhood restaurant."
678	2	"Hit this up with a group of friends and it was awesome. Good beef, good pork and a pretty solid mushroom burger coming from someone who doesn't usually dig on that hippy nonsense. The fries are cooked perfectly and they are rocking truffle salt. Truffle salt!!! Good call. Also, I think they make the fries out of Yukon Gold potatoes which is always the way to go. Can't wait to be back to try out some more bridges."
837	2	Richard was great. * Showed up on time * Focused on the areas I requested * Went the extra mile by organizing things! I really appreciated his eye for detail. I am going to request him again soon :)
967	2	"Location/Parking- Easy to find and there's a small parking lot. Customer Service: Very friendly staff Ambience: Very quaint with few tables, but that's all part of its charm. Food: So far, I've tried the pork and beef burritos, guacamole and beans with cheese. All were delicious with lots of filling in the burritos. I'll be back to try the breakfast and the grilled chicken entree next time."
559	3	"The best fried clams in the city (state? East coast?) are served at B&G, no question. Add the freshly made tartar sauce and it's heavenly! A good secret is that they take reservations on the day-of, after 11am. Sometimes you'll get stuck at a table that's too small for your party, but if you improvise, share plates and get cozy, you'll have a great time! Or sit at the bar and watch the chefs prepare each plate and shuck oyster after oyster - you'll even get to see Barbara in action every now and then. Try the rieslings that are on the wines-by-the-glass menu as a great complement to a salty, briny oyster plate. And save room for dessert!!"
842	3	This hotel never disappoints me!! Stayed here with my wife for our 1 Year Anniversary and the package we paid for was above and beyond what we were expecting. Mira called us the morning of checkin and went over all the details in regards to our stay. Jason our driver dropped us off to dinner and was there in no time to pick us up. Jason gave us 5 Star service! My wife told me that she felt like we were out of town so that tells you how great of a stay we had. Only down side of the stay was trying to hangout at the pool. Recommend you get to the pool early if you want to have somewhere to sit and hangout. Other than that we had a true 5 Star stay!! We will be back!!
568	3	"I bought a groupon for two for $59.00 for the sushi making class. It was a really great deal when a regular class at full price is $60.00 each person. The location is pretty nice. Brookline is very nice and fancy and despite not having a parking lot, there was a good amount of street parking to spare. The actually restaurant was small. Very small. I was quite surprised how small it was really. But when everyone spread out to all the available tables, there was enough room for you to make your delicious sushi creations. This is only an exception for this particular class, but because there was a party that reserved the time spot after our class. Our class ended up being extremely over booked. It says online that the maximum is about 12 people. I think we had about 23. So this very small room because CRAMPED. I went with my boyfriend an another couple. And we had to wait a while to get to the bar in order to get out ingredients. Then we were stuck in a spot behind the counter, in the corner without a knife to cut our sushi. There were a lot of ingredients. Crab, cucumber, spicy tuna, salmon, smoked salmon, regular tuna. It was a lot to work with, which was a lot of fun. I don't know much about Sushi though, so I was always wondering 'will this taste good together??' So I wish they gave out a paper wither what some sushi has in it to mimic. We ended up making about 4 rolls each because we were the only people not able to cut our Sushi and eat it like all the others. The teacher was VERY nice and funny and I'm not sure if it was his wife that was helping or not, but she was very nice and fun too. We took the C1 beginner's class and in the beginning we were given a sheet on how to make the perfect rice, which was really helpful and answered a good amount of questions. All in all. I'd really like to go back and take a more accelerated course and just hope that the class isn't over booked that time."
293	1	"As a Nepali person, I get asked the difference between Nepali and Indian food a lot. It is a subtle difference for the most part, but as a native or an enthusiast, not a very difficult one to grasp. Something to keep in mind is the geographic diversity of Nepal, it deserve a write up, that I my not be entirely ready for just now. Traditionally, Nepali food is less intense in terms of spices and sweetness. A lot of ""Nepali"" restaurants actually try to imitate Indian food to cater to a larger clientele. Honestly, I believe this is where most Nepali restaurants fail to deliver. Tibetan/Himalayan, Newari, Indian/Madeshi alongwith regional fares (I would be hard press to express this entirely) is what makes Nepali food. The curries, dumplings and noodles are all there, but they are different. This restaurant does it the best in Boston area."
878	3	"After my bad experience, the office manager called me and told me that they would not fix the carpet they messed up, despite saying they would on here and over the phone because of my yelp review. She actually said that. I'm no Yelp expert, but that seems like it should be against some guideline. If I hadn't been honest about my experience on here, my carpet would have been fixed by Peace Frog. When I reminded her about the 200% guarantee prominently displayed on their website, she said I needed to make an appointment with another cleaner and someone from peace frog would discuss the damage with the new company. In other words, I needed to jump through a bunch of hoops and take more of my time to get them to honor their guarantee and fix the carpet that they made stink. Still, I wanted it fixed so made an appointment with a new company. And I tried calling peace frog back to tell them when the appointment with the new cleaner was, but they conveniently did not answer or return my calls. Then, the owner showed up at my house with a refund check without any warning or prior notice. I was alone with two small kids asleep in the house and having this angry guy just appear at my door (He was also upset also about my yelp review) was startling. He seemed to think the refund, while genuinely appreciated, would finish things, but they don't just advertise a refund, they say 200%, and my carpet was still stinking, so I told him when my appointment with the new cleaner was. While standing on my doorstep, he refused to come in and look at (or more importantly smell) the damaged carpet just a few feet away. When I asked if he would pay for someone else to fix it, as the office manager suggested, he told me no, adding that if I had a problem with that answer, I could write about it on Yelp. Very clever, very unprofessional. But a helpful suggestion none the less. So now I am. My experience indicated that Peace Frog's ""200% Peace of Mind Promise,"" if it actually exists, could use an Astrix by it saying something like *""only if you promise to not talk about how we screwed up on Yelp."" In the end, I was left worse off than when I started, having to fix a problem that didn't exist before they came to my house. The only upside is that this experience led me to another carpet cleaner in town that does reasonably priced, quality work."
109	3	"This is my new spot for a good burger. Drew and I visited this restaurant on Friday, July 11th. Initially, we went there to get a special milkshake. They serve shakes with a little alcohol. Yes, a little alcohol. The decor at Grub Burger is modern. Sleek. We were confused at first when we arrived, but a server came up and explained for us to take a menu and order in the back. Drew and I shared The Front Porch burger (just a regular burger with lettuce, tomato, onion, etc.) cooked medium-well, onion ring and a Java Jitters spiked milkshake. The Front Porch Burger was delicious. The meat was fresh and tasted like a burger should taste. They advertise on their menu that the hamburger is actually brisket and ground chuck. I loved the bun. The Java Jitters milkshake was too sweet and I really did not like the big straw. Also, there is very little alcohol. i prefer Grindhouse milkshakes instead. The onion rings lacked seasoning. Very bland. They had other menu items that is different from other burger joints like Burgers That Don't Moo, crawfish pistolettes and they have an array of signature drinks. Overall, I'll be back and would recommend this restaurant."
148	3	"Point #1 - Haggle Free? Now if you know anything about the East Coast, you know that EVERYTHING gets haggled and negotiated. I have this down to a science. I am the chick that all sales reps eventually cower in fear from and pour themselves a stiff whiskey after selling | not selling me a car | truck | couch | designer purse | [insert purchasable item here]. Imagine my surprise when I move out here that in addition to no Dunkin Donuts and Chinese Food delivery at 3AM, Honda is a HAGGLE FREE ZONE. Simply unacceptable. I pleaded with them to REDUCE THEIR PRICE. Of course, there is HIDDEN MARKUP and stuff. Take it down. Do it NOW. I NEED the satisfaction of knowing that I beat my sales rep to a quivering pulp of low price jelly with elaborate tactical accuracy.. Winning is what fuels me. Instead, they offered me this non-negotiable price. I tried everything I could. I plead. I whined. I walked out the door (and then I came back). Nothing worked. Negotiation, haggling and bargaining is my life. My soul. Conclusion: I don't like non-negotiable pricing. Bleh. Point #2 - Prices are insane?? Once upon a time in a land far far away (New Jersey), I bought a Toyota from a dealership. Somewhere in that dealership there is a photo of me standing in front of a Toyota 4 Runner. Now I was not exactly photogenic for that photo (chubby, yet adorably cute. A big shout out to Toyota and Weight Watchers!!! Now buying a car from them was a BIG DEAL!!! In addition to taking my picture at deal end, I was treated like a princess descended from elite royalty. I was provided the finest of coffee and offered sugary confections whilst we negotiated. My salesman was well schooled in fueling grandiose delusions of carefully coiffured women. He played the game well. I am also quite sure that I received a steak dinner out of the deal as well. Kudos to you Toyota Salesman of Yonder Years in the Kingdom of New Jersey.... Now I think it's clear what's important when you buy a car. Price, honesty, integrity and all that. However, when you're middle aged and have binged on all available episodes of Brady Bunch | Fantasy Island | Love Boat and have grown weary of the young with all their Twittering, Blogging, Vee-logging and self-gratification, there isn't much to look forward to other than going to bed before 9PM, Channel 12 news and Geritol mixed with prune juice. If you're going to take away haggling and negotiation, please replace it with a special room for those over 40 including video games | trivia | improv | snacks | 80's one hit wonders | high quality beverages (preferably alcoholic) and karaoke. This was my second time at this dealership. The Salespeople were efficient but I need more than that. I need entertainment and a feeling of victory when I purchase things in this price bracket. I crave these things, like people crave sugar and that feeling of fullness after stuffing oneself at the annual turkey dinner. I need to wave my keys around and strut... because I bought this car. Finally after years of denying myself the luxury of heated seats, I have given in. I am one with the universe now... I am a diva and my bottom is warmed... all because of my new Honda. There needs to be much celebration. So sadly no disco dancing can be had here. The showroom is pretty elaborate, lots of mirrors, people wearing suits/dresses and a fancy shmancy staircase that looked like the ballroom in the catering hall where I had my wedding back when grunge was king (ew). All that was missing was a huge table of fresh pastries and a DJ playing that awful macarana coordinated dance crap that I was forced to participate in. I felt just a tad out of place in my torn jeans, high topped converse sneakers and unicorn cat t-shirt. I think there was some grandiose plumbing fixtures in the ladies room that reminded me of those high priced remodeling jobs you see on HGTV. Yes I do wish I had a miniature waterfall in my apartment bathroom. I really do. Anyway, it's rather nice, so you might want to dress up a little before your visit. A tiara should do nicely. Summary Despite my ranting above about things that only matter to high-maintenance middle aged women transplanted from NYC,this experience went well for me. If you want to buy a car without hassle (cool) or no negotiations (ew), from well-versed, experienced and pleasant, sales (peoples) who briskly handshake and get the job done quickly, please feel free to buy a vehicle from them. My name is VixenZilla and I endorse Beaverton Honda..."
99	2	"Good may have been good if my server Megan T actually used a pad and took people's orders instead of guessing and just putting whatever she thought you wanted in front of you. Manager offered discounts because everyone else in my party ate but me, and still charged me for bad food. Stay away. Place next door (Hennessy's) had great food and specials. Thanks for charging me for food I didn't eat and trying to pacify me with discounts you never applied. Boo.....boo......on the right side theTV's are in good spots to watches you eat.....well try to eat"
381	2	"Kind of a ""mini"" Whole Foods. If you want a kick ass salad bar (and who doesn't?) go to the one on Ponce. This place does make a mean sandwich, killer sushi, and takes care of most of your shopping needs. Just lacking on the salad bar... that's pretty much it. Oh, and if you come during lunch, you are pretty lucky if you get a place to sit; unlike the other Whole Foods in the area, there is practically no where to sit and enjoy your recently purchased over priced food. HA!"
345	3	"The only problem with Flip Burger Boutique is that Richard Blais isn't cooking your burger. I have no doubt if he or someone with a similar skill set was in the kitchen, Flip Burger would be 5 stars. You are giving 5 star ingredients to a burger flipper, which isn't quite going to cut it. We started off with the poutine appetizer. Poutine is popping up everywhere lately. This version was underwhelming. There really wasn't any meat in this dish. The fries are cooked in beef fat and the gravy is chorizo based, but I couldn't find much chorizo in it. It should also have cheese curds, but those were absent as well. What we had here was a savory creamy sauce poured over french fries, topped with two fried eggs. Unfortunately the egg whites were still runny, which I'm not a fan of. It's amazing that it's so hard for a cook to get the yolks runny and the whites cooked. There was plenty of fries so my buddy and I kind of just left the ones that were touched by the clear uncooked egg white. 2 stars http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/flip-burger-boutique-atlanta?select=nxZc_vqqUeAxzWFcWMhzXQ I was very excited to try a Milkshake here, specifically the Krispy Kreme shake. I don't know if they blend up an whole Krispy Kreme glazed donut in there, but it sure tasted exactly like drinking one. It was delicious. My only disappointment was at the use of the liquid nitrogen. Of course if you've watched Richard Blais on Top Chef, you know he enjoys using it. So these shakes have Liquid Nitrogen added to them. Unfortunately this molecular gastronomy technique was left to our server/ hostess. It consisted of her pouring a little bit of liquid nitrogen over the top of the milkshake, which made it smoke a little bit. This can't be what Blais intends here, as it added nothing but a little flair. I've had ice cream blasted with liquid nitrogen before and it's usually used to get a crunchy outer shell, which would have offered an interesting texture. It also can be added to the process of making ice cream which lends itself to smaller crystals, thus giving it a smoother texture. This was a pretty smooth creamy shake, so perhaps that's what's going on here. The top of my shake that had the liquid nitrogen poured on it was a goopy mess. 4 stars http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/flip-burger-boutique-atlanta?select=V7XgrE_YOV-BkIJe2xLdXg As for the burger, I went with the Earth & Turf Burger. This patty is a blend of ground beef and ground mushrooms, and I loved the blend. It was topped with caramelized onions, sautéed mushrooms, gruyere cheese, pickles, and a delicious mushroom mayo. Lots of little chopped up pieces of mushrooms were mixed in with the mayo. If you love mushrooms, this is your burger. I ordered it medium rare. From the first bite, I thought this is a 5 star burger and outstanding. Unfortunately the burger flipper, didn't give me a medium rare burger, or even a medium burger. It was closer to medium well, and fully cooked all the way through. Now the quality of the beef saved it. It was still very juicy and I enjoyed every bite. However, the burger flipper's job is to do one thing, and that's pretty much cook a burger correctly. A real chef wouldn't have messed that up. Even still I'm giving this burger 4.5 stars. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/flip-burger-boutique-atlanta?select=YAVwD_oolsY8kSVS4LAnhQ My buddy also enjoyed his burger, but it was also medium well, rather than the medium rare he ordered. We were the first diners of the day and ours were the only burgers the cook had to pay attention to, so it's not like he lost track of them. Oh well, that's the problem with a chain style restaurant where the Top Chef is absent. And lack of execution keeps Flip Burger from getting 5 stars from me. But I'll be happy to eat that over cooked mushroom burger anytime. *Also of note, they say they are open until 11pm, but we were turned away at 10:45 pm, which we weren't too happy about. If you don't want to take customers up until your closing time, then change your closing time to when you do want to take them. 10:30 or whatever. But to turn someone away while you are technically still open, only ticks off the customer. We almost didn't return the next day after being treated like that. Most people wouldn't have."
134	1	"This is the best place specially during summer evenings . They do provide outer dining area , which is really beautiful . Staff is very friendly .food and drinks are good"
544	1	"Love this place!! No matter what lady I get she always does a perfect job. The service has always been quick and neat, and a mani/pedi is only $30."
244	2	"Still a fan of the maki and the specials, but I've decided that everyone should pass on the margaritas. I've tried several of their unique margaritas, which sound fun but taste awful. I had the watermelon one last night and couldn't take more than 2 sips because it was so sour. Stick with their beer or saki."
135	3	"So we sat at the bar after a 45 minute wait. Excited to try what I remember to be great coffee, I ordered my food and a Lavender Mocha. We watched as they prepared our coffee. When it was done, however, instead of serving it to us (seated right in front of them), the coffees were put a few feet away (within arms reach) on the till. We waited and watched as the coffees just sat there. Several waitresses passed by ignoring the coffees. After 10 minutes somebody decided to finally serve them. They were completely cold. I really don't see why this happened. We both ordered Cassoulet. It was bland, greasy and low quality. I'm surprised to say that the Tangine I ordered the last time I was here was actually better tasting, which is rather sad as I imagined the Tangine was a bad exception. There are some things that were still delicious. I love the waffles still. And the focaccia is great. But for the high expectations that arise from the price, hype and 45 minute wait each time, Cafe Medina is absolutely awful."
590	3	"I love Forest Park. I live in St. Johns and go there at least 3 times a week with my dog to wear her out. I spend most of my time on the Newton Road trailhead and have a few loops around there that I love to watch change with the seasons. Confession: Forest Park has a strict leash requirement which I consistently break with my dog. I know this is bad and naughty. I do keep my dog under control and as a canine good citizen and wildlife conservation dog, she is very well trained. That said, I have a big concern. The last time I was in the park, a park employee or volunteer was out spraying herbicides on the blackberries to get rid of them. They told me my dog should be on leash because, 1.) them's the rules and 2.) the herbicide can cause serious eye damage to animals that come in contact with it. As long as we stay on the trail, it should be fine, they told me. This concerned me greatly because, of course, I don't want my dog near any kind of herbicide that can make it go blind and more importantly, no one gave that memo to the wild birds, rodents and mammals that live in the park. Such a bummer! I'd happily thrown in extra time to help eradicate blackberries manually or contribute to a fund that would employ workers to tear out the blackberries in a way that doesn't involve dangerous poison. Anyway. Yelp always filters my reviews, so this will probably never see the light of day, but thought park fans should know that there are dangerous herbicides being sprayed throughout the park and to be careful not to let your dog come into contact with them."
158	2	"Listen....landscapers are a dime a dozen so how do you know whom to trust.? Let James Sierra and Sierra Out Door Living change your mind the way he has changed mine. The usual stuff sure but.......replacement of dead Mexican palm trees, powerwashing, irrigation installation and repair and metal fencing are just a few of the things he is great at. I have even referred him to my Homeowners Association and they report the same as I have described. If you are a property owner or are a property manager give him a try!"
459	3	"This is a nice place to throw a party for a small child. So nice, in fact, that after attending two parties here I decide this was the place where I would host my son's first birthday. My issue is with their customer service. I've been trying to book a date for three weeks now and I can't get them to give me the time of day! Initially I called to gather info about the party packages. I gave the woman on the phone my email address, phone number, and preferred dates and she promised to email me once she checked her book and found availability. A week later, not having heard back, I went on their website to book the date on my own. Unfortunately the link was broken so no go! Then I called back to book it on the phone and got voice mail. Left a message. A day later, still no call back! Maybe they are just so busy that losing a new customer is of no concern. Doesn't seem like a sustainable business model to me."
368	1	"If you are bored of the parks, you got to take a class here! It was a little scary at the beginning but totally worth it! It was a birthday present and im definitely coming back with my friends.. Highly recommend it, but is not for everyone.. You have to be a little crazy hehe"
838	2	Stopped here for lunch before a road trip. I had the grilled cheese and fruit bowl. It was ok. Nothing exciting but not horrible. Mom got the short stack of banana nut pancakes. She said they were good but not awesome. Very generous portion as she couldn't finish them. I'll go back to try it again.
884	2	"The bar area had a very classic look, with lots of dark wood. The seating was elegant, with wooden chairs and white fabric table clothes. I loved my drink and the bartender was even nice enough to try making a new drink I had heard about. I loved the music in the background, it was at the perfect volume. Definitely would come here again."
366	1	This is my fav pizza place. I always eat here after I smoke or when I'm hungover and it is heaven on earth sister. A little pricey but I guess it's fine because I recently got a merit increase I love it tho
405	3	"Went here last Sunday for brunch with a group of 4 and was able to get right in, even though I had heard reviews of groups waiting up to an hour for a table. I ordered the Eggs Benny and added the heirloom tomato slice which was an additional $2 fucking dollars. I thought it was an above average eggs benny, not the best I've ever had but not bad by any means. The potatoes that came with it were really well seasoned and crispy. I also shared the burger, which was really good and had Laurelhurst Market bacon, pickled zucchini, and heirloom tomatoes on it. The burger was good, but the bacon and veggies were what really made it. My only qualm was that the bun was way to big proportionally to the burger inside. The atmosphere was pretty cool, it was kind of industrial with brick walls and in a partial basement. Service was good overall but I couldn't hear the server at all, I just kind of nodded through our entire interaction until I left."
946	1	"Wanted authentic Mexican food, small restaurant but still got what I wanted.. Great service delicious food. I ordered the stake with enchilada topped with mole, beans, rice plate. With a chile relleno on the side!! Uuummmm"
425	2	"I have lived in ATL for 11 yrs now. I had ""heard "" about Jacks pizza from friends. They would have these looks of they feel sorry for me on their faces. I wouldn't think anything of it. But last nite. My life was changed. This is the diriest crazy good. Keep talking about how good it is while you eat it. Wish you had more room cause u greedy and you want more good pizza !!! Are they slow? Its not so much slow as this pizza takes a while to cook. But nobody is really ""hustling "" in the joint. But man. Who cares...the pizza was worth it! Get some of the siracha candied bacon. Personally I feel like they should give you more for 2.99...but hey its tasty!!!"
927	1	"This place has its mix of good and bad stylists. I think 72 (includes tip) for a haircut (above a new talent) is a little steep, but maybe that's just me. The lady I went to did an okayjob, but she cut my hair a couple inches shorter than we agreed upon. However it ended up turning out well and she was very polite."
911	2	I just had an amazing massage by Jessica. If you have any type of pain anywhere she will take care of it ! She also asks questions in regards to what you like an dislike and what you'd like her to focus on. She incorporated stretches and seemed to be extremely knowledgable about the body. I was very happy that she pin pointed areas that needed work. I just booked a 2nd appointment next week
865	1	"I only went in super briefly to buy the sample packs they carry, but I liked how kind and eager to help the owner was. Fumerie carries niche lines, most of which I've never tried. I can't wait to come back and get tailored recommendations from the owner! A must-visit for all perfume lovers!"
941	2	"Quite a noisy establishment. Service is ok but certainly nothing beyond mediocre. There were hardly any vegan options which I found somewhat baffling since this restaurant is located in a very progressive area where many educated and health conscious individuals live. The waitress did try to accommodate me and they had 1 entree which is true vegan. But that's it, aside from salad and sorbet. Parking is fairly good. Staff is friendly but in a very robotic and scripted manner. After reading the owner's reply to my comment, I felt I needed to reply. I appreciate the courteous response. I do not agree that 1/500 customers are vegan. That statistic is misguided. What source are you getting your information? Secondly , I was invited to your restaurant for dinner and had no choice. Having said that I feel your establishment just was not the right fit for me . Thank you for being honest and best of luck."
50	3	"This a great place to go to be social with a group. I went yesterday and had to wait in line ten minutes just to get in, but no big deal, as the newest addition to Kendall Square the ""new"" factor of State Park delivers on the hype and is worth the wait! The place was packed but it somehow did not feel crowded and while we were only there for drinks I will be back for the southern food. The bar tenders kept everyone happy in the crowded restaurant and with good Juke Box tunes, fun shuffle board and great decor all of the ingredients were primed for a fun fueled night. Kudos to the female bartender for making me and my friends 8 Moscow Mules and one great dirty Vodka Martini. The group all agreed - delicious, 8 for 8! A raucous good time in the always fun and classy Kendall Square. If you're bar hopping near Inman and Kendall save yourself the walk to Central and crash the party at State Park."
343	2	"This place is really good. Service was fast and efficient. No people screaming from the back which made our dine in experience even better. The food was delicious and the prices were favorable. I would definitely recommend the sesame chicken and orange chicken when they have it. The inside of the restraunt was very calm, well lit and clean. Give these guys a visit."
186	2	"We have stayed here the last 4 years for a event in Disney and it has been great ! The furnishings are lovely and the design very different ! The service has been very good . My only complaint is the restaurant upstairs in the lobby ""Blu"" is overpriced . We could not get a reservation till quite late , but we ate down at the Tesoro cove and it was excellent . Farm to table... fresh pasta all the salad you can eat was very reasonable . Breakfast there was excellent also . We had a wonderful visit !"
815	2	"There was only one flavor of bubble tea at that time so I guess I would get it sooner than I thought. The truth is the people who ordered after me got their drinks first, and one of them ordered the same drink. The cashier, who was in charge, I assumed, didn't feel sorry when I complained, and joked with the staffs who were making the tea in Mandarin. So I talked to her again in Mandarin, repeating what I said earlier in English, and she provoked me by telling her colleagues to ease and take their time to make my bubble tea. The drink is ok. I could taste some taro in the milk tea so I could tell it wasn't just some flavored powder in it. But the service is the WORST."
784	3	"Not a fan. My husband and I went today for lunch, only 2 other tables occupied. I was really looking forward to eating here after reading all the great reviews on Yelp. So, while we were eating I wondered if we just got the wrong dishes since our experience was so different than the reviews on here. First I wanted guacamole, but no way was I going to pay $9 for it. So we passed. The online menu shows it is $3.50, but on the menu we only saw it for either $9 (or $10 if you wanted it made at your table). I did not see the offering for $3.50 on the menu. The menu they show online is not the same one we got in the restaurant. I had the enchiladas supreme, $9.75. It is 4 tiny enchiladas (one each of beef, chicken, bean and cheese), with a large pile of lettuce with a few tomatoes and a dollop of guacamole and a dollop of sour cream on top of them; this topping makes it look like a lot of food, when in reality it is not; no rice or beans come with this dish. I am very grateful that I asked for the mole sauce on the side as I did not like it at all. The beef enchilada had beef with the consistency and taste of the beef from Taco Bell, only edible if you are starving. I have no idea what was up with the cheese enchilada, but whatever it was it didn't even look edible. It was a solid glob of yuck. The chicken enchilada and the bean enchilada were both okay, but nothing special. My husband had the Enchiladas Verdes, two chicken enchiladas with rice and beans. Again, the chicken enchiladas were okay. His enchiladas were also piled high with lettuce and the tomatoes, guacamole and sour cream making it look like more food than there actually was. His rice was not good and the beans were okay. The free chips were okay, but thicker than I like. One of the salsas that came with the chips was pretty good, the other not so much, it had a bar-b-que taste to it. Our food came out in less than 5 minutes after we ordered it, which, to me, is an indication that it was not freshly made. More than likely it was already prepared, slapped on a plate and then microwaved for a couple of minutes. In hindsight, my husband thought the frozen chicken enchiladas from Amy's are better than the ones he had here. Service was mediocre seeing how there was only 3 tables occupied. The guy was nice, chips and salsa arrive at the table practically before your tail hits the chair, which is great. The water took a long time to come and the check took a long time. After that our waiter disappeared and we ended up taking the check to some workers sitting at another table to ask to pay. The food at Taqueria Del Sol and Bone Garden is much more to our liking and a lot different than the food at this place. So, maybe it is just not the style of Mexican food we like. We will not be back."
529	2	"I enjoy living at Avana! The complex is in a great location convenient to shopping, restaurants, and the interstate. The office staff (Brittni, Dereck, and Antwoin) are all super nice and professional. They do a great job with planning resident appreciation events and they respond promptly to inquiries. The maintenance crew is also very nice and responsive. I would recommend this property to anyone looking to make Atlanta their home!"
184	3	"Blood Orange Creamsicle you guys! Do I need to say anything else? My husband and I tried this place on a whim, we are devout Salt & Straw lovers but we were in the area and were feeling adventurous. We sampled a few flavors and I immediately settled on the blood orange creamsicle, it was a little tart with all the creamy dreamy goodness you want in a creamsicle. My husband got a hot fudge sundae. The sundae was a little unorthodox, chock full of crunchy and dark cocoa nibs, but he seemed to enjoy it. A couple weeks later my friends were visiting and I knew one of them would just die for the blood orange creamsicle. We happened to find ourselves in the neighborhood so we stopped. 3 scoops of creamsicle later and we were all happy campers. Pro-tip they also have a mini scoop, in case you want to indulge, but not too much! The point? Order the blood orange creamsicle you guys!"
642	3	"Definitely the best Indian food in town. I'm not used to Indian food costing more than $20 so the prices were quite shocking. I understand the dishes are unique and it's not your average Indian place. The menu was great, had a hard time choosing what to get. Good selection of drinks. Quite dim inside, good fast service. I hate places that you can't make a reservation at. What I did like about Vij's is that there's a lounge you can order a drink in and wait at until a table is ready. In the lounge someone comes around every now and then with some small bites too. My drink took ages to come, by then I was seated in the main dining area. I was told it'll take 30 minutes for a table but the wait was under 20 minutes. Tried the staff meal and got half order of Marinated duck breast in mango reduction and Kalonji curry. The half order comes with a whole bowl of rice and 2 pieces of naan bread. Half order is enough for one person. Duck was delicious! No complaints. The staff meal was a total rip off. Pork was delicious but beef and chicken and vegetables were just okay. The chicken was extremely spicy. Our server told us that most their dishes aren't spicy at all but it sure was! Overall really good food and service. Wish I could choose the level of heat, make a reservation, and prices were slightly lower!"
478	2	"Clean and modernized since the renovation! The ideal rest stop on the turnpike- it offers multiple restaurants, food court style, for whoever is on your car. Currently, it boasts a KFC, Natures Table, Wendy's, and a Dunkin Donuts. Restrooms are clean. The convenience store inside has cold drinks, snack and souvenirs. It is extremely child-friendly, with clean high chairs and a kiddie eating area, with small table and chair sets and hands on games. With FHP HQ here, it is extremely safe and well-lit, even at night. This is our stop every time we hit the road to Grandma's house!"
338	3	"First: CASH ONLY! Shady stuff Second, this is in a lot of ways a classically American Chinese joint, replete with the metal teapot and Chinese zodiac placemats, but the manager'll be quick to point out some more old school home-style Chinese stuff posted on the desk. Food is pretty mediocre. The ""chicken velvet"" is some kind of egg concoction that everyone around us seemed to be ordering but was seriously undersalted. The dan dan noodles were cooked too al dente and they used too much vinegar. I did find the manager sweet though--he was so excited to have Chinese people come. And he seemed so wistful as he stared out into the neon glow of the McDonalds opposite, hands loosely held behind his back like my old painting teacher. I suspect that he might've wanted this place to be so much more. And I think it could be, if they accepted credit. Seriously, it's like a 7 minute walk one way to the closest BoA"
254	3	"My roommate and I have lived here since 2014 and have had many of the same issues that many of the other reviewers have left. We like the convenience of the area and the rent is affordable compared to the other surrounding complexes, so each year, we have renewed or lease despite the lack of communication in the front office and the incompetence of the maintenance staff. You sign up for alerts and request phone calls before maintenance decides to enter your apartment (when they finally do come after 2-3 weeks since your request), and they call 1% of the time if that, and you can forget about the text alerts. We have had an ongoing issue with leaks that never seem to be fixed-- just a band-aid put over it. The walls and flooring are thin, or maybe they didn't put padding down when installing the carpet because it always sounds like an earthquake or WWF match coming from upstairs. I could hear a pin drop from upstairs-- I hear everything. Whoever is in charge of beautification of the neighborhood does a decent job, but they tend to neglect the breezeways and apartments that are on the back side of the building. I am constantly picking up garbage and trash bags -- yes, trash bags that have been tossed from someone's balcony and into the wooded area. Just because I don't live in the front of the building where everything is visible, doesn't mean I want to see trash every time I open my front door or look outside my window. I've complained about this several times and I'm always told that a $25 fee will be charged to the people who do this and that they will investigate the trash bags to find the culprit, but I know this isn't being done. Overall, we feel safe and have not heard of any dangerous incidents happening here, so that is definitely a pro. I can walk to the grocery store and run on a treadmill in the fitness center if I don't feel like driving to my gym. The leasing office and entrance of the neighborhood is nice. Too bad the apartments aren't just as nice, but you get what you pay for. They know us in the leasing office and at corporate. I don't think it means anything though. My roommate and I have learned to make the best of our living situation and I have hope that things will get better."
817	2	"College Optical is wonderful! They are always attentive and ensure that my prescription is up to date and correct. Their selection of glasses is incredible. At each of my visits, they spent time with me to pick out glasses, fit me for contacts and discuss my insurance benefits. Not once did I feel rushed or unheard. Most importantly Dr. Holland and the rest of the staff are always friendly, helpful and honest. 100% would recommend this business."
285	2	This is definitely a unique restaurant! We were here on a Friday night and were surprised to find people literally dancing on their tables with a DJ playing a mix of dance music and what I imagine was Greek pop music. The atmosphere was very loud but overall the food was great and the service was excellent. Worth checking out!
677	2	"Where's the kimchi, Taco Box? I'd been wanting to try this bright yellow food truck for some time, especially given its tempting location in a gas station parking lot. I finally gave in on a Friday night, and as I was the only one there I thought it would be the perfect time for somebody to rob me at gunpoint. I got the Spicy Pork Taco Box. It's a huge taco accompanied by lots of noshes including iceberg lettuce in orange dressing, spicy wings, a mystery egg thing and two mystery fried things. The taco was merely OK, the wings set my lips ablaze, and the mystery fried balls in mystery sauce were amazing. Sadly, there was no kimchi. This is a better option than Taco Bell, but hardly a destination."
777	3	"This place is truly exceptional! My big goofy pit bull managed to tear up her paws while out for a run and needed all four of them bandaged, and the staff here was just great with her. I imagine it must be pretty easy to find a good vet if you have an easy dog, but for owners like me with very particular pets, the demeanor and attitude of the staff is almost as important as their medical expertise, and the staff at Alpine is amazing. My girl was rescued from dog fighting so she, understandably, has some quirks--she is extremely dog aggressive, is very uncomfortably with men, and is a mix of very strong and very tender. I was SO IMPRESSED with how the staff here treated us--I told the receptionist before we came in about her somewhat peculiar needs and they were more than accommodating. They made sure that only female members of the staff handled her and they made sure that she didn't interact with other animals, allowing us to wait in a separate room rather than the waiting room and shifting some things around in their treatment area so that she wouldn't have to be bandaged up near other pups. Everyone we interacted with was totally comfortable with her breed and her demeanor (they were incredibly understanding of her dog-aggression and there was absolutely no judgement of her as a bad dog or of me as a bad owner, which we've experienced with other places) and I would strongly recommend this place to other pit bull parents. I was really impressed with Dr. scwartzman--she was very gentle with my girl and did a wonderful job building a little bit of a relationship with her in the short time of our appointment, and she also took the time to explain the injury and treatment thoroughly to me and made sure to answer all of my questions. The vet techs were awesome as well--they gave my pup plenty of treats to help her feel more comfortable (they even used a frozen container of baby food to distract her, which I think is brilliant) and they did an excellent job with the bandages themselves. Finally, the front desk staff was spectacular--they were super nice and super helpful and they obviously care about the people and pets they get to interact with. I felt that the pricing here was very fair--I'm surprised to see so many other reviewers complaining about the cost. Also, for me, the fact that they required an exam before treating her injuries was a huge plus--I wouldn't feel comfortable having a vet prescribe treatment or medication without first examining my dog, and at least to me, it seems far less a scam to get money out of unsuspecting owners and far more a hallmark of a responsible and well run medical practice."
829	3	"Me and The Piegon went this past Saturday around 4 in the afternoon. It was a good thing we got there when we did, because around 20 minutes after we were seated the rather small wait turned into a real Charlie-Foxtrot. There were 40 people lined up along the small front waiting area of the joint shooting daggers at those that were already sitting and enjoying their food. The looks were those of desperation and hunger, coupled with a few who looked like they were dragged there by their wives and girlfriends because it's new and cool and would rather have said screw it and headed to Neuvo Laredo just around the corner. The Piegon got the Butcher's Cut and I got the Flip Burger; we split the Onion rings. The burgers were exceptional and I liked the fact that they were not too big (5.5 oz), because when I left I didn't feel like throwing up or taking a diabetic nap like I do when I eat at George's or the Vortex. We actually had enough energy to head over to IKEA and pickup some picture frames. Speaking of IKEA, the join totally looks like it was furnished by the Swedish furniture giant. The white walls and modern red plastic chairs look like something from A Clockwork Orange. We split the Nutella and burnt marshmellow shake, it was O.K, nothing to slap family members about. Overall the experience and burgers were good and we will certainly head back over to Howell Mill Rd to eat there again."
550	3	"The 2 stars are for great variety. I would have given 4 stars but removed 2 for a failure of integrity for a customer oriented business. I shop big, & very recently since October 2013 having moved to a location close to Moody Street, have started to shop here. I am a customer who LOATHES to return things, & almost never have had to do it. Once in 15 yrs shopping at Market Basket, once in 15 yrs at Whole Foods, both times because it was a wrong item that I had bought. Incident 1. Early on, I bought some snacks that had gone bad. I called them right away & When I went back there was a little fuss but the young boy who took it back admonished me & said that I should not do it again (so it was my fault!) Incident 2. A 'sweet' famous in my region has recently been made & sold here in the US. I had bought it earlier in NY & it was excellent. SO seeing them in this store, i bought two boxes - upon opening the first, we found it tasted awful & it had a weird after taste. Having had the earlier experience, i was hesitant but did bring it up with a guy at the cash counter. He said they don't take back sweets. It was sealed and frozen but OK, i got rid of it (not cheap). Incident 3 was in two parts, so bear with me - I asked for 6 samosas, (so the same man who had politely told me he would not take back the sweets), packed them & wrote the number 6 on the outside. Upon going home I found 5 samosas....so figured that I must have been mistaken that samosas are a dollar each.....& that 6 must have been the price (which would make it 1.25 each). However I was there on Wednesday this week & saw that the samosas were indeed 1.00 per samosa, so there was a mistake last time. Seeing the same 'friendly' person who had packed them last time, I told him that he had written 6 but I found only 5 inside. SO making a genial point of his generosity/openness - he said to me, Don't worry, I'll give you an extra samosa today, 'neither you nor I are going to benefit from $1.00, (loose translation)'. So he put them in & wrote 6 outside & reiterated that there were SEVEN inside. I came home & as it was tea time, my husband opened up the samosa bag to toast - Imagine our disbelief & feelings to see that he had only packed SIX. There were no 7 in there. I am only a single customer, but I am feel I am a trouble free, good & loyal customer who goes back to the same business for ever. For me, I like the small local store connections & try to build it wherever I live. They just weren't/aren't interested or ready for a repeat customer like myself. I wish them well - they have some good & some great stuff - & I had to think it over a couple of days. But I can't do business if I am not treated right. So here I am looking for another shop....."
875	2	"Simard's in my mind was never designed for daily eating...it was designed for the late night, heading back home from the festive beverage serving establishment snack break. They have a variety of reasonably (cheaply) priced options ranging from pizza rolls to french fries to Roast Beef sammies. This is not the place you go to get dinner...it's where you go when what you need is the greasy goodness. I highly recommend it for late night dining. You may regret it in the morning, but at 1:00am you will be thanking the nice drive thru man for his patience and his speedy and accurate order taking!"
824	2	"Went here because of the positive reviews - I hope my experience was an anomaly, but I won't be coming back. Delightful waitress; rest of staff seemed like new hires that didn't quite understand customer service. Omelette and hash browns were uninspired, flavorless, and burnt. Ordered iced coffee, black, which also tasted quite burnt (I drink black iced coffee all the time - it's supposed to taste bitter, but this was definitely burnt). My candid opinion- I really do hope other people have a better experience here."
982	2	"First off, I'm not vegan, but my girlfriend is so we often eat at vegan places when we go out. I wasn't even hungry but thank god I ordered a vtopia club, and my girlfriend ordered the grilled Mac and cheese. I made a Yelp profile just to review this place. I just ate the best sandwich I've ever eaten in my whole life. Do yourself a favor and come try it. That is all."
179	3	"For electricity bill mishap: It might be National Grid or fire department's mistake but we were renting the apt from Riversedge and it was property manager's responsibility to inform us rather than pushing us away and acting ignorant. I agree you can charge us for repairing the wall if it was mentioned in the lease - which was not. Also, we asked property manager before we drilled those holes and he never once mentioned that it should be ""nail size"" or we will be charged for the repair. As a matter of fact, lease says that riversedge maintainence willl remove the toggle bolts - do nails need toggle bolts? These costs are minor compared to the rent we paid and as I mentioned before it's not a deal breaker but it should have been mentioned in the lease or clearly told before hand. No one like such surprises. Thanks for offering to reimburse but not needed. Its the inconvenience..... Lastly, As I mentioned in my previous post - Its a nice apartment but not proper support from staff."
749	3	"I'll start out saying I do my research before going to restaurants I haven't tried before and I love the raw, honesty of reviewers. I decided on going to Bosphorous as our anniversary dinner restaurant, over Texas De Brazil while we were driving to Orlando from Ponce Inlet (1.5hr away, no ethnic, fine-dining restaurants here up to par).. Bosphorous was actually second on my list. They have a great website with a full menu (and good music to boot!). The atmosphere was very elegant (as most Winter Park restaurants) and quite lonely on a Monday night (as most ethnic restaurants are in this area). We started our appetizers with the Turkish Ezme, which my husband nearly inhaled. It was described to us as Turkish salsa, and it was superb! So fresh! I am definitely looking that recipe up online. One thing to mention, you have to order the Lavas (Turkish large hollow bread) to eat with it. My opinon, have the bread come with the appetizer on the menu, versus ala carte. The bread was to die for, topped with melted butter and crisp sesame seeds. I barely got a handful of pieces, as my husband was wolfing that down, too! I loved the Turkish wine there, the winery brand is Yakut. Delicious, especially if you love a smooth, well-spiced but mellow red wine. After studying the menu, I decided to order the Yogurt Sis Kebap with rice instead of the buttered bread. My husband ordered the Turkish Pizza, him being a Pizza guy and all-around American that is just venturing into international cuisines. The owner then came by our table and introduced himself. Then, he explained what type of dishes he enjoys and mentioned that the kitchen is all Turkish cooks. I was so excited. He even improvised our food order to make it extra special, and my lamb more crispy on the outside. That was unexpected and that service sets the bar above average! He then elaborated on the origins of the wine and let us enjoy our dinner as it was then served. I cannot describe how delicious the meal was. I moved here from Dallas, and all throughout Texas we have several Turkish restaurants, as well as so many other ethnicities. This was truly the best Turkish food I've had in my life and I am a Spaniard. We finished the night off with a delicious cup of Turkish coffee, served the proper way on a Turkish serving tray! Our server was lovely and provided great suggestions. You really must try this restaurant and if you like intimacy, don't go on a weekend. It was awesome."
226	2	"My husband and I were referred to Sean by a friend who used him as a realtor a few years ago. Sean really knows the Austin (and surrounding area) market and was able to give us great insight. He is very down to earth and told us his honest opinions, and he is super knowledgeable about what pitfalls to look for and if you need to worry about this or that. He really helped guide us through the process as first time homebuyers. He has great recommendations for Home Inspectors, repair guys, and mortgage lenders if you need it."
928	1	"ARE YOU SERIOUS? they got that beef tartare?!? yessssir, it's pretty delicious. Don't even get me started on the shakes - them shakes bring all the boys to the yard, specifically me. All the other burgers are aiiiiiight, I'm not a big fan of putting sweet stuff on my burgers so watch out for that. The environment is pretty tight, they got that dim lighting going on so bring your woman."
0	3	"Apparently Prides Osteria had a rough summer as evidenced by the almost empty dining room at 6:30 on a Friday night. However new blood in the kitchen seems to have revitalized the food from other customers recent visits. Waitstaff was warm but unobtrusive. By 8 pm or so when we left the bar was full and the dining room was much more lively than it had been. Perhaps Beverly residents prefer a later seating. After reading the mixed reviews of late I was a little tentative over our choice but luckily there was nothing to worry about in the food department. We started with the fried dough, burrata and prosciutto which were all lovely. Then although they don't offer half portions of pasta we each ordered the entree size and split them. We chose the tagliatelle bolognese and a four cheese filled pasta in a creamy sauce with bacon, asparagus and grana frita. Both were very good. We split a secondi which was the special Berkshire pork secreto, which was described as a pork skirt steak with garlic potato purée and romanesco broccoli (incorrectly described as a romanesco sauce). Some tables received bread before the meal but for some reason we did not. Management also seems capable for when the tenants in the apartment above began playing basketball she intervened and also comped the tables a dessert. We ordered the apple dumpling with gelato and it was also quite tasty. Portions are not huge which I particularly like because I prefer to order courses. If you are someone who orders just a meal you may leave hungry depending on you appetite. Dining room was mostly younger crowd while the bar was definitely the over 40 set. Would recommend that the naysayers return to see the improvement although I personally don't know the former glory to be able to compare. Easy access to downtown Salem without the crowds on this month of October."
633	3	"""We'll cross that bridge when we get there."" But what if we need to cross a bridge just to get there? I'd cross a mountain to get to Sapporo. Momofuku and Baohaus have ruined Pork Buns for me, and I never thought I'd find decent ones in Boston. But at $5.50 for two, Sapporo's are a steal. And better than decent. Done deal. Miso has never been my favorite, but the Spicy Miso Ramen gives me a run for my money. Soft, dense grains of the white stuff glide down your throat, and if you add a red-hot kick of chili, you really start to taste the spicy ground pork. Yum. I've had no broth more perfect than the Kimchee Ramen with its chewy al dente noodles. The kimchee packs some punch, and an addition of spicy ground pork is just perfect. I never want to go to Porter Square, but it takes about the same amount of time to get to as Allston's Super 88, the only food court that rival the Shops so if you say Sapporo I'll come running. So keep up the good work Sapporo, I think you also put Lesley University on the map."
357	1	"I wouldn't say Rays is the most authentic restaurant for BBQ. It's serviceable at best but the sides are pretty good. My Wife loves the cornbread, beans, and greens. I believe they've shut down recently and I could see why because often times I've noticed you when you go by it's closed."
257	3	"I found them with yelp when I was in search of Stone Vertical Epic 080808. This is a long story about their Staff and Service. I had a very odd request- I just wanted to bottle (08/08/08 is my anniversary). I was so happy I found a place that still had this beer. I was even more ecstatic that they were so willing to help me get it. However, they couldn't ship it to CA with the beer. ( I wanted the bottle more than the beer) After many calls back and forth- I awaited an email to complete the transaction/arrangement. Just when I was about to call again and check up again on the bottle- there it was IN THE MAIL!!!! When we end up in MA- WE will come by and buy the crew drinks =) Super helpful! Great communication! There should be more business like this one!"
223	3	"JEREMY ROCKS!! I am completely bowled over that this rockin' haircut only cost $12. Went to Avenue Five for the first time after reading all these reviews. Had an appt with another stylist, but she was running late so I was put with JEREMY. Thank you, God! He is AMAZING and I'm thrilled to get in on the beginning of what will be his amazing career. He is an ARTIST. I brought pictures in to show him what I was going for, talked about how my thick straight hair lays flat on my head like a dead raccoon in the hot/humid summer, asked if he could please cut it (and show me how to style it) so that it doesn't do that. He did some amazing techniques (which my previous $90 stylist had never done), and my haircut is AMAZING. He explained everything, from how to blow dry to how to use the products to get the look I wanted. He was extremely professional, fun to talk to, and most importantly, extremely talented. He took his time to make my cut perfect (he says he's a little OCD, which I think is a good thing when it comes to haircuts) and while the cut took quite a while, it's PERFECT. My hair is adorable. I feel beautiful! Am going to take a picture today to post with this review."
493	3	"These cupcakes are TERRIBLE!! I've been to both the Chestnut Hill and now the Cambridge locations and both suffer from lack of freshness and a very artificial taste. Most recently, I got a 6 pack of cupcakes to go at the Cambridge location which cost me a total of $19.15 (about $3.20 each). When I got home, I realized cupcake carrier they use is not sufficient - the cupcakes are so tiny that they shifted around in the box and made a little bit of a mess (see photo). The cupcakes weren't for any special presentation, just to satisfy my late night sweet tooth, so I didn't mind their appearance. But I can not tolerate the staleness of the cupcakes and their very artificial taste - not when I'm paying $3.20 each for a cupcake about an inch and 1/2 in diameter!! I had a pink lemonade, rootbeer float, and a blueberry pie. ALL TERRIBLE TASTING! I don't even want the other 3 I purchased so they are going in the trash. The best cupcakes in Boston area is by far Georgetown cupcakes! Their store traffic is so high you never run into staleness. Their cupcakes also just have a rich quality with out tasing too artificial. Save your money and avoid Sweet Bakery!!"
537	2	"great lunch special $5.50 - chicken teriyaki and soda. clean, nicely decorated establishment. a good choice of sauces to douse with - Load up the Siracha 'til my nose runs and runs"
410	3	"I can't say enough about this place. We went there twice. The drinks were fantastic. We had a Vieux Carre and it was so good we had two! I had the French kiss pizza the first time. It was very good. But the best meal was definitely the meatloaf mountain. I can't say enough about this dish. It was delicious. The meatloaf was tender and juicy, the mashed potatoes were so flavorful and the mushroom gravy and fried onions only made it better. The service was amazing as well. It felt like we were waited on by every server in the house. If one of them walked by and thought we needed something, they stopped and took care of us. Definitely felt the love and highly recommend this one."
695	1	This is hands down my favorite pizza place in central Florida. After a recent trip to NYC I can vouch that A Touch of Basil is just as delicious and any of the shops I tried while there. Love it!
69	2	Was not that great. We sat for like 15 mins before getting our drink orders done. We were literally the only table in the restaurant taken. We had like 3 different waiters. Appetizers all came out within like 5-10 min intervals of each other. All 3 of us ordered 2 different rolls and it took like 30 mins to come out. Sushi was alright but I would say to much for the quality.
972	3	"Really closer to 3 and half stars. My friend and I were trying to go to Esparaza up the street, but they were closed on Sunday, so we meandered down the block to Fonda Rosa. Although we were seated quickly, the service was incredibly slow all night. Sometimes I like to have a leisurely dinner, so this isn't always a bad thing...but this was ""leisurely"" to the max. The food was very good. I got carnitas (the waiter recommended them) and my friend got pollo enchiladas. The homemade chips and salsa were (which had to be ordered separately) were gobbled up in no time. Fonda Rosa is a bit pricey. The place presents itself as a casual dining experience, but the margarita I bought was $10 and some of the entrees were over $20 (not all, some). This isn't the best place to just drop in to, but if I were planning a nice night out then I'd probably come back."
906	1	"The fact they didn't include the ""Famous"" on here irritates me. I was a doubter but, as a beef guy, I must say the best of the bunch. Roll it out rare and tender, 3 way please. Never tried anything else and likely never will. I've tried all the others and while good they simply aren't ""Famous"""
6	1	"The setting is perfectly adequate, and the food comes close. The dining chains like Chilis and Victoria Station do barbecue better. It's no surprise you can always pick up coupons for Linwood at restaurant.com."
660	2	"This is one of, I think, 4 full service bars in the Austin Airport. It used to have a wider draft beer selection but now it's just Bud Light and Miller Light (yikes). For better draft beer go all the way across the airport down by United. The sandwiches are also pretty bad, like the burger. Better off going to Thundercloud. But I was there in late December and there were people with Airport contractor badges being shown around and being told ""it's always packed"" at such and such times. because it's right next to the Delta gates, which operate the largest planes to Austin (757). So maybe it will be changing soon."
666	2	"Oh wow, yum. I went there last night and will definitely go back. The ingredients taste so fresh and flavorful. The place is really cute. My only gripe and the reason for giving it four stars is the waitress service was lacking. It took quite a while to flag someone down and I finally got one of the bus boys to take my order. (I was starved!) It seems they have a buffet. I'll be back to try that one day. At $13, it's the same price as most of the entrees and a great option for the indecisive like me."
55	3	"My husband and I shared the parmesan truffly fries. They were pretty good and plentiful. Two to three can definitely share. I'm a vegetarian and was going to order the La Bandita. However, the waitress suggested the goodnight burger with a veggie patty. It sounded great so I opted to try it. After all, this was my first visit to a Hopdoddy and she would know better than I would. Despite the different elements, the burger to me was very bland. The patty didn't have much flavor and there wasn't much sauce. (When the waitress pitched the burger, she said it have more flavor than the La Bandita because of the sauce. Since I'm all about the sauce, it helped to sell me on this burger.) Just a note on the Impossible burger: I'm a vegetarian that does not miss meat or the flavor of meat. Because this burger tries to replicate the texture and flavor or meat, it really turned me off. My husband went with the classic and added bacon and cheese. The burger arrived with only cheese (no bacon). He said it was alright but he didn't rave about it in a way that told me he was in love with it. We ordered a banana shake that was one of their feature items. It wasn't as thick and not ice cold as we would expect for a shake. It was much closer to room temperature and had a thin consistency. Would I go back? Maybe. I would definitely try the La Bandita to give that burger a shot. A quick note about the line: it moved pretty quickly. Once we got inside, a couple of spots opened up at the bar and the waitress invited us over to sit there. We jumped at the opportunity and saved about another 10 minutes in line."
700	3	"I'm on the fence with Teela Taqueria. I've eaten in once and had take-out once. Dining in one afternoon at 4pm I decided to sit at the bar with (as my lady friends put it) the Spanish version of Fabio. He was nice, albeit rather slow and seemed to be new at his job. I'll start by saying how cool it is that you can order off of Teela's menu, or from their neighboring sister restaurant, Tin Can Fish House and Oyster Bar. I opened with the calamari, which was crappy. It was only half breaded, undercooked, and kind of soggy. The squid was served on cheap plastic trays (are we in a food court or something?) and both tartar sauce and cocktail sauce tasted like they came out of a can. It's not hard to make either of those in house, I do at my own restaurant. A note on service: the calamari came out a good 20 minutes after I ordered it (usually takes 90 seconds in the fryer) but my tacos were prepared in a matter of minutes. That's not a good way to stagger a multi-course meal, especially with only a dozen customers present. The tacos were another story. I had the Pork Carnitas with Corn and Pepper Pico de Gallo, Onions, and Cilantro. The meat was tender and juicy, but a little too fatty. The tacos are loaded, and the corn pico/onions/cilantro was a killer topping. My next taco was amazing: Chorizo Stuffed Dates with Bacon Bits and Feta. The sausage was authentic and mildly spicy, which balanced out the sweet fruitiness of the dates. And bacon bits? Ahem, more like bacon STRIPS. Like 6 of them. Crispy, meaty goodness. There was a huge amount of feta, too much actually, but I just pulled some off. Unfortunately, a week later my friend brought me a Chorizo taco that was decent at best. The proportion of meat and toppings was way off, my bacon strips turned into bits, and something just tasted wrong. I also had their Brisket taco, whose meat was tender and tasty but the toppings/condiments didn't add up. Yes, I'll be back to try more tacos, maybe some beers after work. And if you like oysters I overheard the woman next to me talk about $0.25 oysters available one day of the week (Tuesday, perhaps?)."
380	2	"Very helpful staff who will listen to what your needs are and offer advice. When you visit, they'll have sample stamps to look at and example fonts printed up so you know exactly what to expect. I thought a little local spot like this would be too pricy for our non-profit, but I got a better deal than what I could find on-line. So worth it! Quick turn-around, too."
350	1	"I ate there on a Wednesday for lunch. I had the Miso soup, which was excellent. I had the Japanese Bento Box ""Chilean Bass"". Every component was perfectly prepared. The service was quick and friendly. Our waitress was excellent. I would definitely visit this restaurant again."
631	2	"It's a chain that tries to be neighborhood-y. It's okay, but my preference is to go to a real neighborhood-y place. Having said all of that, it was pretty good. In the Prado, this has an outdoor area that we used (I am part of the GW alumni network here in Atlanta). You're kind of on display for everyone walking by, if you're okay with that. We had standard bar food and it was fine - humus, fries, shrimp, etc. Note: the restrooms are like the ones at One Midtown Kitchen. Unless you notice and know that the red lights on or off outside of them means that they are occupied, you will yank on the door and try to open locked doors (and probably have the user nervously clench inside)."
62	1	"Fix the Beer. The hardware is the problem. At least 15 out of the 45 taps are faulty. Sorry guys, but I have given you 5 years and other customers will notice, Please Scott."
215	3	"Finally, a non-threatening and reasonably priced Brazilian BBQ! You have two options here: all-you-can-eat for $12 and change or pay by the pound. The unlimited option was definitely the way to go. Now, buffets can be tempting, but keep in mind that the best stuff comes right to your table ON A SWORD. We filled up our plates with samplings from the buffet, from various salads (the potato salad was my favorite), rice and beans, and a gigantic french fry. The fun begins when the skewers of meat begin to arrive, ranging from chicken wrapped in bacon to pork ribs, chicken sausage, and top sirloin. There's a definite joy in grabbing the meat as it falls off from being cut and tasting as much as possible. Be sure to pace yourself; this place is extremely laid back, there's no card to flip over to tell them to bring meat and they'll keep serving you for as long as you'd like. A special bonus was the live music on Friday night -- a singer with a beautiful voice and a talented guitar player -- offering up traditional songs, as well as their gorgeous arrangements of pop songs like Rock with You, Come Away With Me, and Hotel California. Highlight of the evening was absolutely Tears in Heaven. There's ample parking behind the restaurant and it's located conveniently in downtown Everett. The value is tremendous here for the amount of succulent meat and I've paid four times as much for less of an experience. I will definitely be back."
534	3	"I visited this location shortly after it arrived in Baldwin Park. The service was really slow as the staff seemed to still be figuring out how to run the machines. There was an advertisement for the YF app, so I downloaded it while I was waiting. When I showed the employee when I was checking out so that I could get a ""credit"" or ""punch,"" the employee told me this location didn't have the app capabilities yet. I got the yogurt with strawberries blended in. I was really disappointed in the texture of the yogurt. It was grainy. The taste was fine but I wasn't able to get past the texture, so I didn't finish it. Bummer. Maybe I'll go back and try it again. I hope the kinks will have been worked out and it's a better experience."
182	2	We had such an amazing experience with Hillarry! She photographed our baby Maxwell from newborn to 1 year and we love all of our pictures! She is so easy to work with and is very creative with everything she does. I can't say enough great things about her:) We will definitely be using Hillarry again when we have another little one.
487	3	"I have frequented this store fairly often since moving to Allston in September and even when I was living in Brookline. The owner is an older bald man- he runs the store with his equally bald son. I don't know about the son, but the owner is very knowledgable about his animals and really seems to care about them, though he runs his shop like a business as to be expected. The store is small and cramped and is often dirty, but this is to be expected at a small, independently owned pet shop. This man told me he has had this store for 40 years! We talked about rabbits (I have a Holland Lop) and he told me about how he was taking care of a Holland Lop rabbit that someone had literally dumped on the sidewalk outside of his store. His dogs (including a giant friendly Newfoundland named Sammy) and a pair of black-and-white cats serve as greeters and mascots of the store. I personally was not affronted by the smell of the place. Yes, it smells, but when don't animals smell when you probably have at least 50 animals and 2 people to clean? Even for that, it doesn't smell that bad- it smells like my rabbit's cage after a few days. The owner lets the parrots in the back of the store roam around sometimes and it's pretty dirty in that back room, so if you are willy nilly about those things, don't go back there. The prices are a bit high here but I consider that the price of supporting a family business. To address the claim of ""animal cruelty"" and ""unscrupulous breeding,"" I have never witnessed anything to say this. I will agree that a couple of the parrots have medical issues (there is one who likes to pull out some of his feathers), but I also know the owner often takes in rescued animals. All in all, I would recommend this place. If you are looking for a spic-and-span, glossy-floored store like Petco, go to Petco."
653	3	"It was my birthday so I wanted to do a date night with my husband. I am a child of the 80s and heard about this place and was eager to try it out. Hubby and I arrived early, after reading reviews about waiting for spots to play these retro arcade games. We got there around 8 and there was a nice, pleasant crowd. The music often surprised me with a throw back from my childhood (hats off to the dj). All of the games are free to play and there wasn't a cover. The beers were reasonably priced and I didn't mind paying a little more since we were playing free games. The decor was impressive. A very interesting cocktail menu...we ordered 'Weird Science' and it was entertaining AND not bad tasting! 15$ well spent since it was a beverage that was fun and delightful. The place started getting packed around 1030, 11 on a Thursday night. That's when you find yourself waiting for a turn on the games and so we called it a night at about 1130. Had a blast and couldn't stop ranting about it. The only qualm I Had (which also reminded me of my youth) was the temperment of the Atari and ninetendo, having to fiddle with the games to get them to work...which wouldn't discourage me to return! It's the nature of these vintage machines. Thank you Joysticks for allowing me to relive my youth vicariously through your memorabilia, music, and all your retro touches. For my birthday I was brought back to a decade I enjoyed thoroughly!!"
742	3	"I'm not a food trough kind of person, and prefer quality over quantity. It seems to me Hometown has kicked the quality up a notch recently, making it an occasional go-to place when I'm in the mood for massive meat product. There are several items I now like here. The baked chicken is perfectly done, juicy, and covered with coarsely ground spices. The pot roast is tender, flavorful and rich. Delicious. Surprisingly the steak isn't bad, either. You can get grilled sirloin every night, cooked to order. Clearly the meat is injected for tenderness and flavor, but it always comes out hot and fresh with consistent texture. I've had worse tasting and tougher at expensive steak places. Another surprising item is the freshly sauteed green beans which are available only some of the time, with sauteed onions and whole strips of bacon. When those are gone, the cooks open a can of regular green beans that are unseasoned and boiled. Not so good. The atmosphere is what you'd expect for a food trough, compete with human visual appetite suppressants waddling around you. It's enough for me to ratchet down the quantities I consume while still enjoying a few of the more quality items. Dinner is $10.99 and it's worth adding a drink for $2. Drink choices now include a guilty assortment of Icees with my favorite, cherry pomegranate. It's surprisingly good for a childhood dessert beverage. If you're in the mood to shovel decent meat in your face once in a while, give HomeTown Buffet a try again. I'm glad I did."
360	1	"My food was delicious (salmon, mushrooms and mashed potatoes) but none of my friends seemed to like their meals. Our waiter was awesome though!"
876	3	"Had a terrible experience here tonight, so much so that I'm writing my first yelp review. It started out with the bartender being extremely rude to us for no reason. He made fun of my friend's drink choice and acted like it was a chore to serve us. It was incredibly uncomfortable and unsettling. When we got seated, the waitstaff was clearly overworked and had no interest in us as customers. We got the mussels and a quarter of the shells were empty. The rest were literally the smallest mussels I've ever eaten. Then it took 45 minutes for our entrees and that was only after speaking with the manager. Overall the customer experience was awful and I will never eat there or recommend there again. The food was even mediocre."
139	2	"The wireless is spotty to the point of being useless. It was very difficult to even get this review posted, much less do a meaningful work-related task using the internet. I do not recommend staying here if you depend on a reliable internet connection. Staff state it is a free service so it should not matter if it works or does not work, and there will be no further effort to fix this ongoing issue. The quality of the food for breakfast was slightly below that of a school cafeteria. The waiter was surprisingly inattentive given that there was only one other table to serve (at minimum I expect a single glass of water). It takes about 3-5 minutes to enter the room due to the quirky key card system; one must insert and remove the card timed perfectly or the lock faults and the process need to be retried. In spite of the above, the beds were comfortable."
708	1	"Great HH and reverse HH everyday, and all day on Sundays (includes select sushi, appetizers, and sake). Sushi is high quality, recommend lobster roll appetizer, crazy roll, spicy yellowtail, and tuna. Seaweed salad and miso soup are cheap and tasty too."
451	1	"Such a cozy, warm spot with a great menu of offerings. Shared a pizza, salad, and app with the hubs and it was all great, including excellent service by maitre d."
75	3	"If this isn't your first time at the specialty coffee rodeo and if you know you're way around a pour over, burr grinder, and espresso machine then most likely you will be slightly annoyed that the baristas talk to you like you've never heard of pour over and that they are the only place in Boston that serves good specialty coffee. I know coffee, am passionate about coffee, and Im always looking for the best roaster out there. George Howell is a legend but the coffee here is honestly not that impressive. One story - I ordered an Ethiopian pour over and asked for it to be made on the machine instead of by hand as I wanted to watch the machine in action. I paid $4 with my CC. I was then told that they don't have any Ethiopian but they would make me Kenyan which is very similar (not in my opinion but ok I'll go with it - there was Ethiopian on the shelf so I'm a little confused... why can you just go grab it and make it for me? That is what I ordered.) Next I'm told they can't use the machine because it isn't on. Long story short I get my coffee after 10 minutes. And after drinking it I am never asked how it was, if I was ok with them switching out the coffee I ordered. I don't know about you but I expect more. I've decided that my coffee money is better spent elsewhere supporting people and roasters that are starting out. Sorry George, but ya let me down."
145	3	"I went to do my usual grocery shopping this evening got done collecting my items starting working my way to the registers, once I get close enough I notice there is only 1 register open for all items, 2 registers open for 12 items or less and 3 registers open for self service. My main issue is once I notice the line for the regular register ended close to where the self service lines were and several black shirts standing around not doing anything about it. Me along with several other customers had to ring and bag our own groceries which I have no issue with if that was the amount of items I had to be at that register. But to ring be made to stop because the line is full of your groceries and now you have to go and bag with 3 at that time black shirts standing in the area seeing clearly assistance was needed. I felt worst for the elderly woman with her handicap child in a wheelchair doing her best to handle everything. At the end of the day there are several people in this world looking for work and can't find it while we have people like the ones I encountered today with positions they are clearly abusing. This place truly needs a reface of their front workers I can't say the whole store but definitely the front workers."
419	1	"I can't speak for much here because I don't like Thai food (mostly the curries and coconut) but I had the pad thai here and it was AMAZING. I'm telling you, it was fantastic."
699	1	Hair snobs unite! This is the best place I know of in Harvard Square.
706	1	This place is excellent and I'm glad we have it so close by in Clintonville. I have only been once so far. I had the thinly sliced flank steak w/garlic and general tso's. Both dishes were the best I have had. Very fresh with a lot of veggies. I will definitely be back for more and to try the sushi and Thai dishes they offer.
124	3	"Went here on Sunday for first time. Plenty of parking which was nice. The jalapeno cornbread was very good! Mac n chz also good. Ordered the moist brisket because I thought it would be better since the lean is generally dry at times..the brisket was super moist, fatty, and very greasy..had alot of oil on the plate..most of what I got was fat...next time ill try the lean..the sausage was so so..im still a bigger fan of pokejoes.. There was a guy who looked homeless playing guitar and singing very loud inside..went to sit outside in the heat bc this guy was so loud and annoying..he seemed kinda drunk too..not sure why they let him do this bc ruined the atmosphere for us.. I'll give it another shot but it is pricey and wasn't that great"
15	3	"Quickly stopped in for a UFC fight. I sat down at the bar while my boyfriend parked the car. Although the restaurant/bar was packed and LOUD, the bartender (Vanessa) came over within a minute. Prompt service with a smile. When my boyfriend arrived a few minutes later, we didn't see Vanessa behind the bar so we tried to flag down her male coworker. He was caught up watching the fight and it took a few minutes to get his attention - which is fine. Not fine, however, is that after I ordered a beer, he stood and texted for a few minutes before getting my beer and held his arm up to shield his texting from management lol. Vanessa, however, is an excellent bartender!! As loud as it is in this place, she continually scanned the bar looking for people attempting to make eye contact with her for service. I watched her work (my boyfriend and I have thirty years of food and beverage experience between the two of us) and she was focused and productive, but most importantly, she was ATTENTIVE! Give this girl a raise!!"
883	3	"BAD SERVICE The food was gross per usual. The potatoes tasted like they were cooked in dirty, rancid oil. Everything else was just bland. AND they gave me gluten-free bread (not all the bread is gluten-free) without warning me that it was gluten-free. I would have brought it up, but the server was too busy talking to her friend to ever come back to check in on us. The server was talking to her friend/customer/acquaintance the entire time even so much that she took my plate of food and threw it away without even asking if I wanted a to-go box - which I wanted to take home with me. When confronted, she asked me why I didn't say anything - then apologized and offered me more eggs to take home with me. Cooking up more eggs for me to take home just didn't make sense to me. She then offered me potatoes with salsa, when I just would have preferred for them to have done the right thing and comped my meal.. (I had eaten only a 1/4 of my food.) ALL WHILE TALKING TO HER FRIEND at another table. She was nice enough, though her behavior was extremely unprofessional. This was my sixth visit and I will not eat here ever again. It was just a waste of money. I work in the service industry and wasting my money on a terrible experience is ridiculous. Oh, the applesauce was good."
474	3	"We thought about going over to Brodie Oaks to see if the new Bombay Bistro was open. I called and found out it's opening 10/8/10, or thereabouts. The folks I was in the car with then say ""hey, let's go up north to the other location!"" I wasn't excited to make a journey north of the river for a place I was not convinced was worth a drive. I was SO WRONG. Bombay Bistro's lunch buffet was Indian buffet heaven! There wasn't a dud dish on the line. The spices were just right, the soups were tasty, and the naan was wonderful. I was almost shocked it was so good. Definitely could be some of the best Indian in Travis County. Why didn't they get five stars? Tea service at the table was slow (my glass was empty more than full) and I did not like the dessert they had out. Pretty picky, but I'm picky like that. I need more tea! The line for the buffet was constant too. They have it up against a wall, and while there's an obvious flow, you feel slightly obliged to stand in line, waiting for everyone in front of you to shuffle through. I little better set up here might be good. The food is worth standing there drooling on yourself."
630	1	"Whenever I fly into Portland, I take the earliest flight and drive straight to the Tin Shed. Delicious Blood Marys and very good food. Anything I've ordered has not disappointed."
412	2	"I've always loved yogen fruz, but since my most recent visit (being Saturday), a friend and I were contemplating where to get a sweet treat after a fattening dinner. I starting naming off a bunch that were available all along Robson as we were driving up. She was intrigued with Yogen Fruz, so we parked and wandered in. The place was getting packed. It was easy to see why. They jumped on that Pinkberry-Menchi-Qoola-bandwagon and had their own version of fill and pay flavours. After sampling a bunch, I picked the pistachio, but I secretly wished I had a classic strawberry froyo. I made the best of it, pistachio, a small squidge of coffee, mangoes, kiwi, strawberries and mochi balls and $7.80 later with an upstairs view of Robson street. I was content. I'm not going to lie, if I go back again, I will go for the strawberry hand blended froyo and leave the premixed to Pinkberry."
97	3	"Will not be back!!! The service was just awful. We used a Scoutmob and they tried to act like we could not use it by saying they no longer accept it. However, I quickly let them know that the Scoutmob for this location was recently added. So, they decided to take it grudgingly. The food was only decent. The location is in some shady strip mall. The value was just okay. When we were about to pay, the server handed us a bill and I reminded her that we were using the 1/2 off Scoutmob deal, so she took the bill back and came back with another that was pretty much the same except $8 difference...REALLY?!? She added the 18% tax but also a so-called Scoutmob fee...RIDICULOUS!!!!"
973	2	The service was very good. We had a large party and most of the dishes were very well made. A few were not spectacular. The appetizers were difficult to share with more than four people because of their presentation. I personally liked Equinox better but I would still go back. Cocktails were great.
394	2	Great company. I've had a lot of trees cut down. These guys had the best prices by far and timeliest response. Did an outstanding job hauling away and stumping. Cleaned the area completely when finished. Like the tree never existed. Prices and service were so good I referred them to my HOA who also said the had the lowest bid.
497	2	"It is a regular pub place with marginal food and good service. The wine was terrible, although I realize it is a beer place. Soggy fries. Even the bread was marginal. The beef stew was big but bland. We liked the server who was always there, sometimes too soon though. Overall a nice and overpriced place lose to our hotel."
127	2	"Here's a breakdown of what my boyfriend and I spent in about an hour: 2 entries for $20 total - this got us a ride up the elevator 3 drinks $22 total - this was pretty reasonable and the pours were generous 2 putt putt golf games for $20 total - this is outrageous for sub-par (pun intended) course 1 $5 game card - this got us two games of SKEE BALL (are you kidding me? I'll go to ormsby's and pay a quarter next time. Total - $67 in about an hour in a half. No thanks. I'm sure they are trying to recoup their investment quickly but unless they lower prices, I will chalk this up to a one-time visit."
142	1	It was my very first visit the service was awesome and they assured me that I would love the food. And guess what I definitely love the food hands down. It was very clean and also a nice bar you can even set outside for that summer fun. Try them for yourself. I'll be a regular ....
151	3	"If you haven't been to, eaten, or heard of Tiff's Treats you are missing out on the sugary glory of amazingly soft warm as good as homemade cookie amazing ness. I am a long time lover and consumer of Tiff's Treats. This location happens to be closest to my house and my work so it is the most convenient one for me which means it's probably the only one I've been too. The negatives: if you're visiting in person, the parking is abysmal. Prepare to walk from the next parking lot over, but after some fatty cookie or brownie deliciousness that may not be the worst thing. I have visited this location on many many occasions and I have never seen one employee behind the counter waiting to great customers. 99% of their business is probably delivery but every time they are in the back talking completely unaware that you have walked in and can hear them. The positives: The chocolate chip, the sugar, and the snickerdoodle obviously! Outside of their very few and easily fixed negatives, Tiff's Treats cannot be beat when it comes to warm cookies on demand. They even have milk and ice cream to go with it if you so desire."
869	2	"I am definitely no expert when it comes to the French experience but I have traveled extensively to France and can confirm that this restaurant has an authentic flair to it's food & service. it is a real gem in Vancouver - where the neighborhoods are lined with Sushi joints & Cactus clubs on every corner. Les Faux bourgeois is very charming and quaint, a great place to take out-of-town guests to show them how ""culturally diverse"" the cuisine is in this city. Tips: Try the French Onion Soup, Steak & Frites and Florentine tart. Lastly, be sure to make reservations!"
209	1	Had a amazing dinner. Price was on point nothing over the top. Food quality was great. Only thing was they were so busy that service was hard but still wasn't to a point that is bad. The lobster was yummy and so was the sides.
613	3	"I went to Bob's on Friday for some take out with my friends. I walked inside and immediately noticed the small market charm along with a rich aroma of Italian food. The staff was very nice and helpful. I ordered a jumbo chicken cutlet parm sandwich. The bread was soft and warm....it was also filled with a generous portion of meat, cheese, sauce etc. at an extremely low price. Overall.....delicious. I wish I could give 4 1/2 stars instead of 4, but the only complaint I have that Bob's has a very small bakery selection. If ownership ever looks to expand, I would suggest having a full bakery counter with all sorts of Italian pastries. This would make Bob's untouchable!"
307	2	"I used Precision through my insurance for windshield replacement.Andrew was still quick, friendly and communicative. I was given a four-hour window for the replacement, and Precision showed up only 90 minutes into that block. If I ever need another windshield replacement, this will be my preferred go-to."
454	3	"I've been getting my hair did from the beautiful and talented Kellie at Ritual Salon for about 5 years. I've changed my hairstyle several times and she consistently works magic on my head. From bringing in a picture to just needing a change but not knowing exactly what I want, she nails it every time. She did my hair and makeup for my wedding and I couldn't have been more pleased. I genuinely feel well taken care of at Ritual. Kellie has a creative eye and keeps my hairs lookin' fresh. Money well spent. Tip: Schedule your appointment late in the day, arrive early and sip some wine while you wait."
61	3	"Seriously, why aren't you at Comfort? Tonight was a special occasion, and we wanted to try something new. Yelp led us to Comfort. So worth it! This is a new place, and I guess Watertown is giving them a hard time about signs, as they don't have one yet. To get there, find the Persian restaurant below and head up the stairs. There's a small bar (with a large TV) that opens into a lovely, warm dining room. The ceiling is high and sloped, the exposed brick adorned with a small, gold threaded tapestry. We were the only ones there, and got to sit by the window. We were served by the owner, who was super nice and very attentive. He really cared that we enjoyed our food, and seemed like an all around nice guy. I tried the mac and cheese, which was rich, flavorful and wonderful. The green beans that accompanied it were cooked and seasoned well. My cohort ordered buffalo wings and a salad. I was able to try the latter, and was impressed at how fresh everything was. He enjoyed his wings, which says a lot as he's from Buffalo and is impossible to please when it comes to these things. I was able to sample the blue cheese that came with the wings and was really impressed. It wasn't just blue cheese - I could distinctly taste gorgonzola in there. I asked the owner about it, and he confirmed it. He then added that pretty much everything (including said dressing) was made on site. That says a lot, if you ask me. Oh, and I'd like to thank the bartender for leaving off the sugar on my martini glass. Sugar is like an unnecessary set of very sticky training wheels. Three cheers for a decent lemon martini. We were the only ones in the dining room tonight. Don't get me wrong, I loved the privacy and quiet of the empty room, but something tells me Comfort shouldn't remain a secret. Get thee to Comfort. And while you're at it, bring me back some of that blue cheese / gorgonzola yumminess."
108	3	"I have been taking aerial classes at Aircraft for about a year, and it is my favorite thing I have ever done (and I've done a lot!). NOTHING takes priority over my aerial class, (seriously, just ask my husband). I look forward to it every single week. The instructors are fantastic, supportive, funny, positive, motivating, and excellent at explaining the various skills. I gained strength very quickly, even going just once a week, but the biggest benefit I have found is that my 75-minute class is the ONLY time in my entire week that I can honestly say my mind is 100% in the present moment. When I'm at aerial practice I don't think about anything else in my life except exactly what I'm doing. I'm concentrating, getting a workout and laughing so hard every single class. It is the best therapy out there, I swear. The groups in each class are small enough to get lots of individual attention from the instructors, so you learn something new every time, and we all support and encourage one another as we're attempting new, challenging skills. I can't say enough positive things about this place...you just HAVE to try it!"
527	2	"Me: Two shots of Jager please! Bartender: WANT TO MAKE THEM DOUBLES?!!!!? *With one hand makes a shaka (surfing) sign; with the other hand points to a sign reading ""Make your Jager shot a double!""* Me: Are doubles discounted? Bartender: HELL YEA!!!!! Me: Cool; two double shots of Jager please! Bartender: *Places two double shot glasses on the bar. Takes Jager bottle out of fridge.* Actually they are not discounted. Me: So a double is the same price as two singles? Bartender: Yes. Me: Then why did you tell me they were on discount? Bartender: *Pauses.* SO YOU COULD GET FUCKED UP!!!!!! Me: Two single shots of Jager please."
318	2	I'm not a huge fan of chains but I actually enjoy this one. The salad selection is always fresh and sometimes new. (I did finally have to admit I don't care for quinoa after this visit but it was of no fault of the restaurant.) Each time I've been in the staff and been very friendly and helpful. I try to make it here at least once a month.
495	2	"I had a great experience at this Dominican restaurant! I don't speak or understand Spanish but the menu was very clear, easy to follow and had English translations. I ordered the pork chops, spanish rice, and sweet plantain and it was DELICIOUS! The empanadas were also very good. My friend ordered a beef dish, white rice and bean sauce and was very satisfied with her meal as well. The serving of food was very generous for the price. I was so full! Despite it being busy, our food came out in a reasonable amount of time. The waitresses were all very nice and approachable. Our waitress could've been a bit more attentive to our table though. The music and the ambiance was great overall. I'll be coming back to this place for sure!"
825	1	"The service is terrible, overpriced hookah that wasn't worth it. The owner was very unprofessional. Never would go there again. Actually looking forward to see this place shut down."
166	1	Eating healthy I had the turkey burger it was great. No fries and water w lemon. #JackLimeTeam had a great time. #Anchorman2
377	1	"I love this place. Everyone is so nice. I can't remember the guy's name who helped me out, but he has helped me multiple times with all my dumb questions. Thanks dude."
422	3	"MMMMmmm Gelato!!!! Took my sister in law and niece here after seeing an ad and looking at the Yelp reviews. Such a cute little place, brightly decorated and outdoor seating. They had about 20 different flavors to choose from...I had the Thai iced tea and Kahlua chip. Also ordered: White Chocolate Raspberry, Strawberry, Mayan Chocolate. Why the 3 stars then..Everything was great except for the service...the man behind the counter couldn't smile if I was dancing around in a chicken costume. My niece wanted to taste test a bunch of flavors...he seemed bothered. I ordered a ice tea, he acted as if he would have to go pick the leaves himself. I said ""have a nice day"" he said nothing.You work in a ice cream shop---smile gosh darn it! The consensus was to try the other location next time."
907	2	"The best $7 you will spend on lunch in the area! Talking about the Gyros..They put some sandwiches to shame. WOW, this thing was: Fresh..Juicy..Meaty..Yummyyyy This little no frills place packs the punch. I went in there after being cooped up inside with a cold and was craving something good. Even though my appetite was lacking, I put that whole thing down and felt great after! Zooooo Gooood!!!!!"
195	3	"This is my first yelp review because I have never felt this strongly about a business before. Regarding reliability and customer service, this is hands down the worst company I have ever dealt with. Their cleaning employees are nice people, but awfully unprofessional and with absolutely no training. They are basically just told to show up. There are no standards by which they must adhere, even in regards to what supplies they bring. The last cleaner I had brought a single rag with stains and hair on it, to clean everything, even the bathroom...and no paper towels. I opted to give her my counter cloths to use for the kitchen at least, but couldn't find it after she left.. so I guess she took it with her! Since she presumably used the same rag in the toilet as everywhere else... I had to clean AGAIN after she left. The WORST part is the customer service and overall company interaction. First cleaning - I booked using a referral promo. I have the screenshot of what I was supposed to be charged - when I made the booking. However the charge on my credit card was DOUBLE. **Customer service said the quoted price was due to an error in their website design and thanked me for bringing in to their attention..but did not refund me the balance. The cleaning was just ok, but I opted to give it another try..BIG MISTAKE. The second cleaning: I had a scheduling conflict and moved the cleaning by 2 hours: the online system confirmed that I would be charged a $15 fee. However, the schedule change did not take effect, they showed up when I was not home, and my whole payment was wasted. **Customer service told me ""nothing was rescheduled""...they don't know why the system did not register it..no compensation offered. The 3rd cleaning: The pro, Omar, started by texting that he was running late. Then he texted that he could not come due to police activity in the T and HIS WORDS: ' the situation is a lil risky for me'. I called customer service and they confirmed that he would not be coming. They told me they would refund my credit card the full amount paid for the cleaning and also issue me a $35 goodwill credit since my whole afternoon was wasted waiting for him. **The credit card refund never showed up, and when I called 2 weeks later, customer service told me that they just gave me a goodwill credit because the pro 'was late'! I told them that in fact he NEVER showed up **I have his messages to prove it, and I HAD been told I was going to get the full refund to my credit card. **They refused to refund the full amount. I asked them if they have customer service calls recorded, so that they can go back to Sep 16 and listen to what I was told. The woman told me that her manager said yes they have the calls recorded, but he will not listen to them, and that she was 'proceeding to cancel this call'.. AND SHE HUNG UP ON ME. Needless to say I will NEVER refer anyone to Handy. I have never in my life dealt with such disrespectful and terrible customer service. The concept is great, their cleaners are nice but somewhat unprofessional, but the company values are extremely sketchy. Bottom line: Handy is a scam..a huge waste of money AND time."
924	2	"We had Katherine take care of our pup while we were out of town for a few days. We went by her house and met her and some dogs she was watching at the time, and our dog just loved her and the other dogs. She sent us text and pictures updates of how he was doing. He went and played at the park and went on lots of walks. He seemed like he had a great time and came home a happy, healthy and very tired puppy! We are very glad we found Katherine and our pup had so much fun!"
948	1	"Good food, good price, and good service. You will always find the same staff and enjoy getting to know them. You can also get in and out quickly if you are in a hurry, or call in a to go order that will be ready by the time you get there."
654	3	"The positive: large restaurant right in the Tuttle Crossing mall. Decor is very cool, and restaurant was clean. Food was delivered piping hot. The negative: service was exceptionally slow. Our server left a lot to be desired. It took her over 5 minutes to greet us and take our drink and appetizer order. Drinks came, and we were all ready to order, and indicated that to her. She just smiled and walked away. Appetizer was delivered and still no order was taken. We had to wait an additional 5 minutes to eat our appetizer because she never even brought us napkins or silverware. We had to flag down a different server and ask her to get our server so we could get utensils. When she finally brought them she took our food order. Then we waited...and waited.... and waited.... 45 minutes before our food arrived. The restaurant wasn't all that busy. Other tables that arrived after us actually finished eating before we even got our food! We ate very fast as we had to be somewhere at a certain time. Paid our bill via the ziosk. She came to clear our plates and we asked for a to go box. We waited another 10 minutes for her to bring a to go box. We wound up being late for our activity due to slow service. Advice: go there if you want got food and have a few hours to kill waiting for slow service"
870	1	"As a native of the New Orleans area, I can tell you that this food is legit! It is delicious and amazing. crowded, but charming. Their biscuits are out of this world as is their home made jam."
781	3	"Popped in one night about an hour before Closing. Found out ,with a stamped ticket, Parking is free for 2 hours. A, plus. Stood in line for about 15 minutes, then the door matron let me in, to stand in another line(very long). Was chatting with a couple in line and, one of them said you can sit at the bar and get quicker service. So I sauntered over to the one remaining seat. The bartender was friendly, took my order. Only waited about 15 minutes and the food was brought out on a metal tray. BTW, they have Stevia and Sugar in the Raw for sweeteners. A-plus. The Burger (a Classic, )was good. Fries were over cooked. Got out for around $16."
539	1	"After only about a 20 minute wait on a busy weekend night, the friendly staff was able to get our party of 12 (8 kids!) seated and we were soon thoroughly enjoying a great Mexican dinner with nice portions. This place will definitely be on our list each time we visit the Orlando area."
652	3	"Overall not bad, service was great. Luggage assistance is helpful, (Alan from Venezuela was super nice) they even had our luggage delivered to our room from Caribbean Beach! ... My only complain is the gnats. Stayed here for 2 nights in room 3233 - 50's section. We switched over from Caribbean Beach Resort to save some money. I suggest not booking a water view room - you will get gnats outside of your room that will get into your room. Be prepared to swim through a swarm of gnats getting to your room. We had some in our showers and the corners of the ceilings. To remedy this we lowered the temperature of the room since they do not like warm temperatures. But gnats are mostly harmless so we decided to keep our room. Overall, the room was clean (bed was made every night, new towels, new toiletries)."
51	3	"I just got done with lunch here. It has been okay in the past, but today, the service was a failure on multiple levels. First, it look a long time for my food to come out, and the waitress initially brought the wrong order. Then, it look 20 minutes before I was able to chase down the waitress to pay my check. Finally, when I received my check, they charged dinner pricing for a lunch. I was running late to get back to the office, so I paid it, but all said, the service was inexcusable. I write in the hopes that you will take corrective action, whether in coaching your staff, or hiring more people for the lunch rush."
321	2	"The food is amazing. Try the mixed grill with the yogurt garlic sauce. And you must get the hot puffed bread and hummus. We always have great food when we eat here and even though we live in Sarasota, we always make a point to eat here when we're in town. I gave 4 stars because everything is great, food and service, but the restaurant really needs to be dusted. The dusty mirror and shelves were in great need of a thorough cleaning."
130	1	Been here a few times. One of the better individual hotpot places around the lower mainland. Portions are good. Price is decent considering you are cooking your own food. I always leave full. Light years better then firepot in burnaby. Definitely a try if you like hotpot
954	2	"The rotisserie chicken is GREAT and a good deal. If you come at dinner time they will be taking one right off the skewer for you most of the time. The steak kebabs are great as well. The chicken pot pies are awesome but a little costly, def worth a try. As for sides I like the mashed potatoes, stuffing, and cornbread. They all taste great but (other than the cornbread) are just a bit salty for my taste, probably not much more salty than most other take out places though. I haven't tried much else on the menu yet,. This place is a good alternative to pizza or Chinese (especially Belmont Chinese places) They have free delivery to Belmont and Watertown."
268	1	Overall I had a good experience at Empire. I came here on a Wednesday for a drink with some friends. The hostess and server were both quite nice and service overall was spot on (checked in on just often enough). The drinks were creative and got some good reviews and my scotch was neat!
733	2	"This is possibly my favorite ""fast food chain"" per-say. Everything is amazing. The servers are always very nice are always willing to serve you more condiments if you ask for ""more"" of something. I especially love the the guacamole that they make at Chipotle. Although sometimes the servers don't fill up the whole container of you ask for it to be on the side or is completely fresh, it never fails to taste amazing. It's almost as good as guacamole in Mexico, but definitely the best in Oregon. It isn't a thick or watery consistency with the perfect size and amount of avocado chunks which makes it perfect."
278	3	"After reading the reviews, I was worried to use this office. I almost called my doctor and asked her to switch me elsewhere. I am SO glad, however, that I decided to give this location a try. The office took me a bit to find (inaccurate navigation system), but once I noticed that the clinic was in the Westover Shopping Center, it was easy peasy. If you like *clean* parking lots, *clean* clinics, and *clean* enjoyable areas, I suggest giving this location a try. The staff was kind and helpful, as well as willing to answer my quick questions about the bloodwork. I showed up as a walk-in and was in and out within 20 minutes. The phlebotomist who took my blood samples was professional, quick, accurate, and curteous. In order to keep my wait time down (being a walk-in), I got there as close to opening as possible. From there, the 15-minute wait was no issue whatsoever. Lastly, there's a Pharmaca in the same shopping center if you need to fill a prescription or would like to browse a decent selection of natural/organic/non-GMO/etc. supplements and toiletries."
612	3	"Don't waste your money or time with this place. I been a member since 2014, at the Hillsboro location and had amazing Brenda work on my facials. I relocated to Portland and found Nicole, despite all the horrible reviews about this place; I decided to open a new a membership. I needed to relax and get a facial due to long hours working in a federal building 80 hours + so I scheduled an appointment and didn't get Nicole, I booked on the same day with a diff person - I went in excited, however this time not even minutes of my facial; the lady grabbed a hot towel and rubbed the make up off my skin so I stopped the facial and my face was burning , she was not gentle at all and my face turned red and she popped a zit with the towel while she was removing the cleansing solution. After I went and talked with two receptionist about the incident , I was not given the number to their manager , while I was explaining the situation my face was burning and it felt like rug burn all over my chin, cheeks , jaw line, upper lip, and forehead. Come on? Really, why would anyone use so much strength on a facial???? And these people are supposed to be TRAINED AND CERTIFIED. I've never had problems with Dermalogica products. I'm not coming back. As I'm writing this post my face is still burning - I went in at 8:30 pm and it's now 10:44 and I'm holding ice to my face because it feels like sun burn. Update: received a call from from the Lead she was helpful and left some items for me to pick up to fix the problem, I called the manager Darcy wanting to follow up with her as well and she had left me a voice message. She was understanding at first and as soon as I told her I wanted to cancel my membership , instead of receiving CUSTOMER SERVICE, she had the audacity to remind me of a time I paid using my ""boyfriends credit card"", wow I'm so disgusted with this place - so irrelevant and uneducated response. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY here."
476	2	This was our first time come here so we didn't know what to expect. I liked the reclining chair and the fact the you get a blanket because it was really chili in there. The service could have been better. We ordered two cocktails and an appetizer ... We finished our appetizer before our drinks ever came out. I was also told that we get free popcorn which we never got. Might give them the benefit of the doubt and return again. Have not decided yet.
196	2	"I went here this past weekend for their roast (first Saturday of every month). The food was wonderful. The atmosphere was great. Beers and cocktails were yummy! The menu was interesting.... BUT - the portion was small. It was a ham roast with mashed sweet potatoes, turnips and brussel sprouts. The meal had about a 1/4 cup of sweet mashed potatoes and 2 1/2 brussel sprouts. I was there with 8 people and I don't think anyone left satisfied. I'll give it another try - but it was not a good first impression."
178	3	"Now, I have written on the subject of shabu shabu before- and there is not question that it is my personal favorite and Kaze Shabu Shabu is and always will be the tastiest and best quality hot pot that I have ever had- but Hot Pot Buffet is a really great way for hot pot newbies to experience a wide rang of ingredients for one low price. You can keep eating for hours if you want, and they just keep on refilling your broth and items if you ask them for it. They don't exactly offer to bring you things without you asking, but they were not the least bit rude about giving us another check off sheet. We had the chef's special broth and it was extremely bland, but the dipping sauce (satay and soy based) was not too bad. I would try a different broth with a little more flavor next time. We had a ton of stuff, but our favorites were the kobe beef, the scallion dumplings, the taro root, the salmon, and the absolutely delicious crab legs- we got two orders!! Really you can't go wrong here- unless you are bothered by the slightly fishy smell when you first walk in. But you get used to it! For $20.00 this is about the best deal in China Town."
326	3	"This place is an interesting combo. The chef, David is incredible. When he is cooking the food is perfect and I have tasted few breakfast creations better than his. However, he is beyond overworked an on his day off the food quality suffers dramatically. The service is unprofessional and neglectful so you know how good the food must be because despite the large amount of cons the food that David (typically) constructs outweighs them. Hopefully the owner knows that whatever success she has achieved is because of this chef and she hangs on tight. However, for his sake I hope he flys where his talent can be surrounded with equal talents or at least basic professionalism."
201	3	"Just had a shellac mani/pedi. I'm usually pretty fair in the sense that I expect to get what I pay for. And since this is one of the lower-priced nail salons in the area, I didn't come in with extremely high expectations. But even with my modest expectations, I was seriously disappointed with this place. The tools used for my pedicure and manicure looked overused and unsanitary, the women in the salon carried on a conversation at the top of their lungs the entire time I was there, and my nails were unevenly shaped. I will definitely be finding another salon in the area."
640	1	Came by today and it was closed. Hope she goes out of business because she is bad for the other black businesses in the community. All she does is try and get other black businesses in the area closed instead of capitalizing off of it. She is a low down evil miserable individual.
401	2	"Chex Machin was a wonderful French restaurant I would recommend to anyone. This cozy little spot definitely reminded me of a French Bistro. The food was amazing, my husband ordered a delicious salad, and I had clam linguine with French onion soup. Also add a cup of coffee... the best coffee I've received at a restaurant in a long time! The waiter Arthur was impressive as he easily handled the entire restaurant! Great place!"
960	3	"South Congress Cafe continues to impress me every single time I visit, which lately it has been quite often. Everything that I have had thus far has been absolutely delicious. Last time we went we got the appetizer special, which was escargot in jalapeno butter with crostinis. Those of you who will not dare to try escargot do not know what you are missing. I am pretty sure my eyes were closed most of the time taking in all of those flavors and textures the dish had to offer. For entrees, we ordered the trout almondine served with lump crab meat and toasted almonds, and the five spice crusted pork tenderloin (my new favorite). Both dishes were excellent. The rainbow trout had a nice pan-seared outside and a flaky inside. The chipotle lime brown butter complimented the fish nicely. The pork tenderloin stuffed with blue corn chorizo was well prepared and full of flavors. The ranchero burgundy sauce that it comes with is spicy and delicious. The tenderloin is served with potato enchiladas to settle down the heat from the sauce, and fresh vegetables that not only added more textures to the dish but beautiful colors as well. One of the best dishes I have had in a while. We finished dinner with a coffee (medium house blend) that hit the spot. Props to our waiter Tim for adding so much to that evening's dining experience. The previous time we ordered the jalapeno venison meatloaf with charred poblano demi-glace on a bed of roasted garlic mashed potatoes. Talk about comfort food! All of the components of the dish came together in perfect harmony. I just wished it was bigger. The country snapper was also very good, particularly its light panko crust and the guajillo mashed potatoes that it came with. Whenever I thought South Congress could not top itself, I got the dried cherry and pecan bread pudding with bourbon sauce. That dessert deserved a moment of silent. For those of you who are familiar with my reviews 1) I LOVE bread pudding and will go to places to grade theirs, and 2) I do not like it with ice cream. So in this case, Amy's Mexican Vanilla ice cream was nowhere in sight. Even before I tasted it, the aromas of the bourbon and cinnamon were intoxicating me with joy and delight. As my fork gently cut through the pudding I could see a bit of steam emerging from its warm center. I think it might have spelled the word ""bliss"". The cherries were not tart as I had feared. The pecans were not overwhelming and only emerged in a minuscule way to add a slight crunch to the perfectly-sweetened homemade bread. It was simply perfect."
291	3	"I finally decided to treat myself to some skivvies that were not made in Sri Lanka, Macau, or other places unknown. The shop is nicely organized, and the lady working there was very friendly without crossing over into a hard sell. They have a wonderful selection of all sizes/shapes/colors/styles of bras & panties made in Italy, Belgium and France. I knew the prices were going to be high before I set foot in the store (based on the lingerie lines they carry & other yelp reviews). I have a weakness for matching bra/underwear sets and they had a lot of those both in stock - and what they don't have they can order. If you have something ordered, they can have it there within a week - pretty speedy turnaround. I'll be back to pick up the lacy bits I ordered - and then I can see making regular trips here to see what's new in stock!"
757	1	Place seemed dingy and the food was meh at best. The staff seemed friendly enough and the food came out in a decent amount if time. I just couldn't shake an uneasy feeling like I was going to wind up with food poisoning (I did not get food poisoning) it just doesn't feel clean in there. I would not go again.
648	1	Great cold brew iced coffee and tasty donuts. The staff is very friendly and the expanded location is excellent for a quick bite or even a decent sit
452	1	Consistently great and an unbeatable price. Can't go wrong with Chicken and waffles or sausage and biscuits!
79	3	"My husband and I have done business with Beaverton Toyota 3 times and each time, they've blown me away at the service they've provided (I mean that in a good way). We've had the following salesman help us over the years - Mo Jafari, Salah Husein, and Drew (can't remember his last name)....and we can't forget the one who has always been the one to 'make it all happen' - Josh Ford ( who was once the Sales Manager and now is a one of the Finance Managers). Each time we've gone in there, we presented them with some pretty tough challenges as to what we want to get out of and get in to, the negative equity that always seems to be involved, and the little down payment we never seem to have. But no matter how impossible our requests have seemed, they have always welcomed the challenges and have gone above and beyond to 'make it happen' for us and make sure we leave their lot a happy (and returning) customer. Just to share an example: My husband wanted a car on a Subaru lot really bad! But that dealership wouldn't give him the amount he wanted for his trade-in, so the numbers didn't work, which means he couldn't get the car. Well, when we told Beaverton Toyota about it, they went over to that Subaru lot, bought the car, brought it back to their lot, gave my husband what he was asking for his trade-in, and sold him the Subaru themselves! We were in shock and awe at how above and beyond they went. They don't try to convince you to 'settle for something else' because what you really want is too much of a challenge in making the numbers work. Their attitudes are 'BRING IT!' When it comes to the sales part of their jobs, they aren't pushy at all, annoying, or smothering, which I for one can highly appreciate as I HATE the car buying process (despite the fact that I've traded a car in almost every year for the past few years)! They show and express that they really care about what it is YOU want and also show that your safety and comfort (and that of your passengers) is important to them as well. They are always very patient (I speak from experience as I am not the easiest person to do business with), respectful, professional, and relaxed. If I ever had an issue with a car after purchasing it (which is rare), they are all over taking care of it like white on rice! I brag about these guys to everyone I know. They deserve it. I've been to so many other dealerships and I've never have had the kind of experience with them that I do with Beaverton Toyota. I think, given all the cars I've had over the past few years, and the fact that I LOVE the Toyota they put me in to recently, it will be a long while before I do any car shopping. But if and when I decide to car shop again, I won't be going anywhere else but there."
455	2	"Everything we ordered was so flavorful and perfectly prepared. We had the calamari, chicken croquette, patatas bravas, montaditos, and grilled peach salad along with queso and cured meat to start. The peach wasn't in season but that is my only complaint. Cocktails were tasty as well. I recommend the lemongrass Collins. Service was very attentive and pricing was totally reasonable for the quality."
193	2	"The Barking Crab was a family tradition for us for years before I moved to Boston. Once a summer, when visiting our family in the city, we would go to the Barking Crab for some decent food and wonderful atmosphere. Sadly, once I became vegetarian, the menu became extremely limited for me, which made it much less appealing. But still, many happy memories from the Barking Crab! Great family place!"
885	1	I haven't had dumplings in years and I'm eating primarily on the gluten free ones here. They were super good!!!!
658	2	"This place was not worth it, the tortillas were paper like and hard to pull apart, the crispy taco shells were out of a box. There was no flavor, lots of reviews keep referring to price but if its not worth eating its not worth buying."
535	1	"Definitely one of my favorite places for vietnamese grub! Very authentic and although they hardly speak english, the people here are really nice. Will always recommend others to try it."
63	1	its the best pizza hut i'v found in florida always got great deals & offers the staff are very friendly & make you feel welcome and if you have children with you they make them feel extra special & welcome them in a huge way too
43	1	New owner is raising the bar with designer womens clothing.
304	2	"This is my ""go to"" nail salon. I get a pedicure and powder nails there once a month, and I am very pleased with them. The salon is always noticeably clean & pleasant. The service is great! They always offer you a drink, and they are sweet gentle people! Also get a brow wax there occasionally, and take my teen there for a brow wax once in a while. I have used many nail salons locally in South Austin, and this is my favorite and has been for a year or so. I appreciate the gentleness! It helps to tell them what you want early on, as is the case any where."
853	3	"Authentic. Not fancy. Know what you're going for - Noodles, Lamb Skewer, or Gyoza. If that isn't what you're looking for, go the Asia Cafe around the corner. Noodles are fresh, not dried. some people like 'em, some people don't. I do. Know where you're going - to a noodle house. Nothing fancy. There is a good chance you'll be sitting at a card table. While this is Chinese fare, it is the most authentic noodle restaurant I have found to date - very similar to what I use to enjoy when I traveled to Japan. The pancakes may be a little oily for some palettes but if you know what you're ordering, you'll likely find them to be excellent. Be careful - they will be HOT. I ordered the Lamb Noodles and the broth was excellent. Fortunately, it was not too salty (something I frequently encountered when traveling to Japan). While I generally prefer spicier fare, the flavors were excellent. I would thoroughly like to see more noodle houses - real ones, not chains - in Austin. If you know what you're going for, you shouldn't be disappointed. But don't try to make it something it isn't."
840	3	"I don't know but the pizza has gone down hill the last 2 times I ordered. It was so remarkably bad that I had to order chicken fingers as a back up just in case... Glad I did! The crust is longer fluffy and buttery deliciousness with the perfect fluffy chewy/crispy texture. Feels like chewing cardboard... Kind of tastes like it too.... What happened? Is it frozen now? I don't know... But the plain chicken fingers with sauces on the side were good enough to mention... Pretty big, tender pieces of white meat, with crispy, flavorful batter. So... If you want chicken fingers you have my permission to order them... Hopefully by the time you go, they will not have changed that recipe. If you want great, gourmet-like style pizza go around the corner to All Star Pizza Bar! They have huge slices, and many different varieties and fantastic flavor combos! My friend love the Redhead, I usually just try any slice that speaks to me that day whether it's cheese, a meat option or something funky... Yes... Funky is an option and it varies daily... Way to keep us on our pizza toes! Want pizza? Go to All Star now!!! Run, don't walk far away from here! Lol"
359	2	"I'm always down to try out a new taco place, and I was feeling adventurous ,so I went on fellow yelpers to see what taco shop I haven't tried,saw cilantro on few reviews ,and here iam,I'm usually more impressed with the hole in the wall authentic taqueria.... The location definitely fits the bill, I think this is the first place I've been to that was across in between,gives you Homestyle service feel,as for the tacos...fish tacos was pretty good,the al pastor was a little to the dry side,but pretty flavorful,grilled shrimp taco salad was tasty,I'm not sure if I like their take on horchata, a little too much with that fresh cinnamon powder,but overall one of the better taquerias By downtown Orlando."
84	2	"By no means is me giving Habaneros 3 stars a bad thing. This is my go to spot for Mexican food when my family comes to visit me from NY. It's cheap, it's quick and it's surprisingly good. The establishment offers a wide selection of Mexican dinners and combination specials, common in other traditional Mexican restaurants. If you're a fan of Mexican food, especially if you're from out of town just go here and eat. Parking isn't bad, your seated immediately and there is always a table available. Unfortunately there can sometimes be minor communication errors with your waitresses and the staff so make sure to be very clear with what you want when placing your Oder. The food is good, nothing amazing but it definitely hits the spot."
929	2	"We have come here twice and had an excellent experience both times. I work at a fine dining restaurant myself and can speak from experience when I say the service at Eddy V's is the best in Austin. You'll pay a pretty steep price, but you will get EXACTLY what you pay for. The steak is good, but the seafood is some of the best in Central Texas. If it is in your budget, I highly recommend Eddy V's."
282	3	"I came in to get my nails done for a trip I'm about to go on and what I wanted was simple--almond-shaped nails with a black dot on the beds + a clear coat. Very minimal. I got most of what I asked for, but upon a closer look my nails (which are naturally grown) were definitely not almond shaped. They're honestly only slightly different in shape than what I came in with. And as I was getting my nails filed by the first lady, she said that she usually charges $7 extra for filing almond-shaped nails, but because it was my first time she would waive the fee--which was nice of her, but I didn't know people charged extra for certain shapes! Or maybe I'm just ignorant when it comes to nail salons (this was my first time going in about 7+ years). The other woman who gave me the manicure (not the same who shaped my nails) did an OK job. She was polite and friendly, and the coat was even. But the dots didn't all have a consistent size and one of them is totally crooked. But honestly, I could live with the lopsided dots. It's the shape I'm really disappointed about. I thought ""almond"" is a universal shape and thus that she knew what I meant--even after showing her a picture. The plus side is that my mani only cost about $30 but it's still more than I would've paid for not getting the right shape. Maybe what I wanted was too simple. Or maybe they just didn't understand what I wanted. If I do come back (and it's likely that I won't, partially because of my experience and partially because I rarely get my nails done) I'll shape my own nails at home."
810	1	"Wonderful Vietnamese food. Have gone here 3 times already since they opened barely 2 weeks ago. They're so nice and friendly, and the food is amazing. My partner is strict vegan as well and there were plenty of options."
921	3	"I just had my Closet installed and they did not finish the job the day of the installation like they said they would. I had told them in advance that i would be leaving the state in a few weeks so i needed them to have my closet installed before then. They said not to worry that it would be done by the time i left. Well i am about to leave on my trip and they still have not finished the job. I have been calling them almost everyday so they can send someone to finish it but no call back in return. They charged my card with the job not being done, yet they cant call me back or send someone to finish the job. I am so dissatisfy with the company and will NEVER hire them again. This company does not cater to its customers needs and wants at all. I hope you guys wont make the mistake i made in hiring this unethical company who only care about taking your money."
152	2	"To say that I am in love with Thaitation is...quite possibly an understatement. I have always loved Thai food and was a fan of Brown Sugar while in college. When I moved to Fenway and heard that Thaitation was related to Brown Sugar..I was skeptical. Brown Sugar, in my opinon, had fallen a bit so I was not sure how great Thaitation would be. I was wrong. Thaitation is just delicious. Brown Sugar is no longer a place in my go to restaurants and I have convinced all of my college friends that it is no longer worth the trip and Thaitation is the place to be! Pad thai, broccoli with tofu and mushrooms, wonton soup, mango curry...I could go on for days! I also love that I can usually get two meals out of an entree so the prices don't seem too steep. Great Quality, Quantity...what more could you ask for?!"
159	2	"This place is pretty cool! The ambiance has more of a nightclub feel. Music playing, an older crowd (wouldn't recommend for families since it was just so loud and dark). We ordered a variety of items and the food was just ok. I was expecting more because of the price point and the location. The worst was the sushi. I don't think I'll be back. Just not my cup of tea."
965	3	"I want to give them 4 stars, but the 4 and 5 star experiences I've had there are very specific. First, the good: 1. Love their special lunch menu - salad or appetizer, choice of a few entrees or sandwiches, and then choose between a few different desserts for under $20. Always good. Never a bad lunch there. 2. Despite the fact that it's not my go-to place, whenever I have visitors from out of town, they LOVE it there and I like having it in my back-pocket. 3. Their Eggplant parm is to DIE for. For reals. Amazingly mild and flavorful eggplant, not bitter at all, and their tomato sauce mixed with their cream sauce. Oh. My. Goodness. 4. Their side salad is delish - a great mix of greens, other veggies, and some spicy peppers that aren't too spicy. I don't even put dressing on it. 5. Love sitting on their patio in the summer and then going to see a movie. Such a relaxing date. 6. Took my mom there for Christmas Eve last year (get a reservation!) and we had a two hour meal. It was grand and the service was fabulous. Now, the meh: 1. In the winter, when you can't sit outside, it's a bit crowded, dim, and loud. This is a common theme in my reviews. I'm not a fan of crowded loud places. If you are, then disregard this. Honestly, it's not that bad, I just struggle to filter out background noise. 2. I can't drink wine and their cocktails are good but not great 3. Menu is good, and nothing on it is less than good. Things are prepared just so, and lots of fresh ingredients. But the menu has been basically the same for three years and nothing on it (except the eggplant parm! See above) is so amazing as to eclipse other places rendition or so creative as to cause one to think, ""I have to go there again soon!"" 4. It is pricey. That seems to be the way of it with good Italian in Boulder. They are not worse or better than anywhere else. I go several times a year. I like it. The good is way good-er than the bad. It's just not amazingpants."
385	1	"Would I drive hours for this pizza? Probably not. But if you are in the area- get it. It is not earth shattering, but just a very good pizza. Good sauce, great cheese and a nice crust. That's it. A place that does one thing very very well."
81	2	"I have been going to ""Awesome Tan"" since I moved to Brookline in 1998 It has been 16 years and I love the place They have always take an excellent care of me and they make me feel special when I'm there There are even a couple of the same girls who've worked there since the day I started going I think that says a lot about the owners and the coworker relationships The girls are always very polite and they will take care of all your needs The place is very clean and the prices are reasonable My favorite part is Maria's gorgeous flower arrangements."
188	2	"The food has always been good, always. The service on he other hand has always always been bad. The waiters always leave you hanging, the owner is rude and, sad to say, ghetto in front of customers. Again, the food is spot on but the service is horrible. I have been coming here for years and it never changes. We are here today, the first time in a couple months and they have renovated. They have expanded into the unit next door. Good renovation, bigger space, better decor. Still a ways to go before it is finished but good. Wish the service was better, unfortunately I doubt I will return. I think today was it."
676	2	"I was super excited to finally find a place serving california burritos. This place unfortunately did not really deliver what I was seeking; in all the wrong places. Instead of delicious carne asada it is way too greasy, instead of lots of crunchy fries it is soggy and greasy, way too little guac or pico. I will have to wait until next time Im in SD for the real thing, oh well at least they tried."
643	3	"Probably one the best patio restaurant's in Atlanta. All of the gays and lesbians come out and drink til they are merry on this perfect patio in midtown; but don't let that deter you if you are straight, it is an equal mix of people, believe me! The restaurant is gay owned and operated, and definitely is a staple of gay Atlanta, so it is well worth mentioning. The food is pretty good (depending on what you get), and the service is always stellar. Some of those waiters have an attitude on them, but you just gotta snap those queens in their place! But seriously, it is all in good fun; I have never had a bad experience!! The beer is cheap, and all the martini's are $5. There is regularly trivia, and there is always some reason to stop by Joe's. During the warm months, it is very hard not to just say, ""why don't we meet at Joe's?"", because it is the place to be. Parking can be tricky, there is a very small parking lot, but there is usually a place down the street or across the road, for pay. This is definitely a place that you will want to check out, for it's chilled atmosphere, the welcoming flair, and well, the whole package! You are bound to see me there, as we love to go to Joe's!"
745	2	My friend recommended me of this new place in town. This self-served frozen yogurt shop has a greatly optimistic attitude fit for Portland. I felt good the first time I walked in and saw a green-yellow themed decoration with a number of great quotations about life and laughter all over the place. We were greeted with a sample cup to taste all those wonderful flavors of frozen yogurt. There are so many flavors to choose. My favorite is Chocolate Cake a la Mode. They say they will change the flavor every week so it's a good reason to go back there again and again. The options for toppings were even more fabulous - ranging from chocolate fudge to chocolate chip pieces to fresh fruit. I totally love this place. Highly recommended!
770	1	"I just loving going to TT's to see my buddy Kevin playing for the Raging Teens. Can't be the cheap PBR's, great music and diverse crowd. Always a great time and loads of good bands..."
786	3	"Very Bad Service...... i have been using this car wash for couple years, only doing exterior and driving it my self, through out last year i have been noticing how rude people are there, but i never interacted with them, until recently when i decided it to use full service, so i gave them my car then i went to the other end waiting for, once it came out i notice it the person who is driving it can not open the door from inside, so i opened it from outside then i realized that they broke then handler from inside, so i asked for a manager, and when he came i was trying to explain to him the situation but what shocked me is that from the beginning he was to aggressive with and he does not even want to listen to me, so i realized that this guy is no gooooood, by the way i am a regular customer so when i told him that, his answer was take your business, his argument was that things broke, and we are not responsible for them. the sad thing i called there office which is located in Malden, guess what the woman who is responsible for taking complaints is never available. i used to spent at least $200 every month there. Not Any More. if i could i would rate it zero star."
437	3	"My mom and I decided to try the restaurant since we were staying at the Pinnacle Harbourfront Hotel. We had asked the hostess if we could site outside on the patio. No problems there. We had ordered 2 Pop (soda), which ended up costing $4, which we thought was expensive. For an appetizer, we ordered the crab cakes. My mom really enjoyed it- says it was made with lots of crab. My mom ordered the baby back ribs and I had ordered the prawn linguine. The entrees were pretty tasty. I enjoyed what I ordered. I ate the entire thing. For dessert, we ordered the lava cake. It came with some ice cream and some dabs of sauces on the side. Our server was nice, but pretty slow. I had even heard a few people ask the blonde server to get their bill because they had no idea where their server was. Next time, we will skip the pop and stick to water. The restaurant was not busy, so it was a little disappointing that the service was so slow. Decent food, good location."
140	2	We ate at this place all three mornings we were in Orlando this past weekend. The food was awesome and the servings were large! The first and third day we had breakfast there the service was so amazing! The two different ladies were very attentive and super friendly. The second day (different lady) was not as great but she was busy and alone so I will give her that. The place was very clean and a great atmosphere. Definitely recommended!
334	2	"Phenomenal, is the only word I can use to describe the food here. The ambiance, decor, beer and even service could be at its bottom and I would still drive through a Zombie Apocalypse to get here. However, everything is at epic proportions. Why is there not a line out the door at all times? I thank everyone's hard work in making this one of my favourite restaurants I have been to. If you have not been here you must, the culinary expertise and beer mastery is a thing of beauty."
372	2	This pharmacy has a terrible customer service. We need to wait 30 minutes for a single prescription drug. There are only 5 people behind us. None of them received their medications in the first 10 minutes. First time and not coming back to Walgreens. When I asked why so long they told me because this pharmacy is busy! So hire more people!!
312	1	"Try the grilled tips, turkey or steak. The char on them is awesome. The wings are better than average and the service is top notch."
286	3	"I really like all of the Buckhead life restaurants. When you go to one you know you will get a consistently good experience. Their ""summer dine around"" program is ingenious. Great marketing - give the person who thought of it a raise. It keeps me in their restaurants once a month and I spend a lot of $$$$ each time. At kyma we started with the grilled octopus and all the reviews are true - it's awesome. So tender. Calamari was good too but grilled octopus is still my favorite. For dinner I had the sea bream. Excellent. With white bean salad (I recommend). Eggplant side was also great. For dessert I had the chocolate lava cake with warm sauce inside. If you love chocolate, get this. It was great. I had the 'nut' ice cream. Forgot exact name. It was just ok. My friends ice cream was creamier and better. The nuts made it too lumpy. Wasn't too bad - I still ate it. Hehe"
776	2	"Have been here twice, and I live 300 miles away. Stopped in the first time a week ago and I had the Guru Rice while my wife had Noble Broccoli...they were both awesome and we left totally full. Power combo of flavor and portion size with these dishes. Then today we were swept back to Portland on the trade winds and decided to stop in with our friends. everyone enjoyed their food. we even shared around. even our non-vegan friend loved his food...so this place is a win."
211	2	We went there for restaurant week and had an amazing experience. The service was among the best I've ever experienced and the food was also incredible. They were able to accommodate many allergies and food preferences at my table without any problems.
737	1	"Large, store with plenty of parking, seems to always be busy. Clean, organized, but not a lot of staff around. This store has the usual Target stuff...electronics, clothing, home, children's...and it also has food & pharmacy!"
727	3	"I love ramen like a fat kid loves cake. I consider myself to be a ramen connoisseur of sorts. As far as flavor goes, Sapporo ramen is in the big leagues. The noodle consistency is great and the broth is lava hot. There are a couple of things that bug though: 1) Invariably, with pretty much any flavor ramen you order, but possibly more with the ""butter ramen,"" there is a 3mm layer of oil that sits right on top of all that fragrant broth. I always forget about it, which is probably why I keep on going back for more, but am reminded every time I'm presented with the bowl, that I should have brought with me one of those oil separator measuring cups. 2) At 7 bucks for the bare minimum shoyu ramen, I wish there was more ramen -- not to mention, one week that I went there, it seemed as if the price went UP while simultaneously, once slice of pork went away forever, never to grace my bowl again. How how u gonna play that off? Raise the price and take 1/4 of the meat away? That's just wrong. 3) This being the only ramen place in 4 square miles, it gets crowded. That means you will have to share a table with someone, and this person or persons (it could be a whole family) will be sitting very very close to you. You will know about all their personal affairs by the time the meal is over."
595	2	"Leaky Roof is one of our favorite places for date night. You really can't beat the country fried chicken - I don't think I've ever had a better one. Also, the shepherd's pie is great, and I also love the salads and burgers. The fire is cozy, and it's often possible to get good deals through Groupon or their direct text deals. There are a few dishes that I would not recommend - the salmon on the cedar plank was quite dry the one time I had it. And the smoked platter was not my favorite. That could be personal taste, though. Great Happy Hour, but can be crowded unless you show up early..."
407	1	"Very happy with my experience here! After calling nearly 5 different business searching for a rug cleaning, I came upon Yayla. Quick turnaround, reasonable price, and my rug looks fantastic!! Definitely recommend."
253	3	"We stopped by here on a Saturday night, and the place was full (small restaurant). Luckily, we made reservations and were seated right away. The place doesn't look like much from the outside (off the main No. 3 road area of Richmond), but the inside is nicely decorated. We ordered: Salmon tartar ($9): this came in a martini glass with nori wrappers on the side. I liked the combination of the chopped salmon, salmon roe, avocado and mango in a soy dressing. Black cod miso ($14): this was really good, not too overpowered by the miso, but the slice of black cod was pretty small. However, I would order it again since it tasted good. Sushi set ($20): this came with a California roll and various pieces of sushi. They use real crab in the roll, and it tasted pretty good. Assorted tempura dinner set $14): the tempura was nice and lightly fried. The dinner set came with miso soup, rice, sunonomo, and spinach. We were getting full by this point, so we didn't order the famed crème brulee, so we'll have to make sure to save room for dessert next time. This is probably the best sushi restaurant that I have tried in the Richmond area: make reservations and try them out."
775	3	"I purchased my tank from The Wet Spot about 10 years ago. This tank was very successful - most of the fish living for a very long time. We decided to add live plants and a couple new fish about 3 years ago. That was the last time I was there. Customer service at that time was severely lacking and almost all employees seemed rude/agitated. Maybe you could blame that one on the severe humidity in the place - it's almost unbearable. We wandered in there yesterday, the whole time my bf muttering under his breath about how he didn't want to be there, didn't want to deal with anyone's shitty attitude, and thought the place was overpriced..... I just wanted to test the water in our tank, add some new fish, maybe a frog and some cool plants. Enter Colby...... the MOST helpful, patient fish person EVER!! He tested the water, gave us suggestions to up the pH level and spent the next hour with us. He helped us pick out fish, lights, plants..... He was Awesome. I'm so glad we decided to give them another shot. As long as Colby is there, we will continue to go back."
122	1	"The dishes were executed flawlessly and they were presented beautifully. Minus a star for the seemingly rushed service. Our server breezed through the description of the dishes. All in all, it was a great dining experience. (Had the 14 course meal with pairing.)"
115	2	We've been big fans of Occidental and Urban German and couldn't wait for this to open. It didn't disappoint! The schnitzel was amazing and we can't wait to go back for the spätzle...it was already sold out! Bridge views make this place over the top! So glad this is in St Johns and can't wait to go back!
374	2	My daughter loves this place. The quality of the food is consistent and good. I normally just get the fried shrimp but she gets the shrimp/crab legs combos and has never been disappointed. We have only had take out but my daughter says everyone has been nice to her each time she has gone. The only reason I didn't give it more stars is because it has to be the best food ever for me to give it more than 3 stars.
571	3	"Two stars for friendly service and base for seating. However my experience with the meal was Far Beyond and satisfactory. So much so that I did not finish my meal. My husband had ordered the chicken sandwich and I ordered the hot chicken plate. He also ordered the fries with no pickle. After we had sat down they brought my husband the fries and said he could have them on the house because they accidentally put pickle but they would be bringing out a new order without the pickle. In my opinion that was a very good move however the new backs they brought out had a hair in it and we ended up not eating it nor did we bother to bring it to the front. Why? Because by this time we had also received our main meals and those were so unsatisfactory is that we had some get up as not a good food place so no point to ask for new ones. My chicken plate was nothing but mush. The chicken was so thin or had been pounded so much that it had tears in the middle so really it was only a mangled piece of chicken covered in so much breading and sauce that it tasted like mushy meat when eating it. My husband's chicken sandwich suffered the same but also lacked an incredible amount of flavor. It was so Bland! I expected so much more from this place because of the reviews, however when we were there we could tell a lot of people had ordered the tofu sandwich. The few people that we saw eating the chicken sandwich had actually deconstructed it and ate it with fork and knife. I was incredibly unhappy with the quality of my meal I couldn't even finish it! I ended up leaving and going to chicken and gun and thoroughly enjoyed my meal there! I'm upset that we had to waste 30 plus dollars to find out that this place was just another fail of a good review location"
899	1	this is not real mexican food...watered down salsa with a buncha salt! Cheap but not good. I got tacos and they sucked. sorry but it's the truth.
450	1	My entree wasn't good but my husband said his was very good. Dirty martini wasn't dirty! But the main reason we wouldn't return is the BLASTING music which included rap! Not really enjoyable with dinner!
332	2	"I have ventured over to Wahoo's a few times for lunch and recently went on a Saturday with the family during SXSW. The food is good and comes out pretty quickly. It seems like a good portion for the money which you would expect from Mexican, but isn't always the case in Austin. We like the Burritos and the Fish Tacos. While you are there, you definitely need to try the Bulldog which is essentially a Margarita topped off with Corona. If you are looking for an inexpensive good meal while in SOCO, this is good place to visit."
844	1	"This is a good default breakfast place. There service is always very good. They have a large menu. Nothing is truly amazing here, but everything I've had is good. There is something on the menu for most people here."
588	2	"This was my first time at Papi's and I fell in LOVE with it!! The ambience is very trendy with the perfect Latin flair to it. The food, so tasteful!! I loved how juicy my chicken was, and the seasoning was on point!!! The service there is also very friendly and helpful! I will most definitely be returning here. I was very impressed with the quality of the food and the pricing was very reasonable! Loved it here!!"
270	2	"Clean, comfortable hotel, with good breakfast buffet included. Convenient to the airport, Florida Realtors, and Semoran. Good value for the price. Spacious lobby, and they provide ""snack"" bags at the front desk with fruit and a granola bar or cookie. At time of this stay major road work was being done on TG Lee & other side streets."
90	2	"This Chicken Express has been doing it right for years now. I've never had a problem, the service is always top notch, and the place is always squeaky clean - dining area, exterior, bathrooms, even the kitchen appears much cleaner than other fast food place from what I can see. I love their fried chicken liver and the manager told me that because they make each batch fresh that they are happy to take my order over the phone if I call ahead so that I don't have to wait at the restaurant for the 6 minutes or so that it takes to cook. I live just down the street and I have taken them up on this offer several times. Even if it's just one order of 6 chicken livers, they are happy to cook them up fresh so they are ready when I arrive. Now THAT is exceptional customer service. Thanks Chicken E!"
3	2	I've stayed at many Marriott and Renaissance Marriott's and this was a huge disappointment! The front desk and atrium is nice..there is a starbucks on site which is nice. The rooms are run down and old. There is a flat screen but that is to be expected of a Renaissance. We got this hotel via Priceline at a rate of $75/night...good deal for the price but this is not a true Renaissance.
440	2	"Best prices for emissions test w/o skimping on service. Wait was a bit long, but papi who did my car was funny and very nice. I brought my other car the the next day."
119	1	"The cost isn't expensive and it is very good. For me, places like Voodoo is too sweet for me, but it is not the case for Donut Palace. The donut itself is very airy and absolutely delicious when bitten down. I have only been there once, but I'm already enjoying it a lot!"
45	1	"Dont bother going to voodoo, just come here instead. They have such unique flavors and everything is so fresh. Oh, and try their cold brew too!"
715	3	"Service here is spectacular! Our family ate dinner here after an unsuccessful attempt to dine at Gracias Madre (their staff was out on a beach vacation...I WANT IN!). We were kind of bummed, but Tin Shed really brought our spirits up with their kindness, home-styled foods, and rustic vibes. It was a cold night, and we were that annoying tourist family that requested to sit by the fireplace outdoors. They didn't have any indoor spots available. I loved the space. Our super sweet host told us that blankets were available should we need them--that's quality service in the ears of Californians. Our server was a tall down-to-earth boy who checked on us at the right times. We enjoyed some pints of local beer and literally licked clean all of our plates. Their food is veggie-friendly and there are options for everyone from burgers to salads. Tin Shed is also dog-friendly in the patio (and they offer dog desserts too!) and such a comfort-feel space. This place is a great place for family night or even for a chill date."
945	1	I used to love this place. Just had the most tasteless meal ever. You could not teal the chicken from the noodles in the low mien. The hot and sour soup was neither. I don't expect the best meal ever from delivery shop but this sets a new low. Last dollar spent here! Go elsewhere.
671	3	"Went to Bosphorous 2 weeks ago with my sisters for lunch. I was actually looking forward to it because it used to be one of my favorite restaurants in park avenue. As usual, we ordered humus and bread. Since we were sharing, I wanted to scoop some humus and put it in my plate. As I was doing that I noticed hair, as it was inside the humus. I immediately put my fork down and waited for a waiter. He was new so his trainer deeply scrutinized the plate in front of us, not believing. He was liked away where it was sunny and looked through the humus again, then again. I was appalled that he had to comb through the dish so many times, when he cold have simply apologized and brought a new one. After 5 mins, the manager came to speak to us with all sorts of excuses. He started by saying that he berated all his staff in the kitchen, mentioned that no one in the it hen has long hair and that the brush they used to use would shed. He went on to elaborate that when a costumer found hair in the past, it was just brush hair and the costumer was being ""extra"". I didn't like the demeaning nature of this manager. I felt like he treated us like this because we were young because I'm pretty sure if we were older and looked different m, he wouldn't have all these excuses. We ate our dinner, which was good and left. I doubt I'll be going back anytime soon, if ever."
674	2	"Thank you yelp, in the ATL for a day and we were looking for great chicken and waffles. Took your advice and found the great unassuming little restaurant in a strip center that was absolutely #fantastic. The Chicken and Bacon Cheddar Waffles was perfect, perfect moist fried chicken and the waffle was just great. We also ordered the southern breakfast and again ---- just perfect. I consider myself a grits snob and these did not disappoint. Creamy, no clumps and when I cut those fried eggs in, #omg. #justsayin. On my next trip to Atlanta I will definitely return."
649	1	"Better than Voodoo. THERE I SAID IT. As an Austinite I know I am expected to like Voodoo because of their location in Austin but they seem too gimmicky in my honest opinion. Blue Star is more subdued but still comes up with inventive flavors that do not have me thinking ""what the hell did I just eat."" Great donuts, even greater line."
141	3	"On a lark (which is a bird according to wikipedia and doesn't really make a whole lot of sense used in the phrase 'on a lark') we decided to try something different for dinner and went to Cafe Josie. This was an excellent decision (and no larks were harmed in the process). The restaurant is hidden behind 6th St. and is in a quiet area, contrasting with the typical douche parade on other parts of 6th. The interior is spartan but breezy and the detail is placed on the presentation and preparation of the food, which is, to me, more important than trying to make a place look fancy but serving crapy food. We had the grilled lobster cakes as an appetizer. They were cooked well and the cilantro and chipotle aioli complimented them well. For dinner my girlfriend had the green chile polenta, which she enjoyed, while I had the pepita redfish. I've eaten redfish cooked a variety of ways across the gulf coast but the spiced crust and habenro butter made it very exotic and thoroughly enjoyable. I'd reccomend this place to anyone who's never had cuisine from the tropics, or to anyone who wanted to get some great food at a reasonable price."
819	3	"I always avoided getting our carpets cleaned at our old house because it seemed like such a hassle, but I made a vow to do better in the new place. Several people on our neighborhood FB page recommended Peacefrog so I decided to give them a try. Called on NYE day and got a friendly scheduler who explained everything. The technician, Mike, arrived on time and worked quickly. He was aware of our cat and gave him a chance to hide before getting started. We had a pet stain that wouldn't come up and we weren't charged for the extra cleaning attempt. Carpet looks great and the whole thing (upstairs and stairs only) took about two hours, plus drying time. Good job! Definitely would use again."
793	3	"I met up with a friend here the other day on a sunny afternoon. First of all, I love the name of this place. I had never been here before but my friend recommended it as she lived in the area. The cafe is on the smaller side in terms of available seating, but the kitchen space is much bigger, as they not only serve bubble tea, but breakfast and snacks too. I didn't check out the food menu, but the drinks menu is quite extensive. I really liked that they offered two different sizes for the bubble tea. There are just some days where a full size is too much, but the smaller size (500mL at $3.50) was very reasonable, and still more than enough to get your fix. I'm a bubble tea purist at heart so I ordered the milk tea with pearls, half sweet. I loved it. The bubbles were soft and chewy, the perfect consistency. The milk tea was also nice and refreshing, and tasted like actual black tea rather than the powdery milk tea drinks I'm usually accustomed to. Although I had ordered it half sweet, it still had the perfect amount of sweetness to it. I've had bubble teas in the past where my teeth literally ached from all the sugar, but this one was just right. They also have daily $2 specials which is practically unheard of in this day and age. I can't wait to go back. An awesome bubble tea gem!"
429	2	Nice bar. The photos here do not do it justice as it is very well laid out and has a modern feel. Servers were attentive and drinks were on point. The crowd here is very mixed age-wise but hat may be a Austin thing in general. May be over shadowed by the 6th street glitz and lights but definitely worth stopping by. Stop by on college game days and enjoy. We didn't stay for the live music but something tells me we should have.
901	3	"Like what other Yelpers have said before: What a great hideaway in Central Square! Yelpers can take FOREVER to decide on a restaurant, especially with our star rating, price range, category of food, and neighborhood locale computing in our little heads. I was actually surprised that Jessika picked this place, since she hates Chinese food. But this is different than what you might usually find. The dishes actually tasted more Taiwanese than anything else I've tried before. For a party of five, we had no wait on a Friday night! She was quite fascinated with the background of the food in the introduction of the menu. For dishes, we had the Shogo Nurmtak (appetizer) , Chhasha Curry (chicken), Langsha Duluma (beef), Langsha Momo (steamed dumplings), Gonga Deyngo (pork fried rice). All the descriptions and other choices are in menu pages, so be sure to check that out! All in all, the food was very tasty and well seasoned. It is not greasy at all and not the kind of food that you would regret eating afterwards. Darn the Chinese for their unruly occupation!"
683	3	"I realize this place has good reviews, but I was not at all impressed. One Dr. there is nice and the other is not so nice. I was hoping to have the nicer Dr. but kept getting the other one and it was highly frustrating. It is weird to not have any privacy and be out in the open with other people staring at you. It seemed that regardless of what the complaint was, the Dr. would do the same exact procedure on everyone. That can't be right. If I had a neck complaint, he would do the same song and dance as someone that had a lower-back complaint. I noticed this and thought it was strange. I found it unnerving to have to have adjustments done while other people stared at me, but that's the nature of this open environment. Just not my cup of tea."
70	3	"I think SideBar is the only restaurant downtown where you can have a 2 hour lunch and only spend 15 minutes of that actually eating and enjoying it. The rest is spent waiting. Mainly for grilled cheese, which apparently takes 45 minutes to make. Maybe they were furiously Googling the ingredients or something? Who knows. But for some reason it took an ungodly amount of time and was last to the table. The service was also slow, mainly because as our waitress noted, they don't have trays so she couldn't carry drinks or food for 4 people, which resulted in multiple runs back to the kitchen and bar. Which is understandable because it TOTALLY makes sense to not have serving trays in a restaurant. I mean, how out of place would that be? Trays? In a restaurant? I can't imagine. That would be like having alcohol at a bar. Too foreign a concept. Anyway. I get it isn't the best or classiest place downtown, so I cut it some slack, but an obscene wait for food and a borderline inept waitress are two things you don't want to deal with on a Thursday when you are a hung over and hungry group because you all maybe had one martini too many the previous night."
936	3	"An incredible dining experience! Four of us had dinner one Saturday night and still talk about the outstanding service and food! Two people in our party have food restrictions. Our server went above and beyond to make sure we had safe meals that were still delicious. Everything is made to order, even the sauces!! I assumed I wouldn't be able to have a pasta dish because o cannot have garlic or onion. The chef was able to creat a sauce just for me! Another person in our party had the gluten free pasta (the only pasta on the menu that is not made in house) and it was REALLY good! The restaurant is small, but very cozy in a good way. It's ideal for a romantic date. Tables are very close together, but once you're seated you don't feel overcrowded. There are only 15 or so table total. Make a reservation! We cannot wait to go back!"
813	3	"My house is two blocks from here, and it's taken me this long to try Sauced due to the mediocre reviews found here, as well as word of mouth. Based on my experience last night, my concerns were unwarranted. Dined with a friend, and we shared; pork cracklins - delicious, perfectly fried, seasoned well, and way bigger serving than I expected, black-eyed pea fritters - delicious, perfectly fried, larger than I expected (Asian chili dipping sauce good, but the others were meh), white bratwurst - not my cup of tea, so I shouldn't speak to this one, caesar salad - very enjoyable, grilled effect was quite nice, skewer trio (selected brisket, chicken, & shrimp) - this was quite a mediocre dish, came with weird uncomplimentary sauces, only thing I had that I wouldn't recommend. PS This was way too much food, we totally rolled out of there. My plan is to return with my man, have a couple drinks, some pork cracklins and black-eyed pea fritters, and call it a night. On the drink side, the menu was nice. Turn the page to get past the $10 house cocktails, as the second page has the $6 ones. I had a Harvey Wallbanger, quite nice. My friend had a sazerac which he enjoyed. All in all we had a great experience. Total tab was $55. The decor was comfortable, not at all as overwrought or kitschy as I was expecting. We sat in the back on the rounded booth which was quite comfortable. The noise level was very acceptable until just before we left when the place was packed, about 8:30pm on a Thu. And Ria was playing hostess. She was extremely welcoming, and gave us our pick of table. I consider this a great addition to the hood. And I'm looking forward to coming back, sitting on the front deck, having a cocktail, and enjoying the street scene."
818	1	I ate here 4 times in my week in Portland. Partly because it was across the street from my friend's house but mostly because it was really good. The oatmeal pancakes were really really good. And the short stack is still huge. Their organic syrups are super amazing.
791	1	"This was one of the few physical therapy places in the Boston area recommended to me by Massachusetts General Hospital for help with a broken wrist. It was great in all aspects, and I would also highly recommend."
957	3	"This was my first time I visited one of the chain's restaurants. Despite it being middle of the lunch hour the place was not packed, only two people in line in front of me. The cashier was efficient though not very courteous. I ordered the Classic 1/3 pound Thick Burger (which similar to McDonalds' 1/3 pounder is also made of Angus beef), small fries and a small drink. I got a plastic number tag to place on my table. The washroom was not very dirty or stinky but it could have used a flush and a scrub. My food arrived at my table after less than 5 minutes (it's nice that you don't have to wait by the cashier for your name or number to be called), but without my drink, so I had to go and get a cup from the cashier. The tray was clean but it had a bump which made it wobbly. It was also a bit too small. The hamburger was in a paper wrapper inside a thick paper box. The order of fries was of decent size even though it's called 'small'. Each table has a napkin dispenser which is convenient. The burger was good size, fresh veggies and just a little bit too much sauce. The patty was not too greasy although it could use a small boost of extra flavour or maybe some pickle slices. The fries were nice, crispy outside and moist inside, and not too salty. All in all satisfying meal. The place looks like a typical fast food restaurant but it has a special plaque to commemorate its founder. I did not see tables with dirty trays on them left uncleared. There is a long bar-like table at the street level floor plus tables for 2 and 4 people. At the other floor there is another long table, tables for 2 people and 4 booth tables. The front door is a bit heavy and difficult to open, and to get to the cashier you have to climb about 6-7 stairs. This location might not be accessible to handicapped people."
292	3	"This is a pretty cool, newer trailer on North Loop right before it merges into the asphalt of Airport Boulevard. You might be tired of fusion tacos, but this is still worth a visit. I've had: - The Texican. Fried chicken and avocado, pretty good. - The Baja Fry. Tilapia and avocado, an excellent taco even with with Quality Seafood's offerings looming just down the street. - The Pineapple Pork. Pork carnitas and pineapple with scallions, also pretty good. - The Kim Lee BBQ. Korean BBQ pork with kimchi and scallions, on 2 toasted Hawaiian sweet rolls. This was amazing, a perfect blend of sweetness from the rolls and savory from everything else. It was like the ultimate stoner food (not a bad consideration keeping in mind the neighborhood around it, especially considering that they apparently deliver nearby until 10pm most nights. Hmm....). Most tacos are $3.75, with the exception of the larger items like the Kim Lee, which is $5.75 and deserves every penny of its price tag. This trailer seems to prefer corn tortillas for the tacos, which is fine with me. Next time I'll probably check out the Mexican Bun Dog, which puts sausage and bacon on the Hawaiian sweet rolls, and sounds too good to pass up."
213	3	"This is my new cleaner. My old cleaner started out with one day turn around, then it became three, they lost things and ruined things. I found this new cleaner through Yelp friends. They are fast, polite. They have coupons discount for first second and third time customers through their website. (though the website part through Qwest has been flaky) They continue to delight me with their service: ""Do you have a substitute for the plastic bags covering the newly cleaned clothes?"" (they do). ""I lost some __, do you know where I can buy some in town?"" ""We have them, how many do you need?"" All above and beyond! The traffic flow in the area is tricky, suggest approaching them from Broadway and PSU. Good service!"
330	2	"I felt that the menu was limited to regional fare which has been made in a gourmet style in order to justify small portions at reasonably high prices. The actual food was well prepared and tasty, but really,two small fish tacos with no accoutrements is an entree in Austin? My husband's entree was a piece of chicken. Period. Sides are separate. Now, quality was good, but if I hadn't had peanuts before we went, I'd have left hungry. I also thought the menu was limited."
888	2	"Delicious ice cream and amazing prices on Quest bars! They have a really good selection of toppings, and the free sprinkles on Saturday are great. Also, I got to talking with the owners and they are very helpful and attentive. Great little find!"
602	2	"I got takeout of house Lo Mein, bamboo shoot in chilli oil, mapo tofu with pork, Jin's schiuan beef, slice roast beef tendon and crab Rangoon. I was very disappointed with their Lo Mein. It's like they just boiled the noodle and mix in some soy sauce. I was really looking forward to that wok smell. The bamboo did not have enough chilli oil. I thought the Sichuan beef and the beef tendon and the tofu dish were authentic because of the Sichuan peppercorn."
900	1	Lots of cute accessories for the pre-tween girl. Only buy when there is a sale - other wise everything is ridiculously overpriced. I've always had decent luck with the sales staff. Friendly and helpful.
835	3	"I recently took two of my D.C. buddies here to ""experience"" Austin. Why did I do this? Because up until my last visit there, which happened to be on a Friday morning, I have always enjoyed this restaurant. Their food is very good, and that is the only reason I have left them 2 stars. However, their hostess actually ignored me for a good 30 seconds when I walked in because she was playing 'read my lips' with someone across the room. As a customer, I found this to be disrespectful. Then she tried to seat us next to the kitchen- when I pointed to an available table on the other side of the room, she got pissy. At this point I was just embarrassed that this restaurant was going to be my guest's first impression of Austin. The drinks are overpriced and plain. I won't be going back, South Congress Cafe has become absurdly busy and pretentious...maybe South Congress in general has just lost its charm."
87	2	"My favorite hangout, great music, unpretentious cool people and cheep PBR. Besides the concerts, The most fun nights are ""Heroes""(80ies Party) and ""xMortis""(Goth)"
651	1	"Received a box of assorted chocolates for Christmas. Absolutely delicious, especially the coconut items and the truffles. Ordering again for myself."
428	2	"My Fave ramen restaurant downtown! Food You get 3 basic ramen choices, soy sauce, miso and spicy miso for around $8. I don't know if it's their special miso, pork or their brilliant soup staff, their broth is by far one of the best I have ever had the honour tasting. I would order take-out just because of the soup! Service & atmosphere It gets loud, the servers were shouting orders over each other. It is a tiny nook, it's design resembles a bento box, woody, dark and crammed. Recommendation I am a huge believer! Once you try their broth everything else is inconsequential."
202	3	"Sooooo happy we found this place. I have been wanting to go for awhile but Husband (never having had tapas) was resistant (although he loves seafood, rice and ham - go figure!). Thanks goodness for the power outage last week! I convinced him to go here (""like dim sum honey- only Spanish food...you know, like jamon???!!!""). From the phone call to see if they were open to the moment we walked in, we felt welcomed and the friendliness was obviously sincere. The place does look like a veritable tapas bar (memories of Spain). The menu was everything I had hoped. Fortunately Karly (or Carly?) was very helpful and we managed to choose some top notch tapas (although I can't imagine anything here not being delish). After our meal, Pepe suggested a sherry for desert and he was spot on. He chatted with us for awhile and it was most enjoyable. Cannot wait to go back! Pros: everything Cons: need more friends so we can order more variety :)"
841	1	"I first time here, but I like this place!) See u soon again , thank you so much for amazing coffee ) and sandwich))) mmmm yammy yammy)) ."
542	1	"Great food & Service,glad i stopped in for the 1st time,may u all have a great 2018. buy local stay local,thank you"
467	2	"The Regents team is incredible. Although I couldn't proceed in living there, I can vouch that their staff is INCREDIBLY kind, dedicated and concerned about your experience. They probably have the most attentive leasing team that I've ever seen."
435	3	"You must try the Smokey Portobello Soup!!! This is the best soup I have ever had in my life. I'm going to Artist Point again for dinner next month...I may see what I can do about taking some to go or finding out the recipe or something...I somehow need to find a way to have this besides my annual trip to Disney World. I can't believe no pictures of it are posted on yelp yet-posting one now. Anyways, I'ma big mushroom fan so I may be biased but I swear the seasoning with this soup...hands down...best---evahhhh! The rest of my meal was fantastic but I just kept daydreaming about my portobello soup. When will I be able to eat it again? What's in it? How can I recreate that at home? Okay, anyways, on to the rest of my food! I had the Cedar Plank Roasted Wild King Salmon with spring vegetables, Citrus-Miso Buerre Blanc, and parsley oil. It came out perfectly cooked, perfectly seasoned. One of the best salmons I've ever put in my belly! I can't remember what dessert I had...but it was just meh. I'm a huge chocolate dessert fan and they didn't have anything super duper chocolatey the way I like it. The meal was pricey---so be prepared. We were on the Disney Dining Plan so didn't mind the money...it's 2 Table Service credits on the Dining Plan. Service was excellent and it was smack dab in the middle of the Wilderness Lodge which is absolutely gorgeous! The decor reminded me very much of Frank Lloyd Wright with the lines & nature. I'm a huge FLW fan so I loved it! Take a stroll outside after dinner to watch the geyser and then hop on the boat back to Magic Kingdom!"
939	1	"I've been to Gusto many times and it is always great! You can't beat their happy hour. All of their apps and pizzas are so good! We just went their for brunch recently as well and everything was delicious. I got the polenta dish and it was sooooo good. Pancetta was a little salty, but I didn't mind! I'm looking forward to going back for more happy hours and brunches soon! The service is always stellar as well."
277	2	Great burgers and vibes. The staff is always friendly and ready to assist however they can. The food is the real star of this place. I've thoroughly enjoyed the Lamb burger and the ribs so if you'd like some great flavor start there.
624	3	"Nice pub ambience, on the small side with just a few seats at the actual bar itself. Comfortable booths, several tables and chairs. We arrived at around 1:30 on drizzly Saturday afternoon and there was plenty of seating available, so we grabbed a booth. Instantly attended to and the staff was super friendly and helpful. I don't know what probs other reviewers had, but we had none. We enjoyed the Proletariat Red, simply delicious and not too hoppy, not too sweet...just riiiiiight. I had the chicken ciabatta club sandwich and Mother Mary was it delicious! Thick salty bacon, freshly grilled & slightly smoky chicken breast, sliced red onion and all the fixings on a warm and chewy ciabatta roll - which was a carb lover's wet dream. Chose the tomato soup (oh how I wanted those fries but alas, the starchy carbs of the ciabatta roll cancelled those out).... My compadre enjoyed a Blue Cheese burger or something of that sort. Had mushrooms and crumbled bleau cheese on his beef. I know he thoroughly enjoyed it because he had visible and audible Foodgasms - moaned and groaned through his entire meal. He then emailed me later to tell me how fantastic his food was and can we please go back there soon!? If you're ambling around Westmoreland/Sellwood (this is not technically Sellwood - but whatever) and you're hungry, stop in here for sure. Great little neighborhood pub!"
281	1	"Wow, i finally get to go to one of my favorite bbq places from ohio, but here in Atlanta! There pork is always juicy and the brisket(rare in Georgia) ia always good too. Be sure to ask for a free side of bark, if you like the burnt crusty outside of the meat."
661	2	"Waited over 30 minutes for my free birthday pizza on July 29th, 2016 in the afternoon after getting salad and soda. I saw a small cardboard box sitting on an inactive heating tray. I said it must be mine and got it. Angry that no one said my name at all while waiting all that time and left with my full bags."
897	1	"Delicious cheese steak and Great service. Will def go back. Calorie explosion though, so expect to be FULL and would recommend for hangover."
731	1	"Good, authentic Taiwanese beef noodles. $10.75 per bowl. Costs an extra $1 for wide noodles."
843	3	"I like it. I work very close to this place and I've only gotten their food delivered. That being said I've never dined in the actual establishment. So far I've tried: salad rolls: fresh and delicious with their perfectly spicy peanut sauce. Tomyum: it's ok. It's a little too sweet for my taste but some people like it that way. Pineapple fried rice: mmmmmmmmm, that is all. Tropical cashew crispy chicken: very delicious. My second favorite. Thai Smile chicken wing: OMG. The best on the menu. My favorite item here. There's a lot of good Thai in Portland and this is pretty legit. If you go I would recommend something off of he signature house special portion of the menu rather than the usual pad Thai or curry from this restaurant because I'm sure you've found your favorites of those elsewhere and it would be unfair to judge them that way."
32	2	I love ale house. I'm here all the time. The 1 star isn't for the place or for the service. The 1 star is for the management. You give absolutely zero respect to the game of soccer. I've been coming here since you opened and I've seen numerous times where you understaff for finals of tournaments where years past have shown you will be at capacity. It's a shame you have a great establishment and great employees. If only management could sort it out this place would be 5 stars
398	1	"Excellent service. I was able to schedule a move on fairly short notice, and Drew and Chris were quick, friendly, and professional. They finished up well within the time estimate l had been given."
129	3	"Wow. Thank you, Yelp. I am SO glad I found this place tonight. It definetely stands out among all the sub-par Indian food in the Boston/Allston area. For about $26 I have an entree (chicken tikka masala, my favorite), an appetizer sample platter (non-vegetarian, fyi), and onion pratha, a thick chewy slice of whole wheat bread with onions. Enough to last me for three meals, provided I stuff my self silly. So I may not know authenticity but I've had enough Chicken Tikka Masala to know good from bad. This was goooood... The mild spice level had plenty of flavor and kick. It was slightly creamy but moreso heavy on bold tomato flavor. Amazing. Finally something that doesn't taste like a school cafeteria's interpretation. The appetizers were surprisingly good, they lost their crunchiness because it was delivery but a few minutes in the stove took care of that. The vegetable pakora seriously made my knees wobble it was that good. The only (barely) low point was the bread tasting a little more bland than I was expecting. I'm not sure how onion pratha is supposed to taste, but I enjoyed it anyway. AND to top it off, the delivery guy walked the food up to my door, was polite, friendly, and wished me a good night. Love this place."
126	2	"Love this place! Their food and drink menus are both very creative, which is perfect for me. The Pumpkin Martini is delicious (ask for it with a cinnamon sugar rim). The Keylime Pie Martini is also amazing. They have a lengthy beer list as well. As far as food is concerned, the mac and cheese is scrumtrulescent (half portion is definitely sufficient). Also, the Rialto is lovely, and the bread pudding is heaven (generous portion, good to share). The service is generally phenomenal. The waitresses are really sweet and easy going, which makes the experience that much better. I've only experienced poor service here once. The girl had a pissy attitude and was simply unpleasant, but don't let that detour you from going to Parish; I'd give it 10 stars if that was an option."
341	1	Great food and service. Had the lobster and wife had the scallops. Both were very delicious. The dessert was the banana foster which was outstanding. Our sides were spinach and broccoli which was ok. Hard to give 5 stars but really great.
441	2	"The margaritas at Tico are extremely tasty and VERY strong! Two of these and you'll be feelin' fine! The food was delicious, but the portions are rather tiny and not very filling. Their mac and cheese, and their pork and the fried chicken tacos, were very good. Good place for drinks and an appetizer of two, can't say I'd recommend it for a while dinner unless you're willing to spend some major cash!"
820	3	"Since this place is located near some decent hotels and in an okay looking strip mall, I thought I'd give it a chance despite other reviews. I wouldn't expect the people I saw in here to stay in any motel other than one that rents by the hour. The food was actually pretty good. Hot and a decent selection despite the size. Number one problem is the inside. Run down, dirty carpets, a young girl sweeping right next to me as I ate. Number two, and probably the biggest reason to avoid is the clientele. The absolute dregs of humanity. If the guy talking very loudly in his phone didn't bother you, you could have picked from the idiot playing Pokémon as he went around the buffet. Oh wait, when he wasn't playing, he was definitely not disciplining his child. The little boy was screaming and yelling and he nor his wife did a thing. If you need a boost to your self esteem, come here and discover there are much more people not deserving to live on this planet. Feel good about yourself and thank the stars you aren't in this classless class of morons."
764	3	"The food is pretty OK there, but the service was good. One thing I really felt cheated is the ordering of the table side guacamole. We have 5 people in our party, when we placed the order for the guacamole, the server asked us since we have 5 people, do we want to have one more avocado for the guacamole. We were not aware of what that really mean, and we saw that he added one more avocado to the mix of the guacamole. Later on, we found out that the one extra avocado indeed cost us the full amount of additional order of the guacamole. We were charged for two guacamole when we are getting an order of guacamole with an extra avocado in the same container. If we were told that the extra avocado would cost us $12.00, we would go ahead to placed two separate order of the guacamole instead. In that case, we are really getting two guacamoles, and not one guacamole with an extra avocado. When we compare out guacamole to the ""single"" order of guacamole at the table next to use, they both looked about the same. There is no way that extra avocado should cost $12.00, I am perfectly OK if they charged $6.00 extra for each additional avocado, but adding just one more avocado to the existing order would turn it into a double order, that would be too much."
80	1	"What a gorgeous restaurant ! Three very different rooms to dine from three different parts of the world . Wow I am impressed, the food was amazing . Animal kingdom is just getting better and better by adding this gem. Avatar (pandora ) is set to open in May, can't wait!"
787	2	"Service, Sat with 2 friends at the bar. Craig was great. Knowledgeable, friendly and funny. Food, Calamari and Brescetta to start....both great. Entrees; Veal Marsala, Salmon, Veal spinach ALL GREAT. Can't say enough."
953	2	Imani (bartender) is the absolute best! I was very pleased with all of her recommendations and quite pleased with the drinks she made. Every time someone comes into to town we make a CowFish stop. My last guests brought children who were served bento boxes with the cutest rice crispy/sweetish fish treat on the side. I loved the service as well as the music!
153	2	"I loved the tuna tacos...deep fried rolled in corn tortilla..mmmmmmmm. Great with guac. And the migas were so yummy! My daughter always loves the breakfast tacos. On special occasions, I will get the chicken with mole sauce. SOOO good!!! Salsa is good too, fresh ingredients. I love all the fresh fruit drinks (frescas). My favorite is the white one (rice drink)...probably the worst for me. Great service, always friendly. I don't mind the cheap prices either. I love the atmosphere here, cool and hip. If you're traveling down Congress, find this place!... It's a diamond in the rough! Austinite now transpotted in FL but make going to Nueva Onda a priority every time I come home to visit."
506	1	Best place for wings and beer! Service is always great and food is always fresh. My 5 year old daughter loves the chicken tenders and frys's.
489	2	"We used Brooke for our wedding flowers and I cannot say enough good things about her and her work. She completely understood what I was going for and created bouquets that were better than I could have imagined. Every flower arrangement was bountiful and unique, without breaking the bank."
942	1	I had the Pad Kee Mao take-out and it was great. The place was very busy when I went and so it appears to be a popular place with the locals.
382	3	"Went for lunch today and was disappointed. I got some sort of steak sandwich with mushrooms and onions. First of all, for $18, there wasn't much steak which was very disappointing. I cant say if it was cooked to order or not since there was so little meat. There were certainly more mushrooms and onions than meat. Also, the bread was very crusty. Too crusty. The dish also came with french fries which were very greasy. Only half were edible. The rest seemed soaked in oil and were droopy. Overall, not a great meal. I certainly would not go back given the price. I can think of a number of places that are much better. Capital grill has an amazing steak sandwich (with two to three times as much meat) at the same price point. OR go to Servitzios down the street for much less he money and a better sandwich."
430	2	"First off go to the original off East 6th in Austin. I like a place with character and as soon as you walk in provides a good vibe that is warm, inviting, and just the right size. I love to start off my meal with the empanadas which are great. I have tried them all, but my favorite is probably carne picante. If you are looking for something light the mixed green salad is good too. As far and the main course goes my favorite dish hands down is the GNOCCHI QUARTET. It is AMAZING!!! Order this and you will leave happier and full. Definitely check this place out if you haven't. There are so many unique places in Austin and this is one of my favorites to go to."
606	2	"Delicious and nutritious! Came here late Tuesday night and ordered the ceviche chalupa. Party in my mouth, seriously! The chalupa stayed crunchy even though I dumped the whole side of salsa that it came with on it. I loved how it was made. They did not skimp out on the ingredients. I was full after one! I also had the black tea which was perfect on a TX summer night. For the price, quality, and really the most important thing--the taste, I'm sold! Bufalo Bob, I'll be back!"
464	2	"JRA has a great selection of rare-er protective gear and apparel than any place I've seen. They also stock a good amount of high end mountain bikes and twenty-niners, which is pretty cool. I haven't used their mechanics but their staff was so friendly and helpful to me that I felt compelled to post a review and recommend them to my friends. It's just a shame they're so far from me now, as I can't justify going so often."
344	1	Been eating here since it opened. The thrill is now gone but the food is still good and very affordable. Like that I can hit Lee's and Com in one trip for a great selection of international treats.
851	1	Good donuts but for $58 worth of them I wish they could've at least had my order right.
763	3	"Dinky place, big taste! If you want some traditional and great Chinese food you can find it here (note the roasted ducks with the heads still attached and you know you're in the right place). Try their BBQ pork, Chaxaw pork, BBQ cuttlefish, crispy skin pork, and the dishes they have written on the menu on the wall. The flavor is great, just like Chen's down the street. Place is small so I usually just do take out and eat at home but the flavor is not the same as if you dine in since they do something to the dish in the back (adding different type of sauces) which make the food taste batter (plus they heat it up). Try the noodles and wontons also, it's pretty good, but I rather have other type of noodles instead of yellow egg noodles). If you like Chinese food and want something different than typical take out places then this is the one you have to try!"
462	3	"We were having a family gathering pn September 23, '17 and decided to order some sushi. We called the order in at 12pm, so we could have it ready for pick up at 6pm. We arrived at 6pm and the employees told us the order wasn't ready. Then they said that they were busy and had a lot of large orders. I have to say my Family has been in the restaurant business for 40 years and if we ever treated customers like this, we would have never survived. FYI, THE REASON WE ORDERED THE FOOD SO EARLY IN THE DAY, WAS SO WE WOULDN'T HAVE TO WAIT WHEN ALL THE ORDERS WERE COMING IN FOR THE DINNER RUSH. Very bad customer service. I won't be returning."
502	1	This place was great! I wish they had more room because we were eating on the way back to Houston and it would have been nice to sit and enjoy the biscuits!
161	3	"I highly recommend TLC Laser for anyone looking into LASIK or PRK surgery. The free consult was informative and trustworthy. Just had my actual procedure yesterday and the whole process from start to finish was seamless. I'm 39 years old and have struggled with contacts and glasses for years and years. I only wish I had opted for Laser much sooner. TLC is definitely a reputable center with a reputable surgeon and trained support staff. The overall cost seems pricey compared to other offers, but well worth the peace of mind and care provided."
541	3	"A Dive Bar in every sense of the word. You walk in and you're immediately greeted with the smell of a place that still always you to smoke inside, now at 2am when I've been drinking and bar hopping for hours I don't mind this, at 6 in the afternoon I recognize it and can do without it. It's dimly lit and their are Christmas lights hanging from the ceiling which is a nice touch. There are two pool tables by the entrance and a modern juke box to select your favorite tunes you enjoy listening to. What Dive Bar wouldn't be complete without an ATM inside? The bar itself is long with plenty of sits and the drinks are cheap which I love. There are a mix of booths, high tables and bar chairs and it's a pretty spacious bar, if you love the neighborhood bar feel this may be the place for you!"
16	3	"I loved everything about this place. I've only been once but I keep meaning to go back as it was so great (just a bit out of my way). I went with a fairly large group so we'd all ordered something different (back when it was $6 for everything, it looks like they've changed that now). At the time I got the chickpea fries, which were delicious but watch out for the fiber because I had to sit out of an entire board game. The board game selection was great, and I love that they serve mead (though I didn't get any at 12 pm haha). The molten lava chocolate cake was so, so good. Seriously. The real topping to the experience (other than the great service and the fact that they put lemons in their complimentary ice water) was that they were playing Siouxsie and the Banshees in the background! That + board games + good food + mead = I'm a fan forever."
549	2	"Nice place, good people, huge menu. Toast burned, but potatoes, poached egg and oatmeal were very good. I did not even ask for almond or soy milk for the coffee. Woburn is not progressive. Reasonable prices."
998	1	Great drinks at the tequila bar! Cierra recommended awesome drinks! Fast and spunky and she totes loves her gig!
774	3	"So, line up outside the door, but plenty of clean and empty tables inside. Waltz up to the hostess to be ignored... Charming. Told 15 minute wait, sure thing, we'll head to a store nearby for a look and come back shortly. Again, empty tables everywhere, but still a line up out the front. Ordered food, said food was delivered to the table. Wait staff only barely able to muster up enough 'customer service' to scrape by... I made the mistake of ordering the shrimp... Spent the rest of my Saturday in the bathroom throwing my insides up. Pleasant. Needless to say I will never be back, as I've since heard other horror stories from other patrons at various other Max & Erma's. Lift your game. I don't like having a New Years long weekend destroyed by a third rate meal and then the after effects of what can only come down to poor kitchen practices. I should probably report this establishment to the appropriate authorities."
503	2	"East Van hole-in-the-wall in the style of all classic hole-in-the-walls: tasty food + questionable cleanliness + rock bottom prices. Friends speak well of their Adobo Chicken, went for that and added Pancit Bihon (fried noodles with shredded chicken & veg). Hoped it would be enough for two hungry humans. Silly us, these two dishes were enough to feed 3 or 4 normal Vancouverites. The food was good - nothing amazing, just solid homestyle cooking reminiscent of meals made by my Filipino friends' parents back in the day. We'll definitely be back. Pro tip: 2015 Entertainment Book nets $8 off a two entree order, it was so inexpensive for what we got that we actually felt kind of guilty about it."
881	2	"I've only tried 1 type of sandwich, and I've inhaled it every time! Simply amazing! The prosciutto with red pepper. Price: under 10 bucks for a sandwich and drink. Service: Fast and efficient once you get to the front of the line. Be prepared to line up to order, they are making the sandwiches as fast as they can but can't keep up with the droves of hungry peeps. Lunch time is especially busy. Selection: Italian deli with meats, pastas, sauces, other Italian delicacies Seating:Theres only 2 outdoor tables so better off going for take out. Parking: Free street parking but not that many spots around. Payment: Cash, Credit Cards, Debit."
457	1	"The food here is amazing... they have wicked fast carryout and if you order to pick up, the food is hot and fresh."
944	3	"I wish I had read the reviews of this place prior to spending my money here. I couldn't even distinguish the difference in the rolls because it all looked the same! Doesn't matter what we ordered, EVERYTHING we ordered tastes the same. It was a flavorless, bland, pasty mixture that was rolled up in dry rice and topped with fish that could have been mistaken for jerky. The avocado was more black with hints of green. The tempura was so dry it was actually chewy. This place is awful. My stomach has reached up and grabbed my tongue so as to never be assaulted in such a way again. In my opinion any positive review of this place has been purchased. Save your money and your tastebuds and eat somewhere else."
625	2	"Always suspicious of getting royally screwed when it comes to household repair calls, but this company is perhaps the best we have ever dealt with. Courteous phone staff who take the calls and promptly get a repairman out and the repairman was so great. He quickly analyzed the problem with our dryer and soon had the part in and we were up and running with a reasonable service fee. Couldn't recommend this company enough. Big 5 stars."
308	2	"With a suggestion from a friend on a place to get some dessert we went to Random Order Pie Bar. The location is small and cozy. The staff was pleasant and friendly. Unfortunately, the one thing they are known for was a bit off. My son and I had a slice of banana cream and coconut cream. The banana cream was the better of the two. The coconut was a bit bland and the crust on both was hard and even down right hard to cut through. Maybe we came at a bad time and the pies weren't freshly made. Time will tell if we get another chance to try."
847	1	LOVE LOVE LOVE this restaurant. This has quickly became one of my favorite brunch spots. I have tried quite a few items and all have been awesome. I normally order the strawberry orange juice. The staff is friendly and fast. Food comes out so quick it is scary.
427	3	"My best friend and I came here for her birthday brunch and we had a pretty great experience. We both got mimosas, I got the migas (with a side of bacon) and she got the traditional eggs Benedict and gumpo soup for an appetizer. Everything was so tasty, even right down to the little cornbread they serve at the beginning. The waiters were extremely nice. In fact, we were about to forget our things we bought at Uncommon Objects and one of the waiters was quick to tell us we almost forget our bags! The wait was 45 minutes long but it was a Sunday on South Congress at 1:30 PM so it's understandable. The prices weren't bad and the portions were pretty big, so we'd definitely come back again."
263	2	"This place is great! A very basic menu, which makes sense considering they started out as a good truck. I got the veggie burger because the description sounded unique- and it did not disappoint! The fries were hot, salty and delicious, and I enjoyed dipping them in the ketchup, which almost tasted like it had some BBQ sauce mixed into it! I was tempted by the milkshake menu, but saved my dessert splurge for another place. Super easy to just sit at the counter and get served, even on a crazy Saturday night in summer when Ponce City Market was packed."
363	1	"Almost always busy, always fantastic and worth the wait. The meat is high quality, the bread is delicious, the condiments are homemade, and the cocktails are classic but imaginative. Always a great place to go for a greater burger."
54	1	"Bummer that the price for a ticket to the hotel was the same price as a rental car. It was an ok ride but we should have just gotten a car. Also, you need to walk way down from the desk to the waiting area to catch the shuttle. Good thing we traveled light. Lesson-ed learned for next time."
156	3	My husband and I tried to get in before they were open and the chef jumped out of the car to keep us from walking away. He unlocked the door and let us sit in the cool air and truly could not have been more welcoming. The bartender took over and was so friendly and helpful and wasn't even slightly upset to be asked to start early. I'm so glad we stayed. The avocado toast was different and amazing with a great citrus twist and the 106 burger was amazing and huge! We are excited to Go back and try brunch.
938	2	Been wanting to try this place for awhile now. Ordered plain tacos today. One Carne Asada and the other Abodaba. Carne asada wasn't great. Meat was mediocre quality and flavor was bland. Adobada was much better with great flavor and a hint of spice. Service was efficient and atmosphere good. Giving it 3 stars for now but will update as I continue to try other items on the menu.
688	2	"My favorite place now in Beverly for casual dining. The food is plentiful, attractively priced, and damn good. Surprisingly varied menu. The ambiance isn't overly sophisticated but is quite acceptable. This place usually is not overcrowded: on some nights, though, there is live entertainment, so if you don't easily handle noise/increased din, get out by 9:00pm. Full bar and full wait staff service. Turnaround time for food orders is not too long. Way above-average pub experience. Great value, friendly staff."
420	1	"Everything we had was phenomenal. I had the scallops with pumpkin risotto. They were buttery and flavorful! The blood orange margarita was DELICIOUS. I have been very disappointed with almost all Disney dining options, but flying fish was well worth the trip to the boardwalk."
523	1	"I love the original, one of my favorites in the area (Can't beat Regina's on Thacher though.) I couldn't have been more disappointed with the Peabody location. Not an exaggeration, I have had a way better pie at Papa Gino's. Huge letdown, but I may give it another shot when the wait/crowds die down."
754	1	"Ok, lets get through this. The pizza is on point. Its not the best in the world, maybe not the best in town even, but you cant go wrong with any pie on their list. Good service, good food, lots of parking, cant go wrong."
397	2	"Finally made it down to this Alamo and we are really glad we did. I was a ding dong and not only ordered 3 tickets online (we only needed 2) but I also bought them for the wrong day. The lady who assisted me was so friendly and helpful and was great. I feel a lot of times Alamo employees can have a terrible attitude but I was so pleasantly surprised here. Nooooow, the courtesy did not spread to the server but you know you can't win them all!"
546	2	"I love this place! I have lost several inches all over since I started about a month ago. I've only been to Robert's class in the afternoon, but I hear the other instructors are awesome! Robert is very helpful and professional. The gym is clean with no weird gym smells."
886	1	I always get a solid haircut Sports Clips. Stylists are friendly and always consistently good.
722	3	"At first my review was gonna be a mediocre 2 stars. However the service really saved them because I was honestly impressed. My friends and I were here to order drinks and apps, simple bites like chips and such. Our beers were fine, they were what you'd expect. However when our duo chips (salsa and queso) came out, we were less than satisfied. The queso tasted extremely burned. Like as if it it was stewed a little too long, burned on the bottom and therefore permeated that burnt taste throughout. We told our server about it who stated that a few others had also complained about it. I happened to also order a fried chicken taco that was also served with queso...that also tasted burnt. In the end, I was impressed by how the manager and server approached the situation. We received a complimentary round of drinks which is the reason and multiple apologies. Mistakes happen, so it's how they handled the situation as to why my friends and I will be returning."
486	2	"Finally, made it out to Cafe Medina and will be sure to go back. I had the lovely lavender latte. A waffle with white chocolate pistachio rosewater sauce. Delicious! And a side order of andouille sausage. I really liked the food but thought it was on the pricey side for what you get. But, for a treat I would definitely come back. I would come back to try a larger breakfast and also the other sauces for the waffle since the white chocolate one was so fantastic. Can't wait to treat myself again. Mmm I love pistachio and rosewater."
260	3	"I've used BungoBox for 3 moves now, once for an office move and twice for personal moves, and it is a game-changer. It's a huge upgrade to go from spending piles of money on flimsy cardboard boxes that you're just going to throw away as soon as you move to using super sturdy reusable plastic crates that get delivered to your door and picked up at your new place after your move! Your movers (or the friends helping you move) will thank you too because the BungoBoxes have strong handles and included rollers that make them a breeze to move. Two weeks is the standard rental term and it worked perfectly for me... I scheduled it so I had more time to pack than to unpack and the boxes having a firm return date provided great motivation to get unpacked once I got to my new place. On top of it all, the BungoBox employees are amazingly nice and helpful. I recommend using BungoBox to everyone I know! Try it once and you'll be a convert too!"
619	1	Food was pretty crappy and service was very very slow on a night that was ~75% capacity. I understand some nights are busy but you gotta come by my table more often than every 30 mins.
538	2	"I love Retro game night! This was my fourth time! And I signed up for an annual pass. Even more excited for their upcoming events and exhibits. The history center has something for everyone! I love that they are in an old courthouse too. There are several floors and rooms to explore. The staff has always been friendly, knowledge and welcoming."
513	3	"Last week, I had a brilliant cup of Costa Rican coffee here. It was medium-bodied, smooth and lacked the awful, acid inducing heartburn found in $4 cups of Starbucks. {However, one should expect brilliant coffee from George Howell, one of the most recognized and respected names in coffee. He's the owner of Terroir (served at True Grounds) and former owner of the once adored Coffee Connection, which used to be sprinkled throughout the Boston area before Starbucks bought them out.} This morning, a blueberry scone delighted the palette and made me wish I'd bought one more for later. It was so good, it's hard to believe the English invented it. Oh, and to the calm, cheery people working the counter at 8 am, thanks so much. You were so pleasant, for a few moments, I thought I was in sunny California."
532	2	"I was on vacation in Portland so I thought I would use 5 star...... which should be renamed 0 star. This is hands down the worst dry cleaning service I have ever used. With zero customer service skills, poor cleaning abilities and a rude stuff, this place should be condemned. Do not use 5 star. I wouldn't give them any starts but I am obligated by the app to give them at least one undeserving star."
157	1	The best sushi at Orlando. Excellent service and great ambience to enjoy the food and relax.
558	3	"I was looking forward to shopping at Sprouts. It opened a few weeks ago and I finally got there today. To say I was disappointed is an understatement. The staff is not just passive, but unpleasant. More than once while I was shopping a staffer whisked by me without so much as an ""excuse me"". They had carts of merchandise stacked up, waiting to be shelved, blocking shoppers. The cashier situation was the worst. A customer in front of me had a return/credit and it took FOREVER for the required manager to complete the transaction. I brought my own bags and bagged myself (as I prefer) but when all my items were rung up, the cashier grabbed the remaining items and began to bag them in their bags instead of helping me finish with my bags. But the topper of the whole visit was that the cashier said nothing. No ""thank you"", no ""do you need a hand"", not even the now common ""there you go"". The place just opened! Haven't they trained the staff any customer service skills? I won't be going back. And, the prices are not that great. They have fake specials - 1 pound packages of strawberries @ 2 for $5 but a 2 pound package for $3.98. Similar with blueberries. And many empty produce bag dispensers. Management needs to wake up."
505	2	"Santarpio's is not just about the pie and bbq, it's about the whole experience. The neighborhood,the line, the rec room decor, the locals, and the throw back waiters all rolled into one of best classic pizza joints in Boston. The pizza itself is thin crust (corn meal on bottom) plain sauce, and the usual cast of toppings. The pies are on the small size, but very inexpensive. Not New Haven good but pretty good for Boston. Go on summer night throw back a few cold beers with a garlic and onion pizza with some friends and call it a night."
367	2	"First time back in years. The rock shrimp were absolutely tiny. About 1 inch long, 18 were $20. I thought they were joking. The ones pictured on someone else's review is what I was expecting. What I got were 3 times smaller. So tiny they were difficult to get the shrimp out of the very sticky, grippy shell. Not worth the money even if it were $7 as a delicacy appetizer. Get a fish, but expect it to be small. Fortunately the visit with my old pal was worth the trip anyway. Service was good."
947	1	"Everything has always been top notch when we come here. Luis had always taken care of us, and the food is tasty."
573	2	"I'm a pretty health conscious guy who doesn't eat many donuts in a year, but when I do ..... it's going to be Blue Star or Pip's. Each Blue Star location has a unique selection of consistently high quality donuts that are just interesting and weird enough to make stopping in a treat. And unlike the pink-boxed donuts everyone lines up for, Blue Star's donuts aren't giant, obscenely sugary, relatively flavorless, or greasy. In fact, they're exactly the opposite: compact in size, strong in flavor, and fresh tasting. When you want to break your diet or treat yourself, friends, and family, to foodie Portland, Blue Star is the place to go."
935	2	"i'm a sucker for puns. any one that knows me knows its true. i love this place. both times i've gone have been on saturday nights when the djs were playing a sweet mix of mos def, chromeo, old school reggae, and the funky fresh stuffs. the enormous room is a great time. the drinks are decent. i mean, booze in boston is expensive anyway. the bartenders a cutie and the rest of the staff handles the crowd like its no ones business. the only downfall that they have is that it takes so long to get a drink at the bar, that half of the time, my friends are out the door before i can even get my drink. other than that, great lounge, great vibes, great beats."
76	1	Called in flowers over the phone and I was pretty unimpressed with the arrangement they delivered.
714	2	"I'll start off by saying that four stars here is generous. But it is for two simple reasons, the view is absolutely gorgeous and the ambiance is far above that of the Oasis. If you want a sunset dinner or cocktails overlooking the lake, Soleil gets four stars. Now for the bad news. The food is only three stars. The menu sounds great with trendy options that would compete downtown. Unfortunately, what is delivered to the table falls a little short. I am normally very good at picking out flavors and appreciating unusual combinations, but there is a sweetness to many of the savory dishes that I can't place and just doesn't seem to belong. Sweet caesar salad? Sweetened bell peppers with hangar steak? Even sweet fingerling potatoes. It is not overwhelming by any means but just enough to leave my taste buds confused and off-balance. With that said, the views and ambiance really are fantastic! Perfect choice for cocktails at sunset, and makes for a great date night."
647	3	"My girlfriends and I didn't go back to this restaurant after they renovated. I found negative comments more than positive on other sites review. We made the rsvn at 12.30pm and waited for few mins then got seated. I found they have quite a lot of dim sims but absolutely overpriced!! S-3.68, M-4.38, L-5.38, SK-6.38, SLK-7.98, SKK-8.98. You may only find 1-2 items are $3.68 and most of items are $5.38 even more. Deep fried Chicken knees w/wasabi - it's so greasy and the wasabi looked like so artificial coz fluorescence color. Steamed Black truffle mushroom dumpling - Only mixed mushroom dumplings, there is NO black truffle mushroom inside. Steamed salted egg yolk custard bun- Buns were so big and egg yolk was bland. Beef tripe and tender pot - It didn't look good but taste good. Steamed beef balls - Very soft and probably marinated with baking power!! Short ribs and pork liver rice roll pot - Super greasy!!! I only had a rice roll and it's oily! This is regular dim sum place, such quality of food and poor service. I will not recommend this place at all."
812	2	"Le's is always a win. I've been gong here with my family for many years now and have never had a negative experience. My favorite dishes are lemongrass chicken and any of the wide-rice noodle dishes. What makes both of these dishes great is the flavoring. It's hard to describe precisely, the best way to explain is just that they get the flavor right here."
723	1	"Normally, not one for cupcakes, however, the organic carrot cake with cream cheese frosting and a double espresso was a great juxtaposition of bitter and sweet. Not too many places open on Sunday evening in Cambridge, so this spot was a Sweet find."
249	2	"Fabulous!! We had dinner delivered, a gift for travelers!!! The food was incredible!! And the price was very reasonable! Thanks! And the service, the delivery man, SO nice!! The wait, was long, but worth it!!!"
20	2	I think their rice dishes are way better than their Pho's. Also I really like their sandwiches and spring rolls. I took a friend who haven't had viennese food ever. He absolutely love it.
744	2	"The queso we received for checking in was delicious, and the fajitas were pretty good. We went on a Saturday night, where it was super crowded and they were understaffed, so you could tell everyone was a little stressed. It was also a little much for a margarita that was just mediocre."
250	3	"I was trying to decide if I should give two or three stars. I finally decided based on how high it's rated. Since it has almost five stars, I'm rounding down to two. I'm going to try to be (for me) brief. Food & drink: Very meh. Interesting, in a ""what?"" kind of way. But I've pretty much forgotten what I had. The wife had a waffle... for the price it should have been orgasmic, it was not in the top 50% of her waffle experiences. My beverage was a Matcha Latte (had to go to website to remember) it was ok, but for that ""interesting"" a drink it should have been more interesting. Maybe it was the day we ordered. Hmm, I just went and looked at the photos section of the Yelp listing. I don't know if it means anything on how the place was doing that day, but my latte did not have any cute art on top. Maybe it WAS an off day. Or maybe they didn't like us :O Service... Ok, friendly, but disorganized. It was fairly busy, but they had lots of staff. The building and how they used it was great! Nice and quirky. That is what moved me to consider 3 stars. The windows in the bathroom doors did take me back to my time in Europe (not really my favorite feature of Europe, but hey, nostalgia!). The back dining area was worth wandering back to take a look at. Bottom line: If I had waited in line more than 4 minutes to get in I'd feel really bad. As is, I can't recommend it, but if you try it and like it, maybe I'm missing something."
94	3	"I was in Austin recently and searched for a place to eat on this fine website called Yelp. We were looking for hard tacos and came upon Evita's Botanitas and the menu looked pretty great. So we GPS'd ourselves there and found ourselves in a small strip mall, nothing fancy. And the food did not disappoint!! First of all, the salsa they give you is above and beyond. They bring a two-tiered production with a basket of fresh tortilla chips and 5 or 6 different salsas, all of which were delicious and not at all 'omg my mouth, it's on fire' I ordered a house margarita (rocks with salt please!) which was ass kicking in a good way. For my dinner I ordered the vegetarian quesadillas, which I admit were served to me in a unfamilliar way. Maybe I was just Dumb White Girl but when they brought my food I thought they brought soft tacos instead of a quesadilla. Granted, I'd ordered the corn tortillas rather than flour, and it looked like a plate with several soft tacos. And oh man, were those some seriously delicious quesadillas! I don't care what they looked like, they tasted like heaven. Our waitress was really friendly and I would highly recommend eating here. I will make it a point to come back the next time I'm in town."
103	3	"I ate here recently on the recommendations of some Muslim brothers at the Islamic Society of Boston (beautiful masjid). They said it was halal and the Arab owners confirmed that it was. This is a nice, downtown spot across the street from the park and right next to the Park Street subway station. We enjoyed the chicken kabob and baked haddock dinners, which both came with rice and salad. Very enjoyable, hot and fresh food. When I went to buy some rice pudding for dessert, the owner gave it to us for free. What a nice touch. InshaAllah my wife and I will return soon."
342	2	"I really wanted to give this place five stars, but coming on a Wednesday night and the place being empty, I was hoping that the girl behind the counter would explain the process a little better. Aside from this awkward encounter, the ice cream and taiyaki were absolutely delicious! I got the almond ice cream made with whole milk and nutella taiyaki. My boyfriend got the bavarian creme with banana ice cream also made with whole milk. Wow. The flavors were unbelievable! Definitely a must try! I really hope this place stays since it's right across from my house! They also do a deal Thursday-Sunday for 15% off your ice cream if you went to the movies beforehand and have a ticket stub. Cute date night idea!"
251	2	"This tucked away spot in lenox square mall is an upbeat swanky communal seating new american cuisine restaurant. The location is great. But the location is the reason it is very pricey for what you get. Went there with my husband and son snd literally had 2 sandwiches, chicken with the bones in plate, 2 local brews and a artisan cheese and charcuterie app was 100 bucks. Tasty but not worth it. Love great food as a chef and once owned my own restaurant but the service was mediocre at best. Waited 45 mins after our apps for our main course. Tuesday night and it wasn't busy. ‍ Too much good food around, wont be back."
912	2	Sadly I don't recall his name but I had one gentleman arrive with a very unassuming truck for my move. It wasn't complicated so I suppose that was sufficient. He was quick and efficient. The fee to move was sensible. I guess they are a new company because there was no branding on the truck and the worker didn't appear to have on a shirt identifying him with the company. He was very kind and even conversational. For smaller moves I wouldn't hesitate to use them again.
632	2	Extremely unprofessional! I came in to upgrade my phone. They did not have the phone I wanted even though it is one of the most popular phones. They said they would have to get it from another store. The employees left me sitting there for over 30 minutes while they joked back and forth with each other. Supposedly they were doing something with my account but did not communicate with me at all. They could not locate my account even though I have a Fido number and online account. I finally left the store as parking was expiring. Go to a real Fido store as previous reviewer suggests.
191	1	First time here the staff was wonderful and the food was very well prepared and tasty. I am very particular about Italian restaurants and this one is very good. We will be back often I am sure. The only problem I see is they might need more room very quickly
670	3	"I accompanied my husband to Orlando for Cisco Live. We chose the Peabody due to its close proximity to the convention center (the most convenient location) and stayed here from a Sat to a Fri. We arrived extremely early on Saturday and luckily they had an available room for us. I wasn't a fan of the smaller room (and I'd be the one hanging out in it the most) so we upgraded a notch and got a larger room in the Mallard Tower. It was very spacious with a separate seating area and a vanity for me! Yes, the Mallard Tower is the older building, but when we looked to switch to the newer tower due to our a/c not working so well, I didn't like the size/layout of the room. We decided our current room was better. We had another minor glitch in that our fridge was not working, but that was fixed by giving us another working fridge in the room. Should I need to return to Orlando to be near the convention center, I would stay here again. The convenience factor is huge, but the service is what sold me. It was impeccable. Every single person is incredibly accommodating and nice! Really made our hotel stay and minor blips easy to get over. Although I wish the rooms had coffee makers. Another plus are those like me who do not have children. Luckily, there are two pools. The grotto pool is the huge one w/ the waterfall close to the parking structure. The quieter lap pool is also large and catered more towards adults. I loved this area. While the husband was in his classes, I was relaxing by the pool. More hotels need two pool areas like the Peabody. I also got to check out the lovely fitness center (didn't use it), and used the spa twice. Wish the spa was larger with a hot sauna as well as the steam sauna. Peabody also has a few restaurants. I recommend Napa for lunch and dinners. B-Line Grill was gross and Capriccio not very good either. I also recommend self-park. I'm normally a valet girl b/c I'm lazy, but every time we valeted, it was backed up and took forever for our car to come out. The parking structure is conveniently located a short walk from the hotel. It was faster and a bit cheaper to park this way."
42	1	Incredible donuts. Sometimes you have to go early to have the full selection but the donuts never disappoint.
979	1	Wonton soup was quite strange. Wontons were overcooked. Egg roll had no flavor. Will never order from again
682	3	"If I could give this place a negative star rating, I would. After my girlfriend got patted down before walking in, we sat down to have a couple of drinks at the bar. Once we got our drinks, the bartender walked around to the outside of the bar and sat down, not getting up the whole time to check and see if we needed anything, etc. I had to signal her over from across the bar to ask for our check. From there, it went further downhill...My legal name is William, but I everyone usually knows that Bill is short for or a nickname for William...like Joe for Joseph, or Bob for Robert, Dick for Richard, etc. Well, they wouldn't accept my Visa card because my license shows William and my cc shows Bill. In all my years, I have never had an issue of my card getting rejected...and I mean never!! I asked to speak with the manager and offered to even call my credit card company...this guy didn't have a clue, nor did he care one bit. I then pulled out my AMEX, which did have William listed, but the bartender then stated they don't even take AMEX. After all that, I just ended up paying cash, but this was in my mind terrible customer service! The place inside leaves a lot to be desired as well....small, unclean bathroom, etc. I would not recommend this place to anyone...there are much better places to go in that same vicinity."
859	3	"Next stop on our bar hopping adventure. I had never been here before, the place was super crowded for St.Patricks Day. We waited probably 15 minutes to get in but there was no cover charge so it wasn't too bad. But once we get inside, you could barely walk past anyone without touching the person next to you. I felt like we were at a rock concert in a mosh pit situation we could barely move. Even after all that fighting my way to the bar, it took another 15 minutes before I got the waitress to come and take my drink order. It was such a loud atmosphere I felt like I was screaming my order at her. Only got 1 drink here, too crowded to get to the bar again just to wait even longer. That and it was so hot inside it got to be a little h comfortable after a few hours so we left. Maybe I'd come back but not on a holiday like St.Patty's Day again."
987	3	"I ordered the chocolate delight cake and the ricotta pie for a work event. Based on the name and how the lady described it, it sounded like a chocolate lovers dream. It looked beautiful. However it was not true to its name but mostly whipped cream with a caramel sticky center that made it impossible to cut neatly. Did not know about the weird caramel center until I cut into it. Would be nice if the website or employee provided a better description. It was a bit embarrassing trying to cut it in front of 30 people as it was a whipped creamy mess so it did not slice well and just flopped. It was not chocolaty at all. If you love whipped cream this is the cake for you. The name of the cake is very deceiving. The ricotta pie was pleasant, not great but not bad and not too sweet. No one commented good or bad but silent speaks louder than words. :/ Will not order this particular cake again. Overpriced at $52 for 12 inch."
92	1	Nice staff. Subpar food for the price.
458	3	"Totally not my kind of place, but I won't let that skew my review too much. Wow, this place gets crazy busy sometimes. The people here aren't that nice either, at least the several times I have been here.. Not the clientele, not the staff. When it is busy, the wait for ordering a drink was so long I just went ahead and ordered two beers. I also take issue with the beer selection. No craft beer on tap and only a couple in bottles just doesn't do it for me. I'm sure you can get all the domestic and liquor that your heart desires so this might not be an issue for everyone. I find the layout of Tequila Cowboy to be perplexing. Stairs in odd places, lots of hallways and turns, things both upstairs and down. I am never quite sure where to go. One thing is for sure though, it is LOUD no matter where you go. With the music and karaoke bar, really the only place to have conversation would be outside on the patio. Be prepared for smokers there. The bathrooms are tucked away in a corner and once they actually had an attendant there, so bring some small bills for tipping. I tried the food once. It was ok. Not much more to say about that. Pretty standard bar fare potato skins. For upsides, the bands are usually pretty good. The decor is pretty decent too, with some fun murals to look at. There is plenty of parking if you go around back, which is just a short walk away."
91	3	"Something about this place made me feel like a smart, cool, hip, 30 something as soon as I walked in the door. The ambiance is dark and inviting at the same time. The tables are large and seat multiple parties together at each table, so it feels like you're at a party -- a party for awesome people. The menu is small, which is nice for the indecisive. We got a few things to share, starting with the cottage fries, which are basically thickly sliced potato chips. We got the beet salad which wasn't bad, but wasn't my favorite. They did marinate the beets in strawberry juice, which I've never seen done before. For the entrée, we got the shrimp and grits, and it was incredible. The grits were creamy and dreamy on their own, but with the other ingredients including a poached egg, I could not stop eating even if I tried. We also shared the chicken sausage, which was surprisingly very flavorful for what I was expecting. Do not get the bok choy as your vegetable side however - it was not cooked very well and I could not appreciate the flavors of garlic and lemon. Definitely a cool place to eat and greet, I can't wait to come back to try more things on the menu."
933	1	Best time here out of all of the Hooters...... Ended up with 3 of the girls to go out for drinks with a few friends of mine and they were all down to earth. Good times and good peeps. I recommend getting their porno wings and a pitcher of their coldest. Porno? eh? Translation: XXX hot=porn Enjoy
735	3	"Pijiu belly is new restaurant in Westside that had its soft opening last Tuesday(12/09/2014). They call themselves a pub fare restaurant with Asian influence. I had a chance to try their food for lunch. Pijiu means beer - I am not sure they named the restaurant beer belly or the belly is a reference to pork belly in their menu. Regardless, it's always nice to see new restaurants. The restaurant is located on left, if you are driving from GA tech campus and 85, on 10th street, past north avenue and right across the street from sherwin Williams store. The parking is in a lot, right next to the restaurant. Currently it's a self park, but I hear it's going to valet parking in the future. The lot will fill up to 18 cars but they also have another lot up the street. When you enter you will see the prominent bar with granite counter, bar stools and TVs. On the left there is small area for dart boards and pool tables(not complete yet but I was told that the plan). There are several high bar tables on the right side area with 6 seating each and regular tables with 4 seating in the back, behind the bar. It has a modern-industrial style. The menu is rather simple for now - but they will have a revised menu with more items during their grand opening in January. It has charcuterie plates, starters, burgers and sandwiches, sides and beverages. And of course they have beer menu on the board as well. Taking about beer, they don't have beer on tap installed yet but I was told that it will be ready by end of the week with large selections. From charcuterie selection, I ordered la cabana - soft goat milk cheese made in Spain with rosemary crust. I liked the cheese but it wasn't as soft as I expected it to be. I also ordered, spicy soppressata - Italian made spicy pork cured meat and it was delicious. The plate was served with strawberry jam, pineapple chutney, Dijon mustard and balsamic reduction.($4 each and $11 for three). I also ordered, 'The Pijiu burger' based on recommendation from the bartender. It had fried egg, kimchi, cheese, beer-bbq sauce on brioche bread and served with hand-cut fries, onion, tomato and pickles. ($13) The burger had complex flavors and tasty, thanks to the runny egg yolk, kimchi, onion and beer-bbq sauce. It all works well together. My only gripe is that kimchi was quite oversalted for my taste and it kind of takes away the experience a bit. I liked it overall but would have loved it if they had salted kimchi just right. Strangely, there was no salt at all in the pickles and it was spicy!! I mean, I am ok with that but some of my friends who are hardcore pickle lovers would have problem with no salt pickles. The hand-cut fries was perfect though - neither too thin, nor thick. So it was nice and crunchy outside and moist inside. Overall, I like what I see. Yes, they are still setting things up. Currently there is lot of empty spaces, beer on tap missing and so on. But that's what the soft opening is for - to get feedbacks and make sure everything right before grand opening."
369	2	"The entrance is nondescript and easily missed, but everything else about this place seems great. The bread, wine, salads, pasta, seafood, and eggplant parmigiana we all had were great. The pricing was good and the service was excellent. While there was nothing on the menu or in the restaurant which makes it strikingly unique, the location plays that role. Guiseppe's is within walking distance of the Drexel movie theater, which is within walking distance of Jenni's ice cream. This holy triumvirate makes all three locations perfect for a great night out with friends."
252	2	"After hearing great things for months, I decided to finally try Bambolina only just a couple weeks ago but I've already been back several times. It's so good I just can't keep away! All of the pizzas are out of this world from the classic Margherita to The Farmers Market which is a pesto masterpiece topped with folded zucchini, chopped asparagus and snow peas and finished with a soft egg! My favorites though are the Sopressato and the Mushroom. The salads are delicious as well and very beautiful! My favorite appetizer is the Burrata Caprese which I think is best in town. I haven't tried any of the entrees or deserts yet but I may need to because I have yet to be disappointed."
203	1	"Hard to find good interior Mexican food around here. I had the pescado yucatano. So delicious. Everyone else enjoyed their tex mex. Reasonable prices, too!"
314	3	"By popular demand and (for science!) my beer list, I made a special visit to Grape Vine Market today. I must say, I was by no means disappointed in what they had to offer! Thanks for the suggestions, everyone! One of the first things I noticed upon perusing the beer selection is the availability of Real Ale Fireman's #4 in bottles. Whoo hoo! Real Ale has only recently began to bottle this fabulous, light beer...one of my Austin favs. The beer variety is phenomenal, I was astounded, almost to the point of tears upon exploring the aisle. The beers are arranged by location, it seems. There's an Austin/Texas area, moving into a US microbrew-ish area. Across the aisle are the imports from Italy, Canada, Holland, Germany, and the like. The Asian beers were off in another aisle, across from the oh-so-yucky Anheiser-Busch products and the like. There was also a somewhat impressive selection of Mexican beers. I was overwhelmed by the wine selections. They have everything that your oenophile heart could ever desire. Since I was looking for nothing specific, I had no reason to ask help of any of the associates. Come to think of it, I didn't really see any associates, save for the registers and at the deli. There is also a section of finer foods and libation accessories. Briefly looking through them, I was impressed by the wine selection of wine racks (I wish I would've known about this place when I bought mine) and candies. Yum! Unfortunately, but my liver probably thanks me, I was financially unable to purchase anything. I will definately be back soon, perhaps even the day I get paid next!"
610	1	"Awesome family restaurant. The chicken and jellyfish salad with Chinese radish, cucumbers and carrots is SO tasty and perfect for the summer!! Also their Kung Pao chicken (diced chicken with chilies and peanuts) is the best I've ever had in Vancouver. Hits the spot."
958	2	"This place used to be a decent Japanese sushi restaurant until the change of owner recently. The Japanese sushi chefs are all gone. The sushi is poorly rolled, standards at this restaurant has dropped. For long time customers like me, we taste the difference. They think that getting some asian guys to wrap rice in seaweed is sushi. Some traditional japanese dishes are taken off the menu. It is going down the same way as Ginza. Time to find another japanese place."
187	1	"Amazing. Tasty food, good waiter recommendations, good service, fair prices. If you're in JP and craving Indian - come here. Or if you're in Brookline, Cambridge, Somerville...jump on the 39 and get over here. Get the chicken curry. Another recommendation is the duck on the chef's special list."
265	2	"As many people before have said I shall too say these are some of the best Persian kabobs you can get in the city! Truly juicy koobideh. The owner is so humble and says ""oh I just thought I would try cooking for more than my family"" but I can't imagine him not having thought that because where would we downtown Portlander's be without his delicious Persian food?!?! He gives you healthy portion, accepts credit cards or cash and conveniently stays open until 4 o'clock which is later than a lot of the other food carts in the area. It's quickly become such a downtown staple. Plus the owner is so adorable and lovable that he was even featured in a local commercial, that's pretty cool."
364	1	Love their calzones. Eggplant parm is my favorite and also like buffalo chicken calzone. Generous size and delicious with extra sauce. For take out for a nice treat it is fast and easy. I don't eat meat but my friend loves their steak bomb sub. Every town needs a reliable Italian shop like this.
872	3	"Came in on a Saturday for Lunch to an unenthusiastic hostess who sat us down on an actual bench. The entire tent is filled with long wooden tables and thus it was not a private setting. Atmosphere reminded me of being in a large, festive camping tent, but tinted brightly orange. The dish we wanted was to split the Lobster Mac and Cheese: -Portion: Large -Cheese: bit ""watery"", could be thicker -Lobster: Average portion -Was it worth $27 without adding table service? Probably not. By the way, if you're looking for a classic Lobster roll, do NOT get it here. I saw several faces of disappointment when the waiter brought them out. These lobster rolls are definitely underwhelming and expensive! Head over across the street to James Hook for a $20 one that will at least overfill the bun."
636	3	"Yes, it can be pricey. However, if you watch the store flyer it actually has some pretty good sales (especially on coffee beans and seasonal fresh fruits). The store has a nice bulk bin selection for nuts, dried fruit, snacks, and candy. I am addicted to the flax-infused corn chips. As a gourmet store, you will find interesting goods and high-quality produce. The deli and cheese counter offer a wide array of delicious goods. Always make sure to ask for a sample taste before buying. The staff is friendly and helpful. And for any potential shoplifters, be warned -- they do watch you. On my last visit, the police were removing a cuffed offender from the store ;-)"
220	2	"The staff is amazingly attentive and maybe just a bit overbearing. They earn commission so be prepared to be treated like royalty. Every staff member seem to know the people walking in, and remembers what colors they like, what type of shoes they prefer...etc. The quality of Ferragamo is top-notch, paired with elegant design in handbags to shoes (super comfortable). The quality is certainly reflected in the price. Though I don't shop here often, I always feel like I'm in Handbag-Heaven when I walk in! I wish Toronto had their own Ferragamo boutique shop, instead of just the varieties available at Holts. So, this place is a must visit when visiting Vancouver!"
256	3	"I'm giving this place a 3.75. The only thing that wasn't too great was that if you left the window open it can be quite loud. The inn is right beside the road and people may walk by throughout the night. The room we had was on the lower floor and it was extremely clean and nice. My experience here was quite interesting. We woke up in the middle of the night to a lady that was drunk singing loudly. A staff member came out and told her to stop singing and she simply replied, ""Ok ok I'll go to sleep."" and left. Oddest thing ever! The staff is friendly and there is complimentary coffee, tea and cocoa at the front desk. The airport shuttle leaves every hour."
114	1	Realize this is a small cafe local hang out. But wow the food was a big surprise. Lots of flavor and tons of quality and great value to boot. Everything is made from scratch. Simple awesome and a place I will run back to.
466	2	"Came here again last night. I foresee many visits in the future. We ordered: Lamb Hot Pot/Stew (small): The broth was fantastic! The lamb chunks were super tender. Highly recommend! Beef rolls: Tasty! Bangkok fried chicken: Delicious! Chicken was crispy and juicy. Although line ups are inevitable, the workers are very efficient at seating you. Also, the food comes in less than 5 mins! Thank you Myst for offering tasty Asian food in my neighborhood at an affordable price in a modern ambiance! :)"
324	1	"The dance floor is kind of small, but this place is great to go to if you feel like getting a little dressed up and mingling with good looking people. Sometimes the DJ spins house, which is the best."
65	3	"I'm having trouble deciding how to rate Tomatillos, because certain things were definitely five star, and other things were kinda meh. However, I have to give them props because it seems like they're using Yelp in the right way - they're using it to get a consensus and improve on things. I read about tomatillos a while ago online, and since then I've been curious to try it. After a productive study session, I went with a friend here for lunch. Their special sounded tempting, but after having seen their menu online, I've been dying to try their potato and green chile burrito, so that's what I ordered. Since we were there for lunch, the guy at the counter told me they actually had a lunch special where for $8 you could get a burrito, chips and a drink. Sounded like a pretty good deal, so I got it. This is where I hand it to them. I assumed that all the extra toppings cost, well, extra, but there was no longer a price written next to them like there was on the menu I saw online. I then found out that they aren't, so I also got roasted corn and avocado added to my burrito (I didn't want to add too much and have the burrito be untenably huge!). My friend ordered a shrimp quesadilla and had like four extra toppings added to his. There were a couple of minor things that bothered me. After ordering at the counter, I wasn't sure if I was supposed to go up and get my burrito once they called it out, or if I was supposed to wait for someone to bring it to me. There's nothing stated anywhere, and they surely didn't say anything, so I just went up and got it. But then a couple after us had their food brought to them by the guy at the counter. Hmm. Odd. I was also kinda ""meh"" on the salsa at the table, and the chips that came with my lunch special. The chips tasted a little greasy to me, and the salsas just weren't that great. I was expecting the tomatillo salsa to be amazing, considering the name of the restaurant was called tomatillos. Instead, it just tasted like they added waaaaaaaaay too much lime juice to me. I cannot remember a single thing about the red salsa, which just is a bad sign, considering I ate there like 3 hours ago. I will say though, that the potato and green chile was AMAZING. Definitely the best parts of the burrito were the very nicely seasoned potatoes, and the absolutely delicious blend of cheese they used inside. Pinto beans were nicely cooked, too. I'm kind of meh on the roasted corn, but since I didn't pay extra, that wasn't really a deal breaker for me. I definitely will be coming back here. They have ample parking, the space is really nice, and I really appreciate the fact that they seem to be doing their homework and improving what they can. I really think if they continue the way that they are, that this place will just get better with time."
994	1	"Can you give a restaurant zero stars? Because this was by far the worst Chinese food we ever had. Granted we only split one dish and had egg rolls, so maybe we just ordered something that they do really badly, but it was terrible enough I will never give this place another chance."
408	1	"What's not to love? Great food, no grease, clean dining room, friendly staff, wel priced. Has the feel of a locals-only diner without the attitude. You'll love it!"
320	2	"Good experience at Barista: nice ambiance, good service. However, the coffee was a bit underwhelming and in my opinion a bit overpriced for the quality."
400	2	"Charming atmosphere in this hidden gem. Would really like to give 4.5 stars due to comment below but definitely deserves more than 4 stars. Courteous service. Loved the look and California feel of inside being open to the ""patio"" area. Good all excellently prepared. Charcuterie plate was fun to explore. Yellow gazpacho was delicious although it's smoothness isn't what I know if as gazpacho. Duck entree perfectly cooked and tender. Swordfish great but the thick piece I was served seemed a little under done in center but outside edges not dry so understand the cost/ benefit. Only downside: three entrees served simultaneously but fourth (beet/ goat cheese ravioli) was 2-3 minutes later which allowed my accompaniments (delicious creamy polenta) to cool off to much. Delay was noticeable enough that a little mention/apology would have been nice. Definitely worth going to and would return."
989	1	the lobster raviolis were absolutely delicious but my dumb boyfriend was challenged by the waiter to eat a large pasta dish and it was gross watching him out how BIG it really was. seems like a fun place to take your family for a huge meal.
327	3	"I'd heard of Warby Parker and liked the frame options and price point, but I'd never seen one of their stores and I didn't think it would go so well to order glasses purely online. (OK, to tell you the truth it seemed like a hassle to be sent sample frames, send them back etc.) But while on vacation in Austin 2 weeks ago, I noticed this huge Warby Parker store downtown and figured it couldn't hurt to see if I could at least pick out frames there and then order online. Well, turns out it was MUCH easier than that; in fact, I never had to go online at all! I picked out beautiful trendy frames and a salesperson measured my face in about 5 seconds using this thing that looks like a simple cardboard box. When I told her that my prescription was pretty strong (around a -5.5), they said no problem. They took my optometrist's phone number, swiped my card, got my email address and -POOF- the next day I got an email saying they'd gotten my prescription from the optometrist. One week later, my gorgeous new glasses came in the mail! Please understand that I know what good glasses are and how they should fit. I've been in glasses forever and have bought just about every designer at one point or another. And these really are GREAT glasses. I was skeptical at best, I mean I'm used to spending 400-500 bucks on new glasses, and these were only 125. But they are made beautifully. And they fit PERFECTLY, and they don't even fog in the cold. I even went running in them this morning. So comfortable! I'm truly thrilled with the service I received at this store, their attention to the nuances of fit, and with the company in general. They make a wonderful product at a great price, and they're charitable to boot. What else can you ask for?!"
904	3	"This is a fairly nice place to go for a special occasion. The atmosphere is nice and the view is grat. It also sits at the end of a very nice walk. The food is fairly good. I took my wife here recently for her birthday. I had salmon, one of their 5 version of it, in truffle sauce. it came out almost like a fajita. The onions and mushrooms had the nice fajita consitancy, and the salom, a fairly average piece of it, was placed on top. The salmon alone was meh at best, but the mushroom sauce and the grilled onions and mushrooms definitely made the meal. My wife got some opakapaka (which I later learned to some sort of Hawaiian snapper). I tried a btie and it was one of the better wish fish preparations I have had. I am a fan of red fish, but not too fond of white fish, however I would definitely eat it the way this was prepared. Overall a good place for a date. On a side note in response to a couple of the reviews I read: Seriously, who goes to a fancy (at least fancier) restaurant and expect a 24 oz. steak? When you go to a place like this you aren't supposed to gorge yourself like a fat pig, save that for Claim Jumpers or Mexican. You are paying for the ingredients, the preparation and the atmosphere. If you're just looking for some ho-hum food made in a ho-hum manner in a ho-hum restaurant but in large quantities, please go to Denny's and stop soiling the reputation of decent places with your improper expectations."
10	1	"They NEVER seem to get our order correct, service is crappy, food is inconsistent and has gone down hill steadily in the last 6-9 months! WILL NEVER GO THERE AGAIN!"
27	1	"Erika was amazing! After months of trying to find a place on my own, she swooped right in and helped me find the perfect home in a couple of weeks! I couldn't be more excited or grateful! thanks Erika!"
597	2	I recently had Texas Flooring install hardwoods in my house as well as carpet and they did a exceptional job. They came to my house with in 24 hours of taking my phone call to measure. They provided me with a very competitive quote compared to other companies I had already spoken to. Billy was very knowledgeable and answered all my questions. Texas Flooring even picked up and delivered my wood free of charge. I would highly recommend them to anyone looking for great flooring and carpet installers.
963	2	"Had a great meal at Bartaco on April 12! I took a suggestion from Southwest Airlines' magazine and had a great experience. Really unique flavors and ingredients and a cute, comfortable atmosphere. Be sure to try the wild boar or the pork belly tacos, and the CLT!"
212	1	The Jajangmyeon noodles entree is decent. The service is poor. I will not be returning.
930	3	"Clearly The MLBPA has some taste. I definitely enjoyed my stay here. I came for a trade show and the room was built in to my cost. I thought everything about the hotel was nice. The room was nice,clean and comfy. As almost everyone had said the TV in the bathroom was awesome. Not that I would need the TV, but since it was there I made a point of turning it on while in the shower. We had breakfast and a working lunch during the trade show. The lunch was so so good. Tons of choices really good chicken and steak. Delicious deserts. Not your typical buffet lunch. They have nice piano bar in the lobby, with actually decently priced cocktails. It looks a lot swankier than it really is. But still nice. The food at the restaurants are pretty good. I think they have 4 or 5 restaurants. The pool area is huge too. Top Notch. The hotel is also really close to the Pointe, which has a movie theater and tons of places to eat and shop. They even have an awesome comedy club! So you don't have to pay for a cab or Mears to go anywhere. If you're only in town of a conference or trade show."
322	1	"In the crazy weather of today (lower 50's with wind and rain), omg... This stuff definitely hit the spot. =) It was amazing... and i always forget how much i can actually eat until I come here. YUM! It's only a bit expensive for my taste... however, it was worth every single penny, especially on a day like today."
488	2	"If I could give 3.5, I would. I loved the theater itself. Rolling back in a lounge chair recliner made it feel like I was back home enjoying a movie and popcorn with my sweetheart. The service was excellent and non intrusive, perfect for a theater. My only hesitation to going back would be the obvious need to gel my hair and do fist pumps upon entering the establishment. Walking through the lobby felt like an episode of Jersey Shore, and the prices matched as well (it is in the Domain after all). Overall, great experience and would go back for another date night."
756	3	"The pie is awesome! However, the staff is kinda rude. My party of 4, one of which was from out of town, showed up at 9:30 pm. We live in Milwaukie so it was kinda a trek to get there. This particular experience was the worst and embarrassing because I talked up the place to my out of town guest. As we were ordering our pie and a grilled turkey sandwich, a short blond waitress asked if we were dinning in or taking out because, ""we are closing in 30 minutes!"". We said dinning in please and added with a smile we will be fast. The rude part is she wasn't even the person taking our order a gentleman was. She came up from the side and interrupted mid order to inform us about closing in 30 minutes. We all felt uncomfortable and unwelcome. We even thought about leaving. We got our pie and had to wait until 9:50 for our sandwich. Before we even got our sandwich the woman got on the loud speaker to announce of the closing... we thought what about our sandwich? The sandwich was announced ready, a minute later. We were so worried about being done in 9 minutes we couldn't even enjoy our meal or experience. We wrapped our sandwich in a napkin and discarded our pie to get out in time. I am amazed with all the new pie restaurants popping up that this place can afford to kick people out. The neighborhood was a buzz with people walking around. Other bars and restaurants were open and packed. I won't bother going back. I will take my business to Pix Patisserie."
617	2	"There are tons of froyo places in Austin, but this one is definitely noteworthy. The texture of the yogurt is perfect and the flavors are pretty diverse. They are pretty good about rotating flavors, but makes sure to keep the classics. They also do seasonal flavors which is really nice and during Christmas time introduced different flavors every week or so. I thought it was a nice touch to keep things different and add a little flare. It also kept me wanting to come back each time to try the new flavors! Toppings are also nice and fresh. The sizes are great, which I only point out after visiting another place and wishing I could cut the toppings in a quarter of their size. They also have a rewards program that gives you a few free ounces almost every other time you visit. It's worth looking into - the program even has an app!"
771	3	"I am not a customer here, but as a healthcare worker I come here frequently as part of my job. I can say that this is one of the worst medical centers in the city. Their staff is overworked and it shows in how they interact with allied healthcare personnel and their patients. Walking into the ER feels more like walking into a room of juvenile high school students gossiping about one another and their patients. The staff is extremely rude and I can say both from first hand experience and from discussing with other health care personnel that most of the staff cares more about getting patients out of the building as quickly as possible than educating or helping people. This place is a product of profits over patients. They only want your money and want to make you a repeat customer. They run on a bare minimum staff (most of whom are, admittedly, underpaid- which may explain why they are all so unhappy) and are not able to meet the needs of Dekalb County. Several times a week the hospital is filled to capacity and they are unable to accept any more patients. Do yourself and the staff at DMC a favor. Go somewhere else."
555	1	I just discovered this gem yesterday when I was only seeking a brow wax. Jessica took such good care of me. It was the best chocolate wax ever! I had to come back the very next day for the best facial. I'm super pleased. This is my new fave place for sure.
752	1	Jesse and Ashley do an awesome job w gels and give the best pedicures. The place is just a little expensive but totally worth it. Getting a pedicure as we speak.... It's so relaxing .... zzzzzzzz :)
445	2	I do not recommend this place at all when we ate my grandfather after halfway through eating his meal found a cockroach in his food (no joke). Then we still had to pay for it. Just when you thought it couldn't get any worse their prices were different on the bill then when it said on the menu. Overall if you read this far it was pretty bad.
105	2	"Soooo good! Amazing biscuits, awesome jelly and perfect for a quick breakfast. I'll try the donuts next time. The biscuits are large, thick and not too salty. Up there on the best biscuit list in Austin."
710	3	"Unos is actually my favorite restaurant and yet it's come to this--a two star review. This particular Unos I've been to more times than I can count and I've had at least 3 other bad customer service experiences, but the one I had tonight takes the cake. The guy I had twice before was so negligent that I got his name from my check and memorized it so that when I returned I'd ask that they seat me anywhere but his area. I came in today and asked for a one person booth for one and she says they don't have any so they had to seat me in the back where all the tables are. Ok, no real problem, but I was there alone, and it wasn't peak hours just yet; it was obvious that I just wanted to eat and enjoy a meal with minimal disturbance or distraction. And yet, she tried to seat me DIRECTLY next to another person at a table, even though the whole space where the tables were was empty. I said no, I'd like to sit over there please (referring to a small table on the other side) and she obliged. It just seemed like common sense and common courtesy to me. Even in mall foodcourts, total strangers don't sit directly next to one another, let alone at an uncrowded sit-down restaurant. Then, maybe 10 minutes later, they came back and seated a party of two DIRECTLY next to me. It was extremely awkward because the rest of the area was just about empty and fairly quiet, and they were so close to me. I was irritated; she easily could have sat them at any other of the 5 empty tables and the waitress assigned to that area wouldn't have been inconvenienced. I was going to try to tough it out, but the woman at the table turned out to be particularly loud, borderline obnoxious in my opinion. I put on my headphones (not earbuds, but headphones) to drown her out, even though I'd intended specifically to come there to read while I ate dinner. Could still hear her loud and clear. I tactfully asked the waitress if they had a table available up front, and she responds, ""no, they're all taken. I can serve you here"" pointing to the table 4 inches to my right. I responded ""No, that would be the same thing"", trying to maintain my tone of voice. And though my request to be moved was clearly code for ""get me out of here please! NOW."", she wouldn't oblige. They lied. There were tables available. I discovered this when, only moments after they brought out my order, I quickly gathered all of my uneaten food and was walking out to leave with it. They just didn't want to move me because of the inconvenience of either having to switch me to another waiter, or her having to serve me outside of her table area. My whole issue really is that they don't seem customer service centered and reading some of the other reviews, they don't make common sense decisions with their customers. 3 distinct times I've walked out of there in a huff because of the treatment. I also agree with some of the other reviewers, they tend to take a little too long, even when it's not crowded. I wouldn't recommend this location at all just because the service is too much of a gamble, you never know what you're gonna get. To be fair, the food is consistent and I have had some really good waiters here and there, but again, it's too much of a gamble."
247	3	"I went with a group of 25 for a fun Sunday afternoon activity and we all had such a great time! Making reservations was easy and I love that they allow people to pay individually (which made planning so much easier) AND you can bring in your own food/drink! We brought in pizzas from Dante's and they were nice enough to set up a small fold-out table to help keep us organized. The staff were so kind and accommodating to our group - from explaining how the painting worked to answering questions and giving tips throughout our time there (ie. ""You'll want another layer of paint on that"") to engaging in fun conversation with people. They let us stay longer than the 2-hour time frame and only asked to rearrange us a bit. They had a great assortment of pieces to paint - from practical to decorative. Price ranged from about $8-$30. Stencils are also available for the artistically challenged! All in all, a really fun activity and a great option if you're looking for a group activity. They were wonderful hosts and looked to please their patrons. PS - You don't have to pay if you don't finish but can return at any time to complete it."
975	1	This store is great. They have wonderful sales and the customer service is amazing.
732	3	"A cafe sister restaurant to the ever popular Chambar Restaurant, the owners are so smart. This place had a line waiting in front just for a table when we got there at noon, but luckily we only waited for about 10 minutes to get seated. I soon saw why as there's really only a few tables in the long narrow space. I like how the menu had a wide selection of breakfast selection, and the 3 of us each ordered a dish. I had this (straight from their online menu): Saumon Fume (served all day) Open faced ciabatta sandwich. Fried egg, smoked salmon, caper cream cheese, sliced avocado, arrugula pepperdew and artichoke salad. It was quite good! Cream cheese with the capers were a perfect pair, it would've been a bit healthier if there was less oil and salt. But overall, it was great. I would order that again. My friends had: Fricassé (served all day) 2 fried eggs, braised short ribs, roasted potatoes, caramelized onions, arugula, applewood cheddar. Grilled foccacia. - She said it was quite good, served in a pan l'Omlette du Matin Daily selection of seasonal ingredients. - She said it was good as the beginning, but the flavours got too heavy and she couldn't even finish it. Would I come here again? Maybe not... one for lack of parking, two for long waits for a table, three for slightly high prices for just eggs/salad/tomato/etc (but I guess they're in an $$$ location too). But hey, if you like that kind of stuff, check it out!"
118	2	"We asked them about adding the gooey half boiled eggs that you'd be able to get at any other ramen place - and they only serve hard boiled eggs! This just seemed extremely weird to us and as owners of a ramen shop I would highly recommend they add that to their menu. Sorry but it's a necessity. As for our meals, they were unremarkable. Extremely bland and I honestly regret wasting time, money, and calories."
165	1	Cheap glass without being a pain in the ass... Great service!!!! Hope I don't need another windshield any time soon- but if I did I would go right back to these guys!
964	2	"We stayed here as a team for my son's soccer tournament. The only disappointment was that there was no microwave in the room and no washer/dryer available to wash the team's uniforms. My husband had to drive to a laundromat to get the team's uniforms washed late at night or really early in the morning. This was not as convenient, wish they had a washer/dryer onsite."
245	2	"I had been coming here for years, but Habana's has lost it ways. The food was so bad and expensive. Bad food that cost a lot leaves you feeling more than a little ripped off. The drink menu does not have prices, this is because a glass of wine is 10 dollars. The $23 Lechon Asado could have been mistaken for bad jerky. There are NOW much better Cuban here in Austin, let this one fade away."
759	3	"Friends and I usually go here almost out of necessity - it's nearby and we are often given coupons. There are plenty of TVs, but it can still be a headache to catch a game here when the place gets so busy. Recently, we (a couple of 20 somethings) informed the hostess that we wanted to watch the Falcons game - she then sat us in a room only showing the Steelers game, right next to a table with two small children. I don't mind kids - but during football Sunday, I don't want to have to watch my language either. We moved outside in the heat and had to take a seat in front of a TV that's had a shady, black spot in the middle of the screen for months. Get that fixed, man. The parking is particularly AWFUL. It can take 20 minutes to find a spot, and I've known many people who have had to park across the street at Marta and walk over. The food is just okay, the beer selection is good, and the service is iffy - it really depends on who you get."
997	1	Went here for a birthday celebration. Birthday girl got her dinner free. All menu items delicious and service is the best. Always try the specials - they are great.
608	1	"My visit from Vancouver, BC, was definitely worth the trip!! Can't wait to drive back and try out the new gym when it opens across the river."
822	1	Great place.. good burgers.. surely like this one!
